user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,232890,18422340,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Mr. Self Destruct,"***Die-hard fans of the Stronghold series, please read this review before making your purchase.  You won't regret it.***As a long time fan of the Stronghold series, this game was such a let down.  Yes, it is *technically* a Stronghold game, and it technically is the sequel to Crusader, but overall it is not even close to being on par with the rest of the series.--First, the Good--At its core, the concept of Stronghold is still the same here.  You'll start off building a settlement, gathering resources via a supply chain, ultimately crafting weapons to arm a force of soldiers.There are familiar units: Archers, Macemen, Crossbowmen (Crusader).  Horse Archers, Slaves, Assassins(Arabic)..as well as some new ones, including the Healer and many other Arabic mercenaries not previously seen. You can build walls, towers, siege weapons and all sorts of defense mechanisms for keeping the black knight at bay.On top of that, many familiar faces return, such as The Rat, Richard the Lionheart and more.The game is, of course, a 3d Model game, bringing the Crusader series at least one generation ahead.And...that's about it.  Honestly.  If you were a fan of the original series, it may warm your heart to actually have some new Stronghold content to play with, but there really isn't anything new and exciting here.--Now, the Bad...where do I begin?--First of all, the game is somewhat broken.  There are plenty of times where characters models won't animate, and it's not uncommon for characters to simply float across the map in the standard model ""christ pose"" without any animation.  Even the oxen who carry the stone in the game would freeze when moving on an angle.  Stone walls are another mess.  Too often, staircases would end up with a wall piece right in the middle of them, creating a strange unrealistic graphical error.  These are only some of the visual phenomenen that occur while playing.That brings me to another issue...wall building.  Not only do walls cost way too much in this game, but there is pretty much no room for creativity when building your castle.  In the original/Crusader 1, you had so much control over every little aspect of your wall design.  You could build walls of all different heights, staircase pieces, granulated walls all down to the very last square.  This gave us castle builders so much of a blank canvas that virtually anything was possible if we knew how to use those pieces the right way.In Crusader 2, 90% of the wall building is done for you when clicking.  A wall piece is pre-built for you to include parapits on one side, a wall space, and parapits on the opposite side.  You can no longer just build a simple piece of stone wall, the basic building block (almost literally) of the original series' castle building element.  Sure, you can add towers and all kinds of siege weaponry, but the fun and joy of really creative a keep down to the last detail is completely lost here.The cost of walls adds to another huge gripe with this game...balance.  It's my understanding that a patch has re-balanced some of the economy issues, but the game is still WAY too unbalanced when trying to get your city up and running.  Too often I find myself running out of resources right at the beginning of a match, even when set to give myself a huge advantage over my AI counterparts.  For example, a windmill in this game costs 200 wood.  In the original? 20.  So it costs literally 10 times as much here.  That would be fine, except woodcutters don't harvest 10 times as much wood here.  They harvest roughly the same amount as before.This leads to a TON of waiting around to gather resources right from the git-go of any match.  Sure, there was always that element in the original (as with any RTS), but there is a considerable difference here.  I feel like I'm not getting anywhere, even though I have what would otherwise be the basics of a civilization in place.Ah, civilization...a thriving, breathing melting pot of people going about their daily lives, each contributing to their society in their own way, all while maintaining their own unique personality...yeah, Stronghold Crusader 1 was a fantastic game.  Say goodbye to that here.I mean, sure...you get to see the workers doing what they do in 3D, but it's not the same.  Peasants say NOTHING when you click on them.  No Monty Python-esque man impersonating a woman ""morning your lordship!"" or ""no taxes is good taxes, that's my motto!"", just silence.  No adding flowers, maypoles, dancing bears, gauntlets, guillotines, stretchingracks...good/badpopularity control is just gone.Speaking of voices (ha), this might be one of the most dissapointing aspects of Crusader 2, and I honestly didn't see it coming.The voice acting in this game is TERRIBLE.  I mean that in every sense of the word.  I have friends who can do cooky voices that would have been better candidates.A great example is the men-at-arms.  Remember the way they sounded in Stronghold 2?  They were dopey lummixes, and rightfully so given their rank.  Or how about their original counterpart, the spearmen?  They were rough, working class fighters ready to stick a spear in whatever you tell them to.Here's what I want you to do:  We're gonna do a test.  I want you to read the next sentence I say in quotes out loud.  Don't use any exciting voice, or cooky impersonation, or anything.  Use your normal speaking voice.  Ready?  Okay, say this out loud:""Man at arms, ready.  Close ranks.""Congratulations!  You've just landed a gig providing voice over work for a video game!The level of enthusiasm in these vocal takes can only be described as the bare minimum.  Without trying to be funny, I've found myself honestly wondering if they simply had one of the programmers provide voices.  As annoying as he was, we all have to admit that at least The Rat had a memorable personality.  His voice has now been replaced with some Joe Everyguy off the street.  You'll forget him as soon as you end the game.To be fair, I need to point something else out, though, about the voice over work, and that's that there are a lot of recycled vocal takes from previous games.  Archers still sound like archers, crossbowmen like crossbowmen, etc.  However, it's about 50/50 as far as which characters use the classic voices, and which use Joe Everyguy.It might sound petty to be so bitter about this, but as (I'm assuming, since you've read this far) you are a die-hard Stronghold fan, then you KNOW how important the voices are to this series.  They are the character, the personality and the life of the game!  They're what make you feel like you are controlling living, breathing people of all different sorts, whose lives hang at your fingertips!The original games did all of that in spades, and they weren't even 3D rendered!--The Bottom Line--I haven't played much of this game, but I'm fairly confident that won't change.  I could go on forever about the other issues that are impossible to ignore (such as the buildings and terrain feeling like they're from two different games), but I feel I've beaten my own horse to death here.From what I gather, a team of less than 10 people programmed this game.  I don't mean this review as offense to them specifically.  They created a game, like they said they would.  They accomplished something that I, of course, haven't...but it's almost like giving credit to Nickelback.  I may hate their music, but at the end of the day they're creating albums and I'm sitting behind my keyboard judging people.That being said, it doesn't mean that I have to LIKE Nickelback.That was a bad way to end this review. Sorry to take a punch at an easy target.Judge me all you want for that, just please don't buy this game.  It's something you can't take back."
,Recommended,232890,12256075,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,TraceofHatred,"Please read on before simply accepting this as another ""Yes"" review, because this a very mixed opinion. First, I would like to clarify this is from the Point of view of someone who has been playing Stronghold since the first game came out, and has consistently played every single installment to near completion - Aside from Kingdoms, which is mediocre imho. Maybe you'll agree, maybe you won't - Anywho, this is how I felt.The Good:- Solid skirmish mode, much like older renditions of the game.- Very old school Crusader vibe/feeling to it. Remake successful.- All of the new units are interesting, aside from the slave driver - Which I don't care for.- New Unit special abilities are cool and add depth without overpowering or ruining units.- New Siege engines that are also interesting and for the most part useful.- Resource caches, Lion Dens, Outposts are all neat additions to the old crusader formula.- Varied AI characters like the original and a promise of DLC Lords in the future.- Really like the ""curtain walls."" I was skeptical of them until I used them in a trail mission.- Took the good things from SH3 while leaving out most of the bad things.- Neutral territory reminds me of the old territory system of SHC.- The new buildings (like the wooden barricades for example) are interesting.- Genuinely enjoyable game with as much replay value as the original.- New ally system where allies mood affects how willing they are to do your bidding.- Departure of Free form SH3 buidlings. Return of efficient, grid-based building system.- Better physics, especially in regards to arrows - which bounce off and break on walls.- More realism, such as troops pulling out pick axes and tools to smash walls down.- Beautiful destruction physics. I've gotten into trouble from watching castles go down.- Unit costs fixed or improved (Assassins especially brought back to reasonable price!)- Much simpler Editor than SH3, albeit still with as many options.- Able to play as other lords, and even choose what your lord looks like in skirmish.- Buildings change when playing Arabic or Crusader Lords.- Genuinely enjoyable game. Can't even lie, I will put 100 hours or more into this, easily.The Bad:- Stone is completely unbalanced. Walls cost 7 stone just for 1 square- So, 100+ to make 15 Tiles of wall! WTF? So even a basic castle is 500 to 1000's of stone.- Furthermore, walls also break much quicker - Causing lots of problems in the heat of battle.- Buildings have ridiculous costs, which is ridiculously high (200 wood for a Market? Seriously?)- Bare, boring, pathetic campaigns - So much for paying $10 extra for ""additional campaigns.""- No campaign is longer than 4 Stages, and the mini campaigns are Only 2 stages long!- Cavalry units cannot attack buildings anymore, making them significantly less useful.- All of the Special Edition Features (cost an additional 10 dollars) were pathetic at best.- Half of the artbook is on the official site for free, and it's only about 20-30 pages.- The two mini campaigns take 10 minutes, and the 10 shields speak for itself in lame-ness.- Only redeeming thing was the soundtrack. basically you paid 10 dollars for an old OST.- Missing the things introduced in SH2 that were memorable, like feasting, honour, etc.- While many did not like those features, I feel like the economy is really bare without them.- Mediocre Maps. Crusader only had 3 or 4 maps I didn't like, this one has 3 or 4 I do like.- Many maps don't have any resources available, or are too unbalanced to enjoy.- Pretty much need the Map Editor if you want to have truly good maps.- some glitches and crashes, though this is to be expected.- pathetic sized unit caps and building caps.- At 1 v 1 it's perfectly fine, but even 4 player matches feel very tiny.- Bland building selection, needs more towers, bastions, etc. SH3 had so many options!- Overpriced with the promise of even more (paid) DLC in the future.All in all, I feel like the game as a whole is really good - But I feel like it is horribly overpriced. 50 Dollars is too much. I felt like none of the features I got in my ""special Edition"" were all that special, and were not worth 10 dollars more. I feel like this game would've been much more fair to be sold at around 20-30 dollars instead (Crusader was 19.99 when I got it on release). Do yourself a favor and try and get it on sale, or at discount - it is a very fun game and I will keep playing, but it is incredibly over priced - Especially the ""special edition"" which was anything but special."
76561198036524645,Not Recommended,232890,12231387,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,gg§oul,"I am one of the stupid ones who got my hopes up after seeing reviews and hearing 'its the original game, but much improved with more additions bringing it up to date' ... and so i bought it.What a mistake!IT IS MISSING MANY THINGS FROM THE ORIGINAL!!!!!No laddermenNo seige towersNo moatsNo engineers! to use, build or put into your seige equipment. This changes gameplay massively, as it used to take time to get decent wall defences, because you had to first build the engineers workshop, produce engineers, and build a big enough tower, then build a ballista/mangonel etc on it, and then put your engineers in them for them to function. Now i just buy a bloody ballista tower as soon as the game starts and it begins shooting longrange hail marys from the get go.What about PIMPING my castle... **** in 2002 i could put flags and the likes around, not in this remake.No EVIL / NICE system in the castle. Gone are the days of building dungeons and setting out heads on spikes to scare your populace ****less so you can tax them etc... this also kills gameplay in a big way, that was so much of the fun!Have to agree with most of the other comments.. The WALLS come down like polysterene blocks, so effortlessly and quickly.Maps are tiny, one of the only flaws in original also. but its 2014 youd think they could have fixed that!!! Makes it annoyingly irritating to have resources far from castle so you can NEVER fully have your castle emcompass everything. You are always rebuilding or defending your resource buildings out in the middle of nowhere.No more leather armourNo info when you scroll over buildings etcNo more peasants saying provocative gestures when u click emNo tunneling men?? that ive seenThe AI keep repeating the same tripe over n over again, its 2014 ! get a heap of new sayings in there not just 1 or 2 !!!AI is not improved, they do the same **** over n over again from what ive experienced.Economy is broken. Just build candlestick maker buildings and sell them at market and basically dont have to build any other resource buildings cause you can buy goods at market from candlestick profits!Ahh the list is endless.THIS GAME HAS BEEN DUMBED DOWN !!!IT HAS LESS THAN THE ORIGINAL !!!Gameplay is not even as fun as original !!!!! :(It starts to freeze up on any settings medium or higher... on ultra it sucks as soon as you have over 2 ai one one map.Not my pc, i built a high specd rig with 4.8 eight core an 3g graphics card etc... poorly designed game. i run all other games on ultra no probs.Ok, rant over.Graphics not good, just ok. until it starts to freeze up.Only cool thing was haybale launcher thingy.So if your into firey haybales then fork over all your dough, otherwise DONT BUY !I hope they fix this game but i highly doubt it !!!"
76561198064489514,Not Recommended,232890,18995981,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Lemon Tree,Extreme cheating for ai. Destroy every f*cking resource building of theirs and they keep spawning soldeirs without losing gold or resources.GG WP
,Not Recommended,232890,12569174,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Bleede0548,"The OpinionI wanted to love this game. I really did. After only three in-game hours, I canhonestlysay that THIS is not a Stronghold game. I've tried looking at it from all angles; seeing it as not a continuation to a series that was plagued by Stronghold 3, but as a sequel to the Stronghold game that stole my heart - Stronghold: Crusaders.Even as such, this game fails to deliver. Nothing was built upon -nothing- and if I were to be honest, I would even go as far as to say features were removed. Good features. Important features. What you've been left with feels like the Civilisation game released on the Xbox marketplace; it's cute, but not a full fledged Stronghold game.Where are my Engineers? Laddermen? Tunnelers? Moats? Why is building my castle so... generic?I wouldn't have minded a re-skin of Stronghold 2. Nor a remake of the original Crusaders. Given this as the alternative, I would've honestly rather pay an additional $54.99 (CAD) for Firefly to just add Skirmish to Stronghold 3, not release a half-game riding the coattails of previous successes.Will I continue to play? Yes. I refuse not to. This game may lack... everything... but damn it, if I want simplicity and don't feel like an RTS like the AoE series, I'll play this.Will I recommend this to friends? No. Friends, fellow fans, I've played scapegoat. I've lost this round. Continue reading if you're interested, I'll try to go more in-depth.More InformationPros:Looks Pretty (Despite a few weirder texture maps...)Different Style Maps (stone in one corner, iron in another)Community (whether angry fans or not, it's got a living community)Cons:No LaddermenNo MoatsSlower Resource Gathering (resulting in longer, uneventful games)No actual Engineers (I guess peasents just magically know how to man ballistae, trebuchets, and so-on)Poor enemy selection (The new enemies already feel generic)Many Stretched Textures (it may look pretty, but not as pretty as it could)Weird in-game stuttering and freezes (Before anyone explodes on me, blaming my rig, I have no issues running Shadow of Mordor on high at 1080p (60fps avg.), or Endless Legend, or Stronghold 2 or 3, or Tomb Raider)All-in-all, this game is not done. At least, it better not be.Visuals: 8/10Combat: 6/10Castle/Town Management: 4/10UI: 8/10Unit Differences: 3/10Enemy AI: 5/10Gameplay Feel: 4/10Do what you will with this, buy it if you want, Hell, you might even like it. But I cannot recommend this as an honest Stronghold game.Gamers may have changed, Firefly. Choosing to buy into industrious brands like ""Call of Duty"" and the like, but your audience has not. We have not grown stupid over the years, and we will continue to wait for an actual Stronghold Crusader 2."
,Recommended,232890,23328408,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Mado,"LONG REVIEW!!WARNING!!: THE GAME IS 4 PLAYERS MAX IN LOBBY.This review will basically help you whether to buy this game or not , however , although I am recommending this game , am going to be neutral mentioning both good and bad aspects of this game genuinely .I have spent 100+ Hours on this game before I write this review , so please before you agree or disagree with me , try to complete reading this review.First of all , lets compare this game to the first version of it which is Stronghold Crusader 1.An Example.-Clearly , since it has been released in 2014 , this game is in 3D and has a better amazing graphics , you can zoom too close to the objects and can see them clearly in a good view.-New lords and sounds in the game which makes it more fun.-You can set a rally point for the army to go to it once they are produced.-It has exactly the same buildings but in more realistic view , there\\\'s a Market now which lets u auto-sell and buy good on a limit you choose , instead of spamming mouse click to sell and buy allot of goods.-There are no trenches anymore , which makes the game more possible unlike the sc1 where you can dig a trench all over your castle and block the enemy from entering it.-You can now put your siege equipment at a point close to the enemy instead of those workers who u integrate with the equipment to make it work.-They added allot of new troops in both Arab and Crusader army. Like for example the healer which makes u heal your army , Rangers , sergeants at arms,,, etc.-Easier managment for the economy and goods from the panel on the top right of the screen to get more taxes. it tells you how much you produce and consume.-A new feature of occupying free lands in the map to take goods from them , wasn’t in SC1.Pros (in general)-The game is very realistic , there are 2 types of lords , Arabs and Crusaders , where both are very realistic in the army type and economy , for example there\\\'s a sheep farm and mosque instead of pig farm and church for Arab lords.Check here.-The learning campaigns are realistic and Historically accurate , they are some about Antioch and Jerusalem , you should reach there and occupy it , you will enjoy the skirmish trials as well.-The game offers 4 DLC which add 2 new lords in each dlc with their skirmish trials. so 8+8=16 lords with dlcs.-Each lord has his own type of army and economy, and his unique castle design.-The Multiplayer side of the games seems stable most of the time , you can play with others in wide options of peace time and what\\\'s allowed and not( Assassins , trebuchets..etc) . and it has a cool feature which is if the host was P*ssy and left the game , the game migrates the host to another player in the game so there\\\'s no interruption in the gameplay.Check here.-Easy use of army and positioning\\\\lining them , with the attack mode which tells the warrior what to do with enemies.-You will enjoy the soundtracks in the game , they are really exciting and fun.Cons-The game is unstable yet , it still has some bugs in it and needs frequent updates, last update was on april\\\\16 , so expect a glitch or a crash.-The cost of most things is generally high , walls for example will cost allot of stone , market and inn will cost much wood too..-The multiplayer system is unstable yet , sometimes u won’t be able to join a specific lobby , or it will appear empty.-The game sometimes doesn’t accept more than 4 players in multiplayer , so its 2v2 max.-The army stops sometimes when u move it , or it goes back and forward again.-The knights gets off their horses for no reason sometime , you have to put them back on it.-The mantlet health is high enough , if you put your army under 100 mantlets , i dont think the archers on the towers can stop you while catapulting them under mantlets.-The tower ballista damage is lower than the crossbow , looks weird for me.So shall I buy this game ?Well , if you love strategy games specially historical\\\\medieval ones , and you think you are smart enough to build and manage a desert castle, yesbuy it. But if you think you can learn everything in the game and become an OP player in it in 2 hours , thendon’t buy it.There are allot of videos and guides there you can watch or read to learn how to have strong economy and military power.A good video.Don’t look at the reviews percentage on steam store page , most of them are 1 lined review with no reasonable dislike. However, don’t buy this game unless it\\\'s on sales it gets really cheap, otherwise it’s too expensive and doesn’t really deserve its original price without sales.One more thing , don’t buy the special edition , it really adds silly things for nothing.The game is very addictive and you will enjoy it.Thank you for reading!My funny artworks xD.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=695210566http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=695243240"
76561198097021150,Not Recommended,232890,18493263,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,daniel,I've been a long time fan of SC. Played the original for countless hours and was syced for this release. BUT it has been a non stop disappointment.- Soldiers literally just stand around and doing nothing when an enemy is next to them- AI is no smarter than before. Downright boring actually.- The economy is slower and more difficult to get going- Everything about this game feels bulky and slow.- DID I ALREADY SAY THAT SOLDIERS STAND AROUND AND DON'T FIGHT WAY TOO OFTEN!!!!!- Armies are too small. Everything in this game is always just a skirmish.I could go on and on.Save your money.
76561198035474262,Not Recommended,232890,14488215,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,baudlac,"simply too expensive  and with less tactical possibilities than the first one,I wouldn't recommend itand believe me I never waste my  time to post any commentsdon't buy this sequel,  unless it's 10 eur"
,Not Recommended,232890,19540855,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,SockMcSquish,"This game makes me want to cry inside...It's like they purposely set out to make the worst game ever.  Not only that but they took a concept that was really successful and tweaked it just enough to make it suck.  After Stronghold 2 came out I had high hopes.  I really don’t see how the franchise can continue with this big ugly pile of Sh#t staring them in the eye.  I mean, this game is so bad that if I was in a room with Hitler and a copy of this game and they gave me two bullets I would shoot the game twice in the hopes that no fragment of its existence could further taint the outside world.  Who ever made this game I just want you to know…..the day you made this a box of puppies died.  I own all but one of the Stronghold games but I am afraid this will be the last.  I have completely lost faith in them after this.  Here is why…1. Building a castle is just not possible.  The block segments just don’t want to line up and sometimes when you build  gatehouse it just simply deletes wall segments that would connect it to the wall.  If there is any kind of incline or attitude to the building surface the game cannot compensate and the wall won't close up.2.  The economics in the game are so F&*%ed they could double as a Call Girl in Bangkok. They tried to make everything more realistic by increasing prices but failed to adjust for it properly.  With a zero growth population one min you have 400 food and the next it is all gone.  Stone, Iron, Wood, and food gather rates all fluctuate or no reason!3.  Unkillable units.  Sometimes there will be a unit on a wall and it will be in such a position that it will not be visible to archers and your units can't reach it. This means that they can fire at you but you cannot get to them.  I have played the game for 11 hours and already lost 2 assaults in this fashion because the units get confused between two targets and just go back and forth.4. DLC….so wait, you want me to buy more of your crap after I see this broken POS? I have two words, Get F$%#ed! This is such a pathetic tactic.  If you are a game that is as good as AOE or The Total War Series then yes, you can hold content hostage because the game is good enough!  YOUR GAME ISNT EVEN CLOSE!I got this game on sale for 1/5th the retail price and I STILL regret buying it.  If you are thinking about buying this game, do not.  Take the money, wipe you’re a#$ with it and toss it in the toilet because that would be of more use and you would likely receive more satisfaction from that."
,Recommended,232890,13037028,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,iToaster,"No, it's not the world's best sequel - the amount of stuff added to this game in comparison to crusader 1 is minimal, which is sort of upsetting considering this game has come out 12 years after its' predecessor. However, I do not find my money wasted on this game. As a fan of the stronghold series and a proud owner of all the games (save one that I'm not too proud of...you can guess which), I will happily say that this game is the first stronghold game to not be a total waste of your time since 2002 with crusader 1 itself. On top of that, I highly recommend buying this if for nothing else than supporting the small indie studio Firefly Studios in hopes that, now without their 2K publisher forcing release dates on them, we can begin to see some proper sequels in the stronghold lineup to recover from...a troubling past, to say the least. Perhaps a stronghold 4, or even the possibility of a Legends 2 (Don't kill me, we all know somewhere inside we want a better legends :D)With gamespy down, this is also the only remaining stronghold game besides the abysmal pile that was stronghold 3 to have functional multiplayer without the assistance of a 3rd party tool that can sometimes, to inexperienced users, be a large pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to use properly. So for crusader multiplayer with ease, this runs through the steam servers allowing you to simply invite your friends and such as you would for Team Fortress 2 or something.Buy this to support firefly and enjoy the first stronghold game in 12 years to not suck right out of the box...or download in this case. And if not, do yourself at least the favor of, if you don't already, going and purchasing Stronghold HD and Stronghold Crusader HD on steam orGoG.comor somewhere - those 2 games, alongside this one, will not fail to give you hours of fun."
,Not Recommended,232890,29289103,Posted: 15 January,all,Asmodai_00,"This is one of the few games where it's blatantly obvious the AI is cheating.You can raze farmlands, cut off AI opponents from their industry, and yet they can still feed their people and raise armies from nowhere.Even for five bucks, I regret this purchase."
76561198046432252,Not Recommended,232890,15047837,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Wonky,"I was a die hard original stronghold fan and after playing SH3 decided to never touch this series again, saying that my die hard fan part took over because lets face it stronghold was boss back in the day. So I ponied up to buy this game to give it a chance, the real question here is how the ♥♥♥♥ did they ♥♥♥♥ this game up so bad? I mean I'm impressed, I dont think their is anything more that they could have done to make this game any worse!!!Lag, bugs, complete economic balance meltdowns, more lag, more bugs, complete military balance meltdowns, more bugs for days. Take your pick, the entire game dynamic has been ♥♥♥♥ed to the point were you will feel mentally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ whilst trying to execute anything in this game.The sad part is that they took stronghold which was a completely enjoyable game and churned out this steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ a game nobody would play for more than 30 minutes if they werent trying to give it the chance to be half as good as the originals.If you are thinking of buying this game my advice to you would be to spend your money on a big bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥as you will probably enjoy owning a bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥more than this game!"
,Recommended,232890,13312341,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,durry puncher,"5/10I wont lie, I was a little dissapionted with this game when I first stared playing, I was a big fan of its predecessor 'Stonghold crusader', this was by far one of my favorite games when I was younger.Pros and cons:PROS- The graphics in-game have been updated, although not as much as you might hope for, especially for the fact that the old one came out 12 years ago.- It is much harder to appease the peasants who flock to your castle, this does make the game a bit more challenging when it comes down to 'laying siege' to an enemies castle, at least in multiplayer. You can starve your enemy in a manner of speaking.- There are new units, athough most of these are nearly identical to the predecessors, using some of the same quotes and one-liners.- The walls fall down in 3D, instead of dissapearing,- Destruction of castle walls and towers, looks better,CONS- the Opening menu was a major dissapointment, i dont really know what i expected but the predecessors kicked♥♥♥♥♥compared to this new one.- The new AI sucks, really sucks, (eg. the enemy computer always gets free siege equipment)- The graphics aren't that imppressive for the amount of processing power it takes to run the game.- The price tag for what you get is practically extortion.- If you arent familiar with the game it is quite hard to understand the mechanics of the game, depsite the introduction campaign/scenario- The new voice acting for the AI is just generally annoying, in my personal opinion they should have used the old voices from the last game.- The mulitiplayer menu, is the same as the opening menu, a dissapointment- There is a building and troop limit, whilst understandably for lower end computers is unchangeable, but there should be a way to adjust it.All in all the game leaves you feeling a little underwhelmed, to be honest if your thinking of buying this game do yourself a favour and wait until a sale, save yourself the dissapointment of spending a lot of money on something that isn't quite up to standard.I do know that Firefly are releasing updates and extensions so hopefully in the future they may be able to fix some of the problems, and annoyances."
76561198060601878,Recommended,232890,22196892,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Erenussocrates,"First things first, let me tell you that I'm a veteran stronghold player/fan from the old days, ever since the first stronghold came out I've played all stronghold titles except stronghold 3 and stronghold kingdoms up to this point. And also I've played this game both before the optimisation patch came out and after that. And I must say, I really can't join the obvious hate train on this one. Maybe you'll dismiss me after these words, but first hear me out.Not only will I bring some closure on some of the infamous aspects the other reviewers have pointed out about the game in it's early stages, but I will also recommend you which Stronghold game you should look for according to your interests.About the claims saying that this game is unbalanced. Let me point out that this game, is both warfare-wise and economy-wise, is more balanced than any other stronghold game that I've played. In older games, bread production was the way to go in all situations, and sword production was the thing you should go for, simply because all other melee units were simply trash compared to swordsmen and knights, removing the reason/need for more than half of weapon workshop options and the soldier options. Mantlets and horse archers were simply overpowered, and it was the best choice to amass them. In Stronghold 2, siege engines were so broken that you could defend a ""castle"" without building a single wall, or you didn't need to actually move in your melee units to kill advancing swordsmen, because they couldn't even get close. But in this game, you can see that all of those issues I mentioned above don't exist anymore.In first crusader game, everything was so cheap that money virtually didn't cost anything after you've set your core economy in place, having thousands upon thousands of gold and not even being able to find a way to spend all of that was simply meaningless, and at the same time arabian units were simply way too expensive to train early on. But in this game, you can always feel the pressure of being short for money, from all the way from beginning to the endgame, as it should be. And this doesn't mean that it's impossible to build a rich settlement, there are actually new features that immensely help with that!For example, in this game a market is not required to sell or buy goods, but still there is a market building option. Why? Because this market building provides autosell and autobuy options. And stockpile, granary and armory buildings have unlimited space. Honestly, these are the most important reasons why this game is actually superior to any other stronghold game (stronghold 2 didn't have unlimited stockpile). Anyone who've played enough stronghold games can know, that it's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥both trying to manage the stockpile by selling excess stone so that your bread production chain won't crumble upon itself, and trying to command your units in battle at the same time. Let's say that you don't have iron reserves but you really need some armor in your armory. But you cannot stop what you are doing and buy iron because the enemy is keeping you busy all the time. Worry not! Just set some iron to autobuy, and the system is already set in stone. You just set your autosell and autobuy options and sit back and enjoy warfare while the money counts itself. The new minimap and UI are also way better than the older games. It's easier to spot units on map, and UI is customizable and you can see how much goods you have in your stores at the top of your screen all the time, if you wish so. The new popularity chart is vastly superior to the older games, aside from the default popularity displays, you can see both the daily income and consume of food, ale, and candles, so when you increase the rate of rations you don't have to pay attention to your granary all the time to figure out if they are declining or not. Which makes setting taxes and setting your economy a lot easier than it was in older games. Another example that points out that it's still easy to have a rich settlement: the default tax rate is ""low taxes"" now, and it doesn't exert a negative effect in your popularity.Roughly all buildings are more than 2 times as expensive than it was in older games, and that is a welcome addition. It's a bit harder to spam quarries to get rich early on, and it's still possible. Now there is a reason to set up other types of food farms as well, and even at the beginning you are still able to set up bread production if you play right. And also multiple food types provide way more popularity bonus than it did in original games, now you can raise your tax rate by one level just by having all food types in your granary. So having multiple types of food production is relatively not something so useless contrary to how it was in original games.Now, there are 2 more important melee fighter options alongside swordsmen. Sergeant at arms and templar knights, which (other than armor) requires pikes and maces, respectively. Sword production is not the only important weapon production anymore. In this game, european archers are better than arabic archers, so opting to craft regular longbows are not obsolete anymore. Horse archers are way more squishy and fire way slower while on the move, all archers are way more accurate and they do not miss horse archers anymore. Mantlets are way weaker to arrow damage, it's not possible to just create 100 mantlets and have an invincible army. Mantlets cannot go on walls anymore, so you can't just build one tower and a few archers and a mantlet, and have the most unbreakable defense ever. Knights, sergeant at arms, and arabian melee cavalry are all very expensive units, so training swordsmen does not become something obsolete when you are short on money. Some siege engines are way more expensive than they were in original games, and some of them are also even cheaper, making them relatively more balanced. If you want to have a strong army, you will have to train some of those expensive units, and that will constantly keep your economy in check and you won't be swimming in meaningless amounts of gold. Gold will be important throughout the game. All of the things I've counted by now clearly shows how more balanced and therefore, a better gameplay this game provides compared to previous games.The siege engines do not knockback units they hit as they did in Stronghold 2 anymore. Even though it was fun to watch your hapless enemies in that situation, it was inarguably overpowered. However, siege engines do knock soldiers down from walls when they hit them, and that is an instant kill regardless of what type of soldier it is. (and in Stronghold 2, crossbowmen would survive those falls) This is much better, and more realistic.Did I mention that the game got an optimisation update roughly more than 6 months ago? Yes, I already did. I must admit, the game looked promising but it was literally unplayable before the patch came out because of the massive FPS drops in skirmish games. But now, that's all gone, it only happens rarely when you are nearing the maximum number of buildings limit in a full on 8 player game. And it mostly depends on how strong your computer is, really. If your system cannot run some of the games that came out last year, it might as well be pretty normal that you are having problems while trying to run this game. For that, I would only advise you to upgrade your machine. Other than FPS problems, a lot of bugs the reviewers have pointed out are also gone as well, sure still a few might happen from time to time like cross positioned models, knights not being able to mount horses and archers not being able to mount war wagon while they are moving, but it occurs rarely and doesn't make the game anything short of enjoyable.-Because of the maximum word count Steam review system enforces, I will continue my review in this review's comment section, and you can read there if you are interested-"
,Not Recommended,232890,13298506,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,L.Peluzzo,"Do you want a castle sim? Do you want that medieval atmosphere of Stronhold 1? Dealing with famine, diseases, economy and war? Well, my friend, then you [not] are in luck! .... For this is indeed not the game you were looking for!I get that the devs gave it a shot. The game has a heart. As someone who throughout the year followed firefly studios, it is clear that it is now but a shadow of what it used to be. With very little resources they wanted to do their best.However, as hard of a shot they gave, to me, everything just fell apart from the very moment you start the game, and here is why:The artwork is just sad. Egyptian hieroglyph looks better than what we see here.UI is terrible, it feels very alpha. *cough* look at that type font *cough*No economy, just a lifeless corpse of a castle that spits out little clones to either attack or defend it.If you wanted a sim, like me, you wont see people chatting and going about their lives, there is no micro management. Nothing to see. Where are the citizens, the animations?Take SH1, just awe at the amount of detail that it had, moss in the walls, cracks in the wood and stone. Even wind ffs.Unfortunatly, you cannot stop and think: is this just a SH3 reskin with less bugs?Is it a waste of time? God no. The gameplay is bland but at times, you may find some joy in it. Fans will do a fair bit of it out of pure nostalgia. Smashing walls can be fun.In the end, the game just doesn’t do much for you to like it for very long."
76561198007398743,Not Recommended,232890,16993066,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,rcy005,"I smashed every enemy woodcutter hut, burned every farm, destroyed every mine, ground every hovel into the dust, then as I basked in the glory of my victory and gloated over my fallen foe laughing as my archers cut down every single peasent that dared set foot outside the keep I was horrified to see all the  building instantly rebuilt from nothing. How was this possible when they had nothing left to build with?Truly it was a miracle and that was when I accepted Jesus into my heart."
76561198066924719,Not Recommended,232890,26361975,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,commanderbly15,"It's just not Stronghold. The designers took away so much of what made this game unique. The little quotes of the peasants that gave them personalities, the fun setting up your castle the way you want it, the mini economy you have to babysit in order to keep things happy, ect.I have alot of hours into Stronghold and I'll come right out and say niether Crusader game impressed me. They're both too watered down. If you want a sim that's just like every other one with fast paced war and go go go pace than by all means grab this game!If you want a game thats complex yet not frustrating, engaging yet not overwhelming, and goofy with gore mixed in get Stronghold 2 and you'll understand why so many of us veteran players can't stand this game"
76561198119457628,Recommended,232890,28519971,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Crusader556,"Long time fan of the Stronghold francise. And I too saw the ""Mixed reviews"" for the newest edition of the Crusader family. So I picked it up on sale, but much to my suprise, I really like it. The gamplay feels smooth and refined, the graphics are stable, and the fundimentals are the same as past games. It has almost a Stronghold 2 feel. the gameplay is focused more on combat then economics. As a whole, it doesn't deviate much from the working stronghold recipe, but still holds its own.Looking forward to trying the DLC."
76561198007813909,Recommended,232890,12193183,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Discount Surgeon,"Edit as of 1/17, scroll down for current reviewYou know what wasn't so good? Stronghold 3. You know what is comparatively better? Stronghold Crusader 2. Be warned, there are a few 'day one' glitches and bugs, but nothing game breaking and unfixable like in SH3. As stated in other reviews, the game does feel a bit clunky as of now, but I believe these issues can be ironed out in the next week or two. Take note of the system specs, because my desktop meets the minimum but not the recommended and it's definitely noticeable. Assuming you have that, both die hard fans and ones new to the series won't be disappointed with the options to start with. Skirmish mode, (hooray!) multiple campaigns, and sandbox are all playable. I also like the new art style and updated graphics. Overall, it feels like an updated SH:C with more features, hopefully more to be added through DLC. (Additional units, both new and rebooted AI, all new campaigns, etc) In addition, the Arab lords no longer have to build churches; mosques have finally been added. A small thing, but really helps with the balance between Crusaders and Arabs.The game takes a different spin on how it approaches the Crusades, and now the 'right side' is whichever side you're fighting for. There's no 'good' side, as both sides view themselves as freedom fighters locked in a righteous struggle against the infidels.There is multiplayer, but I have not tested it yet, so take that with a grain of salt. I somewhat agree with the opinon that Firefly sacrificed some content for a more realistic game, but that is not nearly as off-putting here as it was in SH3. I'm excited to see where Firefly takes SH:C2, especially after the SH3 letdown, and hope to enjoy this game quite a bit in the future.EDIT: (Since day one was quite a while ago, and the above review is outdated) I don't think considering this as a solid 'yes' review would be correct. Firefly has put in effort to fix the bugs, but the game is still not optimized. As stated in other reviews, really expect those performance drops during sieges. The game does feel somewhat lacking in certain aspects, namely graphics and troop types. As a fan of the Stronghold series since Stronghold 2, (which is still a really fun game for its shortcomings) I will say that, given the price tag, this isn't a 'gateway' Stronghold game. New to the series? Play the original Crusader, or Stronghold 1. Enjoy skirmishing? Stronghold 2 has an above-average skirmish mode, and a nice, easy to use map maker as well. It's not the trainwreck of Stronghold 3, but Stronghold Crusader 2 still mediocre."
,Not Recommended,232890,22803007,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Biggles,49.99 on Steam?  What are you guys thinking?  You can buy this anywhere else for under $20.00.   It's a pretty good game but not for $50.00.
,Recommended,232890,30797020,Posted: 28 March,all,Frankoman,"This is a good game that does not get the credit it deserves. I think people have warped expectations and do not review this game fairly. When you take this game out and refrain from comparing to the other games in the series, this is a great stand alone castle building and war simulation. There are some pros and cons with every game, but this is a game I'd definitely recommend.The Pros:- This game really has the spirit of Stronghold: Crusader. It reminds me of my many crusades I went on in that game.- The game is hard. People give it a bad rating because they can't handle the challenge of a real time strategy game. Ideally, I try to focus my economy on producing bread and crossbowmen, but some missions just don't provide you with enough to get off the ground like that and you really have to think on your feet. That's a pro, in my opinion.- There are a lot of missions and expansion packs to keep the fight going.- It looks and sounds beautiful. The graphics look great and the voice acting is fine. They really listened to the community and changed the voices where people complained (Spearman, Narrator, etc).- The map editor is very powerful, but with a steep learning curve.- The sandbox mode is great. Take as much time as you'd like to build a huge castle and economy, then destroy it.- The game feels very balanced and well tested.- The game is way less buggy than any of the other SH games.The Cons:- That being said, the achilles heel of Firefly; the game is still slightly buggy. When you have a small studio making massive games, it's bound to happen. Overall, the game is significantly less buggy than previous renditions, but below I list a few bugs I've found.- Perhaps they do this for balancing / to add to the difficulty, but the AI gets free troops. I've monitored the 'greatest lords' menu, see an opponent with 0 - 10 gold, but mass building an army right before an attack, or building catapults and walls no issue. I've leveled granaries and churches, yet no citizens flee their work stations. That was always a nice part of SH2, you could kill someone by cutting off their economy and preventing them from creating new soldiers. Really felt like a siege.- There's not as much depth (perhaps that's my SH2 bias). The skirmish trail is great, but once you beat them all, well, you beat them. You can spend time building in free play, but I hate how they limit it to one siege at a time, and they don't let you pick where the siege comes from.- They removed the free roaming camera. Before, you could look top down, zoom way in or out, or change angles, which was useful for video making and for castle building.Bugs I've found:1. When I build large castles, I like to set units to patrol, one because it looks cool and two for functionality. However, the path finding messes up and they won't 'reach' their destination, thus stopping their patrol.2. Sometimes, you can build walls that are not passable and not even know it. If it is too close to a cliff, if there is a small rock or brush underneath, or if the ground is uneven, it will still let you place the wall but you can't access it. Either don't let us place the wall, or let us access it. The same goes for towers; I could only place 1 archer on a tower because half of it was over a rock which I didn't even realize.3. Speaking of walls near cliffs, I love that I can build my walls right into a cliff, however this causes problems when I'm on a plateau and trying to build my wall close to the edge to maximize my space. Sometimes, a wall will get built underneath the plateau, but it will be invisible, so you can't delete it or build above it. I noticed this playing the sandbox mission with all the bandit camps.4. I constantly get peasants who say they can't access their work building, yet they will either be in the building running it or just stand there even though it is clearly accessable. Usually deleting and rebuilding the building works, but it's a waste of precious resources.5. Every now and then, the game just crashes. It does this on both of my gaming systems, usually after an hour or two of play.6. Some troops don't seem to engage in combat correctly. For instance, when I put pikemen in ""Guard"" mode, they put their spears down, but units run literally right through them.7. I have trouble running with 3 monitors. Either the cursor goes out of bounds, or it gets locked on the wrong display. Putting it in and out of windowed mode seems to fix it, but it's annoying that I have to do that every time I load.8. VERY annoyingly, the AI can build anywhere... Including on top of your buildings. In one of the missions where you are allies with two 'Rats', I had a large wall around my castle, yet every time the Rat would go to siege, he would build his siege camp RIGHT in the middle of my walls. Once his camp was gone, the walls would come back, but any archers on top of the walls would be on the ground beside him. Also, I've had enemy AI place their stone masons and pitch diggers right next to or replacing mine, even if I had troops near by.In 2005, I bought Stronghold 2 in stores (back when people still did that) and instantly fell in love. I played it for hours on end; even built a respectable youtube following with over a million views from my SH2 videos showing advanced map building techniques, mods, and fight videos. I became hooked, and branched out and have purchased every game in the series, and will continue to do so to support Firefly and, occasionally, find gems like this. No game is perfect, but if you lower your expectations, this game is great for what it is and will definitely provide hours of fun."
76561197996107667,Not Recommended,232890,14656216,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,DWIGHT K. SCHRUTE,My favorite part was when the AI rebuilt their entire fortress in under one second and the AI kept repeating the same thing over and over and over and over. Luckily the game crashed to my library where I realized I had far better games. Thanks Stronghold! Lots of potential but overall lack luster5 beets out of 10
76561197986365521,Recommended,232890,12224208,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Diarrhea Cactus,"Stronghold Crusader II is a game developed by Firefly Studios in a long line of the Stronghold series.  First, some background on me.  I was playing games when DOS was still around and when Age of Empires 1 was the new thing on the MSN gaming zone.  My video game history encompases every genre but primarily focuses on Strategy games, FPS games, and the occasional RPG.  Stronghold 1 and Stronghold Crusader were essentially the same game with a different atmosphere and some unit changes.  Both were excellent games and the sucessors to follow did not so well.  Stronghold 2 was mediocre at best, the fantasy mythic Stronghold and Stronghold 3 were bad.Firefly split from their old publisher and became their own, just as many developers are doing these days because publishers like to add their two cents to game they know nothing about.  Stronghold Crusader II takes what the original did and improves upon it further.  The music and sound and very similar from the first and well done.  Some of the original quotes from the units are still there as you move your catapults and archers.  The villagers no longer speak to you when you click on them, instead it simply tells you what they are doing.One of the things that made Stronghold so great for me back in the day was destroying the castles and watching the walls crumble.  The massive armies going at it with each other and heads rolling.  The physics in this game are much improved as to be expected.  When catapults slam their boulders into a wall bodies standing near the point of impact are screwed.  See those thirty archers in a tight group?  Well now they are at the bottom in a pile where they belong.  Trebuchets have great range and destructive power and still need to be setup while the catapults have less range and can be shot by archers. Overall the military feels well done, especially that mace men frenzy charge that leaves nothing standing as they spit and scream their way into battle.While on the topic of military, some things have been reworked.  The laddermen are gone, which wasn't really a surprise, who ever used them anyways?  Moats and tunnelers have also been removed. At the time of this review sieging a castle isn't an easy task.  Strongwalls are not an option but the time it takes for any military unit to chip away at a wall or gatehouse isn't worth that route.  Almost your entire military force would be dead while they were picking away at the walls.  While I would still like the strongwall option, it works well as it stands.  As said before, catapults, trebuchets that fire boulders, cows, camelheads, and pigs, a bigger version of a catapult, rams, firecarts, and troop carriers are all the siege units.Archers have remained the same but the crossbows no longer use animal hide as armor.  The swordsmen are still slow but the knights can get horses to get them from point A to point B quickly.  There is a new unit called the Sergeant at Arms which gives a bonus to troops within an area of effect, this can boost your other swordsmen, pikes, or whatever else you got nearby.  Of course, the higher military units cost a fortune to field but can essentially soak up arrows while your catapults lay waste to the walls and mace men haul tail into the base to wreck everything.While building a military you will notice that you run out of gold quick unless you run an efficient economy.  Churches, breweries, and extra rations are all ways to keep your citizens happy to so you can generate more taxes.  The market will let you auto-sell and/or auto-purchase items.  This can be set as high or as low as you want.  Iron, stone, wood, pitch, all the basic resources sell for the least while the armors and weapons sell for the most.  Unlike the previous Crusader game, Inns providing ale do not need to be spammed but rather you adjust how much ale is consumed much in the same way as you would food.  This will increase happiness to get you the desired level but just make sure you have the hops farms and breweries to accomodate the usage level.  Churches act in much the same way in that you only need one but have to provide them with candles.  Once again, here you can adjust how many candles are used for the desired happiness.So far I have played through the tutorial and the lionheart campaign.  The story isn't that great but the game does a good job at preparing you for harder battles.  Some are so difficult that if you don't complete the level quick enough the army forces become so numerous it is a massive chore to keep them at bay while you invade.  Additionally, I have played many skirmish matches, which is where the game is at for me.  I like setting up from scratch and playing massive 4v4 battles.  The game hosts 8 players, human or computer.  As in the old ones, the rat is the worst player while the wolf and some of the new comers bring a better challenge.  I have only had one crash to the desktop at the time of this review and that was right after intial installation and launching of a skirmish.  I loaded that same map again a second time and it worked fine.That brings me to the bugs.  Most people were holding off on this game because of the reputation Firefly has.  Since Firefly is now technically a ""indie"" developer as they separated from their publisher, I would like to take away the fears of  purchasing this game.  Other than a few issues with selecting units or them getting stuck in a gatehouse I haven't had any issues.  Below are my specs just in case you are wondering and want to compare.i5-2500k OC'd to 4.4 Ghz16 GB of G Skill Ripjaws RAMDual 7970 RadeonsEVGA FTW Motherboard2 OCZ Vector SSDs in RAID 01200 Watt PSU gold from CorsairH100i CPU CoolerWith that setup I have no issues.  Some people have reported problems while others have not.  I am not sure how well they maintain their computer or what they have going on, as a system is going to be different from the next.  I run a tight ship on mine and have zero problems with running the game.Final Thoughts:Stronghold Crusader II is a well designed game that is being constantly updated with both fixes and soon to be new content.  On their forums they have laid out a plan on how they wish to progress with supporting this game.  It appears as though their heart is where it should be and a fleshed out game was designed.  Is it worth 50 dollars is the next question?  I would say no, 30 or 40 dollars maybe but not 50.  There isn't enough new content to justify the price but if you are a big fan of the original then price might not matter much to you.  I waited for 24 hours and looked at what people were saying before I purchased the game.  I hope this review helps you decide for yourself but please watch YouTube videos of the gameplay and try to find the glitches some are talking about and the ones I spoke of.  If any of that puts you off, give it a week or two then come back."
,Not Recommended,232890,16557148,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Duckroll,"NEGATIVES:- Sound is recycled from the original Stronghold, which is 14 years old.- Soldiers will not obey your commands, most of the time forgetting what they were told and rushing off to do something entirely different after 20 seconds. It's like herding cats.- Clicking is very fiddly- Campaign is extremely short and uninspired.POSITIVES:+ Steam now allows refunds"
,Recommended,232890,25238773,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Aeroplane,"I feel this game gets a lot more flack than it deserves.Is it as good as Crusader 1? Of course not. Is it worth $50? Certainly not. But for $10 I've had a blast with my friends playing co-op custom skirmishes. I can't speak for the single player aspect as my favorite part of any SH game has been the custom skirmishes, but I can say I enjoy the updated graphics and new troops in Crusader 2.Yeah, it's a bummer that they left out some of the troops from Crusader 1.Yes, there is the ocassional bug or random crash.But for it's current price of $7.49, and with some friends, I would certainly recommend this game.(I also adore the ability to start multiplayer matches via Steam, wish they would patch the other SH games to include this functionality so I wouldn't have to fiddle around with Game Ranger anymore!)EDIT: You haven't lived until you and your friends put your lords in a single push cart and watch them patrol your kingdoms in style."
,Not Recommended,232890,28811190,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Notloc,"I really wanted to like this because I loved the original Stronghold Crusader, but daaaaaaaamnnnnn the AI is♥♥♥♥♥♥Long story short:The AI processes WAY WAY WAY too fast (We're talking fully built castle in 3 seconds) and doesn't have to deal with resources, meaning they are free to spam attack you at all times and they never really let up.Its not really fun, its just stupid I guess...It's not terrible if you play against friends though, so unless you and some buddies are looking to play together I'd stay away :(DISCLAIMER: I won't rule out the possibility I'm just♥♥♥♥♥♥at RTSes but I can win in Stronghold Crusader 1; in this one, I can't even get a foothold."
76561198167517748,Not Recommended,232890,31103314,Posted: 12 April,all,ashwinsantos,"Stop, dont go any further. If you were considering this game wether it is worth a purchase. Ill tell you right now, it is definitely not.Its a piece of trash garbage game that was forcefully defacated unto the faces of its true loyal supporters and fan base, the people who brought you the orignal Stronghold that was beloved and missed were long gone during the unholy birthing of this atrocity.I have played and deconstructed every stronghold and dozens of rts games back in the day and know what it was about each game that people adored and what it was that people despised.Stronghold Crusader 2 is the 8th game out of the franchise and a sequel to a release that came out 12 years ago, despite the huge gap between the 2 games. It is unquestionably clear that the predecessor is the better game out of the 2.Newcomers to the Stronghold franchise may not be able to tell the severe lack in development, innovation and progress within the newer titles and most of the old core supporters and fans of the series are overwhelmingly biased and blinded by nostalgia to properly give a straight and honest answer/review of the game.This is where i come in, i payed full price for this indie developed garbage that was spewed out by a studio that was on the brink of bankruptcy. I was one of those loyal supporters, i remembered when the developers required financial help and requested their fanbase for financial support to fund the development of the game.And when the day came, Crusader 2 was launched. Thankfully it fared better than Stronghold 3, it wasn't a horrendous glitchy bug filled infestation that its older brother was.It was fairly polished and seemed decent at the time, only to realize that a decade wide gap between predeccessor and successor was closed and fully explored in less than 10 minutes... 10 MINUTES!There is literally almost nothing new about Crusader 2, it is the most barebones sequel to have ever been developed. It has the most reused and recycled content and material out of any video game i have seen.-Units-Dialogue-Buildings-Combat-SountracksSountracks are unremarkable, graphics are a joke and despite sticking to a simple 3d game engine the game is poorly and laughably optimized.For 15 ♥♥♥♥ing years this franchise has been around and yet we see the same ♥♥♥♥ing basic units in every single game, ♥♥♥♥ing archers, spearmen, macemen, and swordsmen.Archers, spearmen, macemen and swordsmen, again, again, again and again.There is no variation, the game is deprived of creativity and has been picked bone dry.The developers had a true and rare 2nd chance to re-spark and breathe new life into the franchise, Steam is a good and cheap platform for them to launch their game and they could have followed up on issues and add on future content and it was a great way to receive feedback and ideas to help the game grow and develop.But once again. They proved their inabilty to give a ♥♥♥♥ and they took the fans money and ♥♥♥♥ed right off, they could have made the game better with proper dlc, instead of adding much needed new units, soundtracks, buildings, mechanics, animals, maps, storyline, diplomacy system.They just added apparently new enemy characters with different castle designs and a change in tactics and military approach.It is almost inhumanly inconceivable as to how little of an effort the studio put in, in order to crank out these pallete swapped enemies for the dlcs.Despite being the latest installment for the stronghold series, Crusader 2 will only future a handful of new units:-Sasanid Knight-Templar Knight-Sergeant At Arms (Status effect unit: Buffs Armour)-Conscript-Ranger (Hybrid Unit, archer+swordsmen/ costly and ineffective)-Slave Driver (Status effect: Buffs Slaves)-Healer-Whirling Dirvish (Employs the strategy of a 5 year old to deal damage)(Has 2 swords and spins in circles)(facepalm)(OP,pls nerf)This may seem alot to the uninitiated but it does not come close to the content value and depth of previous titles.Economy and production are nearly identical to previous titles, it has not been tweaked or improved upon over the 10 year period. Just slapped on with new paint and good to go for the next new release.Castle life simulation has been dialed down to non-existant, no morality system nor a justice system. Stronghold was inaddition to being an Rts game was also a castle sim. To simulate life in a castle, which Crusader 2 does not have... at all.It abandoned that aspect of the game altogether cause it hopes to deliver a more combat and military focused gaming experience which it also fails miserably since Crusader 1 could provide both without issue and due to the mind numbingly dull and poorly balanced units and unit variety.Sync kills animation is not something to be seen here, only present in total war and dawn of war at the moment.Building variety has also been carried over from the previous title, each building has been redesigned ofcourse but the function and purpose remains unchanged.There is no new buildings to be built and there is no variety for the current existing buildings.Also buildings are still built instantly, i will let this one slide since Stronghold has been doing that since 2001, but for some reason it just looks weird seeing square 3d buildings magically manifest and appear out of nowhere in Crusader 2.Castle towers feel like there are made out of styrofoam and walls feel like they are mostly composed off millions of lego pieces, seeing that a single catapult is more than capable of demolishing a 10 layer thick wall. Why bother?Castles can only be built by 1 type of stone, no wooden walls or wooden garrisons nor any upgrade or improvement systems for structures.Castle traps are lack luster and shamefully lacking compared to its predeccesor Stronghold Legends.Farming buildings remain unchanged the basic 4 foods are still around: bread, fruit, meat, cheese. There is no variation with each food either and production for consumables remain the same. 4 farms, a baker and a windmill is all you need and is all thats available to you.I would continue to♥♥♥♥♥♥on this game but there isn't much to♥♥♥♥♥♥on to begin with, everythings the same. Everything that was good was left out and everything that was added in and remained was lackluster, uninspired and resonates tedium.The devs didnt even bother to further optimize the game to enable those with weaker lower end pcs to be able to play smoothly. Even with graphics set to lowest frame rates were still choppy, inconsistent and unstable. Gameplay is a joke for a game that was released in 2014.Do your self a favour and do not purchase this game, i wish i had written this review sooner. Do not trust any reviewer or any fan that says this is an 8 out of 10 game. ITS NOT.To the uninitiated it should not be scored higher than a 5.5 out of 10 let alone 8, and if you are a die hard Stronghold veteran like my self who is not blinded by nostalgia, you will know what Stronghold could have been and what Stronghold was, and that this shameless piece of thrash is deserving of nothing more than a 3.5 out of 10.FINAL VERDICT: Roomies with Stronghold 3 in video game hell.DONT BUY IT!"
76561198211120891,Not Recommended,232890,34362469,Posted: 19 August,all,Ensrick,"If you've played Stronghold Crusader or Stronghold Crusader Extreme: the best sim builder / RTS games  in existence, then you might be way excited about this game.However, if you've played the frustrating cluttered unpolished mess that was Stronghold 2 or Stronghold Legends, or the buggy, defective, retrograded Stronghold 3 which lacks multiplayer and skirmish modes, then you'll be more apprehensive. You'll know that the games simply don't work on this 3D style engine the way they did on the 2D one. Yet, Firefly won't stop trying to force it to work. Now, Stronghold Crusader 2 is better than Stronghold 2, Stronghold Legends and Stronghold 3 combined and yet it isn't half the game the original was. It's still somewhat buggy but what really gets me is how the combat and economy simply can't be enjoyed due to the fact that they either detract from one another or pigeon-hole you into just one boring play style.I can't enjoy the campaigns or skirmishes. The game tries to force me to use tactics that don't work. Almost everything in the game is fairly useless except for hordes of siege weapons, knights, sergeants archers and crossbowmen. This forces you to utilize one or two different play styles. Besides, the original game was bad enough at this. In the original you'd win by using hordes of shields, horse archers, ballistae and knights with just maybe some pikemen to fill in the moat and macemen to slay the lord.I can't enjoy the combat. It's still just a few seconds to tear down a wall like tissue paper. Then the troops merge into a single point like a deck of cards and then in about 2 minutes you're either victorious or you're spending another 4-5 hours building the next wave.I can't enjoy the economy. There's no option hold banquets or jousts. There's no option to be a cruel evil lord or a good big softy. It's not as though these play styles worked to well in previous games, but one can hope. To run the economy, you simply horde a diverse array of resources and use them the exact same every time.This game manages to add on the mistakes of previous games and then adds more issues by trying to squeeze almost the exact same sort of format into a 3D engine with some additional features that only serve to frustrate by adding to the amount of micromanaging required. Do yourself a favor and don't waste money on this game till it finally ends up where it's destined, the 5$ bin."
76561198044832225,Not Recommended,232890,34047468,Posted: 5 August,all,Megatron,"I grew up with Stronghold and Stronghold Crusader so I was very disappointedwhen I saw that Firefly Studio just released a copy of Stronghold Crusader witha few unnecessary additions and so called ""better graphics"".This game really lacks all the good things from the first Stronghold Crusader.Gameplay has not changed much it has actually become worse compared to Stronghold Crusader.A few new units and AI's thats bascially all there has been added.The AI's behaviour is just poor to say it in a polite way.(Btw most of the new AI's have to be purchased as DLC.)Random events were added to skrimish mode which was copied from Stronghold Legends.Random events are probably just an replacement for the crime system fromStronghold 2. I think the random events are unnecessary in skirimish mode.The game has really been overhyped because of the ""good graphic"". I think the 2d graphicfrom the first 2 Strongholds looks still better than this games graphics. The performance was also annightmare, not sure if patches have fixed the memory issue and crashes.This game has totally lost the Stronghold vibe. It feels more like a cartoon rather than a medievalRTS.I do NOT recommend this game. I purchased this game right after release and I must really say I still feelgreat regrets for wasting so much money on this game.People who are interested in medieval RTS games should purchase Stronghold and Stronghold Crusader.These two strongholds are up to this day by far the best Stronghold games in my opinionMost of the other Stronghold games have been just a huge disappointment.I hope this review has been helpful.I sincerely apologize for an spelling or grammar mistakes."
,Not Recommended,232890,17965689,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,MacAndrews,"If you're here because you loved the first one, you've come to the wrong place. I bought the game of that very reason and it was a mistake. I thought to myself after reading the reviews (pretty outdated) that they had improved the game since the release, this is cleary not true. Bugs, fps drops and game crasches has been a threat to me. I have tried to like it but it dosn't have the same feeling as the first one. I'll just return to Crusader 1."
,Not Recommended,232890,12209823,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,BakaPoon,"I loved the Stronghold crusader 1 as a kid, so as soon as i saw Crusader 2? i hit the instabuy button.Boy was that a bad idea after playing the game.(i havent touched the multiplayer so i wont comment on that part)I'll list some of my pros and cons about the game so far:Cons:------------- In General ------------------------------Menu, really simple (looks too ""clean/old fashioned"") [maybe just me? but thats what i thought]-Artwork, Seems a little simple and cartoony for this sort of game.-Options, Severe lack of options customisation! No controls changing! No advanced graphic settings (for a 2014 game).-------------Moving to gameplay now----------------Unit Pathfinding sucks. utter terrible. (could be improved with a patch so wouldnt worry too much)-Wall building system is terrible, i could place a wall then try to delete and not work.the wall is still there! (probably a bug)-No moats! What happened to Crusader 1's moats??-Everything is over simplified by a lot compared tot he original.-No tooltips or explanations ( have to look on game wiki but i think the devs are being lazy here)-Graphics in general,Textures are horrible! for a 2014 game-LESS buildings than the original, YES, LESS STUFF, (isnt the point of a sequel is to expand the original?? not take stuff out!)-Maps arent well designed, not many trees, not enough grass etc.-Expensive! Everything is so expensive and selling doesnt get you much, (maybe needs a balance)-They got rid of the happiness, decorations system! (sandbox without decorations?! thats suicidal)-Units dont look as good as they should for a 2014 game, (maybe i should include this in graphics?)-Right/left clicking was weird, cant change controls for these.-Building against a natural ditch or water doesnt work very well, wall might cut off randomly without the battlements.-Natural disasters!! Who the heck thought it was a good idea to include this??! (well at least you could turn it off xD)-Did they recycle voices from the original? (i dont really mind but might not sit well with some people)Pros: ( lets end witht he happy stuff)-AI changes were much better than the original, although they still fall for the same tricks used in the original.-Likes the market auto sell system!, nice touch!-Got the same old Crusader 1 feel to the game!-Liked some of the new defensive attachments.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Somethings devs might want to consider:-INFORMATION! Add more tips!-When your resources are low make it blink or something!-Can still repair walls instantly while enemy blowing up walls with trebs.-Add moats back in.-Maybe try some better graphics? ( dont know if its possible at this point).Also just a note to the devs!We love your work, we dont mind how long it takes to come out, be it 10 years or 20 years but please make it a great game worthy of the firefly title. I know you guys can do it from seeing crusader 1. Keep up the good work!Shroompat out."
,Not Recommended,232890,12816174,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Cleetus (bone hurting juice),"Stronghold Crusader 2 offers very little change from the previous Crusader (2001). Hardcore fans and achievement hunters will be the only ones who will appreciate SC2. The ""Campaign"" trails are back from the original. They offer no more than a series of AI skirmish challenges that vary in difficulty. There's a dozen or so tutorial missions the have some kind of ""Narrative"" but I use that word loosely.Melee Fighting: Winning consists of massing a blob of units into another player's castle to kill thier avatar ""Lord."" I say ""blob"" because the units clip into each other It's not pleasing on the eyes when a group of a hundred pikemen can't be distinguished between a single guy. To make matters worse, during a fight they all clip into smaller blob. To make matters EVEN worse, a well placed pitch pot can decimate a group of hundreds.Castle Smashing: The castle walls are no more than ten feet high and seem as strong as paper mache't. A few catapults can blast through a wall very quickly.  Probably why they removed ladder men and seige towers from the previous games. They added ""ragdoll"" physics, when a unit is arrowed they will tumble off the wall, if their foot doesn't get stuck and trap them hanging like maniquins for a few seconds before they disappear. When a tower falls with units on top the ragdoll levitates like Wil-e- Coyote holding up a sign before they fall to the ground.Themes: The music is the only thing done right. Really great Crusade feeling soundtrack. As for the two religions, a lot of care was taken to avoid controversy. The Islamic Saracens dont eat the ""pig"" food ration (they grow sheep farms instead) and don't drink Ale, another handicap seeing as how they can't gain the happines benifits from Bars, and no other feature was put in place instead. Churches and Mosques are only distuinguishable from a little moon and star above the Mosque.TL:DR= Only for fans of Stronghold. a lot of features done poorly, none really dont right. It's old Stronghold with new spit polish. Nab it on a sale and knock out the generous achievements."
,Recommended,232890,28471452,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Sirian,"TLDR:The gameis great. Most negative reviews are from fans of the Stronghold series and how this game lacks some features that were in other Stronghold games.I heavily recommend this game.Get it on sale, I've heard prices drop under 10USD which is well worth the game compared to this hefty buck.-------------------------------------------First off, I spent my whole childhood playing the Stronghold series, while it may put you off that I lack hours to form a proper review, I can assure you that I have spent hundred of hours on previous titles.Negative reviews of this gamewill put you off, however what players need to understand is that this gameIS GOOD, the negative reviews are from fans of the series that are disapointed with how this game was made as there are a lot of features they expected this game to have from Stronghold Crusader & Stronghold Crusader Extreme.So should you get this game? Definitely, note that the community is small but it has to grow.When this review was written there is an average of 300 users online at a time.How is the gameplay? The gameplay isgood, however if you've played and enjoyed the previous Stronghold Crusader then gameplay may fall short in some places."
76561198071821656,Not Recommended,232890,23422848,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,haXed,"Note: Bought the game on special, but it was on my wishlist.What a sorely disappointing game. They did a few things right - credit granted. However, the negative aspects of the game clearly beat up the positive aspects... without much re-consideration. If you're a fan of the Stronghold series then sure, go spend your hard-earned dollars. You might enjoy it. I, however, did not.Update:Here's the thing: If you're looking for a remake of Stronghold Crusader, then this most likely isn't your game. If you're looking for a cool RTS, then you could have some fun. There's a few buggy issues with the game which I'll log throughout my experience with it. I would, however, only recommend buying this game on SPECIAL. It definitely isn't worth the normal retail value.5.5/10.Mission: Saladin Learning Campaign 4Collected the 500g cache behind the first wall. The gold cache registered as collected as the ""pop-up"" was visible.Condition: I used a catapult to knock down the wall and charged a Sassanid Knight in to collect it. At first, it wouldn't register as I assumed it was because there were enemy players near it? However, as I ran my knight out it did. This leads be to believe that A) The enemy got it, or B) It didn't work in the aforementioned condition.Result: My gold did not increase by 500.Note: The timer on that mission is impractical (Medium difficulty). I always manage to make it to the last gate as the timer runs out. This was after trying both routes (high-ground and low-ground).-----------------------------------------------------Update: 16/06/20161) The enemy (i.e. The Rat) is able to create units WITHOUT an armoury. This is further applied to having no GOLD available either, as we know it requires gold to produce units. I monitor his resources through the greatest lord panel.2) Trebuchets are highly effective siege units. However, the trebuchets damage versus an armoury is rather disappointing. It requires upwards from 10 direct hits for the armoury to be destroyed, whereas a barracks requires far less than that.3) I’ve noticed that the healers (produced from the mercenary camp) sometimes don’t move after being given an instruction (i.e. to go atop a tower). The unit model implies movement (i.e. he is walking), but there’s no actual movement at all. It’s only until I reissue the command does he do it correctly.4) Enemy magically makes resources appear out of thing air? I’ve noticed this on a few occasions now. This refers to my first point, whereby I monitor his resources through the greatest lord panel. He literally averages below 50g while I’m sieging him, but still managers to buy stone (and all know how &*#$ing expensive that is – which brings me to another point.5) The economy is slightly broken. You can buy wheat from upwards of 150g. However, when selling wheat (presumably a scarce commodity based on the cost price) sells for 5-10g. How did you work that one out? You should implement some sort of economy system (i.e. selling dilutes the market and lowers the value received per quantity. On the other hand, buying wheat creates greater demand thus raising the price). It’s rather simple economics."
76561198065636613,Not Recommended,232890,34506499,Posted: 26 August,all,Craig Ferguson,"The following review is coming from a huge fan of the original games with hundreds of hours in them.Let's dive into it.The wood resource is broken. 20 woodcutter shacks can't keep up with a few farms and hovels.Then they cut all the wood fairly fast and there's no more wood on the map.Enemy is spamming troops disregarding resource.They build their base instantly.The AI is bad.The balance between taxes and population is really thin.The difficulty of the levels is very unbalanced. Sometimes it's straight up broken. The enemy will block his barracks/mercenary camp and will spawn a bunch of troops that are stuck.You are forced to buy wood at start.You are forced to use autosell and autobuy on almost everything, since the resources balance is bad.BUT! You're gonna have to sell things manually constantly because you should not be able to afford a market (500 gold?!) to autosell since you get yourself under constant barrage.Enemy spams slaves to burn your woodshacks at min. 2You're plaing 3v1, Sultana nags you for supplies min. 1 (AI allies are literally of no use)Enemy sends catapults min. 3You will have stone deposits outside your territory that you have little to no way of farming and no way of defending.You gonna have to base your economy around something since you are gonna be lacking certain resource almost every time. Such variety and innovation from the original. I'm stumped.And we got disasters now in the game.The confirm button is messed up.Override saved game is directly above the surrender button. It's kinda reacting slow so you think it didn't register, so you click again... aaand yeah, you figured out the rest.Esc button does not do anything, you gotta press a darn button to back.Cancel and exit buttons are switched. Unintuitive.Often times unit orders get lost, units get deselected, all kinds of weird stuff.Selecting single units is virtually impossible.Manning carts is a pain.Patrol function seems broken.Stance is definitely broken.Can't select units with the RTS stamples that have been CTRL and SHIFT since ancient times.No attack move.No shift queue.You disable speech - there's still forced speech. Set music to 0%, restart game - have music again.With the ammount of enemy spam the no repair/build mechanic when enemies are around feels broken.Even normal difficulty is too hard. No way you can micromanage everything in the correct order even on Normal, unless you're a god or replay the scenario 10 times.I'm not a god, but once I spent 4 hours on a single mission... With having hundreds of hours of experience in the original games.I tried to give this game a chance but it's not happening. You struggle, you struggle, then you figure out the puzzle, the only possible way to complete the mission.Screw that. And if you don't figure it out in time and just mange to survive, the struggle ends all of a sudden and you just win, because the enemy is out of resources.There's no back and forth, no drama. You lose immediately or you live long enough and win without a fight.Half the achievements are from their DLCs (which dont get discounted under 50% ever). That's the cherry on top for me. We should not support bad business practices, especially not when they are paired with a crappy game.- cons: all of the above.- pros: you can rotate the ****ing camera 360 degreesWhat a pile."
76561198001528989,Not Recommended,232890,26752693,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Tengil,"I dont understand why they dont just take everything that was good about the first games and use it in their new games...and i sure as hell dont unnderstand how you can fail at making a worthy sequel 3 times in a row...If you loved the feeling and immersion of Stronghold 1 and Strondhold: Crusader 1 like i did with the awesome voice acting, peasants with personalities, the dirty medieval setting... dont come looking for it here. ive lost all faith in firefly studios and wont be buying any more games from them..."
76561198197031470,Not Recommended,232890,29395120,Posted: 21 January,all,AleAek,"""Stronghold"" and ""Stronghold Crusader"" are the only good ones.  Too bad, I'd love to see any good 3D version, all 3D titles who dropped the Isometric graphics aren't worth it."
,Not Recommended,232890,12919437,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Gizmo,Extremely dissapointing and lacking the feel of the original. Realese version feels more like a demo as the options are heavily limited in comparison to its predecessor.
,Not Recommended,232890,12193299,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Baron,"The Good:-Game is functional and has little completely FUBARness like wolves climbing ladders.The Bad:-AI cheats up the wazoo, but is not actually more challenging-The graphics. The game only barely looks better than Stronghold 2, a game released in 2004. The models are off proportion and rather amateurish, and the art ranges from passable to horrid.-Random events negatively impact your popularity. Who honestly thought this was a good idea?-No real innovation. The only new things here are the Templar Sergeant, the Slave Driver, the Arabian equivalent of the Crusader Knight, that stupid♥♥♥♥♥dude with the dreadlocks, the War Wolf (which is just a catapult with more HP) and the Hussite Clown Car. Weather is new, but it serves no purpose other than to hinder progress.-No collision detection in an RTS. As a result, melee fights degenerate into blobs of stacked units flailing about.-The UI. Why whoever designed the UI chose to ignore the perfectly sensible UI seen in the first two games and decide that the best solution would be spread all relevant information to the far corners of the screen is anyone's guess.-The game is missing quite a few things from the first(Siege Towers, etc)Conclusion:This game is bad buy Stronghold Crusader HD"
76561198022018964,Recommended,232890,12193752,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Stylistic Sagittarius [NL],"As a Fan of the crusader series, it pained my heart to see stronghold crusader seen dripping down with stronghold 2, stronghold legends(junk), and stronghold 3 (you even dared to publish that?).the bad stuff:However i think the graphical issue has been improved even tough some things are VERY unrealistic; units glide over the terrain. Mounted siege equipment does not need engeniers and the woodne construction magicly comes to life. The smelter now has limited only 2 engeniers?? many of the figthing soldiers and some shooting soldiers were the animations simply don't match.And some game mechanics...Stronghold 2 had some of the best ideas that simply had to be balanced to working conditions...-The crime scene easely could been implanted if it was not so complicated and big.-The lords kitchen with parties (and the lords wife!) in the keep was so magnificent (but leave it there cuzz when the lord leaves the keep the problem with stupid sneak attacks is to great) ashame to not do that! You could have easely made him eat the same food as your peasents and give a bonus in gold or popularity or somehting like that when you feast. In SH2 it was also awsome to see the armys march first into the keep on the stairs and only then upstairs.-The removal of fear factor is realy a shame since everyone wants to pick the side of either the evil lord or the good lord with both its benefits and penalties.-The original mechanic of priests was so creative why do you have to make it almost the same as the inn?Converting peasents lead to some care over the population this game initially don't want you to care about.-The houses are way to big or they should have had more people living in them (like double or so)-Farms are to small and to less productive. Making a farm bigger and more productive make  amore interesting side.or perhaps just build huts and let workers plant there plants on the land themselfs could also be great-on original SHC it was the same but i still think arabian troops need a weapon cost as well.-i miss the function to flatten ervything so i have a good layout of my castle-better zooming in and out would have bene great-the hoarding on towers is bugged and stays on the same hight as normal walls-Magicly appearing siege camps and magiccly let an entire army of catapults purr out??? seriously i tought you had learned your lesson about that! when someone is not paying attention and you build a siege camp behind there castle evrything lies in ruins in less then 30 seconds... The engeniers system like in SHC1 was fine it only needed to be able to build easyiers more siege equipment. p.s. NO ladders??? no siege towers????? no Moat??? wtf!!!Also the city simply didn't feel as lively as the original stronghold crusader did. Everything goes to slow the peasents jobs are very boring and the city is pretty empty. The original crusader had problems with not being able to build over people but it least it had mothers caring over children, children playign around, drunkers getting wasted and simply more people that did more interesting stuff, Let people enjoy your castle to... (the apothacary could have been healing your lord and your peasents and make him wandering about). The economy also goes far to slow wich can easily be solved by doubling EVERY peasents there walking speed and there spawn speed. perhaps an auto create soldiers function could be a great idea toThe good stuff:-Graphics are well updated despites the poor animations.-You can now choose some apearance to your lord and by it how the keep looks. Choosing from christian or arabian lords result in building either square towers or round towers wich is an excelent way to make the castle look instantly diffrent. (if u realy want to spoil fans why not make a custom outfitter to create an own lord with custimizeble loadouts from helmets armor weapons and mantle... Fans would LOVE this)Also the churches for christian lords and mosques for arabian lords are well done(despites there mechanics).-Some units ability's are a good way to increase the way how your soldiers want to react to threats and gives more influence on the outcome of a battle.-Everything is VERY WELL organized really compliments on this one! You can on multiple ways see and adjust some of the most importent things about your economy, also the market with auto buy and auto sell option while you can buy and sell everything from the beginningin there respective storage depot is absolutely well done.-Infinite store space in the stockpile and granery, perhaps unrealistic but for smooth gameplay this is a must and you have did it great! (however the stockpile being a square rather then a straight lane would have been even better!)-How the flying cows, lions, donkeys, and camel head explode on impact when launched from a catapult awsome!!It would have been SO MUCH greater if u used more of the same gore with the fighting troops (meelee fighters cutting other soldiers heads arms and leggs off) I know that in 3d gore is more difficult but it realy could have been better done.-You need only one church and one inn and the effects are custimizeble. This is a good way to keep castles more realistic but it also makes the castle more boring.-You can now create walls without een auto platform for units to walk on, now you can create mulitple layers of walls without auto connecting all of them!-the iron mines are much better done! longer and nice animations but the birng up more iron every turn. (this would also have been great for the stone quarry)-The fact that people always can get to there working spaces due to narrow corridors.-The greater numbers on popularity and economy resources are also much better done-The continious increase of gold true taxes gives you a much better vieuw of how much gold you get from them.-The prices of the market realy encourges you to make everything yourself and not producing to much since selling it is hardly worth it, however it would have been nicer to see a changing market based on what all the people buy and sell in the market to see more rare materials and more common materials result in price change.-Reduces range of archers catapults and averything that fires SHC1 realyt had a problem there with archers that kills people on ranges a sniper rifle would hardley do the trick.So overal i will say i still reccommend this game but i do hope the developers are not going to do something else cuzz this game needs lots of updates and perhaps an expansion or 2-3 before it will be realy good. I thank you!"
76561198029959494,Not Recommended,232890,12914386,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Eladamir,Disappointing game having loved the original Stronghold. Not being able to build out of small and illogical zones is really annoying.
76561198007099913,Not Recommended,232890,18230308,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Herr Ritterkommandant Rahl,"Q:Is this game fun?A:Depends on your definition of fun and if you're looking for a strategic challenge with an embarassingly small array of troop counters and anti-counters, very little expansion of units or abilities from the past games and even smaller amounts of areas to build resource structures on....Q:Is this game bug free after over a year of development, countless DLC releases, and workshop integration?A:No. If anything the user interface and units in general seem buggier than when it was in Beta.Q:Is this game worth the price it is listed as compared to the previous titles you could purchase instead?A:Hell no. I wouldn't purchase this game unless it was at least 50% off like it was during pre-purchase.Q:Why do I play this game?A:Achievement ♥♥♥♥♥. Enough said.Now go buy something else that is actually worth your time and money."
76561198058322502,Recommended,232890,30684233,Posted: 23 March,all,jpave,"A lot of people giving bad reviews because of crashes and bugs. Well it's 2017 and I haven't had the game crash a single time. Nor have I ran into any major bugs. If i'm being honest the original crusaders is better, but I'm a long time stronghold fan and I've still enjoyed playing this game."
,Not Recommended,232890,25136026,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Summarily Executed,"I love Stronghold Crusader, it's a really awesome game and it's very enjoyable. I still play it with my friends, it's really awesome. I was excited for Stronghold Crusader II, updated graphics would be awesome, maybe some more complicated mechanics and new units would be an improvement. But this game takes several steps back from it's predecessor. It doesn't have the same UI tools, such as flattening buildings into a floorplan format for building castles, and rotating builds is increbily clunky. The game has been blakanized into 5 DLC packs, where even your choice in icons is limited if you don't buy all of them. For me personally, I wouldn't buy this game until they seriously patch is and sell all the DLC bundled in one edition for about $30. I already paid way too much for it."
,Recommended,232890,29882509,Posted: 12 February,all,Queen Laeffy,"I bought this game in the sale because I love the Stonghold series. A lot of reviews on here moan about the lack of features and little improvement from Crusader, I was one of those people at first.  I was originally disapointed with some of the removed features such as moats and wasn't blown away initially. However, one of the biggest things for me is that I am more engaged with the skirmishes, the original game I found them to be fairly simple but some are incredibly challenging on normal mode for this new version. Honest advice, I wouldn't pay full retail for it, but if it is in the sale then it is well worth it."
76561198026894177,Not Recommended,232890,28674985,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DomDiaemus,"The 10y old game series, are better than this half baked game ""SHCrusader 2"". Which is just about some what ""better graphics"" but lack of content, paperwalls, unleveled game mechanics, impossible building options such as basic wall up/down a small elevation. For a game as it is, the old versions are alot better game-play."
76561198007246192,Recommended,232890,12585550,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Achilleslastand,"This is my updated review for SHC2 after 3 patches and 100+ hours of gameplay...The name of the game should have the word"" redemption"" attached to the title because it is exactly that. Leagues better then SH3, better then SHL and a tad better then SH2.With the exception of a few crashes in multiplayer the game does run very well on my system.AMD 83508 Gigs Ram@1600Gigabyte HD 7870 2GBWindows 7/64While the graphics are not top notch nor cutting edge for a castle sim/medieval warfare title they{especially coming from a small gaming studio} are more then adequate.The gameplay is quite simple......Build a castle/ecomony as well as an army then go looking for something to kill. While the game is fun in single player i do consider multiplayer to be where its at and it is interesting seeing all the different build and play styles that players have to offer.The game while good is not perfect and still needs some small balance and bug issues addressed. Knights cannot cross bridges w/o dismounting their horses which is odd considering that trebuchets can and they weigh more.Multiplayer also needs some small balancing issues as it stands right now it is way to easy to get a thriving economy using candles/bread/ale. Dervishes also seem to be a bit OP.Ideas for the future....As far a s DLC goes a European map pack/unit pack would be something i would definetely get behind. More lush green forested maps......longbowmen possibly added as a unit.For my review after 100 hours of gameplay and 3 patches i hereby give SHC2 a....8.3/ 10Depending on future updates/DLC this number can easily rise."
76561198038468400,Recommended,232890,23403021,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,DaKandyman14,"I am a huge fan of the Stronghold series. Please keep the games coming :)... I do however have a small concern with the balance of the AI on Stronghold Crusader 2. I am mainly a single player person and prefer to play skirmishes with computer lords (AI) only. I have noticed during games with computer lords that the computer lords are able to spend/use gold and resources which they do not even have stored!! This makes playing with AI a little unbalanced and unrealistic :(. This was not the case in the first Stronghold Crusader. To give you an example, at the beginning of skirmishes with computer lords you can see them training troops and completing walls with little to no stone in their stockpile and even with the starting resources set to Low. It also makes it difficult to win sieges in 1v1 matches vs AI as they can immediately rebuild their castles with no stone at all!! Computer lords can attack with very expensive and tough troops during the first 5 minutes of the game due to this....I enjoy the game, I just believe in keeping it fair. Please look into this issue for a loyal customer. Thanks!"
,Recommended,232890,13790062,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Micha!,"Stronghold Crusader 2 is a worth sequel. It had some bugs and crashs at start which got fixed soon. The integration into steam and its workshop is a nice feature.To the game: The ""campagin"" has sadly no real story and it is just skirmish maps. To be fair, crusader 1 was the same.The unit balancing is well made and this game needs more strategy thinking because of the special of the units. It is not just possible to spam one or two unit types to win.I played over 270h now and still like it and it makes fun to play it in multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,232890,25191458,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,AFishTailtoTell,"Overall: Collector/SaleSecondary recomendation: Play the original-Cons:Slight-Medium unbalencement between unitsGlitchyMost of the buildings generally look pretty ungly-Fandom ConsTries to make characters (*Cough Cough* The rat) grow up with you, but miserably failsYou can't get lines from the characters anymoreStronghold 2 looks better than this-Middle RowCore gameplay hasn't changed for the most partLack of variation (Although understandable due to it being an RTS)-ProsNew Units offer great varietyDecent secondary art aesthetic (Secondary being non-gameplay oriented)Music as usual hasn't changed since the original making an excellent atmosphere and vibeI would pick this up if your a collector, but I would just suggest the original for anyone else"
76561198056601252,Recommended,232890,22191265,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Deturos,Great fun 200hrs plus enjoyed every minute
76561198059675666,Not Recommended,232890,32339771,Posted: 11 June,all,phampl,"I played every Stronghold game before, and was a huge fan of the series - even the not so popular ones.At first I was scared beacause of the reviews and waited 'till the game was on sale - you know what? This game is really crap.I can't understand how you can destroy this simple game-concept, but it's just so boring and lame... puh...Just don't buy it. - Play The original Crusader or Stronghold 2 instead."
,Not Recommended,232890,24306828,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Aozn,"For the longest time, I've ignored the ""cheating"" AI because I actually enjoyed the game. How ever I had something happen that I just cant ignore anymore when it comes to cheating AI... The AI built a siege camp right where my wall was, it made the wall disappear and they were able to come in as they wanted. I now longer recomend this game because of this even tho I still like the game.evidence of my issue -http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=724089443"
,Recommended,232890,25282485,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,ʜᴀᴘᴘʏ ʟɪттʟᴇ ʙᴏᴏᴢᴇʀ,"On one hand, it's filled with the sort of sh*t that I've come to expect from Firefly.On the other, it's the best that Firefly did with the Stronghold series since the original Stronghold Crusader.It ain't perfect, even after 4 DLCs still has some annoying bugs, the AI models and messages are completely uninspired, based on over the top stereotypes and the food economy seems to always be either ""BREAD BREAD"" or ""Buy enough apples for 1/2 rations"". On the upsides however, unlike the trainwreck that is Stronghold 3 it's quite playable and has surprisingly well balanced military troops, where no single unit can be considered useless. The AI does also put up much more of a challenge than in the previous games in the series and multiplayer potential is quite high.I say go grab it on a discount, expect as little as you can and you will not be disappointed. Approach it as you would anything that Firefly made."
,Not Recommended,232890,33993448,Posted: 3 August,all,Alexandrz#1990,"This is horrible. This game is such an insult to its predecessor. Seriously, don't buy this game, unless.. unless what? This game still not worth it even with 90% discount.Maybe you'll think this game is good if you haven't played the first game (Stronghold Crusader, but I'll tell you.play Stronghold Crusader instead, there's so many bad things about this game, you can read the other negative review as well. Seriously, this game is a joke, for that price, seriously? WTF is firefly thinking?"
76561198019440815,Not Recommended,232890,12323196,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,[PPC] Bean #OnlyKeyboard,"For those coming from the multiple years of playing Stronghold: Crusader and all its variations, (HD, Extreme) This game fails on what could've been something so much more. Overall, FireFly really just took the game into a different, unsuccessful direction that cripples the game from the start. The failures of this game pile up the longer you play, and you won’t be playing for long.Most of the positive reviews are from players who have never touched Stronghold:Crusader before, and are probably bots being spammed to promote sales. Almost all of the negative reviews you see for this game are from veteran players like myself whose hopes of seeing an even DECENT modern Stronghold game fade away.-What turns me off as a 10+ year Stronghold:Crusader player--Stronghold:Crusader 2 just doesn’t seem like a finished game. Animations aren’t complete, this is most noticeable when watching the Duc Volpe (The Wolf’s) message animations, which are well done and smooth, to the paper mache, 5 frame animation for Saladin.-The game is dumbed down. There are no more moats, engineers, fear factor, decorative items, or laddermen.-The UI is ugly, and appears rushed. This looks like anyone without decent drawing skills could have done the art for the menu screens/ The main menu screen in Stronghold: Crusader looks better than the main menu in 2. The lobby UI for multiplayer doesn’t even show other players in the lobby. While some details are cool, the overall vibe is Aladdin than a brutal strategy game set in crusader times.-The map sizes are so small, they counter this by slowing everyones economies down, to the point where its simply not fun because you have to wait forever to get resources.-Stronghold:Crusader had epic campaigns, and Stronghold: Crusader 2 can only offer 3-5 mission mini stories that don’t feel as grand or as impactful as the original.-The gameplay is slow. This is due to the horrendous changes they made to building costs. 20 Wood for an apple farm is reasonable, but 60 wood for a dairy farm? 100 wood for a mill? How are people supposed to develop economies without falling asleep? You are guaranteed to spend all of your starting gold on wood, or die due to you being crippled by having to wait 10 minutes to collect 100 wood.-Castle building was thrown out the window. This is primarily due to the small map size and new clunky and slow resource mechanics. There are two wall options, thin and regular, and considering how weak walls are, if you want an enclosed keep, you have to spend at least 500-1000 stone, which by the way, will take you half an hour to accrue.-While the graphics are nice, you would be better off playing Age of Empires 3.Those are the primary concerns with the game. Bad gameplay, slow economy development, bad and ugly UI, and an unfinished feel, this game robs hopes of FireFly every making something as epic, or downright fun to play as Stronghold, and Stronghold:Crusader. This game is a horrendous attempt as a successor, and many veteran players would gladly go back to playing the original than wasting their time with this unfinished mess.The anger and frustration in this review comes from the countless failed attempts FireFly has made. Stronghold 2. Stronghold 3, and now Stronghold:Crusader 2 are miserable failures, and it’s hard to comprehend why nothing has changed regarding the production of these sequels to the God-Games, Stronghold and Stronghold:Crusader. $50 is theft for an unfinished game that would never sell if it didn’t have the Stronghold name. I wouldn’t even play this game if it was free.0/10. For $50, they are stealing money from hopeful fans. There is nothing fun or exciting about this game. You are better of buying Stronghold:Crusader HD."
,Not Recommended,232890,25331851,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,"Commander Riker, William T.","I've been a Stronghold fan since the begining. The original Stronghold was one of the first PC games I ever played. Crusader was one of the first games I ever wasted months of life addictively playing. And it's been all downhill from there. Stronghold 2 and Legends were both horrible. Stronghold 3 was respectable attempt at a game, but still it fell way, way short. And then we come to this.Stronghold Crusader 2 might be one of the biggest letdowns of my gaming life. Firefly has officially ruined their Stronghold franchise. They nuetered Castle Building. They threw troops out of balance. They took the balance out of the economy. Building up your economy is so quick and lacking in challenge that its turned tedious and boring.The game almost completely lacks a ""story mode"". The campaigns they do have are a quick joke. And, from what I think I'm observing, All of the single player campaing content is offered as 6 dollar chunks of DLC. It shouldn't matter though, because stronghold is all about skirmishes right? Well they've screwed that up aswell. Their maps all suck. Even the maps that echo some of my favorite Crusader maps are completely ruined. The only maps that are any good are player made, and at least we get workshop to facilitate that(this might be the ONLY thing you could call an improvement over the original crusader). Seige equipment and the whole ""seige camp"" approach over the old engineers guild is garbage. Seige units suck and their too expensive, but simultaniously present themselves as the only way to take on a well built castle which leads me to another thing. You produce way too much, and way too quickly, for the frankly tiny troop caps ive experienced so far. I was, in my second attempt at a skirmish, able to produce enough resources to churn out armies as big as the 250-300 what ever unit cap every 5-7 minutes or so(limited only by how quickly peasants become available). And yet that same army doesn't stand a chance against even a computer oponent unless you pick at them with archers and seige quipment for 15 minutes first. Which the latter makes sense, but if I'm producing resource as quickly as I am, I want to be able to use them to throw 2-3000 unit army at someones walls and watch the world burn. But no.In short, don't buy it, even if you want to complete your steam collection like I did. This game is garbage. You will not get 3 hours of quality entertainment out of it. And it will stain your respect for Firefly and the franchise."
,Recommended,232890,12240582,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,TychoDragon,Stronghold Crusader II asks you a lot of questions. Should I Invest in Iron? should I have Arabic Troops or English? where will my walls be best defended? and what resources do my allies have? The Campaign Is interesting But real strategy lies in skirmish mode. Strategy I have not seen in a lot of games these days. A avid fan of stronghold 1 and crusader I have spent countless hours into those games. I feel the same strategy applies here. Not to mention castle raids feel epic. tower collapse and enemies fall from them. Its everything I wanted from a stronghold remake. If your a fan of medieval warfare I greatly recommend. stacking is a bit weird and AI is not perfect but It feels like a stronghold game should. not like 2 and 3 and that weird one where there was magic and monsters???Stronghold crusader 2 is a must for anyone looking to strategically defend and build a functioning castle in the heart of the crusades.
76561198065088404,Not Recommended,232890,13354366,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,imakeknives,"I thought that Stronghold Crusader 2 would have been a good game as the developers could have remedied the issues that came up in Stronghold 3 and applied it to this game. My hopes have been let down yet again. There is an insane amount of lag like Stronghold 3, when you click on the icons they do not always respond, when you mouse over the icon information like cost and materials does not always pop up, I have had buildings vanish as though I never built them even though the materials are gone, and too many other problems to count. I have wasted my money yet again on this game series. Never again. To hell with those that made this game and to hell with those that gave birth to them. I would recommend spending your hard earned money on something better."
,Not Recommended,232890,28817688,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,//Yanda//,"strong walls are not for single player, is one of the reason i stop playing..."
,Recommended,232890,15096244,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Cottondog,"First off, I'm a HUGE fan of the Stronghold series. Probably one of my all-time favorite RTS games. Stronghold Crusader was one of my all-time favorite games too. Crusader 2, in my opinion is not as good as the original, but still just as much fun. The DLC: The Princess and the Pig added maps, achievements, new characters and a new skirmish trail and added an addition to this game. I usually play through the skirmish trails and single player skirmishes with the AI. I also tried multiplayer and thought it was a lot of fun. I would definetely say this is worth the $50. Don't listen to the nay-sayers, this is a great game and I think its worth every penny. 9/10. Worth buying"
76561198029336245,Not Recommended,232890,30341582,Posted: 5 March,all,Shiro,"Decent game on it's own, sadly has issues like crashing sometimes and a few bugs (troops getting stuck).If you compare this to the original Stronghold Crusader it's worse in every way except graphics.Unless you get it for about 3€ on Sale and may play it with a friend i just cannot recommend this over the original one."
76561198100645177,Recommended,232890,20056944,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,drake.jpg,"I have been a fan of the original Crusader for a very long time and the point of the game is to kill the other player's king or queen. You must build walls, an army, and keep your people happy, safe, and fed. Destroy or be destroied.Shronghold Crusader 2 is a complex-er , better looking *ahem* EXTREMLY better looking, game that is very fun. Learning different strats for different spawing conditions is apealing to me. If you want to find a game where stratigy counts and skill is necessary this is the game for you."
,Recommended,232890,16297065,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Alexander Hamilton,"For someone who's first ever game on the PC and with a love of medieval warfare and so on. The Stronghold franchise is one I have stood by through everything. Sure, there are new, more technical, more advanced games now, with new technology but you can't compare an FPS to a strategy.I started with Stronghold 2 and have played every other game since. You may have seen a lot of negative reviews on Stronghold Crusader II, allow me to counter those reasons.""It's completely different to the first one""- It isn't 'completely different' at all- It has NEW features and units, it would be different- The whole point of a NEW game is that it isn't 'identical' to the previous, why would you buy a sequel that was exactly the same?""It's poorly optimised""- I can run this game in 1080p and keep a solid 60FPS in most cases with all my settings on medium. I have a 3.1GHz processor and a discrete GPU, come on- They recently released a new patch with a huge bunch of optimisation tweaks""I hate it, so will you""- Possibly the most ignorant review ever- If you like Stronghold 2 and you like Stronghold Crusader, you will most likely enjoy this tooThe new features really appeal to me. Not just in-game but lobby personalisation. Allowing you to set certain tradable goods, peace time, teams etc. Sure these were available in Stronghold 3 but the options are far better now.If you are a lover of the Stronghold franchise, then give this game a chance. It's well worth the money, I assure you :)"
76561197971376503,Not Recommended,232890,12980931,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Shiv,"Singly the largest disappointment in distant memory.  I’m a longtime fan of the Stronghold franchise, boy is this game a letdown.    It does have nice graphics, descent sound track and a somewhat intuitive interface, but the game SUCKS!  I’ve played about halfway through the anemic single player campaign, to the point of forcing myself to continue; thinking it has got to get better, but it has not.  There is not AI strategy to speak of and I guess the game developer thought it would be a good idea to slap a turn timer on just about every mission; so much for taking your time and enjoying the game.  I wish I could get my money back, not only because the game play is terrible, but more so, that this team of developers don’t unleash another POS on the public.  Tic-Tac-Toe is a better game."
76561198067228180,Recommended,232890,22207690,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Supahz,"For the -80% sale, this game is a solid deal.I have no interest in comparing this to other Stronghold games, and I don't care if the graphics are a bit dated.  For what I have played, it's enjoyable, and that's basically all that matters... at this price.  The subject matter and RTS style appeals to me in a big way.  Playing during the free weekend made the game a purchase for me.That said, there NO way I'd buy this for the full price.  Maybe I'll change my tune on this after 30+ hours, but not likely."
76561198020017427,Not Recommended,232890,12908137,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Smooth516,"Should have done more research before buying this. The game is awful, combat is clunky and horrible to look at, I can't even build diagonal castle walls! Tooltips lack info and the game is overall not very intuitive.for being a castle sim, theres games that do it better and they're older. Pretty dissapointed by this."
76561198127394653,Recommended,232890,22591449,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,BEBO,"This game is beautiful. Not the best Stronghold Games so far, but still, its beautiful. Endless possibility with map editor, community map is better and absolute bigger map than the previous titles, Castle sim mode is the best, unlimited building, YES UNLIMITED BUILDING, i've gotten to 700 population in castle sim mode and let my peons pay super high tax XD.ignore the bad reviews, if you are truly follows stronghold, you shoul try this one, BE AWARE though if you have slow pc, I do not recommend it. It's going to be a laggy adventure for you."
76561198105017102,Not Recommended,232890,33318750,Posted: 6 July,all,【V】KingOdin,"The biggest dissapointment ever, u can't enjoy this game."
76561198132719751,Recommended,232890,12967711,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Captain,"I'm a diehard fan of the series, lets just get that out of the way. While I am loving Crusader 2, I feel it just hasn't brought all the features of it's predecessor to the table. It's missing the narritives of the original campaigns, and the awesomeness of the old UI. Great game, but I feel like it falls short in some areas. That shouldn't happen, the original came out twelve years ago."
76561198087969552,Not Recommended,232890,15051627,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Mars,"Okay, after 1455 hours of games, making maps, writing guides, training rookies, giving lots of good time for the community, im retired. And even if i had such great fights, I wouldn't recommend to get this game at this moment.All is about Firefly's studio attitude, since this game exists veteran players have tried to obtain a link with  developpers to point on critical updates needed without never any answer.Before thinking about getting this expensive game you must realize that there is no real dev for it, just a young and cheap band of casual market workers ignoring players community."
76561198218946404,Not Recommended,232890,32895145,Posted: 27 June,all,StingingKnave,Not near as good as the First Stronghold Crusader game. I am glad i got this at a discount because it seems as though the ai cheats.
,Recommended,232890,24034823,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Yeliabgunshot,"Stronghold Crusader 2:I told myself after I bought Stronghold 3 that I would never again buy another Stronghold game, but once I saw this game I though I would give it a try.I spent the full 60$ and would do it again. The AI is the best ever seen in a Stronghold game and the graphics are far superior. The new map editor allows the creation of great maps and I have spent 60+ hours on that alone.Warning, do not buy this game if you want a strong campaing, there is only a series of skirmishes and very little/no story line. Also like the earlier stronghold crusaders there are no foods for feasts, and criminal punishments, so do not expect those, as they are special to the Stronghold games NOT Strongold Crusader.9/10"
,Recommended,232890,23463594,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,reedy2k93,"i enjoy playing this game, although the very first stronghold was better there was more things avalble. i would give it 6/10"
,Recommended,232890,12213261,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Mastro2k,"Had a lot of fun playing Co-Op! I think they did a great job with the game. Some requests. So far not one bug. It's NOT SH3 again.I played Co-Op with a friend on Multiplayer and had a blast. I think they did a great job and it takes me back to the begining days of the first one (minus the moats :p). It was fun playing as long as we were on voice chat. Not sure how you could possibly play Co-Op without talking to eachother. One person handled the logistics and the building, while I handled the military aspects. I also built all the miltary devices I needed and they built the walls. I would simply state I need gold for x and wait for my partner to grant it to me.Some minor things:I wish catapults would take out troops. Maybe it needs more testing but it seemed I couldn't use my catapults to take out troops.If you play as co-op on a single team and the host surrenders the game, the second person is left in the game and made host. I think that it should surrender your partner as well but there might be an argument for the way it is now.I would really like to play the Campaign on Co-Op. It would make for a more engaging game, as playing deathmatch gets old after awhile. I'd rather sandbox build with eneimes on the map or play the campaigns with a story line. That would be the ultimate.Over all I like the mechanics and the game play and the controls. I had no issues at all. It's definitely not SH3."
,Recommended,232890,12208153,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,FreezingFire,The “Best Use Of A Farm Animal” Steam Award Nominee
,Not Recommended,232890,22787591,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Muchus,"Positive:>All DLCs are cheaper than the game>Can rotate every angle>Some characters are back in SC2 (love the nostalgia)Negative:>Can't focus on attacking 1 single target>Switching formation is making the movement slow>When attacking using Maceman, they're running fast to approach the enemy>You need at least 1 or 2 space to use the stairs through the wallThis game is dedicated to 1 of my friend. As I enjoyed playing this game, I really wish that firefly could fix the bugs and some errors."
76561198038089874,Recommended,232890,12438141,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Crusader_King_Sam,"If you don't want to buy this game because SH3 sucked... Here is a review for you:This game is nothing like SH3, it's far far FAR better!As you can see from the other reviews and game play, it is a huge improvement and successor to the SH series!Long Live Crusader!"
,Not Recommended,232890,24374857,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,The Scissoring Wizard,"Just play the original, this one isn't as good, sure there are some different types of troops and buildings, but the original is so much better, it doesn't crash all the time and the AI is somewhat competent."
,Not Recommended,232890,33726194,Posted: 22 July,all,Movie,"Lets start here: Firstly I want to say I am very unhappy with the outcome of this game. I payed cheap due to the summer sale. But even so, it didn't deserve the small amount I payed.Ok, gameplay. I like the thought of new troups to make things more interesting. But even THAT you messed up. Most of em you don't even bother using due to the uselessness of them. I personally use archers and pikemen. Sometimes Knights/Swordsmen.And the AI. OH the AI is something that is sooooo broken. The AI Attacks you almost instantly. Stronghold has always been a slower style castle sim. Which I loved from the first stronghold, crusader, legends, (A bit glitchy but still fun) stronghold 2. Somehow this game is worse than Stronghold 3. Like... Really? I thought y'all would learn.Back to the AI for a second here. With the AI, they don't make their castle any larger/better after a certain point. Thus they are easier to fight (If you even made it though the BS start...).And this is saying something: I personally like Stronghold Kingdoms better than this disgrace of a stronghold game. Not to mention you even MADE DLC. Are. You. MENTAL?! 1: Fix your game dammit. 2: Don't make DLC unless the game is great, or the DLC makes the game great. 3: Please go back when your games were actually GOOD. I feel very upset with y'all. Making Stronghold great is hard I know, but you could at least try harder? Maybe put more time and effort into it? One reason some indie games are great because they were worked on for months, years, and so on. So, for once after making two bad stronghold games, could you please actually give it your all Firefly Studios?Welp, until that happens, I won't bother paying or giving you money until you make a bloody good modern Stronghold. Or put enough effort to make it worth while.Good day to ya ♥♥♥♥♥, and hopefully you can do better next time."
76561198044673569,Recommended,232890,12263706,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Scopias,"I reccomended the game because its AWESOMME, stronghold is back. stronghold 3 was a failure in my eyes. this more challenging. Thubs up!      i played all strongholds and this is a master pice from heaven"
76561198004882562,Not Recommended,232890,35089683,Posted: 20 September,all,Fussel,Go play Stronghold Crusader 1... its way better
,Recommended,232890,28217475,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Ghost ム,Dominated this game in my younger days.And it still does to this very day.
76561198044015716,Not Recommended,232890,12664094,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Arturia Pendragon,"Before seeing the not recommended, please read as there is much to talk about. Being such a fan from the Orginal Stronghold Crusader I saw this and bought it thinking it would be new and just as fun as the orginal, sadly I was misguided. The game wasn't even close to my expectations however it does bring back some stuff Iw as thankful for, such as Ai opponents I loved, skirmish mode and crusader trails. However it was missing lots and lots of things (overtiem these could be added) many siege equitments are gone in the game to name jsut one. The graphics of the game (personally) don't fit the experience. The troop cap is to little and the maps offer to little rescources (one map does but only 1 map, for noobs like myselft at Crusader 2 more maps with more rescources would of been better), in game map builder is gone and instead it is with steam level editor which is much more complicated for the AVERAGE person to use. The variety of the game gets dull quick and it doesn't flow very good (in my opinion). All in all I was disapointed with it and I would get it when it is on sale definately not worth $50 U.S. I give it 6/10"
76561198244766280,Not Recommended,232890,28969912,Posted: 3 January,all,ExodusNixon,"So... other than taking an hour for people to join my match, god forbid someone lets me play on their 1 server available... more people should play"
,Not Recommended,232890,26615354,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,ForgeDrake,I bought this game thinking people have to be mistaken its such a good franchise its such a solid game they must be wrong..... (I even bought this on sale and still feel meh)the simple answer is - its not a bad game - if your new to this kind of game you probably will enjoy it - but its just not stronghold - I own stronghold 1 2 crusader crusader extreme even the horrid magic version I own them all - and to me this is such a dumbed down unflavorfull knock off of the orginials I can't get into it - for people not used to this sort of game though I'd see the appeal and it would probably be a great game for them - but for me I got to passI mean the only thing that could get me interested in this company again is space colony 2 but with the way they are moving I'm terrified / excited of such a title
76561198125396979,Not Recommended,232890,13119014,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Pokemon Master,"If you enjoyed stronghold crusaders 1 then dont buy this game, honestly it will kill the whole amazing easy experiance of stronghold crusaders, this game is a sorry follow up from a very amazing game."
,Recommended,232890,14978181,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Repojerk,"The only valid argument against this game that I can find is it's price and people having optimization problems, which I myself have suffered from but not severely. I'll agree with anyone who says that $50 dollars for this game is pretty steep, however If you get it while it's on sale I feel that it's completely worth buying. I have played Stronghold, Stronghold 2, and Stronghold Crusader. They are all really great games and I feel that this game is just as good as those.Mechanics wise the only gripe I would have with this one is the way houses are made. The closer your house is to your Stronghold the more populated the house becomes, however it also increases in size, so therefore it costs more wood. This isn't a problem on big maps where you can build a house on the border of your territory and it only adds 2 to 3 peasants to your overall population and costs less wood, but in small maps it's difficult because you don't have enough room to make those smaller houses, and all of your houses end up being big with 6-7 more peasants added to the popultaion which naturally means you have that many more mouths to feed, so then you need more farms while the map already has little room to spare.Overall I give this game a 7/10 I really enjoyed it."
76561198005771481,Recommended,232890,15082207,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Frank,"We're looking for family co-op games to play.  This one is a lot of fun.Stronghold Crusader 2 is city building - RTS fusion that allows shared-control co-op.  Shared control co-op is a fantastic family experience.  It turns out that the women prefer to do the city building, and the guys control the army.The game is intuitive and everything makes sense and is relatively straightforward to control, e.g., to increase happiness in your town provide enough food, lower taxes, and increase ale!While there are battles, it has the feeling of low level of violence.Please developers, make more of this type of shared-control co-op, family friendly games.It's even good single player."
,Recommended,232890,12217674,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,BlackBeard,THIS IS STRONGHOLD !!!finally the game that all fans of the series have been waiting for.PRO:- Fluid and varied gameplay- The 3D graphics is exploited as it should be- Havok physics is felt- New units- Multiplayer well optimized- Few bugs- Single player campaigns demanding- SkirmishCON:- A few minor bugs to fix- The campaign runs out in a matter of hours- Lack of a ranking system in multiplayerHOPES:- Addition of matchmaking and ranking in multiplayer- Periodic updates to fix minor bugs and new additions------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------QUESTO E' STRONGHOLD!!!finalmente il gioco che tutti i fan della serie  stavano aspettando.PRO:- gameplay fluido e vario- finalmente la grafica 3D viene sfruttata come si deve- la fisica  Havok si fa sentire- nuove unità- multiplayer ben ottimizzato- pochi bug- campagne single player impegnative- SchermagliaCONTRO:- qualche bug minore da sistemare- la campagna si esaurisce in una manciata di ore- mancanza di un sistema ranking in multiplayerSPERANZE:- aggiunta del matchmaking e ranking in multiplayer- aggiornamenti periodici per sistemare bug minori e nuove aggiunte
76561198045276639,Not Recommended,232890,34138595,Posted: 9 August,all,Lord Venerim,"Not recommended at all. Huge fan of the first Stronhold game, but the platform that it was realesed on, failed. They tried again with #2, legends, #3, and now this weird peice of trash. Its resource rates are super outta wack, and the ai's are quite off. id suggest just playing crusader or the original for the proper game feel of stronghold.But with all that being said, if your a huge fan of the franchise then its def worth to pick up for $15-$10 on sale. It has some new concepts and ideas changed from the previous games. The auto buying/selling market is quite useful and cool. All in all get it if you want a new stronghold, dont if theres anything else you may want."
76561198149232080,Not Recommended,232890,34284364,Posted: 16 August,all,qmdavis1,"I loved the original stronghold and crusader. They made some cool changes, but they removed a lot of cool stuff and ruined the interface. The new graphics are too cartoony"
,Recommended,232890,26485362,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Mr. BubbleBath,"This game is slightly disappointing to say the least.The first game, while lacking in good graphics had a LOT more options for castle building, and management.For Example, you could choose what kind of ruler to be. Feared, or Loved. Choosing Feared meant having torture instruments placed around your castle, and having higher taxes. This would reflect on your peasants' attitudes toward you, making them less happy but more hardworking.Choosing to have a more peaceful castle meant lowering taxes and having the option to places statues or flower gardens in your castle to make your peasants happier, but work less hard. Regardless this added a lot more immersion and made you really feel like a Ruler, instead of just the castle's contractor placing walls and buildings.While the graphics ARE indeed a large improvement, there seems to be a serious lack of unit types in this game.Sure it has slaves, assassins, horses, archers and different types of swordsmen, but not much else other than the addition of the Sergeants, and conscripts (Crusaders) and the Whirling Dervishes (Arabic). I remember a time when we could make siege engineers at a Siege Guild building and have them man a variety of useful siege equipment, (Siege Towers, Ladders, Tower Defenses, etc)It is easy to tell this game was rushed, and doesn't offer much except for shiny new graphics and the same old ""Can't place that there m'lord"" voice in the sky. Please please please devs, give us more to manage/produce next time you plan on releasing a game. What we have now is terribly bland, and basically the same as the last game. (With the exceptions I've listed above.The other thing that really bugs me too is the lack of inventiveness on the devs part with the AI enemies. They have the same washed up foes we fought in the first game, and maybe a few more (that cost real money to have by the way). I think this is very unfair, and more should have been done before the initia release to introduce these new enemies beforehand so that we wouldn't have to cough up our precious cash to BUY them. I wish I hadn't. (P.S. Whoever animates your enemies when they talk to you makes me laugh every time at how bad they are)The map editor is very simple to use and create wonderful maps, however. But like I said before, there is not a lot to work with, and sometimes even mods can't fix that. If anyone reads this, I would really like to say I do recommend this game, however it doesn't offer much in the way of troop management and castle building, other than placing a few buildings, collecting resources, and making weapons/ale/candles/etc.I am sorry if you disagree with me, but it is how I feel on how this game turned out.On the plus side, I once watched a tornado rip through an entire force of enemy troops which totally saved my life by the way. Had a rough start.#RIPTornadoBro"
76561198045720333,Not Recommended,232890,28659571,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Vozz,"I played the original HD remake of this game a while ago, and didn't really like the way the game functioned, comparing it to other similar medieval era strategy games, this one is very cut throat and I found it very hard to get into. Then there is the sequel, Stronghold Crusader 2, which is pretty much the same game in 3D... but a lot of feature have also been removed. I even got this on sale for something like 5 USD and I still don't think this game is worth it. Slow and tedious, if you enjoy having most of your production buildings far away from your base and being constantly raided with less features than it's predecessor then you might enjoy this."
,Recommended,232890,12209626,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Charles Stiles Mystery Diners,"Controlling troops is a little bit clunkier than other stronghold games so far, but it's fun to say the least. I have high hopes for this to become even better. It could easily become the best in the series with fine-tuning."
76561198187545386,Recommended,232890,21741543,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Santa Claus,actually this game is not that bad... I enjoyed it a lot.. very recommended for those who like strategic game
76561198044755905,Recommended,232890,12294358,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,NOVA,"""You cant place that there milord"" cant tell you how long ive waited to hear this again :)11/10"
76561198132418072,Recommended,232890,13473867,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Dad?,"I have to admit, this game is cool. It is missing some things, but its got many new things too. If you are an RTS fan this is a good game for you. The game is best if this is your first stronghold."
,Recommended,232890,13785400,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,RaY-iwl-,"its very fun to play,expecially wehen you play with friendsd but they should fix some bugs and its sometimes annoying when the host leaves and it starts to lag and gets very buggy;but he rest is very good at this game"
76561198107412374,Not Recommended,232890,28962374,Posted: 2 January,all,Boargut,"A year later the game still sucks♥♥♥♥♥ Running it on a GTX 1080 still only hitting 30-40fps with constant lag that freezes the screen for a second. Graphics are terrible for such a taxing game, occasionally map bugs out goes black and frequent CTD. This game is not worth it. It does not live up to predecessors it was a rushed piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that should never of left development. Very disappointed i backed the development of this game."
,Not Recommended,232890,19241226,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,caviar sandwich,released an edition with all of the dlc in it a year later after release
,Not Recommended,232890,21406368,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,ムka♣Giacobbe //💔//,"This game is worse than Stronghold Crusader I. or I. HD because lots of things aren't in SHC2 from SHC1 and more things are from SH3 and this game is like a Stronghold but you can play Skirmish.... Nothing more to tell. Who played SHC 1 must know that this is terrible.... Players need more Crusader things no more things from Stronghold... Stronghold is totally some other game and mostly is missing right-click menu which was in SHC 1.Game:- unbalanced in economy- less buildings than in SHC 1- some bad animations- totally other controls than in SHC 1- No one like this sh**** zooming & map rotating- ??? weapon/armor system (better in Crusader #1)- more than 70% of this game is more worse than Crusader I.- when you don't need help, AI already defending your castle- when you play balanced game, Enemy AI already attacking you instead of attacking other allies, too.- you can't build walls/tower/etc. anywhere => you have given place where you can only build buildings and your castle like in a Stronghold 1-3- you can build building with catapults and rams everywhere on map- your army is recruited from Barracks instead of slaves' campfire (like in a SHC 1)- Better Graphics (99%)Rating:GameSpot: 6/10MetaCritic: 65/100GameWatcher: 8.0/10.0PC Gamer: 64%More here:PC Gamer SHC 2 Review○○○Who wants to buy Stronghold Crusader game then I recommend Crusader #1○○○Stronghold Crusader #1 - Steam link:Crusader #1"
,Recommended,232890,12205762,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Prawn,"This game brings back so much Nostalgia! I used to play this game all the way back in 2004, when I was a young dude. The new version is just the old version but way better! New troops, new ways of attacking, new ways of planning your strategic approach! It's just better! Also with the new engine and touched up graphics the whole game is way more immersive. Blowing a wall to pieces with a trebuchet to see the archers fall off is just WAY too satisfying!"
76561198051174950,Recommended,232890,12479382,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,claxwax,The best of the Stronghold series so far! A very solid and addictive game.
76561198041060211,Recommended,232890,12254813,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Thoggnee,"Remember Stronghold 3? Yeah me neither. Apology accepted, milord."
76561198105965982,Not Recommended,232890,33705699,Posted: 21 July,all,Prime.Darkhail,"How can a game like this have so many bugs.Don't even bother using assasins, the ♥♥♥♥ers are going to get lost, or they will vanish into the ether until you kill the enemy king. Then, they will magically reapear from inside the walls of the enemy keep.Not to mention that if you ask them to climb on walls, they will gain one extra chromosome and just wait in the same location or pretend they are climbing a ladder (but in reality, they are not).Pros:-better graphics than Crusader 1-better overall economy management (introduced first in stronghold 2)Cons:-a lot of the units (assasins included) just don't respond to orders and do whatver they feel like-game crashes quite frequently and check this, if you have too many troops and you kill the last enemy of fast forward, your game might freeze and crash-the only real thing that will dictate how you play the game is what resources you have closer available (to your stockpile). Economy wise, if you don't play the same 3 builds over and over again, your economy will feel stagnant and you will just ask yourself: ""why the hell would selling excess bread and candles be better for the economy than selling swords and armor, it doesn't make any sense""-in all seriousness, it's makes more sense economically to sell the raw iron than an iron sword WTF"
76561198058630905,Recommended,232890,34654356,Posted: 1 September,all,Res,"I dont understand the Distaste for the game.... Its litterally the Embodyment of what happened with Stronghold with the First 2. The First game had all the seiges and Stuff. and Crusader had a small Series of Campains teaching you the new and old. and how to play Skirmish. IT IS LITTERALY WHAT THEY'VE DONE HERE....... The Game Looks like a 3d Crusader. The Animations of the Peasents are pretty much the same just in 3D, and this New Engine looks Amazing. Dont get me Wrong. The Game is not at all Worth Full price. BUT. If you can snag it on sale for 12$ or less. Its worth the Buy Just to play another Stronghold Title if your a fan.Pro'sLooks and Feels like Crusader and Older Strongholds (Other than the Wood Cost of building things now >.<)Crime/ that Stupid Honor System is GoneLow Tax's dont effect HappinessCrusadeing/ PillagingCon'sThe Popularity system is kinda crappy it goes stirctly by your current Happyness instead of the old 0 -100 Meter. (If youre people start starving, or something bad happens. People instantly leave. theres no Grace Peroid till you get under 50. Its♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan and people hate you)Structure's are Wood Thirsty. I understand more people living in a hovel the closer it is to the Keep. But 60 Wood for a Friggin House is 10 More than it is for an Iron or Marble Mine -.-P.S There are No Moats. If your mad about that. Than I have a Question.... your in the Middle of the Dessert. Struggling to find Water to Even plant your Crops.  Where do you think your going to fill the Moat with? The Blood and Tears of Your Enemy's?"
76561198007368644,Not Recommended,232890,33772576,Posted: 24 July,all,"Mount and blade, The guy",This is one of my favorite franchises. But as exited as i was after stronghold 2 and legends this has depressed me very much. The bots are to fast at attacking in the game so you cant enjoy making the castle. The walls are like chedder cheese now and get blown down in a heartbeat. The animations of my fav characters like the pig got terrible beacuse instead of screaming at you IM MAD he just looks at you motionlessly. Also a building limit kills it for me in multiplayer. Im sorry firefly stud but this was just not the best experience for me and i have a bought every stronghold game and have been a fan since mission one where we were gathering refugees to retake land from the original criminals.
76561197997946945,Recommended,232890,21975019,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,falcon1257,"I actually really like this game mostly for the reason that it is one of the few games that combines city building and RTS gameplay together well.In most other RTSs you just have buildings that are related to the military aspect of you base.  Here you actually have to manage things that don't directly relate to the military and I think that adds some much needed depth.  Now yes, the game lacks a certian amount of polish, however if you're looking for something that blends City Building and RTS gameplay together well, this is certainly scratch that itch."
,Recommended,232890,22174120,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Noritox,Not sure why people are complaining - Pretty much Stronghold Crusader 1 with updated graphisc and gameplay. It's good.
,Recommended,232890,30356495,Posted: 6 March,all,Deadpipboy3000,"Over priced!!!!!!!! dont buy on steam,♥♥♥♥♥Selling for £1.20"
76561198057795828,Not Recommended,232890,20028027,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,kkhosla05,"I thought ""it can't be that bad"" but it is. Huge step back in the series. Buggy, ugly, has an overwhelming unfinishd feel. At first I thought that I accadently got a beta version. Game play simplified so much that it basically plays its self. Lost all fun in the game. I won't be getting another stronghold again. Stronghold 1 and 2 worth so much more. Please save your money. Even if it's 99% off, go buy a candy bar."
76561198015120079,Not Recommended,232890,14471625,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,CoolFat,"Don't get me wrong, this game is fine. If you haven't played any of the other Stronghold games, this is a good place to start. It is a really good castle building sim. However, being a person who played the previous games in the series, I was disappointed with the game because there were hardly any changes with the gameplay. The graphics are nice but in my opinion it is not worth the $50 price tag."
76561198023756062,Not Recommended,232890,21224603,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Molgrimmarr,"A sad, almost unplayable revamp of a previously wonderful game. Bleached of most character and equipped with confusing controls, strange game-pacing, and much reduced tactical choices. If you liked the old Strongholds, don't punish yourself with this game."
76561198192295727,Recommended,232890,20352699,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,RASHED,"Great game, don't be fooled by mixed reviews.The best of the stronghold series so far :)100% worth buying it. >>> Advice: buy it when it's on sale.My rate for this game is 9/10."
,Recommended,232890,23327284,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,OKanye,Great game but the original first game is way better
76561197970640886,Not Recommended,232890,12536668,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,[ROAR] Grizzly Coraga™,"I don't reccommend this game at full price, this game is missing alot from its previous generation. This game i feel is more of a reboot rather than a improved version of the original stronghold/ stronghold crudsader. Buy the originals in hd instead, at least until firefly brings back more features like MOTES."
,Not Recommended,232890,12593268,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,AngryCAT,"Game sucks, not optimized as well. If you want to play stronghold crusader you should buy the original."
76561198037886415,Not Recommended,232890,18924589,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,The_Feet,"STAY AWAY IF YOU RUN WINDOWS 10!I bought the bundle this weekend when on sale. I am running windows 10 and cannot get a SINGLE title from this bundle to run properly or even at all! Crusader II runs, but i have the option of a BIG  UGLY 1024x768 resolution...OR... as firefly's support says I can DELETE my options.xml file EVERY TIME, BEFORE I FIRE THE GAME UP, to reset it to whatever my desktop resolution is. But then, when you exit the game, it re-writes the options file to the messed up settings and you start at square one again. LOL!!!!That solution they provided merely makes the game run the same resolution as your desktop for THE FIRST TIME ONLY (as it recreates the options.xml file AGAIN). BUT THEN... sure its at 1920x1080 and looks to be all good but the MOUSE IS THEN OFFSET by like 10 pixels DOWN and to the RIGHT of every button in the game!!!!!!! You have to actually NOT point at buttons/things and PURPOSELY click in the wrong spot on the screen to make them click! Ridiculous!!!Very frustrating. But it doesn't end there! The OTHER 2 titles that come with this awesome sale bundle price of $60(sarcasm there folks) do not run on windows 10 AT ALL!Both Crusader HD/Extreme HD TRY to install ""game ranger"" (REALLY? FREAKING GAME RANGER?? for multiplayer???) Give me a break!Anyway, the gameranger install crashes because of a .NET Framework issue with compatibility in windows 10. So then the install process just crashes over and over again... the BOTTOM LINE IS...NOT ONE SINGLE TITLE IN THIS BUNDLE WOULD RUN AFTER more than 3 hours of my time trying to hunt down solutions for these problems only to find out ... there ARE NO LEGITIMATE SOLUTIONS AT THIS TIME.***Not satisfied to say the least!***I requested a refund of course!"
,Not Recommended,232890,16348066,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,killbot5555678,normally im that guy that just loves games like this don't get me wrong Stronghold Crusader one was the bomb! loved it for it's time but i just don't feel it with SC2 ive played a total of thirteen hours so iv'e cover'd a fair bit it feels like all they did was add a few simple things made buildings  look better graphically and some better movement and so on it really seems more an update to me but hey if you think you would like it and or in enjoy playing it don't let my review stop you i just recommend you wait for a sale or don't buy it at all unless you feel you want to give them the 54$ lol
,Recommended,232890,22213047,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,duffed110,I like it
76561198063159462,Recommended,232890,12220513,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Geko Insurance,its ok 7/10
76561198031710387,Recommended,232890,12255714,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Crazy Canuck,"As a longtime fan of the original Crusader, I always knew that I would buy this game be it good or bad. While loading it up, I was prepared for the worst (based on the mediocre Stronghold 2 and disastrous Stronghold 3 release) but after playing for a few minutes I was surprised at how much I was enjoying it.Crusader II fully flushes out what they were trying to do with the Stronghold 3 economy. Every building in the game is expensive yet does its job well, meaning you'll constantly be weighing different strategies. Limited oasis space makes these decisions even more difficult yet rewarding. Is it better to tie up valuable space with hops farms to create ale, or make candles safely within your castle but then spend the resources on the much more expensive church? Of course, you have to defend yourself from constant attack while making these decisions.The greatest improvement in this game over the original is the difficulty. While not being at all welcoming to newcomers of the series, veterans should be pleased at how much time you (usually) have to invest in every match before claiming victory. The AI attacks early and often, and truly grows stronger as the game progresses (much stronger). They know how to defend themselves as well. Compared to the original, you will need a much larger army to kill your opponent with a single siege.This review is already longer than I intended but I have to touch on the combat balance as well. It is exceptionally well done. Every unit has a clear purpose and fills that role well while ignoring all other tasks. Archers, for example, are excellent against non-armoured units but next to useless against swordsmen (especially if they are escorted by a sergeant) and even conscripted peasants with pitchforks kill them easily with melee. I could come up with an example for every unit type but that would be redundant. Suffice it to say, the combat feels excellent.With more enemy lords and campaigns being added down the road, this is definitely the game I have been waiting 12 years for."
,Recommended,232890,12577866,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Kynaro,"The game uses some of the better mechanics from previous games with its 3d engine to produce a fun real-time strategy that is ready for LAN gaming.7/10The game has lots of noticable flaws, but gets updated and still manages to keep the core game alive."
76561197999225754,Recommended,232890,13331802,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,King Zog hates eggnog,"Solid sequel to one of the greatest strategy titles of all-time.  Some units are missing, some defenses/siege weapons, but others added in their place.  Over all, it's a very enjoyable title.  I'd recommend getting it when it comes on sale."
,Recommended,232890,26412161,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,☩ Teutonic Prince-Boris ✠,"The Game Is Good.But, unfortunately, does not reach the level of Stronghold Crusader HD quality. But to spend your free time it is good . In principle, the game is not bad. 7 out of 10."
,Recommended,232890,12262238,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Vaub,"This is nothing earth-shattering, but compared to SH2 or SH3, this is a great game.Not worth 50$ unless you are a real stronghold fan like I am though! Wait for sales.This is Stronghold Crusader 3D and I wish they add more in term of mechanics/castle defense or economy and fix unit animation (they are terrible...).Anyway, this game shows great promise unlike Stronghold 3."
76561197974726272,Recommended,232890,13527900,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Martyr,"City building, castle building, and warfare. Need I say more? Game is easily worth 20$, so I'd wait for a steam or humblebundle sale."
,Recommended,232890,13546208,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Beelzebubba666,"I like it.  When I first bought the game, there were a ton of issues.  At times it was unplayable.  Major lag issues during battles. Somewhere around the winter update, maybe an update later, I noticed the game was playable.  Almost no lag issues now.  I have only played single player so far, but now that it's playable, I find the game to be as challenging/easy as the original.I've seen a lot of people complaining about the game missing the laddermen and tunnelers.  I never used them so I don't care about that.   I don't understand the purpose of the market though.   Why have a market when you can buy things from the stock pile?  Am I missing something here?  I do miss a few things;  Engineers guild, leather armor, and the fear factor.  I thought fear factor was a great way to identify yourself as a ruler.Overall, I think the game is fun, but was released too early.  I hope they make a Stronghold 1 expansion pack.  I prefer the green environment to the desert."
,Recommended,232890,13593604,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Purim,if this game was a potato - it would be a very good potato.
,Not Recommended,232890,30250366,Posted: 28 February,all,vvCephei,"Don't buy this POS unless you save your game every five minutes. I've lost count of how many times this game has crashed on me, finally uninstalled it out of frustration when it crashed on me and I lost a ton of progress AGAIN. Also their auto save feature is a joke, saves maybe once or twice every few hours and the only way to access the autosave file is rummaging through your game files and moving the right files into the right folders, then when you've finally figured it out and load up the autosave it's nowhere near where you were when the game crashed."
76561198028462128,Not Recommended,232890,22226420,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Water Buffalo,Cheating scripted AI's and poor graphics
76561197995066816,Recommended,232890,13480285,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Spring,At last they have gone back to the oringinal format!
,Recommended,232890,13487618,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,KillParadise,"This game is great, I enjoy spending time on my castle and playing the computer players, the AI could do with some work but I'm sure it will come with due time. If your an actual fan of the stronghold series and  not a whinny cry baby like most of the new comers and rage complaints this game is for you. If you're expecting something thats perfect in everyway to fit your needs in every fashion, or if you just like to complain about games I suggest staying away."
,Recommended,232890,12228202,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,SolarVibrations,"If you love castle building games, rts, and love crusades. You'll love it. Its new and will develope over time. :) Just like crusader orginal epic and fun!!!!"
76561198059271929,Not Recommended,232890,22170841,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,BluePoo,"Stronghold is dead... and with each new paid DLC, Firefly Studios flogs a dead horse.Firefly Studios. You are everything that is wrong with the gaming industry."
76561198051078369,Recommended,232890,13416810,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,microsoftsteve_YZE271,"Not coming from first Stronghold Crusader, I cannot really compare the two to say which one was better. But this game for me was worth the price, it has a great physics system and a large combination of buildings and units and really gives you the feel of a castle simulation RTS. The graphics are stunning, as well are not overdone so it can run easily on PC's that are less powerful than others. Currently I very much enjoy this game, however this game is rather difficult to master, and the balancing of resources and the strategy you slowly develop takes a lot of time for you to properly enjoy the game. Currently the game is not very polished, but I assume in the future they will finish some quite 'bland' features.Overall, 8.5/10Easily the best castle simulation on steam right now."
76561198030495377,Not Recommended,232890,30016511,Posted: 18 February,all,monkeymole,"Just WOW,I cannot bellieve this game was released by the same team that made the other Stronghold games, it's shody, clonky and uninformative. I could not find a controls page to tell me how to rotate a building anywhere. instant regret at buying this game. I would rather play through the other versions.This is the same game with different skins and worse UI"
,Recommended,232890,15999342,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,svenevil,"Just received a mail from Firefly:1. Play the game2. Publish a review3. Win DLC!So, since I already played the game, I am now publishing this review:""The game is good. I already liked the earlier Stronghold games, especially Legends although noone else seems to like that. Stronghold Crusader 2 seems to be the best game so far.""Where is my DLC now? Did I win?"
76561198128707742,Recommended,232890,13725444,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,sewellio,"I just recently upgraded my computer and thats why i am changing my review, but this game is seriously amazing if you have a decent comp!! even tho it has a sort of cartoony feel to it, it still feels amazing to play! the firefly team is constantly supporting and updating the game which is fantastic and i honestly mean this when i say its worth buying to support the developers of a much loved series.Im a huge fan of the stronghold series... I've played hundreds of hours on the origional games and i still continue to play them! the bonus about the old games was that even tho online play was a thing of the past you could still get countless hours of enjoyment out of the games. This game continues that feel while although having a less enjoyable single player now adds a great multiplayer expierience."
76561198035690677,Recommended,232890,13925934,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Irish Pirate,"This game is definetly worth the money. It has a lot of good features, though I do wish that it had less lag. That is the major thing that needs to be fixed. But it is playable, and if you can work with it the game itself runs fine. I like the new villages and outposts feature, but I wish they had kept the tower top defensive weapons. These new wooden towers seem too flimsy to me, i would prefer the build up to it theme from the previous game. However, while there are a few minor bugs that need to be worked out, overall the game is definetly worth it."
76561198018145018,Recommended,232890,13772662,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ShorePatrol,Great game but wish it was available for MAC too...
,Recommended,232890,14398909,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Lolboat,"I have yet to really get deep into the game but so far from what I've played, I would recemond this game to anyone who has played the Stronghold Series. Its a really nice game with a clean layout. The AI and the descriptions of their pay style really help you get a grasp of how you can be attacking certain types of player's. Another thing I enjoy is the troops. They all seem to be really great troops and well made. There are also some glitches ive encountered with the game. If I am in a mutiplayer game with my friend and there are more than 4 players in the map, We both get alot of syncing problems. Thesyncing problems happen anywhere from 2-5 minutes a pop from what i saw. Another problem I had was that I have crashed twice mid-game and have not been able to complete that many games on multiplayer. I know that alot of people will be saying ""oh its his computer that sucks"" but i have a pretty beefy computer and it just happens every now and then. Apart from all of the glitches, The soundtrack and countless hours of gameplay and options there are for the game weigh out the syncing and crashing problems. Good luck with deciding on buying it or not. Hope you make the right choice and enjoy the game! :)"
,Not Recommended,232890,23299785,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,PierceGov,this path is blocked (even though there's absolutely nothing there). least i got it on sale for $10. sorry for everyone who bought it full price
,Not Recommended,232890,16368646,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Rick Sanchez,"bought this game because i loved the original stronghold cursader, but even on my decent pc that can run much more demading games cannot run this, turn settings to low and game looks and runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ other than that there is much less to do than the first game"
,Recommended,232890,12201153,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Spooky Scary Gawayno,"As a person who's been playing Stronghold since the first one and enjoyed it throughly, Crusaders is part of my top RTSes of all time. Stronghold 2 was okay, but faaaar too difficult for someone who is horrible at RTS like me. Stronghold 3, got bored within the first ten minutes. Legends, also bored within minutes.  Stronghold Kingdoms never played, but can tell it was a horrible online game.After so many years of losing hope for Firefly Studios with the later games. They had finally listened to their fanbase and come to their sense with a whole new game... Stronghold Crusaders 2!Stronghold Crusaders 2 is what all these Stronghold I find boring should have been. It has everything that a stronghold fan like me wants. Mechanics from the previous Crusaders, very fun and intense gameplay. The popularity meter is more focused, as they added a disaster event such as Twisters and Locust swarms. Food, Taxes, Ale rate is still on the popularity list, though I never seen a hovel popularity rate in a Stronghold game.Of course, you got the amazingly fun battle mechanics with the iconic armymen with the spearmen, who throws spears now it seems, archers, knight, swordsman, and the siege camps and the mercenary posts. Using siege weapons to take down the enemy's castle, shooting from a distance with the archer, and many strategies to take down the enemy lord! Yes, the focus of beating stronghold is killing the enemy's lord.Yes, these is, of course, the fun Skirmishes and Multiplayer. Just enjoying with a good match in the battlefield with a AI or another player is another great fun!After all the years of waiting for a good stronghold, I found it! Get it! Get it! Get it!"
76561198054276403,Not Recommended,232890,20586205,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,zombiuser,Stronghold Crusader is great. 10/10but this is trash. 3/10 max
76561198013288981,Recommended,232890,22226472,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,EMODESTROYER,"I really enjoy this game, the only flaw I've had is the lag when you have a massive army trying to attack, and there could be a few more building options added, but overall a relaxing castle strategy sim. 7/10I played the original years ago, if this is the game I'm thinking of, I loved this as a child."
,Recommended,232890,22243151,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Manticore,"I know that this game won't be able to give Stronghold players the spirit of original Stronghold Crusader but still it's a Stronghold and it has the same basics .Like having the same Castle building and expand system and almost the same units system. Maybe some glitches like graphical ones and some lacks like not having short walls bother old players but still its great seeing our old beloved game up and running with new engine.So buy this game not only because of showing your love to stronghold series but also supporting firefly studios for their tireless efforts in making these series.DLCs really bother the gamers because they are too many. Even mini campaigns had their own pack. BTW having just 2 characters and some castles won't be enough to make a DLC for it. Making a complete pack helped it but why they should put a copy of game  and some (useless) kingdoms pack in this wonderful idea and ruin it. only made the price unpleasant to buy . I hope developers  do something and put DLCs in a solid pack only containing them with or without the  game itself , with a logical price so all player will be willing to buy this wonderful game with all of its after season products."
76561198041424801,Recommended,232890,16004737,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,TheDestroyer001,"I have read many reviews of this game and while I can agree with many of the negative points, I still feel that Stronghold Crusader 2 is a pretty good castle sim rts game. It lacks some features of the old Stronghold games but adds some new ones as well like new unit types. Overall I'd say I don't regret my purchase of this game."
76561198124640329,Recommended,232890,22280758,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Yap Yap The Destroyer,its not a bad game like other people say but i dont think its worth $50 when it goes on sale again i will buy the game and all dlcs
76561198011313784,Recommended,232890,22217609,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Big_J,"I'm not sure why everyone has been so negative on this game.  Is it worth $60.00?  Definitely not.  But is it pretty much what stronghold 3 should have been years ago, definitely yes.  This is a great game, yes, there are some very minor flaws where people stop walking and glide to their destination, but that really is not important as the mechanics are still the same.   If you loved the first strong hold, then you will love this game too.  Sometimes the lacking in graphics is a good thing and I would say this shows the creators listened to their loyal base and went back to what really worked."
,Recommended,232890,31030105,Posted: 8 April,all,Armin Only,"In the second game of the Stronghold Crusader series, advanced graphics, great details, improved interface and more playable maps are really fascinating. I think this series proves to be better than the Age of Empires series, both graphically and in detail. I strongly reccomend this game"
,Recommended,232890,23436263,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,ExpenseeV #supreme,"Первая часть этой игры - мое детство. Эта игра конечно отличается от первой части, но она действительно хороша.Лично для меня, мне не жалко было тратить деньги на эту игру, т.к. я знал, что потрачу не зря."
,Not Recommended,232890,32905428,Posted: 27 June,all,Nurphleking,"I could barely even attempt to play this game. I'm a huge fan of the previous (classic) Stronghold entries but this game is an abomination. The game runs like trash, the AI is rancid, the game has annoying popups, and the DLC is outrageous in pricing and content. The best part about purchasing this game (luckily on sale and not full price) was getting the HD versions of Crusader and Crusader Extreme. Overall it's a poorly put together pile of garbage and I'm still kicking myself for spending even a cent on it. If you want a good castle sim stick to Stronghold and the first Stronghold Crusader."
76561198039415291,Recommended,232890,19573996,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,timebandit08,This is a great strategy game.  It plays just like the first stronghold crusader game with better graphics.
,Not Recommended,232890,29070257,Posted: 6 January,all,Herr Hauptfeld,"You better play the original Stronghold + Crusader or the modernized HD variants from them.This game is missing many controls and features from the first games. It feels more ""bulky"" and just bad in form of interface and controls. Even the animations you get from NPC Lords speaking to you feel just cheap.In my opinion this is this a total ripoff just to get your money!"
76561198079318465,Recommended,232890,13194469,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Jish,very enjoyable game
76561198117185424,Recommended,232890,16039681,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Lord Miguel,"Nice castle sim, every AI has its own strategy and difficulty, the maps look really good (strategically placed resources, balanced or unbalanced) its possible to make your own map, the devs are still really involved with fixing bugs and listening to the community, new content is being released, it still captures some the atmosphere of older great stronghold games but it doesn't entirely feel like its predecessor in my opinion.4/5"
,Not Recommended,232890,35250500,Posted: 27 September,all,Royial20 [TURBO],"Stronghold Comparison Video Here!Welcome to my steam reviews of Stronghold Crusader HD and its sequel Stronghold Crusader 2, be sure to check out both reviews for both games and enjoy!Cheers.Stronghold Crusader 2:I’m just going to come out and say it, this is a very tough game to recommend, I would recommend it but, with all the problems in the game, I ultimately can’t even though a good part of me wants too. The sequel to one of my favorite games,Stronghold Crusader, this game wasFirefly Studiosmost recent 3-D foray with their stronghold series. They’ve struggled in the past with going from 2-D to 3-D and their stronghold games have struggled in this regard. Games come out buggy, limited and generally suffer from lack of polish. That being said,Stronghold Crusader 2is the closest they’ve come to making a good 3-D stronghold game, it feels the most familiar and polished out of all of the previous 3-D titles and it has great potential if only they tweak a few things with the gameplay. There is a good amount here content wise, graphically the game is serviceable not the prettiest(I would like to see more detail in everything)but, the physics and graphics get the job done. The game lacks a bit of color I feel but, otherwise I’ve no major complaints from the games presentation, where it fumbles is in its gameplay, specifically the balancing of the game.||     I won’t prattle on too much, check out my video for some examples, the gist of it is the economy of the game is imbalanced, your expectations of what resources you can reliably gain vs what you have to spend to get your kingdom up and running is completely imbalanced. Woodcutters don’t bring in enough wood for the cost of some of the most basic buildings, same thing for stone quarries for building your castle and towers, same thing for food supporting larger populations, and again there’s a lot more here and there(for example, why can you spend more wood to repair a structure then what it originally cost to build, it makes no sense), the combat is slow and the unit AI seems stupid at time, just standing there waiting to strike the enemy, lots of problems in this department and it makes the entire experience frustrating and not fun. Strategy ultimately amounts to buying the cheapest units in bulk and swarming the enemy to win, rinse and repeat.||     As it stands, I can’t recommendStronghold Crusader 2, it’s a$49.99 USDgame and for the amount of frustration that exists in the game I would say stay away from the game till these issues are addressed in some manner. I hope the folks atFirefly Studiossee these complaints and maybe come up with a way to rebalance the game, the potential the game has is great and if they just got the base game figured out and made enjoyable I know a lot more people would change their minds about the game, I know I would.||-Thumb Down from RoyialStronghold Crusader HD:Coming to us originally from2002, a spiritual sequel to the original Stronghold(also in HD and also amazing)one of the few games in existence that can claim castle sim as one of its genre tags.Stronghold Crusaderis first and foremost a strategy game, build your castle, run your economy and stomp your opponents into the sands. The game offers a ton of different AI characters to vs, some easy, some challenging, all very distinct and fun, the strategy layer offering a multitude of ways to run your kingdom and build your army. Have an entire kingdom run off religion and ale? Go for it, use the taxes from your god fearing drunk peasantry to fund your army; will you use purely Arabian or Crusader forces, or mix them to completely destroy your opponents. It’s a fun strategy game, with a decent amount of depth, mixed in with great extras like map building, sandbox castle building and a ton of different scenarios or custom skirmishes. Multiplayer is a blast and pretty easy to setup, with it being in HD the game looks and runs great on newer systems and it’s cheap only costing$9.99 USDregularly. This is an easy recommendation from me, it’s not a hard strategy game to get into at all and there’s a huge community so there’s tons of ways to play the game or add to it, it’s one of my all-time favorites and I still play it to this day!||-Double ThumbsUp from Royial"
76561198073930524,Not Recommended,232890,29559794,Posted: 29 January,all,Santa,game constantly freezs. Low FPS. This game need updates.
76561198071649556,Not Recommended,232890,29523881,Posted: 27 January,all,H_A,"Awful game when playing against AI, AI has infinte resources lol!"
,Recommended,232890,33039918,Posted: 30 June,all,HaMi-_40SiX,its Good Game I like all strongholds & im waiting for a new one of them <3
,Recommended,232890,32890016,Posted: 27 June,all,Aegon @musicmaddness,i was waiting for iti crusader legendi did wait belive methenit comesi bought itnowits not the sameur not playing stronghold its something else that uses this name
76561198160633846,Recommended,232890,22227645,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Uraikus,One of my favs!
76561198290696413,Not Recommended,232890,24468130,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,R☯☮k↑E,I give 1.5 out of 5 stars to this game. It could be really a enjoyable game but there are lot of bugs in the game. Stronhold Crusader 1 was much better game. Lot of features were removed which were in the earlier game. I completely wasted my money on this game. Don't buy it :(
76561198081567553,Not Recommended,232890,34622671,Posted: 30 August,all,ratboy83,"AI needs rebalanced, AI cheats to win, they get free resources.  Devs using that mechanic as a crutch instead of making a balanced game."
76561198166699959,Recommended,232890,21184609,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Kopi TeaTari 09,is still good
,Recommended,232890,21792851,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Disteff,Still love this game even the old one would definetly recomend it if you like the old one. BUT ONLY BUY ON SALE
,Recommended,232890,22182773,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Hayden Thorpe,"This is a strategic game with simulation on how castles were built, and how realistic battles were fought. I reccomend this game for gamers that enjoy simulation games."
,Recommended,232890,22230486,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,SGT SWAGLE,"This games not as bad as people say, it's just fine honestly me and my bro having tons of fun with this"
,Not Recommended,232890,29350422,Posted: 18 January,all,Sh4nks,"I wish I could enjoy this more. This is a shell of a great game. It is missing what made stronghold fun. It feels like a cheap rip-off of older strongholds. I get that they were trying to expand how their games function, but they ended up destroying it. It could have been so much better. Don't get me wrong, it is still a great game and you should get it, just get it on sale."
,Recommended,232890,12222561,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Watson,"Stronghold Crusader is the successor of Firefly Studio's Stronghold. It is a real time (midevil) strategy game set in the Middle-East Crusades. Stronghold Crusader 2 is the sequel to the critically acclaimed original crusader which sets you back in the middle east versing some familiar foes (Rat, Lion, Shah, etc) and some new comers to the series.As this game came out recently (September 23rd, 2014) it can obviously be expected that there are some minor bugs that occur (such as small series of lag, misplace of troops, etc)In comparison to Stronghold 3 this game is far better as it has a better hosting connectivity, less troop lag, and improved physics.Massive armies, easy to lay castle wall design, and town square layout design makes this game far easier to play. I have heard mixed reviews of this game- but after 6 hours in my first sitting I can say that it brings me back to the days of the Original Crusader. With massive armies, tactical maps, and strategic footholds- I am impressed with my first hands on experience.I would recommend this game to those who loved the original crusader as it is very much like the original.Pros:-Ability to amass huge armies of up to 500 units.-Ability to heal units using Arabic healers-Quick place buildings in a easy to use square metrics system-Smooth wall building and stair integration-Army formations (Columns, Lines, etc)-Variety of siege equipment bonuses-Map variety-Skirmishes mode-Build your own multiplayer mapsCons:-Small community available-Easy to defend (turtle) castles-Some connectivity issues-Soldiers sometimes bug out when you are replacing features of your castle (i.e. Barracks/Gate into wall)-No Moats-No Tunnelers"
76561198147963209,Recommended,232890,12359381,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,yellow$$gangsta,this is a  good game but when is the next update for this?.
76561198030246859,Recommended,232890,13502808,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Sinister,Still a bit glitchy. Don't buy the game unless it is on sale.
76561198033379355,Recommended,232890,13522747,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Osip,sick m8
,Recommended,232890,15957770,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Camouflage*AUS*,"No unicorns flying around, but definitely worth playing this again after all those years. An excellent franchise."
76561198001280762,Recommended,232890,12235199,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Cattleprod,"Great Game.  Yah, a few quirks... but the gameplay is solid. Economy balancing is fun - and strategy is good."
,Not Recommended,232890,28852120,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Radical Russian,Can't be recommended even at 3.49 euros. Steam page portrays a whole different game compared to what it's really like.
,Not Recommended,232890,26443264,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Blood shed,"Built a base, start advancing and get attack from a force that spwans next to my base when my main army is attacking elsewhere, with no way of stopping the spwan pointget cursader 1 ONLY"
76561198153850402,Not Recommended,232890,34912459,Posted: 12 September,all,blackaffe,It's pretty fun but also buggy..
76561198067259073,Recommended,232890,23398013,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Feularkht,The first Crusader was better but this good too.
76561198040468995,Not Recommended,232890,28633630,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,randall4tssaa,i was a huge fan of previous strongholds. the creators went backwards on this one.
,Not Recommended,232890,30130801,Posted: 23 February,all,Sa1nt.,"This game has all the bugs of Stronghold 3, jsut in a different set of maps and opponents.The goodhas the stronghold crusader look, some units and buildings are better than previous gamespretty good graphicsfirefly brought back kingmaker or the crusader version of itThe badglitches and bugs everywhere: if you angle the camera too far down and right the ground goes black all you can see is trees and whatever you have built to that point. many units glitch in and outIt plays like stronghold 3, clunky controls, camera angling is terrible,There are only 8 opponents to face in the singleplayer battles; whereas the original crusader had almost double the oponents.Doesn't feel liek the crusader game that got me into the stronghold series.Overall firefly has been going down hill, the last feew games are well optimized are full of buggs and if you want the entire game its going to be a dozen dlc's.Do not buy this game"
76561198123411380,Not Recommended,232890,29013756,Posted: 4 January,all,Šķidrais /  hellcase.com,it's so bad(
,Recommended,232890,15058739,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Evord,"Very tentative YES on this one.Its like all the fun parts of Age of Empires II in terms of castle v castle warefare and economy management. The logistics side of things is much more important here as you must carefully manage your resources lest you totally screw yourself over (run out of food, money, weapons).It is much more siege-like than other RTS games I feel. Don't let the trailers fool you, no one fields armies that big. Most maps don't support forts large enough to generate such armies and it takes an hour+ to even get to the start of that scale of things. Most battles are small, between packs of units and such. Finishing long before reaching epic war levels.Additionally - It is a slower paced RTS, which I think is nice. You really must siege your enemy to win. Its almost impossible to storm a castle in one go. Instead you need to take control of resources, starve the enemy, wear them down, and then launch multiple assaults that push progressively farther and father into their defenses to get to the lord.So, if you like those things, then yay, you'll probably have fun.Lastly, my chief complaint is that the AI is absolutely aweful. There's no difficulty controls at all. All AI are just what they are. They are also braindead and cheaters. I've burned all my opponents' food, iron, and stone only to watch them continue to send units at me without bothering to rebuild those resources. Lemme tell you... no food = no troops. Its like fighting someone from a scripted campaign where troops are just auto-generated for the story. Its atrocious.This is a complicated game to learn. The economy is not like other strategy games and is hard to master. I've never had a problem beating the AI, even on my first aweful try where I ran out of food and had no iron for half the game.For the only good figthts, you'll have to PvP. That's a big disappointment for me cause I hate RTS PvP. As such, I can't tell you anything about what options there are here for that."
,Not Recommended,232890,33989772,Posted: 3 August,all,v/\gyn4lNE m4$saCRE~,i want my money back
,Recommended,232890,22186494,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,dande313,"I have been a huge fan of previous stronghold games, but I hadn't touched Stronghold 3, or Stronghold Crusader 2 until recently due to bad reviews. I was grateful for the chance to play for free for the weekend. Here are my honest thoughts.First of all, it is NOT worth $50. Not ever. Not under any circumstance. It is an insult the game originally sold for so much.It is worth $10, which is how much it is on sale right now. It brings up the first Stronghold Crusader on par with Stronghold 2 and Stronghold legends. Those games came out in 2005 and 2006 respectively. There are changes to gameplay mechanics (changes, not improvements), and slight improvements to the graphics. The models are relatively the same, with a few new units added. They work the same. The voice acting is still the same. The AI still follow the same patterns of play, and are beat with the same strategies. In fact, Stronghold Legends added 100x more to the franchise as a step up from Stronghold 2, than Stronghold Crusader 2 had in the 10 years since Legend's releaseBUT, Stronghold 2, Stronghold Legends, and Stronghold Crusader 2 in and of themselves are really awesome games. They are a ton of fun to play, especially with friends. I'd highly recommend any of them at $10. Just keep in mind you are buying a clone of a 10+ year old game with new paint."
76561198141902457,Not Recommended,232890,23315168,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,sambeaz6,"Sure, this game isn't really a bad game, but it brought absolutely nothing new to the table. It may look quite pretty, but so did stronghold 2. As far as new content, there is almost nothing. All of the buildings are the same, and they slightly changed the soldiers, but took out some of the best features that made the game immersive, such as the gong, rats, and criminals, and condensed the castle building down massively. No more cool feasts, clothes making, and no honour system at all to top it off. I can see that they tried to go backwards to encourage old players to stgart playing again, but trying to create a middle ground between the newer stronghold games and the old ones, just leaves both types of Stronghold gamers disappointed.5/10 -Very disappointed"
76561197960807559,Not Recommended,232890,15423711,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,bobioman,Horrible...Horrible...Horrible. Can't recommend buying this at any price. Unfortunate as I liked the original :-(
76561198007144753,Recommended,232890,13482188,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Scooter_Maddog,"Wonderful graphics and gameplay. I wish there was more of a campaign component to the game, but none-the-less, I was pleased with the new release."
,Recommended,232890,20237874,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Scara3,"Being a long time Stronghold Crusader player, I had the expectation for this game to deliver the original Crusader experience, and I must say, Stronghold Crusader 2 doesn't fail in it.- The gameplay and the units are still the same: build your castle, your army and defeat the enemy lords with your superior economy and military. It really feels good to command endless units in desert warfare, while fighting with the constant need for gold, popularity and supplies. SHC2 gameplay is a bit more stale in the economic side, but more mobile in the military side and the new units+buildings fit very much into it.- The Skirmish mode is what carries the game on its back: largely customizable games against and with the AI and human players provide virtually endless possibilities. You can even work on the same castle with your friend, and the AI can be quite challenging even for veteran players with its offensive attitude. Creating and shaping castles on your own style is the true beauty of this game and succeeding in defending it gives a rare feeling of accomplishment, even from game to game.- Player customization feels alright. You can choose your own crest, your own name and building style, and there is no more need for some casual play. However, there is no option to differentiate yourself more with i.e. some lifetime stats or ranks. There are achievements, sure, but they don't feel as much yours as some custom accomplishments, as everyone can earn them.- In story and character detail, Crusader 2 is sort of a setback compared to Stronghold or Stronghold Crusader's skirmish trails. There is virtually no story in any point of the game, and AI characters have descriptions no longer than a few lines. While the game partially succeeds in hiding the importance of a story for playing skirmishes all the time, the skirmish trails still feel bland for not having at least an average storyline.All in all, while Stronghold Crusader 2 may not appear strong story-wise, it delivers excellent gameplay and a great feeling for it. 8/10"
,Recommended,232890,21652581,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Varitas,Stronghold Crusader 2 is one of the all time great medieval strategy games that lets you customize your castle. Seige and defend castles in an epic way!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmCu7yYifVE
,Recommended,232890,19852881,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Ryūgū Rena,An amazing sequel to the best rts ever created.
76561198017092991,Recommended,232890,22198330,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,b5001,i like its ok if you get it cheap its not that bad of a game
,Not Recommended,232890,31650982,Posted: 9 May,all,GigantaClaus™,Not polished enough.
,Recommended,232890,15907443,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Ebdanian Admiral,"Better than the last one, but not as good as the first one. They have continued to work on it, which is nice. 7/10"
76561198127303107,Recommended,232890,21183787,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Patty_Fatty,"Pros:Fun gameplaygood battlesnice arabic themeCons:A bit laggyNo map editor in game, you have to download itOther than that this is an awesome game and i recommend it"
,Recommended,232890,12199994,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Narcissistic Cannibal,Very fun to play and a good story best point and click game :)ps : there are someone cool troops in it what u need to find out!
76561198030652922,Recommended,232890,15986875,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Christerine de Blois,"Great game, this is crusader not a typical stronghold game. this is a game focused on battle not holding banquets.Crusader 2 is also not the same as the original so don't buy it expecting that, it does have more to it and things have changed.In the end THIS GAME IS WORTHY!"
76561198127362424,Not Recommended,232890,25234848,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Hannibal,"Not worth it. It's missing some elements from the original crusader, there is no single player campaign other than skirmishes and multiplayer has so many issues.It lags a lot, there is an incredibly slow nr of units allowed on a 8 player map and you can only play with other 3 players which means the maximum is 4 players on a map.IF you disconnect from the game you can't reconnect and really often you get disconnected from no reason. Keep your money, look for something better."
76561198063170082,Recommended,232890,12200141,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Madon,"I didn't try SH3 so I can't compare it to SHC2,anyways I think the game is really great!good graphics,gameplay,etc...but it's a little bit buggy,but managable."
76561198082987512,Not Recommended,232890,21114222,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Smake,"Well, at first I didn't understand why so many people gave this game a bad review? When I first started I thought they could have done more with the graphics. I noticed they got rid of things like having honor to train troops, trenches/moats, gate with a draw bridge (I really liked it), and a lot of castle cosmetics such as a basket of rock to place on wall to drop on enemies.I did like how they changed the way you do battle in skirmish mode. You can set it up to battle against every lord on the map instead of them battling among themselves. In other words they focus completely on you. That’s a really nice feature they added.They have some new troops or at least to me. There are some troops that throw fire bombs. They’re great for defending your gate. Get enough of them throwing bombs in one spot and watch enemies turn into crispy critters. Being able to download new maps in Steams workshop is also nice.BUT the game crashes and acts funny too much for what they’re asking for it. For example I noticed there were a few troops sitting outside my gate that wouldn’t die. No Problem right? Well I couldn’t repair my walls and had to reload game because they were close to breaching my walls. Also, they were killing all of my bowman I had sitting in a tower. After reloading game I saw the troops in question all at once die.Other things like dragging and dropping were you want to be on the map stops working after a battle. I'm so sick of having to reload the game for small problems. it does work but it seems the more I play it the more bugs I notice. The bugs must be like germen cockroaches because they can't seem to get rid of them and the game has been out long enough.I felt I got ripped off myself and I bought the game on sale. It’s an okay game. But this has to do with whether I would recommend it or not. That’s why I’m giving it a thumbs down."
,Recommended,232890,34688510,Posted: 2 September,all,Zanjiri,paid 2$ for this gamegood graphics for a 2$ gamegood gameplay for a 2$ gamestory? kidding me? :Dand so not a bad 2$ game especially when it will increase my acc value 48$ in 2 days =D
,Not Recommended,232890,15289624,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Teutoniclord,"Get all the other stronghold other than 3, their way better."
76561198001807994,Not Recommended,232890,18967446,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Crudux Cruo,"I honestly cant recommend this game for 20 bucks. I bought it on sale, in one last hope that Firefly Worlds would get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together. Apparently not, even though they took their time, published the game themselves, and worked out the kinks from a typical (post SH1/SC1) buggy release. Many complaints of fans are left unadressed, such as tiny maps, and lack of any modability. It takes elements from All games and blends them together, for some undesirable results.I never thought building a castle would feel like a game of tetris. this wasn't a huge issue in the old games. Quite frankly, it's clear the developers dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Unless their new project completely blows my mind i intend to never buy a single thing from firefly again.In summary... If you liked SH2 and SC1, you'll probably have some cheap thrills from this game. Wait till it goes for 10 bucks unless you're dying to play it now. As is, its only marginally better than Sh2, and i wont even meantion SH3 because that didn't count. The developers seem to think that way too with their ""Gold"" turd being completely disavowed."
,Recommended,232890,12194665,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Anti,"After one Skirmish i can tell, that the feeling is the closest to the vanilla Stronghold game, which is nice.They made a couple of changes which simplified a couple of things, what feels more like an experience upgrade than the game being dumbed down.I will update the  review after playing  a couple of hours, but for now i can only recommend it for the fanbase."
,Recommended,232890,17210080,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,shineKNEE,"Not as good as the original, but still a fun game to play on a lazy day or if you are out of town on your laptop."
,Recommended,232890,12241509,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Alexztralz,"Not as great as the original Crusader,but still a good game overall,some mechanics on the gameplay and building are a bit off,but once you get used to it,it's fine i guess.And to those who expected it to be just like the 1st Crusader or similar to the other Stronghold games,you will be disappointed,but to those who are playing it for the first time you'll probably enjoy it~(though what'd you expect? it's a new game using a new engine and on 3D,of course it's going to be different than the older ones~) :P"
,Recommended,232890,15961782,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Синус,"Hi guys!I Have playing in Stronghold Crusader since 2005. (next SC )I wery surprised, when I saw a news about Stronghold crusader 2!I pre-order this game when it became available!I want to tell about ""plus"" and ""minus"" in this game.Plus:1) New units2) New Lords3) Save traditions SC4) New maps5) Steam WorkshopMinis:1) Optimisation (i know, this  is hard, but many players are dissatisfied )2) GraphicsIt is all.I recoment this game for people who don't play the games for graphics.My assessment: 4/5.Good games! By! (Sorry for my bad English :) )"
76561198065271755,Recommended,232890,12212402,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Billy Sanchez,Its like the old one with more stuff and 3D graphics
76561198012606877,Recommended,232890,12199253,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,[40-1]FrozenDreams,"Single player review: Overall i enjoy this game it has everything it should and more from the older games to keep you going. if you like the old ones there is no reason why you would not enjoy this.One issue i have though is there is Easy mode and normal mode not hard mode officially, but for me normal and easy are very far apart ie: easy is too easy but can take up to an hour plus to win latter maps and normal is too hard on certain small maps, there is nothing inbetween which does take away from the game for me.In normal mode u just seem to get an endless wave of troops coming at you so if you do not get a good defense up in lightening speed your screwed cause they just keep on coming and once they reach ur walls ur dead cause u cannot repair them while they are attacking your walls.So yeah the ai has very little tactic it either just does the slow mode on easy or a constant flow of troops on normal. But its still fun but not worth full price imo6.8/10"
,Not Recommended,232890,12514511,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Based God,"This game is so absoultely freaking awful, horribly imbalanced. Walls are made of paper, Whirling dervishes are the most OP, absolutely game breaking unit I've ever seen, I have 40 crusader swordsman killed in 4 or 5 seconds by 6 whirling dervishes, how is that even fair? Honestly, one of the worst games I've ever played, I hope Firefly never makes another game, I wish I could backcharge for this vile piece of garbage. Stronghold crusader 1 was a great game, this is practically a holocaust of the series and of balance. Awful, awful, awful game, in case you didn't understand so far, do not buy this piece of fecal matter, wish I could have thrown my money down a hole, would have been more enjoyable than this piece of chit."
,Not Recommended,232890,23360349,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Svirt,"This is a downgrade of the original Stronghold CrusaderAlmost everything except graphics was marginally changed and not in a good way. I really tried to give it a proper try nevertheless my conclusion issave your time and money and just play the good old Stronghold Crusader HD.+Better Graphics-Everything Else5.5 /10Could be really great, now its just a bit over average."
,Recommended,232890,12191936,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Flappy Daniel,"I know it's going to be great, but you want to wait a day or week or so until they fix all these bugs. People are getting various issues from Crashing in skrimish mode to not being able to click or select anything in game. my client is crashing a few seconds after launching."
,Recommended,232890,12212758,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,trayman,better than stronghold 3 It's got that going for it
76561198011169861,Recommended,232890,32705032,Posted: 23 June,all,Igra,Fun
,Recommended,232890,23786547,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,zatley ok,"Sick game, the graphics are just awesome and I love the economy system, there is also a big variety of troops with all special abilities. The Co-Op is just great and time consuming.One thing that is bad, you can just surround your keep with walls and place some towers around it, fill it up with 20 bowmen, and a siege is nearly impossible. Also most of the time you don't have those huge armies shown in the pictures."
,Recommended,232890,12211287,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,AuldfartyPants,very good as i have all the other strongholds i have waited a long time for this and it was worth the wait a few bugs here and there but still very good would recommend this to any one who is into this sort of game
76561198019870077,Recommended,232890,12209420,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,whoisbuckey,"At last my childood is back. Loved the first, loved the second. Stronghold Crusader II is a great game provides endless hours of entertainemnt. Good buy for anyone into RTS or city builder games."
,Recommended,232890,32720786,Posted: 24 June,all,Whiterun Guard,"This one is wonderful. Unique and improved graphic, improved AI, etc.Only some bugs animation still found.Overall, its still great"
,Not Recommended,232890,29495638,Posted: 25 January,all,Mercy,"Felt like a game from the early 2000's, terrible."
,Not Recommended,232890,28660953,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,John,Terriable AI! It doesn't matter if you destroy all the production because the AI has endless resources and the always replenish. You pretty much just watch endless units walk at you in a straight line.  The units in this game are also very basic.  It feels like a shell of what it could have been.
76561198107973809,Recommended,232890,24248992,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,DoyGou,This game is Stronghold Crusader 1 with a 3D graphics.  And Stronghold Crusader 1 was great. So this is too. BUY & PLAY  !!!
,Recommended,232890,24483794,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Dope Zebra | CSGOSpeed.com,Yeah this game was really fun. Pretty much just like any other RTS game. MAYBE not worth the price though.
76561197968411681,Recommended,232890,24365797,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Smuggles - NATO,"TL/DR ---> THIS GAME IS GOOD!If you liked any other Stronghold game I would think you'd like this too. I sure do. Myself I'm kind of new to the Stronghold Series, having only discovered Crusader HD about 2.5 months ago. After looking 1st at this game, the reviews sent me back to the older verison. Which I really enjoy. Also I scooped the original Stronghold game to refine my skills. But I kept looking at this game. Having watched a few vids I decided to risk $9.97 Cdn for the Special Edition with the soundtrack while the sale was on. It's been money well spent!It runs just fine on my older system and I've not noticed any bugs myself. There are some differences from the past version, however for me at least, the crucial elements of the game remain. Having read a lot of reviews regarding this game it seems the tough AI's are putting some people off. It took me a few days practice and watching vids to "" git gud "" enough to beat the first 2 Skirmish Trail missions against The Shah and The Rat, which I did last night. Looking forwards to more Skirmishes.Having got this at 85% off it's been a good buy. I did also splurg a little more and buy The Princess and The Pig DLC while the sale was still on. Currently have a Custom Skirmish raging on vs The Pig and am enjoying the heck out of it. The next Skirmish Trail mission has me vs The Shah and The Rat together. Ought to be fun. If you are rich buy this game with the soundtrack now! If you are like me and not rich, watch some youtube videos and wait for the next sale... It's worth it!"
76561198043282500,Recommended,232890,24189020,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Hooligan$,It's not better than the first Stronghold Crusader but still up to the mark.
76561198022570575,Not Recommended,232890,29372689,Posted: 20 January,all,[Rusty]Slubberdegullion,These ♥♥♥♥ing swordsmen
76561198263518356,Not Recommended,232890,28710656,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Dilan,this game really suckdont ever waste your money for this game
,Not Recommended,232890,31027281,Posted: 8 April,all,Medic Twizz,"Bought it for £3, thought I may as well!Played it for 20 mins or so first time >> CrashPlayed it for another 20 mins from scratch >> CrashTried to launch it again and it crashed so hard my damn computer restarted.Don't buy this game not even for a couple of quid, get the original in HD"
,Recommended,232890,28737420,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Commie Slayer,"Bought this game almost exactly 3 days ago, I have over 21 hours played.Please send help"
,Not Recommended,232890,15023931,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,anilbektash,"What to say, humble game play turns out to be fun merely if you like building brick walls a bit. Addiction of just 4 hours after weeks the game was bought."
76561198055268107,Recommended,232890,15086307,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,dragonhai,ty
76561198139825858,Recommended,232890,28667438,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Siwi,Best strategy game everr !!! woooohhhhh!!!
76561197968494194,Not Recommended,232890,28681227,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Gawwad,Definitely not worth the full price.I bought this because the original was awesome back in the day. This version however does not have many of the great features in it. You can't for example dig moats.Another thing is the lack of support for high DPI monitors. With a 4k monitor the UI is so small it's barely usable.
76561197992224369,Not Recommended,232890,31115288,Posted: 13 April,all,smilinghuman,"This game has been out for two years, it is still glitchy. Allies will put buiildings directly through your closed walls opening them to the enemy. The walls through a main gate is often impassable in spite of the wall itself being as wide as a highway on both sides of it. The controls are clunky and you often spend time just trying to control the game.The senarios are lazy and frustrating, they do not create interesting problems but merely make you play niche stratagies by depriving you of nearly all resources till you overwhealm your opponent with your economy. In the end the game was so bad that I went to look up the publisher for producing such rubbish so that I could remember to avoid their games in the future. Publisher is Firefly.  I paid 5 dollars for this game and do not consider that sum to be a value."
76561198016355450,Not Recommended,232890,28638882,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,BIG DADDY STEVE,does not compare to the earlier strongholds
76561198042426551,Not Recommended,232890,28638519,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,marlej23,Graphic is so not interesting in this game. Plus catapult can destroy wall with one hit !.
,Not Recommended,232890,29092039,Posted: 7 January,all,Gie15,"Not so good as I expected from Firefly. Please work harder to makeing gemes. I am very, very dissapointed."
76561198092168034,Recommended,232890,29225999,Posted: 13 January,all,Nedim,"Missing some nice features from the first game, but its quite fun. Not worth 35€ tho, wait for it to go on sale"
,Not Recommended,232890,28994445,Posted: 3 January,all,Ruckus,Clunky mess of a game. It really lacks the smooth functionality that we saw in the original. Refunded right on time.
,Not Recommended,232890,29190126,Posted: 11 January,all,abrasiveplanet,I dont understand...Ive played previous versions of this game and they were awesome.... This version has terrible annoying voices... it has graphics or skins on characters that are boxy and pixilated.   The game is more awkward to play with a more complex control system that slows you down and creates frustration... its glitchy in that i couldnt get throught the tutorial because i didnt do it in the right order....I feel a bit ripped off... i expected more
76561198042821531,Not Recommended,232890,28703363,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,FullSized,"This game is horrible.  Don't Waste your time.  This coming from someone who has played most similar base building empire games over the years.  Civilization, Total Annihilatin, Empire Earth, Age of Empires just to name a few.  This is the worst Ive ever had the displeasure of playing.First the game freezes every few minutes.  Takes 10-20 seconds to unfreeze and start working again.  Usually at least once during a mission it will crash completely.  So save frequently.  I can't think of another game that crashes more than once in a blue moon.  So its not my system.  Besides the techincal issues its just a horrible game.Why?  Long story short.  The tutorials are incredibly insuficient.  You get told to do something or take out a base with no idea how to build anything or what to do.  You generally have incredibly limited resources and time.  You can't build anywhere on the map except on a tiny area called your ""estate"".  Your resources are usually placed on the front side of your base and since you can't build off your ""estate"" you can't defend your most vital buildings.  One enemy makes in it with a torch (and yes they will run straight past your units) and your whole econmy burns to the ground.   The economy itself is a joke.  Its a very intricate balance of food, popularity, taxes and so on.  If you are too popular your population increases faster than you can feed them.  If not popular enough your vilagers abandon you so fast you usually can't recover in time.  Its incredibly hard to do the economy properly.  That said most players just exploit this horribly and bypass it all together.  They give their villagers ZERO food but tons of beer.  This makes the popularity meeter go through the roof and so then they can raise taxes to max giving them way more gold income than anyone would ever be able to manage playing the game as intended and then they can barely hold off the initial rush tactics of the clearly cheating computer oponents.  I say cheating b/c they dont have anything even resembling a meaningful economy but somehow they can dish out units 5x faster than you can with a fully function economy of your own.So you have 2 options.  Get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked over and over by a cheating AI b/c you are trying to actually play the game with a proper economy.  Or submitt to the inevitability that you will alway use the beer popularity exploit that everyone else seem to.  Then you can technically win the missions but lose self respect knowing that shouldn't work at all and you couldn't win doing it the right way.  But... you can't win doing it the right way b/c the game developers are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and bumped up the AI dificulty to max.This game was not fun.  Was incredibly frustrating, and was a huge disapointment to spend a few hours to finally find out that you can't even get through the tutorial without exploiting."
,Not Recommended,232890,28869252,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,NaGaZ0R #TRIPPIIE,"Change the game title from Stronghold Crusader 2 to Stronghold 3 with less events.This game is a joke , the developers used the Stronghold 3 mechanics and redesigned a few textures,nothing more.Also,this has DLCs with most of the characters.It's not worth buying,save your money for something better.Buy the previous title Stronghold Crusader HD,that's the real GAME not this one.I requested a refund for this becouse it's not what it's supposed to be."
76561197961589839,Not Recommended,232890,28648112,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Serviros,"Oh wow, how can a company take a beloved classic game and turn into this? Where are the thiefs? The torture? The rats? The feasts? Seems like they removed 60% of the game's content trying to turn it into a ""competitive game"". I loved creating my little feudal village in stronghold 2, I still play that game and its great. Sad to see a game losing its roots."
,Not Recommended,232890,28188237,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Shleebs,Rubbish AI. You start with nothing in each scenario but the AI has the lot instantly. Not well balanced. Some scenarios almost impossible without furious building and defending all at the same time. Not to mention the impossible sudden waves of 100's of enemy soldiers that seem to be miraculously coming from nowhere? really? This would indicate the AI is not linked to any kind of population or technology tree. I've played plenty of strategy games with better balance and won all of them eventually.  Two thumbs down.  Don't buy it.
,Recommended,232890,34608963,Posted: 30 August,all,Kamerifukashi,Why is it so difficult to manage the kingdom over the previous games?
76561198081341630,Not Recommended,232890,34505177,Posted: 26 August,all,Cheaw,It could be a great game. But producers ruined it. I would only suggest this game if you have some friends to play with because AI is stıpid i mean really stupid. It's trash they built the same castles over and over. Still not the worst but i would not suggest you to buy.
76561198018696967,Not Recommended,232890,34447582,Posted: 23 August,all,Onebassplayer,It’s not that it’s a bad game but I feel like this is a rehash of the 1st game if anything. To be honest only thing that has change is the graphics other than that they have got less content in this game than in the 1st game. Also and the price tag is a bit much for what it is also (at the time of writing this £29.99) to make this short Its good if it had more content and if you want a better stronghold game the older games offer more fun.
,Recommended,232890,24675365,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,War Machine,"I still really believe in this franchise, and still believe in the stronghold series.  The old stronghold games were brilliant, and this game is an okay addition for the time being.  This game is a waaaay better game than Stronghold 3 (but any stronghold game is better than SH3).I personally think this game is certainly worth the money for any fan of RTS games.I like the direction they took with this game, primarily focusing on new interesting AI.  I like the varying AI's that were developed.  I just wish they did more to increase the population limits, features, economic complexity, etc.  I wish they had more time, resources, and staff to make this game what it could have been.But for what the game is right now, it's still a good buy for a stronghold fan or a RTS fan."
,Not Recommended,232890,34679598,Posted: 2 September,all,Moath,This game is terrible.
76561198007947984,Not Recommended,232890,12921608,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Varivox,"Mediocre.It's an easy game to get into, not because of simple mechanics, but because of mindless AI that is easily exploited. Numerous times, I've been ""seiged"" by cheating (a LOT of cheating) AI where, by having a single tiny hole in my castle walls at the very back of my castle, the enemy sends everything they have through that hole, walking past, through, and over traps, defenses, and archers. Never once have I really felt a challenge from the AI that wasn't related to their massive economic cheats.The bugs are relatively ok, I haven't encountered any major, gamebreaking bugs (nothing like SH3's ""dogs walk up ladders"").Pathfinding: Walls are to be seiged or used by archers, nothing else. One of the first campaign missions asks you to seige a small, minor AI settlement. It is defended by 2 towers with a handful of enemies. My first approach was to amass as many small units as I could and send them up to the towers to kill the archers. However, my units were completely incapable of using new fangled technologies like ""stairs"" to the point their 5(?) archers killed 20 of my units because no matter how many commands I gave them, ""stairs"" and ""walking"" became too complex for them. This was only the 2nd or 3rd mission, a tutorial mission, that was rendered impossible to win because my units literally could not walk to the enemy.If you want a good SH game, go buy SH Crusader 1, it's a good game, it's not 3d, but it has better/more mechanics with less bugs and far better gameplay."
76561198058232457,Recommended,232890,12239805,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Taniwha,Pretty fun game way better then stronghold 3 and the rest so try it out
,Not Recommended,232890,25336714,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Vyrenn,Honestly i personally prefer the first one over the seccond one
76561198150140216,Not Recommended,232890,18144091,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Mattbucky95,the origional was so much better
76561198124784590,Not Recommended,232890,15175081,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,tohknoc,"paid 50 dollars for the game, i feel like its not worth 10. maybe if this was 1995 the game would be cool. theres not much diversity your buildings, or in troops. or in the maps for that matter. its just a really short loop basically. itll take you an hour or two to figure out the game then its just repeating that hour over and over."
,Recommended,232890,19301508,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Turquoise_Falcon,"This game got a bad rap but its actually pretty good. Basically, you build up your fortress and army and try to destroy your opponents'. It's a simple RTS that can be very entertaining and the variety of different AI personalities means you can't develop a one-size-fits-all strategy to defeat all of your enemies. I would recommend this game on a discount"
,Not Recommended,232890,13376021,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Doomon15,"WARNING: do not spend money on this game at this kind of a price, ITS NOT WORTH IT. So the game itself plays decently according to the Stronghold games but only on certain mechanics of its RTS base ground. NONE of its uniqueness carried on with this game at all. Matter of fact it’s all gone now, the dancing bears, decorations, what made your castle feel like a castle and not a regular RTS base builder base. It used to have vast problems to fix with your people, people even just running around and little things like executions and punishments you can watch them all do that you can’t do here anymore because they made it streamlined. I made the mistake of trusting the game but not even an hour in game told me that I definitely wasted my 50$ that I could have spent ALOT better elsewhere. Get this at a lower price if you want it, ignore peaceful mode unless you just want to stare into nothingness due the games now basing a lot on the RTS side and not its castle sim side which made peaceful mode at least slightly entertaining. But now the game unless a patch improves this IS NOT considered in my opinion a castle building simulator due to its lack of castle life that used to exist that made the other games more unique and different. the entire franchise except the past 2 have been going quite well, unfortunately this games not getting the taste of stronghold I hoped for, but I do hope they add it back in the future because that’s one of the things that made stronghold a different RTS game."
76561198047111657,Not Recommended,232890,13583221,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,MahDahFahKingGai,"i mean i wont lie, Im pretty disappointed. Its a good game and all but I just simply can't enjoy the game like I could with the 1st one. It just seems like its missing something"
76561197985468181,Not Recommended,232890,14826505,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Mashed_Potato,"I enjoy  the thought playing this game but do not recommend this game to anyone who cant stand bugs and crashing. When i Try to play there is always a high risk of it freezing or crashing. Not to mention all the mechanic bugs during game play. This makes it hard to organize a good attack or try and defend. Troops will run back and forth and never go to the point where they need to be. I don't mind the differences from the first Crusader id just play that if i wanted to its the crashing and bugs that get me.I think This game has good potential but is just too annoying to play. The least the makers could do would be to fix some of the bugs and The crashing There is no point in even playing if you know the game is going to freeze or crash.My Computer Runs everything else on ultra graphics, But Stronghold crusader 2 cant even run on low.Please fix Crashing And Bugs"
76561197975469241,Not Recommended,232890,14737464,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Postmortem Erection,Definitely not as good as the original. I am disappointed and feel I wasted my money.
76561198020866080,Not Recommended,232890,14565487,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,snowballstevenson,"Worse than the old Strongholds...Boring and a waste of money...Combat is stupid- it takes an age for someone to die. The bit that was always fun about Stronghold- the building and resource harvesting, is fun for a while but becomes pretty one dimentional after a while. I've had the game since it came out but have only got 13 hours on it... says it all i reckon! stick to the old ones and dont waste £30!"
,Recommended,232890,23808830,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Retrific,"Pretty nice RTS game but it has some (game crashing) bugs. Everytime after a mission, sometimes random and also sometimes when Alt+Tab'ing the game crashes.....this sucks. Please fix this.For <$10 I can recommend this game, but not for the full price.Edit: Seems like it doesn't crash anymore. Hasn't crashed since I wrote this review :D"
76561198045020988,Recommended,232890,23799356,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Xeraha,"This is first game i have played, well number 1 but great game suggest it to someone who wants to relax and let there brain shut down for abit depending if you're more offensive or defensive.8/10"
,Not Recommended,232890,31885122,Posted: 21 May,all,Kojema,"As much as I enjoy this game, I cannot recomend it to anyone. Buy at your own caution. The major issues I have are the glaring balance problems with the War Wagon Health, walls crumble to easily and troops on walls is almost a waste of time since they barely get any defensive bonus. aside from that. stronghold 2 did nothing to expand gameplay. There are no new game modes, only less. For as much as it costs to buy I say don't."
76561198062450109,Recommended,232890,17568546,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Red,"This is a really good game, don't let the negative reviews fool you if your a fan of stronghold. (Although if you played them all this one might burn you out a bit.) This game is a lot of fun, the battles get very intense, there is not too many ""grace periods"" like in Age of Empires or something like that, its very VERY back and forth. My only complaint is the lack of variance, I wish each AI warlord had there own unique unit or building piece or something like that, there actual LORD unit is usually unique, but ehh.Anyway, this is a really good game, if you were thinking on picking it up, I would recommend, or wait until its on sale if your sceptical. Gameplay is very addicting, and hard as hell. Almost made me feel like a complete noob at one point where I was getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked, on a training trial, on easy....yeah... -_-"
76561198008348988,Recommended,232890,17569754,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,M7md,"This game is great and am realy picky i don't just play any game if u like a good stratgy game buy this game.Stratgy games i likerome total war the fisrt onemediavel 2shogun 2age of empier 2 and 3suprem comender alliancecomand and conquerand some other good games i forget the names, these games are one of the best stratgy games so when i tell u this game is good it's good :)"
76561198020784327,Recommended,232890,17697059,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,qcwarrior,"For me the game is not bad at all , they optimised the game with new patch. The game is awsome , the gameplay is close to the original game with some extra in it. If you are a fan of the franchise , you will enjoy this game for sure!"
76561198169281608,Recommended,232890,18590896,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,vzariqi,Great!
76561198011325789,Recommended,232890,18924455,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,The.Smell,I never get tired of this game.
76561198013375367,Recommended,232890,18985622,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,IpM,"Summary: Stronghold crusader 2=More balanced stronghold crusader gameGame mechanics has changed, players would not be able to exploit all the little bugs and tricks associated with the old stronghold crusader. High cost of buildings makes mistakes more costly. The introduction of the healer unit was a welcome breath of fresh air which has helped to offset the impact of the nerfs across the board i.e. long cooldown between launching mad cows and more, which have helped to balance the game. Pikemen have now become strategic chokepoint units, something which makes pikemen more relevant as the ultimate defensive unit. Players can look forward to a certain degree of challenge when playing this game. (Coming from someone who completed the entire stronghold crusader series)However, something is wrong with the pitch pits, sometimes the workers just cant get out of the pitch pits and there isn't any fancy options for decorating your castle."
76561198030623435,Recommended,232890,19038547,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Summer Field,"This game is worth the 66%discount not full price(AAA)is Funbut very  frequently crashes, buggy and connection error"
,Recommended,232890,17577746,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Emrico1__1,I still enjoy the skirmishes after 200+ hours so for me it's a 9/10.
76561197976614752,Recommended,232890,19991031,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,shobbz,Love this game. Recent updates have made it much more playable!!!
76561197988976028,Recommended,232890,20070170,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Underline,"Feels like the original stronghold crusader, but with better graphics and game play. Worth every penny!"
,Recommended,232890,20778028,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Zbig,"The more I play this game the more I like it.It's like somewhere between Age of Empires and a city building sim.It's more economy focused than most RTS and you build a living, breathing settlement in each game"
,Recommended,232890,22197868,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,KING,GREATEST GAME IS STRONGHOLD CRUSADER 2
76561198007320695,Not Recommended,232890,22380213,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Sebidee,"I returned this game and here's why.It was honestly one of the worst things I have ever played. The user interface looks ugly and so are the graphics, the voice acting is terrible and villagers no longer speak when you click on them which was one of the best small details of other games. The economy, happiness and resource sides of the game are very simplistic and add nothing to the game. I only played it for a short time and knew that it was no good.Ignore the screenshots and videos, they are fake as hell. If you want a good Stronghold experience go buy Stronghold 2 for €4. This game isn't even half as good as that is."
76561198002268069,Recommended,232890,22183061,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,bottleoftheFUNK,"fun game, great when you having nothing to do"
,Recommended,232890,12206567,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,TheBlackPixel,"Strongold Crusader 2 is the long awaited sequel to the previous crusader game. I've played stronghold crusader and stronhold crusader 2 for about 5 hours now and I can tell you that they left a lot of the economy from stronghold 2 out to focus on the skirmish mode.Even though the game has a few bugs (in pause menu there's a strange duplicate glitch) there is nothing game-breaking and the core gameplay feels and plays like the original crusader, be it more advanced and a little harder. I'd definitely recommend this game to someone who really cares about good gameplay and noot about fancy-smanchy graphics and cool effects."
76561198055877982,Recommended,232890,12206595,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Master Sergeant,"♥♥♥♥ing love this game. However, textures are alittle off, especially in the water, and I preordered this game and have yet to see the ""special features"" that were promised to those that preordered. So thats something to consider.... But i still Highly recommend this game. I ♥♥♥♥in love it!"
,Recommended,232890,12206699,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Kirisute Gomen,Great game but the HUD isn't very responsive.
,Recommended,232890,12209906,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Hellion,"Great game, definatly lives up to the original Stronghold Crusader. Can't recomend the sequel enough!"
76561198029554467,Recommended,232890,12217629,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,donaldrc,"I downloaded the game and it appears to run well on my system.FUNNY THING THOUGH WHAT IS ANNOYING,   ""THE MANUAL IS NOT IN ENGLISH! WHERE IN HEACK IS THE ENGLISH MANUAL LOCATED?????"
,Recommended,232890,12230325,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,iZaphod,"Great game, very agressive and tricky AI even one easy, but learn to grow fast and keep an eye on where they are attacking from."
76561198037670560,Recommended,232890,14246911,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,HUNDAR,"the game is fun but is not the sequel that we all dreamed of. The biggest impact for me was the high prices of structures that was nonsense for a player comin straight from crusader 1. Then the classic message of the enemy lords are fairly worse in quality than the prequel. Forget about the immersion you could feel in stronghold 2 or crusader,by lookin peasents doin their jobs( you still can but their number and actions are lowered in comparison). No crime system. But the addition of new units, working formations, phisichs to the wall( the biggest improvement), and an overall good gameplay, save the game. You should buy it only if you are an hardcore stronghold fan, or wait for sales."
76561198114578115,Recommended,232890,14320952,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,tangodelta39,"I played this game how many number of years ago before steam and enjoyed many hours of game play. Having switched to Elder Scrolls I got away from castle builders but I saw this game on sale and picked it up in a second. It takes a little bit to pick up a good stratigy and it will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off but it is a great game, highly recomend. If you ever want to play multiplayer you can hit me up, im always down for some stronghold."
76561198050717840,Not Recommended,232890,15030469,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Jax™,"This is not what i expect from stronghold. and last time i checked this is not an early access. 60 bucks is alot of money for a game made by your interns. i started playing pc on the original crusader and it was a damn good game but this is glitchy at best. the mounting system for knights is so flawed that  even tho i had the stables and a horse for each knight i was lucky to get a couple mounted. im not sure what your feeding your archers but when they kill someone there victims fly like theyve been shot with a 25mm cannon. also in some maps id like you to change the map name to babysit your defending units from a tornado for an hour. as another review said you got rid of honour and feast and the gameplay is very boring between hurricane katrina and pounding the mount button. if you guys were short on cash you should have launched a kickstarter instead of releasing this unfinnished garbage. as for the good graphics were nice(er?) and the seargent at arms is a solid new addition, the walls are easy to manage could use a little more HP. i like the skirmish mode the other stronghold were limiting for all out combat but this one is good. the unit count feels right and have never needed more building. i voting no on this, but know that its purchased i will write a review in a couple months, ive never been let down from you stronghold and im hoping you were in a finacial bind and had to release. and that the money you got goes back into this game."
76561197974690002,Recommended,232890,15039699,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Jonny,"Pretty good game, resembles a lot from the original Stronghold Crusader. UI is a bit basic but the gameplay is fun."
76561198029587500,Recommended,232890,15050693,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,km133688,"There is a lot for FIreFly to get over with this new game.  I see it like this:1. those who know the old game, know it well.  That means the most frustrating thing will be learning how to play this new game where it does not match the old one, and there are lots of differences, especially in the convenience corner.  It irks me for example that I have not found yet any way to change the speed of the game to give me think time, and that a lot of my old tricks won't work any more.2. but in the end, many suffer from the same addiction problem as I, which is we really liked the old game (even with its pittiful AI), but have also played it till the cows come home and there is nothing left in it for us.  When I bring up a scenario in the Crusader I already know how it will go and how it will end, no surprises.  So we have little choice but to get the new game if we want to get a new fix.3. another dissappointment for me is the apparent lack of campaign missions.  You will recall from Crusader  there are 100 missions, 80 across only two of the campaigns.  This new game has maybe 15.  So there is little replayability here.  This leaves us to look towards multiplayer (maybe a good thing) and playing the computer in freeplay (like starcraft though not as good).So I have to say, I think FireFly would have done way better if they had just taken the old Crusader game, enhanced the AI in it, and created another 50 mission campaign that they sold as DLC for that game.  @10$, everyone who played the game would have bought it.  Well... there is still time.  If they want to do this they will find a willing audience for it.I am going to recommend the game, in part hoping that it might be like Stronghold3.  This game was immediately hated too, but for those who thought about the game and what it was really doing it turned out to be much better than originally thought with a more sophistcated resource and industry change in it that I think added depth.  It was a successful attempt to keep the old game feel, but add new options.  But  you have to be patient to see it.So Stronghold Crusader 2, not an instant hit, not a lot of single player replayability, but if you are looking for a stronghold fix what choice do you have.  Maybe it will grow on us."
76561198118126055,Recommended,232890,15147269,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,jamespoulter13,"A great improvment from Stronghold 3 but it still does not posses the same flair that Stronghold 2 does, and even Stronghold 1. In my opinion using the Stronghold 2 engine to make a new game would make the perfect game. Another let down from Firefly. 6/10."
,Not Recommended,232890,15212931,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Gwenhwyvar,"I don't review games often, but I felt like I really needed to add to the general cry of ""foul"" to the developer on this one.  This game feels like a step down from previous iterations of the Stronghold series.  Given time and funds, Firefly couldn't manage to give even a moderate improvement to the game.  The graphics aren't any better in my mind, and the game itself doesn't introduce any new gameplay elements.  If you're interested in a good castle-building sim, any of the previous Stronghold games would give you the same experience as this one, but for far, far cheaper."
76561198081116402,Recommended,232890,15258754,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,bobby0412,"This game is good, could be better its missing lots of little stuff, and the AMD lag for this game is unreal luckly ive dealt with this on other games i like so i suffer through it, PLEASE PUT PATCH OR UPDATE FOR AMD PROCESSER USERS.."
,Recommended,232890,15527885,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Ghastly Hand,The game is a good one and it does have the stronghold feel but for $50.00 it has little content but they are updating it still and hopefully make it worth the price
,Recommended,232890,15528052,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Klawz,Really enjoying the game. Seems a little harder than the orignal but it's a ton of fun! Loads of new features and stuff to play with.
76561197985423620,Recommended,232890,15632069,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,JOAOTRINTA,"bad programing, lags a lot, too expensive6/10if i could go back in time i would wait for, at least, a -75% offer"
76561198068701763,Recommended,232890,15833484,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Sir Longarm,I have been playing Stronghold games since the first one and I think this is a great game.
,Recommended,232890,15961495,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Misha,"Good game, has some minors bugs at the start but they got fixed."
76561198031035026,Recommended,232890,15983003,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,|BB|~Jwayne~|SFC,One of the things in this game i would like to see added is when you kill an enemy lord you receive a reward of their stockpile or granary.  Game is challenging at time until you figure out weeknesses of each lord. Then they are predictable
76561198000668795,Recommended,232890,16052383,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Brothernumsi,"Stronghold Crusader 2 is a good successor to the original Stronghold games, however i do not like the time limits on missions. It makes you rush the game and not enjoy it as much. Combat is very enjoyable and building up your city and managing your economy mechanics is pretty simple. All in all its a good rounded game and if you love castle building games, then this is definitely a must have!"
76561198041658962,Recommended,232890,16103752,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,GundamSlayer,This game is awesome :)
,Recommended,232890,16947591,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,DtDrag,"Crusader 2 does lack some features of the original unfortunately, but it does boast some new ones as well. If you were fan of the original I'd recommend picking this one up as well."
76561198087670917,Recommended,232890,17104336,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,El Presidente,"Pikeman ""FOR HIS LORDSHIP"""
,Recommended,232890,15255233,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Bubbllland,"So this is not a bad game and if you've played the orignal stronghold and stronghold crusader i reccommend buying this on sale for 20$ or less. If you are new to the stronghold series i would reccommend picking up stronghold crusader instead. It is simply better and cheaper. This game is missing alot of the content from the origianl like oil pots and miners that put more depth into the game. This is game is also currently unbalanced with stone being completely rediculous along with crossbow men and swordsmen being simply the best choice in troops. So basically i reccommend this if you've played the past games but only on sale, anyone new to the series save your money and buy stronghold crusader, it is simply better in everyway than this."
,Recommended,232890,32949309,Posted: 28 June,all,✪ Guerrilla ☭,"If you love legendary game of Stronghold Crusader, this game is even better than it!"
76561198066567925,Not Recommended,232890,30761404,Posted: 26 March,all,industrialxfish,"Pros:-lots of troop types-castle wall building and options is well made-good maps-projectiles cant just fly over anything or through, walls and mountains will stop themCons:-Shallow game base with no tec advancements-limited to designated map zone, I dislike only having one home base-war is too simplistic-A.I. is clearly cheating, you cant cut off resources-limited troop formationsConclusion:All in all I had fun to start and enjoyed building my castle but once it was complete I was unable to advance out side my zone and can't capture new zones and I found the tec advancement to be non existent resulting in a poor mid to end game.I don't think they will ever correct the disappointment I had in this game but if they do I will change my vote."
,Recommended,232890,12585853,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,CobaltMK,"After the mediocre Stronghold 3 and Stronghold Legends, Crusader 2 brings the series back to their roots.The developers tried to copy the positive aspects of Crusader 1 and improve them with new features.However, instead of ending up as an improved version of the first Crusader, the game became a much more RTS-like title. which plays much more different than Crusader 1 than I expected.What the developers did is basically simplified the whole castle building to a state where almost every building makes sense. This gives the game a much more fast-paced gameplay in the Skirmish Mode.Compared to Crusader 1 or SH2, the units also seem to be better balanced. Spamming Horse Archers or Knights is for example much more difficult than in the previous game(s), because they can now be countered easily by macemen or whirling dervishes.The whole combat system in general is improved by special abilites the units have. So instead of having useless and useful units like in Crusader 1, the game has offensive and defensive units with their own abilities. This gives armies a certain variety that can also be seen in games like Age of Empires 2.I also feel like the current AI Lords are way harder to beat than in Crusader 1:When the Rat is building catapults (so his sieges are not completely useless ;D) and the Wolf builds a stronghold that lets your castle look like a hovel, you know♥♥♥♥♥♥just got serious :DBut despite these aspects the game still has many flaws that need be patched and improved.The most important would be performance improvement and bug fixing.On big maps with many opponents the framerate drops under 20fps even on good PCs.Also knights are sometimes unable to get on their horses or units stop moving entirely.In terms of balancing there are still some things the developers need to change:They already lowered the wood cost of woodcutters in previous patches, but there are still some buildings that seem a little bit too expensive, for example the market that becomes unvaluable through its 500 gold price or mills that cost 200 wood each (guys I want my awesome bread empire back :D).Despite that they need to add some more NPC Lords( Ssssnake plz :D), Units and buildings that are missing ( for example ladders, tunnels, moats, Gardens and voice overs for your peasents).All in all this game is different from the Stronghold games. It may not feel that much like a complex castle simulator anymore, but more like a well balanced Strategy Game with castle building elements.Fact is, there aren´t many games today that have this kind of gameplay, so Crusader 2 has a unique gameplay.Depite its current issues I recommend this game to everyone that likes strategy games and/or the stronghold series, but keep in mind that there are patches coming that may be improving the game that much, that games like Aoe2 or Command and Conquer have a serious competitor.In Germany we would say:""Abwarten und Tee trinken."" :D"
76561198050364591,Recommended,232890,16870519,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,ЯedЯum,"As much as i wanted a revamped stronghold 2 , stronghold crusader 2 has been a load of fun.pro's - castles , wars , big walls , towers and tons of troops.con's - not many buildings , and not much to watch going on in your castle. (stronghold 2 nailed castle life)other then that a straight forward castle defence and siege , i have a few hours played on this series and look forward to many many many more.  criminals are not raiding your granery :("
76561198141505562,Recommended,232890,18121541,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,InvaderZimm,"It is an updated version of the original Stronghold Crusaders game. Best to get during a sale, but it has given me hours of entertainment and will continue to for the forseable future. It is definetly is not worthy of all the negativety it has gotten as it is much better than Stronghold 3 and only has very minor bugs. I hope this is not the last of stronghold and that they will continue to improve since Stronghold 3. This was a step in the right direction. I recommend it if you enjoyed Stronghold Crusaders and if your favorite missions in the original Stronghold were Castle vs. Castle ones."
76561198035341593,Recommended,232890,16237636,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Tepes,"Loved Stronghold Crusader but the 2 is kind of a love hate relationship. There was lots of lag issues when playing with more then 3 players. The more troops we make the harder the game would start to lag. I hope that firefly will fix this because it gets to a point where it is unplayable just because te game doesn't respond to the imput. However I like the new wall breaking animations the new units the new building options the siege warfare and stuff like that is very much fun if you don't have massive large armies that slow down the game.I still recommend this game, not for the ful price of 35€ but when it's on sale you should give it a tryfor the RTS gamer SC 2 is a good addition to your game library and as soon as the lag issues get fixed this game will be worth the 35€"
76561198042215099,Recommended,232890,16886925,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Matoru,"Ive been a fan of the stronghold series since the early 2000s, ive played the original stronghold, and moved up from there, and looking back, the game has come a long way, we got some new troops, in crusader, and some more mechanics here and there, with these new characters coming out, this is shaping up to be good, except i feel like we deserve more, more units more types of buildings, the selection has not changed much, in the time the games have been out, and that is dissapointing itself. The games are great, and i will continue following and playing, but wish for more selection in  buildings and troops that we should have gotten along the way."
76561197970505738,Recommended,232890,15975393,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Zudrick,"Game is really good, its different from the original but still good"
76561197988464092,Recommended,232890,17224946,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,unguided,A return to form for Firefly studios and you should purchase this game if you're at all interested in the premise.The gameplay is a development on the originals but still solid and deeply compelling.  Complementing the past titles rather than replacing them.Firefly has shown a commitment to improving the game and there's no doubt its a future classic of the genre.
76561198042933938,Not Recommended,232890,16179873,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Futurecity100,I was a huge fan back in the day.  This is less than garbage in comparison.
76561197975315665,Recommended,232890,17875122,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,dane-s,"Its a reasonable game and is a fair continuation of the series. It doesn't add anything groundbreaking and feels almost like a rehashed version of the previous crusader.I recommend this for the following people:Never played a Stronghold game and is interested in giving it a try.Looking to scratch that Crusader itch but cant stand the previous games graphics.I do not recommend this for anyone looking for something new in the series. Firefly studios has failed to do anything substantive with their series and its following ever since the first Crusader was a success. This Stronghold proudly follows in this manner.The following did annoy me a bit:The UI is clunky and outdated. Things are hidden away or put in obscure places that dont need to be.Pathing is terrible. The pathing example for first time coders, 'Ants' on Netbeans does a better job.Units dont seem to like being on walls.Quirks from the previous Crusader like the tongue in cheek humour from clicking on peasents is gone.Unit graphics are over all poor.To me this just seems largely reflective of the gaming industry as a whole. Lacking direction and decisiveness specifically in regard to a singular vision."
76561197960682839,Recommended,232890,18085127,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Angry Hippo,First time Stronghold Crusader's player. Not a completely terrible play. I did enjoy this game but did have issues with the game crashing constantly and often at undesirable times. There is also a large amount of glitches which happen during gameplay (i.e. troops don't always respond to commands) . Really takes away from the fun and control of the game. I also noticed that the computer/AI gets some unfair advantages which is frustrating (i.e. destroying all source of food or income and yet still produces loads of troops). I would prefer to give this game a neutral rating but will give a yes cause I enjoy the strategy but this is why you see such mixed reviews.
76561198032839573,Recommended,232890,25424390,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Reacherx,It plays OK.. It feels really stale with little life.I waited for it to drop in price to $8.00 and I am glad I did.I would recommend at $8.00The map editor is alright for making your own scenarios. It is fairly easy to use with only a little help from the manual.
76561198009389937,Not Recommended,232890,25521732,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Shryd,"Just constant issues with either troops 'falling' through towers, and such.  Disappointed and wouldn't suggest spending the money."
,Not Recommended,232890,22237131,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,johshb,"Do not buy this game, its very buggy and has many bad sides1. the fps needs to be allot better2.often the game crashes and3.sometimes the ground disapeer4.the soldiers animation is very bad, they dont walk properly/the walking animation crashes5.the stairs often buggs with the wall/ it doesnt look realistic.6. there is a lot of things that needs to be fixed in this game, do not buy it before it is fixed"
76561198045077158,Not Recommended,232890,22221825,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Starknight'Renegade,The Lag was umberable and my computer runs much better games.
,Not Recommended,232890,28611028,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Stepdan,"It's bad alright, just play the classic instead.I dont care how the game looks btw, it just isnt well made, troops sometimes move around in T pose. Having a decent working animation is the most basic feature of any rts. Hell any game!The game overal just lacks polish and quality, even the menu art looks cheap.I bought this for 4 euros, its not worth your time just stay away."
76561198135082205,Not Recommended,232890,30314375,Posted: 4 March,all,Whyy DIss,"What a joke. the game is so awful. Just because its cost a lot, I was assuming it would be a great game despite all the negative reviews. You cant even created your own map too wtf"
76561198041025332,Not Recommended,232890,19365762,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,ScubaTime,"A review after a few hours inI was a massive stronghold fan over the years, started playing at the original. So with many of the other die hard fans I was over the moon when they announced the new release. At the original price I was unable to afford it at the release, With the massive sale I had a few extra coins and decided to purcahse the game on sale.After extensive reading of the reviews I decided that the risk is worth the price at sale, even though the sales warned against the game.I was ver sad that I didn't listen to the reviews and saved a few bucks. Here is a quick review and a take about my experience.The following is what I have experienced to date:The Pro's:Similiar game play with little to no changes to the overall feel of the game;Finally able to afford the game at sale price,The Con's:Similiar game play with little to no changes to the overall feel of the game;Litle to nonexistant single player campaign;Graphics are pretty much the same;Waste of money and time;DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!!!I CANT SAY THIS ENOUGH THE GAME ISNT WORTH THE MONEY YOU HAVE TO FORK OUT, MAYBE BELOW $ 5 IF YOU REALLY HAVE NOTHING BETTER TO DO, BUT RATHER TAKE THE MONEY AND GO BUY BEER!!!!"
76561198046122269,Not Recommended,232890,12639305,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,yourivdm,I am a stronghold fan so i decided to make a short review.Stronghold crusader two is a downgraded version of Crusader 1 in short talk.I am sorry to say but the game is full fo bugs and doesn't run smooth at all an most of all doesn't add anything that stronghold crusader 1 didn't had but it has removed things that made the original series. So i stik to crusader 1 and strongly recommend others to do that to. I wished this to be a great game by the way.
76561198117391036,Not Recommended,232890,12284277,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,DustBust,"I've put about 4-6 hours into this game before posting this review and overall, I'm pretty unhappy with it. First of all, if your a fan of the series, wait till this game goes on sale. For a big name game being just released, this is pretty sad for the most part. The graphics are good, not great or at least not great compared to other games you are paying for these days. The battle side of the game is pretty frusterating... The units move very quickly and instead of using ""strategy"" to bring a castle down, pretty much need to just throw overwhelming odds of troops to win each battle/castle. Bottomline, not much strategy is necessary. Like city building? This game isn't for you either, it could take you hours to get your castle built and tweeked just the way you like it but it will get destroyed in seconds. The walls basically buy you a minute or two to react or they are coming down.Overall, this is a $20 game or less, not up to date with today's standards. The AI is also horrible, its impossible to play against them, you basically need to build up a defense ASAP and hold off their waves they are sending at you while you build up a wave of your own, they essentually have unlimited resources too which is annoying. The game is pretty laggy too which is sad, I exceed all of the requirements and even toned back the not so great graphics so I'm guessing this is still alittle buggy.Even if the AIs are fixed, the overall battling is poor and lacks any strategy. Its hard to experiment with troops when their impact is only noticed if they have armor or not. Overall... buy this on sale.Update 10/17They updated the game, they fixed the resources issue for AIs (They seemed to have unlimited before) They did not fix gameplay performance however... still very glitchy, some aspects have gotten worse. Some units glitch and glide across the map now. It would be a huge improvement if they would just slow down the speed of units and attack of units, its hard to use the features/benefits of the units when the units move and attack so fast, by the time you decide on troop placement, the battle is probably over and the winning side is clearly winning. The game now crashes, never had this issue. The glitchy movement is still very present while playing, making some commands unregistered. Not a great release still, not worth the money spent upfront either yet unfortunately, i'll start playing again when they release another update."
76561197985064110,Not Recommended,232890,12793296,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Vanguard,Supreme Commander -> SC: Forged Alliance -> Supreme Commander 2.Stronghold -> Stronghold: Crusaders -> Stronghold 2.Same story all over again. Take a time proven concept for a great game and mangle it beyond recognition in an underwhelming effort of squelching the last few bucks out of a great franchise.Seriously? A maximum of troops and buildings in multiplayer games? Still limited to 24 peasants in the recruitment pool? Way less options to customize your stronghold? Worse ballistics than Stronghold Crusaders which at least captured the feel of a volley of arrows where this game just... just... no.PLayed HUNDREDS of hours with the original games. This is already getting on my nerves after half a dozen.STAY AWAY FROM IT IF YOU LIKED CRUSADERS AND KEEP THE MEMORIES OF A GREAT GAME IN YOUR MIND. Or even better: Pick up the Original Crusaders. It´s better than this POS.
,Recommended,232890,12592383,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Herger Joyous,Better than SH3
76561197993912153,Not Recommended,232890,19430059,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Boa_CVH,Game has a very short mission Timer. So if you liked building your castle with patience before attacking forget about this game.
76561198058169556,Not Recommended,232890,12685739,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,The socks and sandals money,"Until this feels like a complete game, I cannot in good conscience recommend it."
76561198082161371,Not Recommended,232890,19102442,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Acamerus,The game has a big problem and that problem is that all the units can't be grouped so it makes it harder to keep track of units and also all units do what they want not what you order for example if you order them to retrade they will keep fighting if they get taged by a enemie archer or melee unitthis game may look like its very nice but its really poorly made
,Recommended,232890,12211983,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,The old chutney factory,Just like the old days with updated graphics. not like that stronghold 3 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t its got skirmish thats all that matters.
,Recommended,232890,18932482,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Nudey,"I dont know why people say its bad, its the best Stronghold game for me yet. 9/10"
76561198013230129,Not Recommended,232890,17727886,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Wolfius,"Very so-so game... quite ugly buildings (especially farms) No new good ideas... The 3D graphics really makes Stronghold worse. First isometrics parts look more beautiful, really. And why.. god why are all peasants silent? Where are the cute portraits? Where is the nice smiling guy in the corber of the screen?"
,Recommended,232890,12196310,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,tntupready,"Decent game for first release. No bug for me in this game. Hope they add more zoom in and out. I wanna see the soilder more :). The game got skirmish, sand box, map editor. Many cool stuff to do. A lot of campaign"
,Not Recommended,232890,12269730,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Vizkos,"Given my experiences with this game, I would be hard-pressed to reccomend this game to friends, especially with the current asking price.  Firefly Studios rigorously distanced themselves from Stronghold 2 when promoting this game, and rightfully so, the former being a disaster of a game that tried too many things with too little map space.  Firefly also touted this game as being a return to its roots, Stronghold and Stronghold Crusader.  Unfortunately, while the same level of complexity in the game was restored, many gameplay elements leave something to be desired and are lacking.My first con for this game is the maps.  My favorite maps in Stronghold Crusader were:  I can't remember the names, but hopefully anyone reading this that has played Crusader knows which ones I am talking about and then continue with my review:  1) The map in which one player is in the center on top of a hill with all grassland.  There is then one player in the top left, and two in each of the other corners.  Grasslands are available in the corners and along the sides for a bit.  2) A Friend Indeed I think its called, 6 player map, you start within screen width of your ally, most of the map is grass.  And a map where it is all a dense forest with little to no Iron, 6 players.  As one might gather, I have a preference for maps in which food is plentiful but one would be hardpressed to defend the vast area, allowing one to strategically build casles rather than strategically defend a small scarce (or non-existant) farm land.  Stronghold Crusader 2 does not offer this option.  All of the maps have either small amounts of grass, no grass at all, or have it right next to your castle so you cannot build walls without surrounding the grass or building over it.  The fact this game does not offer maps such as that dissappoints me.  The game tries to make it easier to gather food by increasing each facilities output (I only need 4 wheat farms and 4 bakeries to support a population of 60), but that takes away from the experience for me.Next, they tweaked how castle defences work, for the worse I think.  One cannot build castle artillery on towers anymore, instead requiring wooden towers that are placed over straight sections of wall.  This would be tolerable, if one could place these wooden towers diagonally, since I favor walls on the corners of my castles.  In Crusader I would favor the strategy of building many large towers on the corners of my castle and stack them with balistae.  Not possible here.  They also changed how military units work: removing the need for leather armor on macemen, requiring metal armor for crossbowmen, etc.  Not a big deal maybe, but these small things made the strategy for me.  On top of that, a small group of bowmen can kill a similar number of knights' horses, nutralizing the appeal of mounted knights...I would expect horses in armor to have smilar health to a pikeman, not fall to ~2-3 arrows.The ""estate"" system they have decided to keep is also an irk of mine.  You cannot build walls in areas that are not assigned to an estate.  In some cases, this means you cannot build walls 10 squares away from your castle. (~1/4 screen width).  This is very annoying.They also decided to keep the same graphics of Stronghold 2, Legends, 3, etc.  I find it ironic that the sprites of Stronghold Crusader look better than these new graphics.  I also find it semi annoying that there is no unit collision.  Lack of collision kills the strategy of melee on melee formations and blockading.  I recall numeroues times I defeated opponents that had a superior melee force by just running a majority of my force past their units, since that is an exploit with this system.Ok one might say, I should expect changes in a sequel to balance the gameplay.  I don't think these things are balanced.  I find them to be a pain (balistae towers) and unrealistic (unarmored macemen).    Because of all of these unfavorable changes, the lack of map variation, etc, I cannot reccomend this game to any of my friends."
76561198031524682,Not Recommended,232890,13302807,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,YinYang117,"I'm quite a few hours into this game any my main comment is...This Game Feels OLD!Seriously, the menus, the AI, the controls... All of it feels like this game should have come out when Age of Empires did... and that game is a classic!I would not recommend this game. I would rather steer someone toward age of empires, rome total war 2, age of mythology... etc."
76561198149508706,Not Recommended,232890,13287164,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,GordonMcallister,"the most fun in this game is the construction, the graphics aren't great, the Military units aren't very mobile or fun to command, the maps are small and the game is very overpriced.  You are paying for a $10 game, constructing the cities can be tedious but fun... but...get medieval 2, its $20 and comes with soo much more"
,Not Recommended,232890,12984561,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,General Mahsiri,"i was hyped for this gamethe game came out and it turns out a huge dissapointment i am sorry to saythe game feels like stronghold legends , the graphics are bad and look like 2008-ishit is a good game thought but it wouldnt be worth buying unless it is on saleother than that dont buy it."
76561198037125207,Not Recommended,232890,19977822,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,timothymarois,"I am appalled at what Stronghold Crusader 2 has become.I am a huge fan of the original game. This is just horrendous.Let me list a few of the biggest flaws.50/50 Building Limit? are you f*king kidding me? A limit? There was no limit in the first game, you could build as big as you wanted too. I was in a multiplier game, and then I hit this limit, I immediately exited the game. I will not play with limitations, my computer has 32gb of memory, 4.6ghz processing power. I can play multiple games at the same time and experience no lag, and yet I'm limited to a measly 50 building and 125 people, what the f*ck is wrong with you?What do you think happened to Maxis with Simcity5 and their ""We will not build bigger maps"" excuse., they're no longer in business! Everyone was fired. And now City Skylines has taking over that arena with millions of players. and has no limitations. Its brilliant. best game ever made for modders.Ok, on to the next, There is absolutely nothing new to this game at all, its the same assets with 3d graphics.Which is fine, if it was made correctly. The graphics actually suck. They're pathetic, like they could of been made 5 years ago. The animations are just terrible.Bugs:Mouse Disappears consistently.Horse archers don't even shoot when attacked they sit there and die.GAME IS UNBALANCED, resources take too long. And with a building limit, ultimately. you're screwed.You have like 20 apple, cheese, pig farms and yet you're running out of food for no reason (too slow)The BEST part of this game, is the stone walls, the animation as its breaking down, and the building of how they interact with the buildings.By far this is one of the worst games I have every played, yet I loved the original. You ruined it. Destroyed what could of been something good. Whoever thought this was a finish game should go hang themselves right now, it's so pathetic.I wouldn't pay a god damn dime for this horse sh*t. Thank god I bought it on sale, otherwise I'd be asking for a refund and then ask for pay for the time I spent testing this unfinished unreasonable product.The people who built this game fit this tag: amatures"
76561197971731058,Not Recommended,232890,18479569,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Night Fury,"Don't let nostalgia fool you. After Stronghold and Stronghold Crusader, this series went straight to hell. Fireflys studios has either been replaced with all new people, or the old team has lost their creative spark. I really enjoyed the first two games for their minimalist approach on medieval warfare, but that has since been replaced with excessive features and components. This game is just cluttered with soldiers, peasants (villagers), and other buildings and requirements that you have to worry about. It doesn't have a smooth flow to it, and it underperforms greatly for the year in which it was released.This studio has been leeching off the success of its games released over a decade ago. They have failed to come out with anything good in relation to the ""Stronghold"" series since those first two games. Don't take my word for it, look at metacritic. This game is not fun.Lastly, Firefly Studios, you really disappointed me with your customer service. I ordered the game with a description stating that I *would* receive the bonus campaigns, but I never received them. To my surprise, your support was less than willing to help in any way possible. Because of that, I had an extremely short campaign experience. It's laughable that you sell your game like this to all new customers now. Holding back on content never helps the consumer.It appears both the game and team behind the game are of lack-luster quality. To all potential customers, spend your money elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,232890,18733466,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,farinni,This game is not worth that much money.........I am very disappointed!!
76561198030856137,Not Recommended,232890,25073889,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Percevalex,i used to be a crusader franchise fan. Now this game is complete crap.
76561198007370510,Not Recommended,232890,28009793,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Aviation Mgt,Very disapointed in the look and feel on this reboot.  Nothing like the old version
,Not Recommended,232890,23778049,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Moonchild,"This game is sh*t.I am a HUGE fan of the Stronghold Crusader games. This is nothing like them. Despite all of it's bugs, it's just like all of the other stronghold sequels, garbage."
76561198002551082,Not Recommended,232890,23618270,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,"Sogan, the Eternal","Game can be fun, singleplayer is fun, and the game is more challenging. my real concern is the multiplayer and the in game images that the developers are using. First off the multiplayer: is is all about building thick walls at the borders, man them up with crossbowmen, healers and banner carriers and harrash other players with horse archers and then finnish them of, really fun... the other this is the propaganda images that the developers are using. It shows huge castles, huge armies but I have never, ever, EVER seen those thing when playing the game. the housing and money making system is a bit f*cked as well."
,Not Recommended,232890,20197163,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,PuNk!,"Brief Review:""Place your stockpile sire!"" ~ Right in the nostalgic feels.I've been playing the Stronghold games on hard-copy ever since I was a nipper and I've spent untold amount of hours on these bloody games, over-throwing the wolf in the original campaign and making dozens of different scenarios in Stronghold: Crusader's customizable skirmishes. We won't mention Stronghold 2 or 3 however. So you can imagine just how excited I was when I see Stronghold: Crusader II announced!First Impressions:Nostalgic feeling.Gameplay & controls are the same.Graphics are the same as Stronghold 2/3. Hardly much improvement. If any.Positives:Retains all the qualities of a Stronghold game. Have I already mentioned it's nostalgic?Plenty of campaign options and DLC for bonus content.Thankfully they've incorporated a custom skirmish mode, unlike some previous Stronghold games.Multiplayer is fun - but testing.Negatives:They've removed some content;Such as when you click on a building, you could select between ""Bow"" and ""Crossbow"" for example. Now you need to build separate buildings for these and many other things you used to once be able to make your buildings multi-purpose.They've removed mini-video content of the buildings when you used to click on them.There's very little that's new. This just feels like the first Stronghold Crusader - very disappointing.Overall:This game is most definitely NOT worth the price it's been retailed at. I am a massive Stronghold fan and sure, they've had their ups and downs with previous games, but I thought they might've made this game the polished diamond of the series thus far - however, it falls very short of being anything better than the first Stronghold Crusader game.I'm very saddened they haven't ventured anywhere new with the game. The units are the same, apart from a few new additional units you can purchase from the Mercenary Camp. Otherwise, they've taken A LOT of the content away and made the game feel very bare... No, I'm not even joking.I'd rate this game 4/10, it's very disappointing.They've gone nowhere new with it and even stripped it back, making it feel empty. Disappointed sums it up."
,Not Recommended,232890,30651974,Posted: 21 March,all,Tony The Tiger,The first game is wayyyyy better than this and I feel like I'm in the crusades in the first game this one disappointed me and the price is not good good thing I refunded
76561198039679344,Not Recommended,232890,24759538,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,TheUniquePro,its  not the same
76561198055515249,Not Recommended,232890,16005573,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,dirtridercbm,"I don't write many reviews but I feel like I need to write a review about this game. Like a majority of people I have mixed feelings about this game.It's like the earlier style of stronghold games. It is very unlike the first stronghold crusader. I didn't mind the change at first. But after playing for a while I noticed that the selecting and placing of buildings felt very awkward and sluggish. If you have played you probably know what I mean. Some of the siege units that are supposed to keep my troops ""safe"" get killed so fast by so few enemies. Before you blame the sluggishness of the building placement on my computer it definitely isn't my computer. I have a very good gaming computer so don't be blaming it on that. I want to like this game but I just can't. I would recommend buying the first stronghold crusader. It is a much better game."
76561198045590859,Not Recommended,232890,16178570,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Sloban_,"I love the Stronghold series, but I cant reccomend this game. They got a lot wrong here in an effort to make it a game more based on war rather then economy, and the end result is unfortunately not all that fun. let me explain why.The devs said over and over while the game was in development that they were trying to recreate the fast paced skirmish mode feel you got when you played the origional stronghold crusader. While this is a good intention, the end result pretty much adds up to the enemy sending countless waves of small suicide squadrons to your castle CONSTANTLY, never bothering to create larger seige forces as a reaction to your castle growing larger. It is flat out tedious. At the end of a skirmish match when it says you killed literally around 3,000 enemy archers, you just want to smack yourself in the face.They also majorly streamlined the popularity and economic systems from previous games, so now keeping your people happy is as simple as making sure they have food. Making money boils down to making ridiculously high numbers of breweries and candle shops so your peasants are happy enough that you can raise your taxes. So your castle will always be the biggest candle factory and beer company in the Holy Land. Thats very realistic.Apart from that, they also decided to take out the funny little things your peasants said when you click on them, which is kinda sad, and they descided to release more AI opponents two by two in DLCs, after only giving you an insulting eight opponents at launch, while the origional Crusader gave you eleven at launch. and for this high price? its a rip off.Sorry Stronghold fans, this was not the redemtion from Stronghold 3 that you were looking for. At least it functions, though."
,Not Recommended,232890,23310429,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Ξ| JaCkSoN |Ξ,"Old Strongholds are MUCH better. Animations for original Stronghold (& Stronghold Crusader) are much better even though the game is 2D. Very disappointed. If you want real castle sim game, buy Stronghold or Stronghold Crusader HD."
,Not Recommended,232890,15845539,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Stergil,"Don't waste your money, I have big regret on this one.  The AI is subpar, the interface is lacking, the graphics are mediocre, the fun is non-existent."
76561198045249120,Recommended,232890,25266527,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Wolfthorn,"Excellent GameAll the bad reviews doesn't give the game a good reflection. Its my 1st stronghold game and I love it. I played ages of empires 3 for years and I loved it to bits. But I must say, that the depth of stronghold 2 beat age of empires. Buy the game and make your own opinion. In my opinion is it really worth it. I see myself playing this for along time. The way the AI interact with you is a huge bonus. With age of empire , after a while everything feels the same and it looses some appeal. But with stronghold there's a new challenge every time you play. Even the AI are much more intelligent. This game gets a 8/10 from me."
76561198058884618,Not Recommended,232890,18043750,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Inwold,"Non je ne recommande pas ce jeu ! Pour moi firefly c'est encore bien lourdé ! c'est une déception...Etant un gros joueur du premier crusader celui ci me laisse un gout amere..-Les graphismes bon ok ce n'est pas le plus important mais c'est a peine plus beau que stronghold 2 sortit en 2005 ! Pourquoi diable firefly s'entête à faire leur jeux en 3D?? Ils n'y arrivent pas ! c'est mal optimisé pour ce que c'est et c'est moche , vide... ! Un belle 2D aurai été grandement plus bénéfique .-Le gameplay mon dieux que c'est lent ! sauf pour les IA bizzarement mdr tout est plus chere que le premier ce qui tue la fluidité et la rapidité du jeu qui étais bonne dans le premier quand on connaissais les ficelles de l'économie. BIensur le nombre de troupe est ULTRA LIMITE et merci qui ? merci au moteur 3D qui pue...Certain élément du premiers ont disparue comme les douves , moin de construction pour les défenses du chateaux : pas de tour carré , ronde , de défense ext.. juste une de guet , tour moyenne et grande et pis basta au final les chateaux se ressemble tous plus ou moin bof !-Le son bah rien d'extraordinaire mise a part les voix qui nous donnes envie de nous jeter par la fenetre avec l'ordi mdrLes voix sont RIDICULE , déja un peu dans le premier mais ils avaient leur charme ! la c'est vraiment d'un surjoué ! et puis bon dieux quand le scribe annonce un message de l'ia c'est vraiment craignos exemple : Vous avez un message de richard... mdr on parle de richard coeur de lion pas de richard le pagu du coin !♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sa c'est du détaille qui fais tache !Bon je m'arrete la je pourrai lui trouver des points positives mais la trop c'est trop, la prochaine fois je garderai mes deniers. Ciao !"
76561198006586220,Recommended,232890,17003497,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,eDu,Enjoyable Game!!!
76561198041553266,Not Recommended,232890,12292329,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Superfluid,For fans of the Stronghold franchise this is a great game to play alongside russian roulette
76561198060816954,Not Recommended,232890,30809977,Posted: 29 March,all,Dalkironik,complete♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ really think this game should be refunded
76561198204998749,Not Recommended,232890,24243405,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Natethegreat,Not that good compared to stronghold crusader HD
,Not Recommended,232890,12293483,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,farkingcomedy,"This game is more visually appealing then the other games but has several elements like honor, feasts, dances, and the ability to decorate your castle removed. The AI is incredibly stupid so moving troops around as well as using siege equipment properly is impossibly. The controls of units and how the combat system plays out is one of the worst things I have used and the fact unit stacking is still an issue I would rather just play Stronghold 2. This game needs to be updated drastically."
,Not Recommended,232890,14248087,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,CaimsPact,"Just want to say that I still play stronghold extreem. I first had a payed for cd of Stronghold Crusader, til it broke, then I had my brother get me a copy on a clean cd. Then that broke and I got the extreem version on cd, but after use it too was getting tired so I got it here on steam too. You can say I had realy high hopes for crusader 2. Sadly it was a huge let down. Yea to some degree the graffics are better, but even with the cool new castle animations and the cool new units that are a combo of archers and swordmen, the game is not close to as fun as the original. They took away so much I loved about the game. I guess this is somthing that happens over and over in games and movies. It makes me think the creator of this game never like Stronghold Crusader game to begin with."
76561198310908789,Recommended,232890,24717608,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Iced Americano,"A very quality Game with Great Graphics and down to earth gameplay. I really enjoyed the Military options and diversification of units. There are also drawbacks, such as they took out some of the features. I have played all of the Stronghold Series and I have to say this is my favorite simply because I can enjoy the gameplay with my friends and not have to worry about any over powered tactics."
76561197991679075,Not Recommended,232890,16380504,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,NrKy,"Nothing new in this game except for a few combat units and a pretty graphics engine. Exactly the same game mechanics as the originals, same tiny amount of production types, and even less beautification/fear items available.Just go buy the original Stronghold for $2."
,Not Recommended,232890,15981843,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Taktisches Hustenbonbon,What a waste of time and money... It is dull and dumbed down.
,Not Recommended,232890,29885127,Posted: 12 February,all,Wyrm,"Probably the worst game I've ever played in my entire lifeOnly play if you want a game where you can waste as much time as possible in a single match, and seek a devastating feeling of unfulfillment and emptiness once it's over."
76561197967942268,Not Recommended,232890,14752820,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,w00ty,just like the last game
76561198038487437,Not Recommended,232890,20928090,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,B4ndoGor4,Yeah well i've learnt my lesson. Got burned with Stronghold 3 now this. I won't be buying anymore FireFly games. Guys just do yourself a favour and forget how amazing their games used to be.
76561198038233616,Not Recommended,232890,18506282,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,sadsimon,dieses game ist eine entäuschung
76561197996002534,Not Recommended,232890,23808732,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,kornjerker,It crashes after every match
76561197991395539,Recommended,232890,15990603,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,(◡‿◡✿) ＳｕｍｍｅｒＬｏｖｅ¹⁹⁹⁴,"I loved the original string of Firefly games. They worked hard to try and match the feels from those early editions. The game is a rapid mix of base building, economic management and attacking counters. The strategy in this is quite good with a lot of work done to balance things out. This release does lack much of the charm the original stronghold games had. The art style used to be focused on detail, cities feeling alive within its inhabitants. What's left is an ugly shell of a game trying to replicate the strengths of its predecessor. Still worth a go for its online play and there's enough content in here if you're into AI skirmishes."
76561198067407694,Not Recommended,232890,18957217,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Hy is my kat,Stephen Hawking runs better than this game.
,Recommended,232890,24494037,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,KRITSAKORN39,Good game.
,Recommended,232890,30953437,Posted: 4 April,all,Mr.Rager,amazing game
,Recommended,232890,15548374,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Dene,"Amazing game,well developed,adiction of note.Well dont to you developers."
76561198060620290,Not Recommended,232890,12441631,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,JWA1979,The graphic are very dated. I'm amazed since this game came out this year. The graphics are not even as good as Age of   Empire 3 and it came out in 2005. You can't queue your guys to move or produce or fight. Even small groups of men move without any ease or grace. Troops movement is almost like they are gliding rather than walking. This game just isn't worth the price they are charging.Don't buy this game....just keep playing Age of Empires 3.
76561198040724388,Recommended,232890,16769669,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Mayor McDank,"You will like this game if you liked the first crusader. it takes some getting used to with some changes to the rate at which food is produced and how much stone it takes to build things but once you get the hang of it, its pretty fun. It does still have some minor bugs.Commanding troops to move on walls or towers, they don't always go to the spot you want them. if you want that extra tiny bit of range by moving archers to the front of the tower, this bug can be annoying. however, once you find a sweet spot while clicking around, you can get them to where you want them.I would recommend this to any long time rts players, but would be hesitant to recommend it to new players. I have played the stronghold series since i was 7 years old (now 19) and i find this game challenging. If you are willing to take the time to learn, buy it."
76561198003514518,Recommended,232890,17415249,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Albinoloach,"Put simply, it's fun, though pretty heavily flawed. I would'nt recommend gettting it at full price, though if it goes on sale for 50% off or more, then I think it's worth checking out."
76561198058787019,Not Recommended,232890,25336034,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Arn de Gothia,"I don't really know what it is exactly, but the old one is so much more appealing. :(I recommend that one. (Stronghold Crusader HD, or just Stronghold HD)"
76561198021998492,Not Recommended,232890,29241360,Posted: 13 January,all,Piter de Vries,"Decent presentation for an unbalanced,♥♥♥♥♥♥poor AI. Sounded like a fun premise, but I have found nothing but frustration with getting into this game."
,Recommended,232890,15693170,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Szarekh The Silent King,I love this. I am obbessed with the crusades and this game is the perfect thing for me. I recomend it to all!
76561198062662550,Recommended,232890,32655785,Posted: 22 June,all,WhiteCollarCrimes,Deus Vult
76561198030181153,Recommended,232890,24829410,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Colonel Stauffenberg,A very quality Game with Great Graphics.
76561198051287119,Recommended,232890,26448124,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,CAPTAIN ALEX,"Great Game to be honest, tho not everyone like these mediveal stratetgy kind of games. It is better than 1, i like it, enjoy it, although servers very rarely crashed with me online. Recommended if you like the theme of the game."
76561198109423907,Not Recommended,232890,21998734,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,nikisss69,"I really love Stronghold games, however since they switchhed to 3D they are too glitchy. This is not stronghold crusader 2, more likely stronghold 2 v2. Either fix the units or make it like a medevial sim city. I really enjoy Stronghold economic missions."
76561198026998903,Not Recommended,232890,22440802,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Dylpickle,This game is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,232890,26451765,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,CROATIAN Anonymous,"Great game! Old, but gold! Don't listen to players how say that this game is bad, or that 1st part was better. 1st part was also good, but this on is better 'cuz:✔3D world✔peasents won't block buildings✔ Wolf, Rat and Pig will send you message if they are your allys (not a knight)✔easier to place buildings✔more troops✔able to choose design of the lordThe most of people say that this game is bad 'cuz it is:-buggy-bugs can be fixed and I hope that Firefly will fix this after release of SH2 (5. October 2017.)-needs to spent more wood and stone on buildings-whitch is realistic-no moats-this is also realistic, I mean not like you can find water in the middle of the dessert (even if I miss this part)-and some fans of original Cusader say that 3D world is bad- I also played first part and I will never get why people don't like thishope this reviwe was helpful"
76561198109340802,Not Recommended,232890,27293269,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Townsend,Awful.
,Not Recommended,232890,23816199,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,HippoHQ,So far this game has crashed EVERY time I have run it.
,Not Recommended,232890,31000055,Posted: 7 April,all,Country Blumpkin,They removed nearly all good features from older Stronghold games. The only thing they added is that you get disconnected in multiplayer.
,Not Recommended,232890,22852901,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,BobABooey,"I really wanted to like this game, and in some ways it is a fun game, but overall it suffers from so many terrible design flaws I can't recommend it.  The skirmish missions are the most frustrating aspect of the game.  Horrible friendly AI, impossibly difficult scenarios, etc...  The story mode is way too short and the story itself is completely forgetable.  Horrible sound effects and music.  Some aspects of the economy are pointless.  Many units are worthless.  All in all the game is just very poorly designed and antiquated compared to other modern RTS games.  Don't waste your money."
,Recommended,232890,28973047,Posted: 3 January,all,Smeagol,"I bought a game that constantly tells me that I am the greatest lord, what's not to like ?10/10 Would be greatest lord again !"
,Recommended,232890,24274090,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,SeriousMaX,A very nice game.....continue in doing strategy games....I hope you will continue this series
76561198030788735,Not Recommended,232890,23395943,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,iamwardrobedoor,Pretty much the same as Stronghold Crusader 1 with nicer graphics
,Recommended,232890,24008726,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Tinuven,"Bought this in the Steam sale for £5, instead of the advertised £30 and must admit I've enjoyed the game so far. Not entirely sure its worth the full £30, maybe £20 at a push, but its a welcome return to the Stronghold Crusader series. A bit of nostalgia, the game runs well on Windows 10 and runs fast on my computer at high settings level. Troops react well to enemy incursion, meaning if you station your army well on the walls and ensure a good covering the army will repel most attacks without needing further command. If you enjoyed the original Stronghold games you'll enjoy this!"
76561198142003189,Not Recommended,232890,23909620,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Literal God,Not as good as the original. AI OP3/10 on a good day
,Recommended,232890,23904627,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Weldericious,"Reading a lot of the reviews, i was sceptical about buying the game. But since Stronghold is one of the games that got me into gaming itself, i just had to try it. This game deserves a much better rating. I played every single Stronghold game, so i think i know what i am talking about here. I really enjoyed playing Stronghold Crusader 2 from the minute i started up the first mission. Took a little while to get used to the UI that differs from its predecessors, but its not such a big deal. I really love the gameplay and the use of the HAVOC engine, it really makes the game feel more alive. I bought the special edition of the game on sale for 5,99e. It was a great deal, because you get Stronghold HD aswell.Pros:+ Gameplay+ HAVOC Engine+ Graphics+ SoundCons:- UI might be confussingI really think the game is great and i think more people would buy it if it had a choice of replacing the UI with one that is similiar to the classic UI from Stronghold, Stronghold Crusader.I recommend that you buy this game! You will enjoy it!"
76561198024186585,Not Recommended,232890,30736141,Posted: 25 March,all,Husamof,Nothing like Stronghold series. Totally different game and very dificult to play. Lack of unit engine and game engine. Very slow game. Animations are also suck.
,Not Recommended,232890,21951171,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Mhinbron,"If you want a fun strategy castle sim buy Stronghold Crusader HD not this garbage.  Ugly visuals, slow drawn out gameplay, horrendous voice acting. . . It has nothing on it's predecessor so just buy that instead save yourself a few bucks and have a lot more fun."
76561197976162117,Not Recommended,232890,21964225,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,SaltyBurst,"This is a game I wish I never bought.If you're looking for AOE 2 or RON or EE or anything similiar, this isn't it.I think of myself as experienced, having played all of the titles listed above and conquered them on the hardest diff, including missions.Then comes SC2. This game is just weird. Certain building area's, food goes so fast, peasants are just moody ♥♥♥♥s, and the AI just loves ninja's.There has to be ONLY one way to start your city out in this game. Like it micromanages the♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to RTS's like Starcraft 2 which are SLOWER paced then this game. If you can play this game on full speed and win, congrats, you know the trick.I have tried. Several times since I bought this POS for 60 dollars long ago and I just can't do it. I install it, get my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me by AI in Skirms, either ""campaign based"" or just random and get rolled over.I don't get it. I understand the different buildings and how they work, I understand the fundamentals of the game but the AI are just punishing. They either go super ninja after my king ( AKA when my♥♥♥♥♥♥ass army is out protecting my lumberjacks or farms ) OR go straight for my buildings ( AKA when my army is inside the castle trying to keep that dumbass king alive ).It's not complex. I just don't enjoy games that require you to have ONE set starting build in order to survive. The pressure gets put on right out of the gate and they have like tier 5 units coming in with a set of 4 and can wipe 30 of my basic♥♥♥♥♥♥units within the first 5 minutes.It's just brutal on normal. If you crank it down to Easy ( I THINK ) it becomes dull because they don't do anything. I honestly think the AI are a bunch of hardcore cheating ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s by how their base and amount of buildings vs mine within the first 3 minutes of the game looks.I wanted a game to bring me back to those good old RTS games.This wasn't it."
76561198002543757,Not Recommended,232890,12424670,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,genchaos55,"Feels like a beta release.  I loved the games that this one was trying to be and I bought this one without doing any research.  The AI is reminiscent of Command and Conquer 1, the graphics are so so, the physics are nothing special, and its maps are generally terrible.  This game is in desperate need of its own map editor.  The map selection is unforgivably bad.  There’s not a lot of variety either and the campaign is extremely boring.  Save your money for something else."
76561197984034098,Not Recommended,232890,21792423,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,mads snack cracker,"buggy, broken, unballenced, a total letdown for a fan of the series. save your money or buy something else."
,Recommended,232890,25865058,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Woah!,"i like the first one better, but its still a good game"
76561198021648550,Recommended,232890,12333274,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,nateLT,Stronghold Crusader 2 in which you Crusade around a Stronghold with 2x more fun.10/10 would ride ox tether.
,Not Recommended,232890,22232341,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,DarkCow,"--As a sequal--The first crusaders was better in most aspects. Several of its features are missing from this game. Including happiness buildings which offered a nice way to decor castles. Building sizes are reduced which makes it easier to build. However, max number of buildings and limitation on build areas negates this change. AIs seem to be stupider and don't interact as much. When they do its almost meaning less, including responding very late after things happen.Tutorials are too segmented. Eg collect wood & food, then collect stone & iron, then build weapons. The missions take longer to load then complete. Most should have been combined into a single eco mission. That then showed the player threw each party. Instead of having a single task that is very easy to complete.--As a game--Compared to most games these days its laking. Its a bit slow paced for having fast paced combat. Several features are not fully implemented. Some features are almost worthless to use. Random events seem to effect players more than AIs.AIs tend to cheap a good bit. Including spawning units were units didn't exist. Putting out fires that would normal burn down player's bases. As well getting resources out of no where.GUIs seem to freeze up, multiplayer seems to stall out and crash."
76561198050152389,Not Recommended,232890,13479386,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,luketheduke47,"As a die hard Stronghold series fan I was really anticipating a sequal to Crusader 1. The problem I forsee with this sequal is exactly what the rest of the community is stating, minimal additions, slow units, and the sizes of buildings are just some of the problems involved with this game.I cannot just point out all the negatives, as their are plenty of positives involved with this sequal. The gameplay stays similar to the original, the AI has progressed, and the ambient audio truly immerses you in the crusader atmospehere.All in all its a good game, but not worth $50. If your into games such as this I recommend getting it on sale."
76561198272712322,Recommended,232890,21022469,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Tubday,Just started but looks good
76561198062471511,Not Recommended,232890,22555243,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Starfox,Stronmghold Crusdader 0.5
76561198066848292,Recommended,232890,23149869,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Eureka!,"Very nice nice intense and rewarding feeling when victorious and a great sequel and brings back childhood memories of the first game. Complaints: enemy attacks seem like they are of lesser scale but more frequent (AI), which is annoying, no time to relax and its not a oh♥♥♥♥♥♥factor when you see them coming, its more of a ""didnt u just attack 1.5 minutes ago?"" and your attacks will constantly be runing into them. The price of 50$ is too much 25 is more like it, but around this time this far after release? 20. deforestization is a issue and i think trees should grow back on all maps. Seems very grindy after a while in a game if you are matched with your oppenet. Peasant cap should be 50 people at the campfire. overall a great game with great economy play, very fun to play with your friends. I would recommend this game very much, Still a big improvement from previous games in my opinion, Not as much grinding for population happiness as it took in previous games which is nice."
,Recommended,232890,28965173,Posted: 2 January,all,Thor,Like Age of Empires but better graphics.
76561198023086890,Recommended,232890,28981183,Posted: 3 January,all,JOKER☢ cs.money,good game.
76561198088569283,Recommended,232890,17805552,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,[PK]Bernie_Sanders,"I find it enjoyable, I've played every type of rts- strategy type of game. Having said this, the game over all is nice. There are a few bugs and what not but i just love the fact that i can build walls and have men guard em an watch em fire. And epic battles. Now that being said the game struggles late game with fps. My computer being able to run any game at full graphics and perfect internet speed the game fails at that. But other then that its truly a fun ejoyable time. Deserves more credit then it gets. And to all of you complaining about the price. You do realise how much money it takes to make a game. And its not like these guys had a ""kickstater"" or non that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to fund 80% of the game. so calm ur♥♥♥♥♥♥build some walls and catapult some cows."
76561198048871777,Recommended,232890,18498668,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,t_h_omy,"Definitely brings back the old feeling of the first Crusader.The new balancing is well done and learnt lessons from previous Stronghold games are implemented nicely.Graphics are not next Gen (well, actually not even current Gen), but for me the gameplay counts.Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,232890,33687810,Posted: 20 July,all,XJAG,"Really good game, you just need to know how to play it"
76561198058718506,Not Recommended,232890,24414494,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Sir Walken,"I bought this game because I liked the others quite a bit, but resource colletion and terrible AI really just ruined it for me."
76561198060602321,Not Recommended,232890,15997902,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Terotac,Feels weird...
76561198049930973,Not Recommended,232890,23322488,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Cynic,"Having extreme lag with a GTX 770 and a 2500k i5 clocked to 4,5 ghz .Just unplayable, haven\'t found anything that solves the lag."
76561198047717642,Not Recommended,232890,23385114,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,cafrank,*Stronghold Crusader 2 is the long awaited sequel to the original castle sim. After 12 years Stronghold returns to the desert with a new 3D engine and powerful Havok Physics.* and nothing else... the rat/10
76561198006769071,Not Recommended,232890,23796143,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Commissar Fuklaw,"Every time those devs release a stronghold game these days, it has exactly the same advantages and the same flaws as their predecessors, safe slightly better graphics. This is tiring."
76561198047281447,Recommended,232890,14686293,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Stormarrow,An improved version of Stronghold Crusader 2 keeping the new housing element from Stronghold 3.  Its a great Sequel to Stronghold Cursader.  I highly recomend it if you liked Stronghold Crusader.
,Not Recommended,232890,14787940,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Gldn,Horrible Tutorial. I learned nothing which lead to me dropping buildings for no reason other than to find out what they do. I'm not an expert at middle age warfare how about a hand? Great for masochist!
,Not Recommended,232890,16378428,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Blitzenluft,"If you're wanting Crusader 1 improved, don't get this game."
,Not Recommended,232890,17031496,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,mhorman,"Have bought and enjoyed all Stronghold games right from the first, though after Stronghold 3 I decided not to buy any more.  However I finally relented and bought Crusader 2 after reading quite a few favourable reviews.While I agree with the complaints regarding the cost of the game and the DLC, this would not put me off recommending the game, nor would the removal of some units and the slight dumbing down of the strategy.  In my opinion this is more than made up for by the major improvement to the wall and castle building which now works well and looks really good.I am running the game at maximum settings and it is running very smoothly, although I cannot comment on multiplayer as I do not use it for this type of game.  To be honest, I would be very happy playing the game but for one thing.  The camera.When buidling, it would be really usefull to be able to tilt the camera, but I realise adding tilt could be rather difficult.  The ability to zoom out much further than at present should however be feasible.  At present, even on minimum zoom, you can see only a small fraction of what is happening around you.  Even with a fairly small castle being attacked on several sides, you can spend more time controlling the camera than controlling your forces, it is almost impossible to take in the big picture.To summarise, I think Stronghold Crusader 2 is a really good game made totally unplayable by an extremely limited camera view."
76561198035543493,Not Recommended,232890,24079833,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,wilboern,"Worse than the original SC, only buy if on sale."
76561198068620673,Not Recommended,232890,32772181,Posted: 25 June,all,Bernard Montgomery,"Awful, do not buy this, instead buy the first Stronghold Crusader."
,Not Recommended,232890,31015988,Posted: 8 April,all,Master Splinter,AI is so stupid
,Recommended,232890,34025291,Posted: 4 August,all,Cedjoe,Nice strategy game
76561198239917974,Recommended,232890,27389085,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Saintally,Love this game always will!
,Recommended,232890,12280345,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Da Sacred Applepie,"The gameplay is very much like the old Stronghold games. I do indeed find the game challenging, and I've had some fun hours playing it. I am though not certain if it is worth the cost.If you really liked the old Stronghold games, then you would probably find this one rather enjoyable aswell.(7/10 recommendation)"
76561197973122344,Not Recommended,232890,16326203,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Dolan,"Meh, Not worth the $60 price tag.  unplayable if against 3 players. Slows down to a frozen screen, and stays that way.  Please save your money and do not buy it."
,Recommended,232890,22222115,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Safalatka,Super hra!!!
76561198105638142,Recommended,232890,22225166,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,DID IT FOR THE LULZ,"I honestly have no idea why this game gets such a bad review from so many people.  Sure, it's not as great as the original, but what sequeal to any game is as good?  The bottom line is that this game is still sound, and most of the bugs in the game have been patched at least to my general view.  Sure, some of the mechanics and things could be better, but hey, all games have their flaws.One thing I did want to bring to attention is that this game is still kind of buggy.  Things don't seem to line up super well and the actual units themselves can get kind of glitchy.  Other than that though, the game still provides me with lots of fun.  I bought this game on sale for 10$, and can say that it is worth at least that much.  But 50$? No thanks.  Get the game on sale.  I would wait for another sale like this weekends, or maybe up to half off at the most.  But don't pay full price.  This is nowhere near as good as something like The Witcher 3, which was worth every penny.Hope this review is at least somewhat helpful.  It's still a great game and addition to the series, and they did redeem themselves quite a bit after the disaster that was stronghold 3.  So I personally would ignore all the negative reviews, as most of them complain about problems that existed in the original games, but of course they didn't have a way to comment for those ones.  Any solid member of the Stronhold Series would still enjoy this game, especially for 10 bucks."
76561198202681302,Not Recommended,232890,22225404,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,debflwr,WHY  ARE THE CITISINS UNHAPPY WHEN I  PAY THEM AND FEED THEM AND THERE NOT ATTACKED 10\10 DO NOT RECOMEND.I HOPE THE CREATORS FIX THIS STUFF
76561198016481539,Recommended,232890,22221976,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,shrunk,this  game is   not that  bad  yes i recommend it
,Recommended,232890,25592181,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,skatemo89,Gameplay is smooth and fast paced.
76561198075034606,Recommended,232890,22387236,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,jotuba,"I don't have the newest computer  (it handles Civ 2 fine) but this game crashes. A lot. Maybe you have the kind of focus that you can stay in the game from beginning to end; I get... distracted. I do like that when I tab out the game pauses (though the long stretches waiting for resources could be better tempered by checking Ello) but I like that I can't just forget and suddenly I'm dead!On the down side, I tab out too often and it slows more and more and then just dies. Which is unfortunate because that's usually right around the time that I have FINALLY built up what I need...The game is fun, I like the personality of the 'assistant', and some of the other dialogue is adorably cheeky. I find it rather challenging without being too frustrating, so if I could GET to the point of 'win or lose' before the game dies, I really enjoy it!"
76561198130243331,Recommended,232890,22187855,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Chief Keef,10/10
,Not Recommended,232890,29626225,Posted: 1 February,all,darkmoose,I would not recommend this game with a 10 foot stick.
,Recommended,232890,26557820,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Dwi Dobelyu,"Playing multiplayer, meet player with full of tree hut, bakery, ale and ugly wall design..15minute later..You defeated...Btwi like all resource gathering.. except wood, coz tree grow so slowly and limited"
,Not Recommended,232890,28730676,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,UrbanFury,"Low population limit, which is kinda of necessary due to the game running awful. Graphically it's a little bit better looking than Stronghold 2, but it runs quite a bit worse. If you look at the pictures on the steam page they've got to be photoshopped or something. Castle building system is clunky and limited. I think most of the issues with this game could be fixed or resolved if they offered some sort of modding support. Stronghold could be such an amazing game. I don't know what's wrong with Firefly and year after year of disappointment I don't even care anymore. I don't think I'll purchase another game that has Firefly Studios attached to it. I'm just done."
,Recommended,232890,22385515,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,dretahølk,"Build big magnificent walls, only to have some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ arab come and tear it down."
76561198218902655,Recommended,232890,29547264,Posted: 28 January,all,Meowvoid,"Its a pretty good game, I would definently recommend this for people who like warcraft 2 and games of that sort. To be honest though, if you have played war craft 2, you will know it is quite challenging sometimes, this game, brings that ""challenge"" to a whole new level. Also a definite recommend if you LOVE medieval stuff, the editor for this is also AMAZING! I spend a lot of my time on the editor making maps. Multiplayer and making custom skirmishes could be a bit better! A solid 4.7 for me! (Note: Only buy it when its really on sale, otherwise the HUGE normal price is zero percent worth it.)"
,Recommended,232890,29872691,Posted: 12 February,all,kopoklekor,"Great strategy game! Just like in real world, with food, resources and politic, best RTS ever!"
76561198123274752,Not Recommended,232890,28724917,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,bostjan [SI],TOTAL STUPID GAME.
,Recommended,232890,29907385,Posted: 13 February,all,Zealous ᕙ( ︡’︡益’︠)ง,fun
76561198034095529,Not Recommended,232890,29430817,Posted: 22 January,all,jasonswhite,"Nothing new, but they took out a lot from older versions.  Play the older versions."
76561198049385467,Recommended,232890,32965769,Posted: 28 June,all,Cpt tOad,:d
76561198244893666,Recommended,232890,23927377,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,[TRE]Slayer.exe,ITS K
76561198124690229,Recommended,232890,14395708,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,FMcCock,"Good concept, but lacking content. Would recommend only if on sale."
76561198032651331,Recommended,232890,12219457,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,KurAngCeReT-One_Year,"Was having quite fun in custom skirmish mode, will probably consider writing a review later."
76561198152353563,Not Recommended,232890,13348407,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Stephania,"I got 60FPS in ROME TOTAL WAR 2 and got 5FPS on this game, you must buy on amazing PC before try this gameMy is (i7 4770k-gtx750ti)"
76561198134186690,Recommended,232890,22231831,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Pasza triceps,stronghold crusader 2 does not suck its fun to play but the campaingn can be very hard after a while
76561198088625501,Recommended,232890,31451272,Posted: 29 April,all,Nate_Prødš [MN],"Great game, all the aspects out of Crusader 1 that I love and with an easy multiplayer interface.Cons: Price is a little steep"
,Not Recommended,232890,31290598,Posted: 21 April,all,sPHe0niX,"Let me down, got boring very quickly"
,Recommended,232890,22764617,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Denis,Great game but after almost 2 years it still have bugs on assassins & other things.
,Recommended,232890,29967559,Posted: 16 February,all,PrincessLia,love it
76561198165512072,Recommended,232890,24647525,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Anakaris,"Good just because look like the original crusader. The game have just few upgrades, like new units and new visual. This is the thrue stronghold 2."
,Recommended,232890,24467883,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,JEJE,a
,Recommended,232890,22235166,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,NoNpLaYeR,"Nice game finaly got it, have it's bugs but it's fun"
76561198048785269,Recommended,232890,20344432,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Darth Auhsoj,"I bought it when it came out, but only just started playing it.  Honestly, if there are bugs, i haven't experienced them yet.  The AI cheating is slightly annoying but really only adds on the difficulty, which I see as a good thing.  I enjoy the multiplayer even though I get my butt whooped.  I don't see the lack of AAA graphics as a bad thing, It's a self published indie game, what are we to expect.  Overall the gameplay is difficult as I find myself losing half the time, but I enjoy the challenge of having to come up with new ways to win.  Is the game perfect? No,  Is it winning any awards any time soon? No.  Is it fun and do I look forward to completing the campaign and playing multiplayer?  Absolutely!"
,Recommended,232890,22660655,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,pakteri,Great game like the first one. So much fun!
76561198020793682,Recommended,232890,25728891,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,whosyourdaddy,Playing Stronghold since Stonhold Crusader and i like the new things in this version
,Recommended,232890,27599933,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Creative.Chaos.Com,"You have to love throwing cows in this game, and all the others."
76561198285579963,Recommended,232890,28146033,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,☻♦Wolfwood 3173♦☻,...
76561198022141057,Recommended,232890,15958002,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,mark.howard1,"I am a long time fan of Stronghold and have played everything they have to offer.  This game was still fun and challenging in places but I found it laggy when the graphics were put under pressure.Overall, I'd still recommend it but maybe this is for the more hardened player who just wants to play every release from Firefly.  I fall into that category and had plenty of fun completing it without too many gameplay issues."
76561198025324180,Recommended,232890,18566524,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Walter,"This game is decent. It's not as good as the original Stronghold Crusader, but it's still a decent game. The change from 2D to 3D makes the game appear almost cartoonish but after a few hours of playing you'll get use to it.This is the definition of an average game. It's not great, but it's not terrible."
,Recommended,232890,20444143,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,w0lfcelt,Love it
76561198120711048,Recommended,232890,26645061,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Noob-Lol,goood game i like it
76561197987839010,Recommended,232890,28795392,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,mhonarvar,"First Stronghold game I've played... it's good - not as great as some say it is.Coming from AOE (1,2,3) and Starcraft - I was expecting something more in depth than RTS. Coming from Sim City and Skylines I was expecting more management.""Castle"" building is more like wall/tower building.... only inside a magical boundary on the map...meh. Once you have a basic wall up - stone is irrelevant.Economy/gathering is interesting, but Like most other games - max workers and build every type of food/low taxes FTW.Building happens instantly and with no workers, same with troop building. If you have the gold...spam 100 units in 10 seconds.I like the idea of making weapons/armor for your troops - but thats about the only thing it does better than AOE.No stat listing, no upgrading weapon dmg/armor def. No technology tree.This is basically ""regicide"" game mode in AOE. Kill the king...I mean ""Lord"".This just makes me want to play AOE again.Buy it if it is on sale like I did."
,Recommended,232890,26520670,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,vikingphoenix,this is a very fun game with much better graphics than the first part.
76561198007589948,Recommended,232890,28632539,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Ak4sh4,"Played a few games and so far I am not sure how to feel about this game. It seems it sacrificed too much for nice UI and the lack of need to build stockpiles all over your castle like in crusader. Some buildings are simply too expensive like houses and especially mill. But what I dislike the most and wanted fixed since the time of first stronghold is the very limited space on which you can build your castle. In crusader 2 it is even smaller than in crusader and you cant really get creative in building one. You will have most of your buildings for food or wood exposed outside of the castle walls which makes it very hard to protect them. I guess it gives some sort of reality into the game but this is one thing where I dont think it is needed.Also the lack of restart game option is a bummer for me. Miss that a lot too. On the other hand the AI of enemies is good and the kings are unique which is nice + a lot of missions to kill some time.Definitely not worth the full price but for 3,5 Euros in current sale it is not bad. I would give it 7/10."
,Recommended,232890,22480986,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Dynamo Jackson,"Don't listen to the reviews saying even die-hard fans should stay away, it's one of the best 3D Stronghold games in the series. A mostly decent castle rts with a few holes, some losses, but  many new features (including achievements).  I don't understand why some reviewers tore it to shreds, have they really played all of the Stronghold games?  It's definitely not complete trash and better than most of the lesser ""3D"" Strongholds for sure.Gameplay: Overall, the game objective remains the same - build your castle and economy, make troops, conquer the enemy through a series of skermish trails.  Like Crusader I, the sequel also focuses more on wartime than peace-time - so you will find more war and defense buildings and less economy peacetime buildings. Too much disappointment, the Fear Factor system has been removed...seriously, what the hell? Production is stuck at slow as hell now.  Economic management has been improved with the lovely ""automatic trades""  at the market and finer tuned popularity management with supply adjustments all made in a single window.  You can also see your daily production & consumption levels of popularity supporting goods to be sure the production meets the need. Troops vary from many familiar to several new troops as well.  New troops include some most-powerful ""leader"" troops that will boost the defense and attack for certain troops around them - Sergent for Knights, Slave Master for Slaves. A few favorites from Crusader I were unfortunately replaced with new troops too .  Keeping them all and adding on would have been better...I miss the underrated rock throwers.Difficulty: Difficultly has been taken up a notch as Enemy AI loves to rush your castle early.  Even the weaker known AI such as The Rat will provide a greater challenge.  Some players say the enemy AI cheats more too and spawns many troops regardless of how bad their popularity and economy are doing.  Mastering stategic defense early is utmost importance, troops (towers & crossbowmen) must be made before much of the economy.  Popularity responds significantly faster to your economy now with negative and positive ratings immediately affecting your peasants - i.e. the moment your popularity drops, workers start leaving in seconds!!  Also castles are more expensive to build with stone walls costing 7 stone each and stone curtains being 3 stone...stone stocks too low sir!!Performance:  The game runs fine until your castle starts filling up with tons of buildings (Bakers, Brewers, Hovels), peasants, and troops.  Then even systems with a Radeon R9 3GB+ will have frame rates of around 25ish.  This isn't a bad console port and they really should optimize the code further.  It's not horrible  and I still enjoy the game plenty regardless, but it is funny that my system also runs Fallout 4 around 45-60fps on max graphics... Many of the major glitches and flaws noted by early reviewers are now patched up and gone, however I do still rarely see the ""crusified troops"" glitch where they walk in a frozen T position for a bit or also troops getting stuck on the stairs. Also the audio for catapult rocks hitting stone structures and walls is overloaded and WAY TOO LOUD.Visual:  The graphics are similar to Stronghold 3 and perhaps even better. The animations are about the same too.  The enemy AI FMVs have been completely redone with entirely new and goofier looking characters for classic familiar foes and many new adversaries.  The interface really varies from a crappy low res title screen of an assassin (come on, looks like crap) to a nicely done very zen feeling skirmish trail amongst the stars.  Some recycled troop graphics from Stronghold 3 for sure.Audio:  A mix of half recycled, half new when it comes to effects and music - perhaps more new.  This is typical for Stronghold games.  Music really varies, but I feel it is not randomized enough and many tracks are rarely heard while a few are played too often.  Classic familiar AI features new voice acting that is a complete joke compared to the much more intimidating classic voice acting.  The Pig now says things like, ""No No No, that's ma land!"" compared to ""I WILL CRUSH YOU!!! I WILL KIWWLLL YOU!!!."" The Rat is also more dull and bore with phrases like, ""My father didn't like ya, I don't like ya either."" Blah.  The newer non-familiar enemy voiceacting (mostly arabic tyrants) does seem to be higher quality and more charismatic charm though.  Lionheart seems decent enough too actually.Conclusion: A worthy castle sim gameplay for many new and veteran fans alike but nothing perfect or AAA.  Die-hard fans shall enjoy the new features plenty to make up for the loss of some favored features.  It's not the best RTS and there are flaws, but it's still pretty fun and easily to get lost in for hours.  Firefly always releases these too early in development, but I luckily began to play after much of the final development.  I'd say grab it on sale, and definitely wait for the DLC to go on sale.  The main game is tough and should offer plenty while waiting on the DLC."
,Recommended,232890,26485664,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,™★tntsuslik/trade TF😬,this game is delightful and i love it.Strong hold crusader 2 is the best strong hold there is.Its realy addivee and i love it.i realy recmend you to wach or play it becasue its a great medivale game and its a great time waster and there is a great story to the campain.sory for the grammar
,Recommended,232890,20413816,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Bartush,"I really enjoyed the single player side of this game! The DLC was entertaining, its just a shame no more content will be released."
,Recommended,232890,18431183,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Shmider,People are complaining that this game is too much like the Stronghold Crusader 1.Thats a good thing.
76561198041382962,Recommended,232890,18478986,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,[HG] NightCore ಠ3ಠ AWP=AUTO,"love the nice graphics, coulda been a bitt better like when the archer goes theough the motions you see the arrow is giant and there is no bow string"
76561198055201626,Recommended,232890,22183322,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Kut Liberaal,How to♥♥♥♥♥♥off a friend:Step 1. Buy 300 slavesStep 2. AttackStep 3. Win
,Not Recommended,232890,34613774,Posted: 30 August,all,Demon,More bugs than a camping trip. No seriously I've never played a game with so many bugs all up in your face right away.  I got it for five bucks and still refunded it. I thought for sure it would be worth at least five bucks.  Nah I want to actually play a game not restart it constantly to get the map textures to stay.
,Not Recommended,232890,31027485,Posted: 8 April,all,みなと りく,wrong way
76561198219288120,Not Recommended,232890,32181393,Posted: 4 June,all,Mr Unsubscribe,the AI in this game can really use a rework in my opinion
,Recommended,232890,35119923,Posted: 21 September,all,pheetus,"Buff the fleshy plum cap.Now that I have your attention I would like to suggest buying this game.A somewhat realistic looking medieval rts with modern graphics and a relatively enjoyable game engine.Buy it on sale you won't regret it, great game."
76561197986981646,Recommended,232890,22233750,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Leprechaun,This game is very good!Pros:Multiplayer is fun.Attacking bots.Making  your dream castle.can make very big castles.Cons:Bots makes bases in first 10 seconds.Assasins are hard to control.sometimes your allies floats.i recommend this game
76561197960536985,Recommended,232890,28848078,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Rupert Giles,I enjoy this as much as the original.  If you liked the other Stronghold games you will like this one for sure!  Looks good and plays great.
,Not Recommended,232890,33687586,Posted: 20 July,all,Barbosa706,I can see why this game have bad reviews. I honestly do not know why they changed so much of the gmae mechanics. Kind of sucks in my opinion. If you want a good Stronghold stick to the original crusaders and Stronghold 2. This game kind og sucks and I am very sad they changed more than just the graphics.
76561198067319618,Not Recommended,232890,35204373,Posted: 25 September,all,beacht,Game is very buggy and not the quality I would expect from a sequel to such a great original game.
,Recommended,232890,22225649,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,DemonicGamer,its a awsome game but the license expired thing is just ♥♥♥♥ing anoying i was in a battle
,Recommended,232890,22238691,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Global Brexiteer,It takes a very long time to play each game but highly addictive one you start!
76561198161991067,Recommended,232890,22238705,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,rebellion.1,its good
,Recommended,232890,22222899,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,TehBosh,BANGING
,Recommended,232890,12221083,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Goatastic,The sequel to Stronghold Crusader stays true to its roots in gameplay and its unique sense of humor. Saladin is still a relentless AI opponent. Enjoyed revisting my childhood very much.
,Recommended,232890,29815914,Posted: 9 February,all,K'nuckles,The developers should really use a more optimized engine for this game since it looks like something from the early 2000But i have enjoyed my time playing the game mostly because i love arcade rtsDont get the game if you dont like the old styled graphic/mechanics
76561197963908477,Not Recommended,232890,12216932,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,MajkStone,"Meh.    It has potential, but feels like a dumbed down version of the original Stronghold Crusader.   Examples:  You can't manually open/close gates.  There are no engineers/diggers/ladders.   There are also some annoying bugs such as workers randomly stop doing their voice overs (it gets really quiet in your castle after a while, because no one talks).Overall it is a decent game, if you have never played Stronghold or Stronghold Crusader.   I would personally recommend trying Stronghold Crusader HD if you have a chance."
76561197991626616,Not Recommended,232890,13371483,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Obiwankenobi,♥♥♥♥ing pish
,Recommended,232890,18977724,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Тарек,"Very good game so far, has some bugs, but everything stronghold should have been. big amount of units and finally healers  , also archers on towers and catapults have bigger range than in the old  games , what i really like. Thank you Firely Studios"
,Not Recommended,232890,12490822,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Hihoo,Not the game i dreamed of when they announced a sequel. I'm not really a friend of these 3D graphics.They removed water and ladders (pretty bad).The only good thing is that there is an autobuy/ autosell function (And that is the best thing I can find in the game -.-)
76561198008964408,Not Recommended,232890,12604310,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Sooner535{UFIP},"At first glance the game looks amazing but in this release state it is not that. Here is some pro and cons for a shorter version:Pros:Stronghold series name (no really thats a pro)good troop variety (both for arabic and crusader units)military production buildings expanded (no longer buildings that produce 2 of something everything has it's own producer)mildly good graphics (not great for 2014 but eh I didn't buy it because of looks)Economy is fun to build (but nothing better than the others)HEALING UNITS! FINALLY!Cons:AI does not need a economy (the Wolf the main enemy in the game doesn't even bother with even trying to look like he uses one)your troops are still brain dead (Idk how many times I lost loads of troops because I had to mouse over my castle fix something and my men had let archers and crossbows kill them without even trying to run or fight)Maps are too small (8 player games feel like you could toss a rock at the others, they fix this by making a cap of units 1000, so 5 players get 200, 2 players get 500, etc.)Unit capped at 1000 (This is 2014 for God's sake raise it, but I know why they can't because:)Poor optimization (or memory leaks unsure) I have a PC with 16GB Ram, Nvidia 650 Ti 2GB, Intel i5 3.2GHz quad core, this shouldn't be happening to me:)Game lags badly when over 500 units (and when I say badly I mean my FPS was at 1-5 the whole time, I literally quit because it took 20 minutes for my units to exit the damn castle)Features stripped from the original (the Good Evil system is gone, want engineers? NOPE! How about a moat? Go play SC1 this SC2 we don't need moats, oh and how about siege towers? Hehehe this is 2014 we don't need them)Walls are made of plastic (I mean seriously I shoot maybe 3-4 shots at a 4 thick wall and it's gone, I can take out a strong castle fairly easily by just using 1 cat 50-100 horse archers and maybe 7 templars that is all I have ever had to use)The closing part:I want to love this game I really do, but it is not fun. I played 10 hours and have no desire to play any more than that , the AI does not have to build a economy and units just appear out of thin air (I literally destroyed the Wolfs merc center and the units just pop up where the merc center was throughout the game)This game is not a honorable addition to the SH series, and I wish they would not have called this Crusader because that was one of the only AAA series not undone by idiots who think they can make a better game. If Firefly reads this then here is to them:Your game as it stands right now is TERRIBLE, you failed at remaking a wonderful game and you are losing fans for it BUT. But, this game has potential why? Because it is Crusader, bring back the engineers, beef up the walls, bring back moats, and for GODS sake give me back my siege towers. I want to believe that you guys didn't lose all your good talent and that this was a oversight somehow, I want to believe someone took SH3 and mixed it somehow with this game and your fixing it now and removing the bad things that that devil of a man put in here.Conclusion:Stronghold Crusader 1 was and IS the best Firefly video game to date, do not buy this until they fix the sloppy work they did here.EDIT:So I recently looked through the news as I saw them talking about the future of this game, paid DLC has never hurt so much in my life. This game is truly not worth your money, Firefly a studio known for siding with the players has now gone the route of EA, SEGA, CA, and so many others, I am sorry but this game is a BIG PASS do not do NOT buy this game, they stripped features and are going to have us pay them for them (remember CA and the blood packs? Sparta? FREAKING BLOOD PACKS???) please just go buy a indie game, there are literally hundreds with better enjoyment then this."
,Recommended,232890,12208426,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,=3SFG= Wolfxe,"Better than the original, better than the new ones, just alround the best"
76561198002803911,Not Recommended,232890,13303359,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,[Qc] El Diablo ( +[   ]-:- ),HOW THE HELL YOU CAN MAKE A GOOD GAME THEN 12 YEARS AFTER GO REATARDED LIKE THIS ! I GIVE 1 / 10 FOR THIS GAME ! WE SHOULD GET REFUND ! I FEEL LIKE I GOT ROBBED ! :(
76561198063657650,Not Recommended,232890,12449447,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Meowsor,"First, I want to get across how much I loved the old stronghold games, I even have two cases of stronghold 2 here and one of the legends game and I can't say how much fun I had on them.Stronghold crusders 2 was advertized in such a way to show a rich story [Or at least I, myself found that after the great fights] However that little video you find in the trailer cannot be found anywhere inside the actual game.I don't believe i even saw a castle that resembles something in the trailer inside the game.The campaign was remarkably short and could be completed within one or two days if you're experienced at all [Which most of us are] so the campaign is really not worth even looking at.The multiplayer aspect seemed quite nice 'Hey, you get to build a castle with another person? Great!' If only you could not duplicate resources whilst doing so. Woopdie do.Do you guys remember the stronghold 2 multiplayer? All the small fighting guilds that shot up to battle eachother whilst having fun?That does not exist here, It's more like the time around a year after the release of the game, one or two hosts actually waiting to play someone.I'll spell it out for you however: [Remember this is an educated estimate] Only around fifty people own the game.Now, I'm sure a large amount of people actually bought this, But the multiplayer is so empty that either they got chased off by the campaign and demanded a refund or they took one look at the multiplayer and said 'I'm not waiting ten to twenty minuites just to play a game'The characters in the game, You know the rat and the other guys?It just seems too easy.The animations of the characters are also quite flawed, a little like they used a really old animation software. [It can easily be improved]The voices and sounds seemed as if they were copied over from a previous game, it would have been nice to have thoughs get changed up.Did you know messing around with archers get thier old voice, and then suddenly if you are lucky the voice suddenly changes? Quite interesting, I actually found out myself about ten minuites ago.I'm surprised you actually read this. I didn't put too much time into it as it didn't seem a worthwhile cause.All I can say is don't buy it.It's a waste of money unless you like playing verses computers and the odd player."
76561198134190669,Not Recommended,232890,12224961,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,pb.michalek,Got some bugs and it somwhere lost the joy of playing it's prevoius version
76561197961917740,Not Recommended,232890,13305086,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Redsunns,"One word, BORING. Walls came down too easily... well lots of bugs... regret to purchase it so early for the full price..."
,Not Recommended,232890,12201257,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Grassfed butter reverses disease,"It's not a bad game, but it's certainly not as good as the original Crusader. The graphics are horribly optimized, the controls aren't fluent at all (turning the camera around with mouse wheel feels terrible, the x-asis isn't inversed and isn't inverted, also you use left click to select troops then right click to move them/attack stuff, feels so wrong in Stronghold), and it feels extremely slow paced without any way of increasing game speed. It takes ages to get food/wood/stone/iron/weapons ect. in, and everything costs way too many resources to build. Taxes come in slowly and there's no good things/bad things that I found. It isn't very balanced, either. It's extremely easy to attack and very hard to defend. Catapults (not even trebuchets) out range the highest archer tower and ballistae do very little damage. Walls crumble (and kill all your units on them) in 1-2 catapult shots that are built and start shooting within a few seconds. There's no way to repair towers or gatehouses. Archers on towers/walls are nearly useless. So you're better off building little defense and focusing on keeping your opponents on offense all game. Lords are extremely tanky and can be healed with a new healer unit, which makes the game more about bursting him down than getting passed his defenses which is no where near as fun as the original. Knights (Called Templar in this game) come in un-mounted and you have to mount them manually which is really buggy. Combat between troops isn't visceral and satisfying like it was in the original. Voice acting is atrocious, probably the worst I've heard in 10+ years. I am happy about no moats though as units weren't programmed very well to dig it out so it was a pain to fight against in the original Crusader.A lot of these things can be fixed in patches but I wonder if Firefly will see them as issues at all.﻿ If you're a fan of the original Stronghold and Crusader, definitely give it a shot, you'll probably like the changes more than I do. If you're just looking for a solid RTS, wait for some patches or a sale first."
76561198021811107,Not Recommended,232890,12599624,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Roka,"Leaves a lot to be desiredThe game seems to be missing basic features of any RTS game. Diplomacy is nonexistent, your enemies are either your friend or foe, with very little interaction other than death threats and begging for your resources. The learning curve is pretty is medium, but the game does rely on a sink or swim mentality, help balloons would be nice to help you build the proper traps and units.Very limited construction. Your keep is not upgradable, it’s a simple tower that you can build up with walls and towers, but the keep itself never adjusts in power or in aesthetic. The building options are very limiting as well with now upgrades to work for, and very little reason for expansion beyond your walls.Overall, the game will hold your interest for a couple of hours before getting old quickly. I would wait for a sale before purchasing, not worth the full price."
,Not Recommended,232890,12284859,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Khas,feels like a rushed out game from the 90s! I am positive the first part made almost a decade ago was much cleaner and more polished
76561198054868824,Not Recommended,232890,12321304,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Ominous Zealot,"Unbalanced maps, Over powered units, Missing units. The experience that was fun was taken away. It just feels like a slopped together game to give out a title, and make people excited because it's got the same name."
,Recommended,232890,12209788,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,IrishRoyalGamer,"As a returning fan of the series, I was thrilled to see this game being made back when it was first announced.However, currently the game feels.. unfinished. Some of the mechanics are glitched, some units can glitch out, and the overall feeling of the game just gives me the feeling of incomplete.THAT BEING SAIDThis game is probably one of my newest favorites to the series. The gameplay is great, it has updated features (It finally tells you how many troops you can have) and it's graphics are nice to look at.The only other problem I have besides the glitches is the fact that there is no real story. It is hard to connect with a character I don't know, which was my problem with the original Stronghold Crusader.Final Verdict 7.5/10. Would recommended. You can throw Camel heads at people. Come on, it doesn't get better than that."
,Not Recommended,232890,12661052,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,The Literal Devil,"This game doesnt work...... Its always not responding, i try to open it and it just craps all over my desk."
76561198062589379,Not Recommended,232890,12537854,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Fundon,terrible game i have every single stronghold game  and the game that brought me well over 4000 hours of fun was stronghold crusader saw stronhold crusader 2 was coming out and they said how great it would bethere was only one map i liked in this game in original it was all of them could not get enoughunits knights are now useless why give them a horse horse achers are useless no maps big enough to use them to great effectiveness arabian knight is useless litterally i can only see them usefull against peasents for there costsame with templar  knights not very historicle tell me why in the 12 centry there wereing 16-18 centry armor whrling dervish was fun first tiem but he suckedAI never really were that great all ais from wolf to rat sucked tell me why they only attack with 2 sets of units i mean reallywalls suckednote like the fact i never need seige crap now unit can take walls down thats how i always win horse archers and heavy units well sucks now that♥♥♥♥♥♥just got easy my towers and belista range take archers out for me seeming how the range of those thing are soo great and how can i name my king Count Vlad Dracul III without any heads on spike come on graphics sucked gamplay was like shadow of mordor i mean i beat game in under 3 hours nonstop story assassins creed at least had some challenge took me 48 hours to beat that point being if your going to advertise a game please say your creating it to suck balls not advertise ( Sequil to stronhold crusader) its not worthy to even bear the title crusader its like assassins creed black flag it was fun to sail and♥♥♥♥♥♥but in the end it sucked story wise or in this case skermish wise same with the halo 3 all about the money i bought all the stronhold games each time hoping they could at least make it better then the last one but each time they make it worst then before how to manage to ♥♥♥♥ up that bad i dont knowgame still sucks worse then unity watch dogs and battlefield hardline combined ............this game sucks all good reviews are just fans in denial write on there reviews i feel sorry for you and move on .....i would not recomend this if i got paid 70 million dollers for ♥♥♥♥ sakes i would not recomend this♥♥♥♥♥♥. end of discussion
76561198023528824,Not Recommended,232890,13429616,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Dr. Strangelove,"it's dull, not very fun to playm unstatisfying overall,i can't keep but wonder how hard it is to make a game as fun as stronghold crusader or legends in these days."
76561197974713479,Not Recommended,232890,22871112,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Slamz,"Thank goodness I got this game for 80% off on a sale. It is in no way a $50 AAA title. Graphics are a throwback to a good 10 years ago. Game momentarily freezes every time it does a save and then jerks around your last input request as it catches up. Crashed or locked up a couple times already. The game's overall pacing is much quicker than I recall, too, being less like a ""castle sim"" and more like a standard RTS that happens to have slightly more advanced than usual wall construction. Control inputs and notifications are out-of-date (no queing of orders? no notice when enemies are knocking down my buildings?)A.I. is a nice challenge. Very well done in that regard. It's the only reason I'm tempted to recommend this game. The technical problems and downfalls overall will keep me from going all the way to complete the game, though, I can feel it dragging at me already. And seriously, this was a $20 title at best. It would only be a $50 title of this was the year 2000, because that it clearly where it hails from, controls, graphics and all."
,Recommended,232890,12198236,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,xMichzz,"Great,,"
,Not Recommended,232890,13322305,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Riskee,Nothing like the old game.. let down. Made for online PvP and graphics don't seem to have changed much
,Not Recommended,232890,26234494,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,SirMrLord,"i want a refound, this game is [insert very negative word here]...if there is a way i can get my money back please tell me, thank you"
,Not Recommended,232890,12333494,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Nezzy,"this game is basically a retexture of the previous games, it even recycles audio from the previous games, and in addition of reducing the types of buildings. they removed many of the features that made the earlier games fun and addictive, resulting in what i can only describe as a SCAM and a MONEY GRAB.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,232890,12201714,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,╬OKH╬ King Cobra,"You really need a strong computer to run this game, if not u will experiece graphic lags,.. But over all its pretty good, and it beats all previous SH titles.. Loving it... For SH fans u got to buy it. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,232890,12191444,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,ArabianPineapple,"So far- Considering how much ive been anticipating this game it was bound to be good, but so far the graphics and gameplay thoroughly impress, Having chunks blow'n out of your castle walls can be quite the spectacle. A shame they removed good/evil items such as toture devices and decorations also a shame houses all look the same but maybe this will all be implemented later....who knows!                               NOTE TO LAPTOPS!!!- set your graphics card in nvidia control panel to always on or else it will use the integrated graphics and lag."
,Recommended,232890,12212525,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Davion,yes .-.=.-.=.-.=.-.
76561197991719823,Not Recommended,232890,15969400,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Deathwing,"I thought ""wow, castles""! Bought the game and was hugely disappointed. Boring, poor graphics and generally slow as stone gameplay. 0.6 hours playtime on record. Will Steam give me a refund? Do pigs fly?"
76561198069927880,Not Recommended,232890,16896276,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,chums_perera,"I am nuetral on this game, its not bad, but its not great either. It dosen't quite capture the beauty of the 1st game, and whoever decided to put electric guitar music in the game should be shot. The game is combat focused and it is decent, but its not as aesthetically pleasing as crusader 1. I also miss the comments the poeple make when you click on them. They've left out elements of crusader that i love, elements that make stronghold crusader unique.I would recommend people play the first game."
76561198000606481,Not Recommended,232890,15973319,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,david.boyer,"The game is very similar the the original Crusader game.  You build an economy, build walls, defend walls, attack other castles.  The AI for the enemies is predictable and easily countered.  If you're an experienced RTS player, there is not much challenge here for you.  The only real risk is right in the beginning before you get your walls in place.  After that, cakewalk.  I was very disappointed in the initial release.  It seemed incomplete.  I was pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off when they pretty quickly released 2 DLC's for $6 each.  I prepurchased the game, and I pretty much regret that now.  I would have never paid full price.  Maybe if the game and all DLC goes on sale for 75% or more, it'd be worth it.  For the price they are asking now, and the additional cost for DLC, I have to regretfully recommend that you don't purchase this game.  I loved the original, and spent hours playing.  I actually completed all of the original campaign in my 11.3 hrs on record.  I'll probably have to spend another 5 hours or so to complete the DLC.  Disappointing..."
,Recommended,232890,12338721,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Chris The Fisherman,Awesome game from the Crusader era!
,Recommended,232890,12355062,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,patfenis,Great strategic game.
,Not Recommended,232890,14315106,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,deadlybeaver56,Absolutely God awful
,Not Recommended,232890,12862131,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Weron2,BORING
,Not Recommended,232890,12535795,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,BananaButt,Worse than the original
76561198139594323,Not Recommended,232890,22164238,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Terrarius,This game was the reason why i downloaded Steam...The reason why i have now so many great gamesAnd sadly this game itself isnt realy a good game..:(Do yourself a favour and buy Stronghold crusader(1)which is a far superior game
,Recommended,232890,12336445,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,LeX,Great Game i Used to Love Stronghold Crusader 1 and now where the 2nd Crusader is out OMG i didnt like Stronghold 3 that much and was courrious about buying the new one but its very good nice economy and Building Placements etc its much harderd then the 1 Crusader tho because of the Resource costs but just get used to do all your Tax and food right and you probably wont have any problems with that i usually build a church to get some extra REP to my City and can higher the taxVery Nice Gamei appreciate to Play This game again
76561197989564633,Not Recommended,232890,12747978,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,mateoran76,"If you're still a fan of the old Age of Empires games, then you will enjoy this game. If not, then look elsewhere. Nothing wrong with the graphics or sound. It's just too AOE for me."
76561198007480517,Not Recommended,232890,12814737,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,tanderson2,they have completely ruined this game they have tried to use the unit style from stronghold 2 and stronghold legends which is not as good as the original stronghold crusader the ballista's are♥♥♥♥♥♥in the new one the trubuchet are better all the units are crap in the sense of style and graphics where they should have kept to the original the new edition soldiers are a big and good emprovement though was not worth the weight or price RUINED
,Not Recommended,232890,29187189,Posted: 11 January,all,DeF,meh
76561198043579090,Recommended,232890,20986421,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Jarrad,Very good game.
76561198003149693,Not Recommended,232890,12387292,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,BloodGutz,This game is not for the average casual gamer. U need strategy and tactics to enjoy and win the game. I like Age of Empires 2 but this game does not seem to be my liking. If you not sure of this game please think twice.
76561198007564613,Not Recommended,232890,13362967,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,natey,Poor. Not worth the money at all. I will not be buying another stronghold again !!
,Not Recommended,232890,13377618,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Ned Flanders,"If you are a super-fan like me, you can still buy it on sale and play it, just to say you did it.However, I recommend most of Steam should try Stronghold 2 HD.  This will at least allow you to play a great castle sim for only 10$, and let you see what this game should have been.The reviews speak for themselves.  There are many, many things wrong in this game.  Sorry Firefly ... I really wanted to like it.  ;-("
76561198065486390,Not Recommended,232890,13840212,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,tonysteal,i want my money back
76561198004183784,Not Recommended,232890,13869961,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Zauis,"Waste of money. It's barely the shell of a game, SC1 was."
,Not Recommended,232890,15529439,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Link,I have nothing else to say to express my feeling but totally disappointed. This game lost what make it title.
76561198031754031,Not Recommended,232890,19589818,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,bebbie,"TLDR: This game isn't bad.... but for the price it just isn't worth it.The game play is fun, and the supply chains are fun, but the central focus of the game is on combat. The combat controls and AI are pretty horrible,  There isn't even an attack-move command. Your huge siege force needs to be seriously babied for them to be even remotely successful, which makes many of the potentially more fun units useless. I can't even seem to figure out how to get my flaming hay launcher to actually shoot at invading troops. Also no range indicators on siege engines mean a lot of guesswork especially when there are height differences in terrain.The game also just doesn't seem very polished. It won't even change the sound over when I plug in my headphones, I have to completely exit the game and renter for it to work. And unlike the 10-year old first game, you can't customize your castle's staircases, and it doesn't draw entraces to towers on your walls. Your units literally port up to the top of towers. You also have less options for putting things on the walls of your castles like trebuchets. Instead, ballistas and such are defensive wooden towers on their own, but don't even connect with your stone walls. Also gone are all non-stone castles, save wooden barricades that get burnt down pretty much instantly.If you can get it on a large sale, I'd say pick it up, but this Isn't a sequel to stronghold crusader 2, it's a reskin of a 10 year old game, with nothing new and no improvements to AI. Not worth the price. For a grade-A game price, I expected a grade-A game, but feels less polished than many $10 indie games I play."
,Not Recommended,232890,20627016,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,MECHANACORE,It is not Stronghold Crusader and it is not the sequel. You see nothing here.
76561198101716711,Not Recommended,232890,33996321,Posted: 3 August,all,-_Skillius  csgolive.com,S I K I L D I N
,Not Recommended,232890,16326464,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,dim,"- Expensive- Laggy (I can play Skyrim with 125 mods without any prob)- Dissapointing- NOT funI heard bad things about SH2 & SH3 but I had great experience playing SHC a long time ago so I just gave this sequel a try, turns out to be a big dissapointment, and I can't even refund it"
76561197993195597,Not Recommended,232890,16340473,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,I like sugar and ketchup,I just don't feel that this game is worth 50 dollars. I don't think its worth even 35 dollars on the summer sale. Other than 3D graphics its the same as the first Stronghold Crusader game. I wanted to refund this game but I went over the 2 hour gameplay limit.
,Not Recommended,232890,22166438,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Ruin,"Love the other stronghold games, really not a fan of this."
76561198142266164,Recommended,232890,18957382,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Wolv,"If you have played one of the stronghold series i will show you how this game is:Stronghold crusader 8/10Stronghold 2  9/10Stronghold crusader 2 7/10Stronghold Legends 9/10Stronghold 1  7/10Stronghold 3  5/10Stronghold kingdoms 4/10If you never played it:It is a very fun game, building awesome castles or run a strong economy.Large armies and nice graphics for a RTS.You have different ways of building a eco, and lots of gametypes + multiplayer.It is a very good game, but it still haves some buggs..7/10"
,Recommended,232890,14862617,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,das mad u no,"There's quite a few negative reviews for this, now I haven't played much of this, however I think I can say (as a fan of the original crusader)... (Like pretty effin big fan).... that it doesn't seem too bad, will have to try the multiplayer soon, as I have been playing the tutorial to get the hang of the new game and it's menu."
76561198117603594,Not Recommended,232890,13513563,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Dr. Grant,Not the origional game.
76561197970929179,Not Recommended,232890,22173043,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Brjyndrrwuulf,"Keeps crashing upon exit did a check of files validity but found nothing wrong but there must be some issue with the coding since I had to restart PC to get back my PC's  default settings , the Stronghold program simply frose up and black screened upon exiting program , nothing would work to exit the program not even Task Manager would work so be advised this could happen to other users of Stronghold Crusader 2 . The developers hopefully are aware of this/these issues and hopefully will address them in upcomming patches ."
,Recommended,232890,20586221,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,dUSTIN =DD  - A❤,10/10
76561198038388811,Not Recommended,232890,15804493,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Rawfish,"I must say that I was waiting for this game a long time and bought it without hesitating....I shouldn't have done that.Stronghold Crusader I is a game i played many dozens of hours, single- and multiplayer. Building a castle and prepare to defend it against hordes of enemies was always thrilling. The economy system was decent and the overall look had a lovely style. With such experiences of the first part, I simply couldn't wait for the next part, expecting new content, 3D graphics and more depth in strategy and tactics. Now i played Stronghold Crusader the Second for some hours, tried multiplayer and singleplayer. All I can say is that it has way too many flaws to give it a positive review. It's simply because of the economic system. The only profitable food source is bread, wood can be bought so cheaply on the market that woodcutter lose their sense, candle maker produce candles without any resources... I simply can't understand how they can design such a system.The military part on the other hand is actually pretty good! The selection of the units allows great tactics for invading and defending. Archers on towers are darn difficult to kill, but there are ways to overwhelm them. Fire is still a big thing on this game, thankfully! You can still harass enemies in different ways without big attacks and every unit has weaknesses and strengths. I can't get mad at losing when I got dominated with great maneuvers.But even if the wargame of Stronghold Crusader 2 is nice, it still feels like there's a big hole in the game. I am never satisfied when I am done building a castle because it pretty much looks the same every time: A weapon factory running on bread. Before you think about buying this game, you should take a closer look and ask yourself if you can be happy with what the game has to offer."
76561198062407629,Not Recommended,232890,16896198,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,josem231192,Stronghold 2 is better than this one...
76561198168196711,Recommended,232890,23183519,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,a real snow mexican,i love this game hours of gameplay i would like to see a roman version great game 10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,232890,12374606,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Rebry,"Damn this game. its to fun, and way to hard"
76561198153668962,Not Recommended,232890,12482181,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Pink Diamonds,"Does this game really need to be on steam, I feel like I just wasted 50 Dollars, and I have not been able to play this game once, there is no official help I'm very disappointed"
76561197993997665,Not Recommended,232890,12447396,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,duffy,"I have played the first Stronghold Crusader, and must say that I can't see so much changes in the 2nd part. the game is boring, as always that 4 enemy You have to defeat just changing the misson map. there is som bugs as well, for example when I created some knights and wanted to assign horses to them, some horse stuck and I cant make a calvary knight anymore, as the horse in the line is cant find the solder, so need to demolish the stable, and build a new one.. over 8h of play I'm not interested anymore as all the missions seems to be the same, just varying the gold, and the enemies (from that 4-5 available ones). if You a fanatic SC player then go ahead and give a try, otherwise just buy the much cheaper SC HD version, it gives You almost the same joy..."
76561198106896172,Not Recommended,232890,12425714,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,jameslivings95,"Only recommend this game if you have a lot of patience. My laptop usually runs games reasonably well, but when playing this, the enemies attack you too soon and when they do, extreme lag makes this game unplayable. Whether or not its my laptop I dont care, very unsatisfied customer and a total waste of £30"
,Not Recommended,232890,25281667,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,SynthWeaver,"Stronghold deluxe is better, in this game you can't even play a siege."
76561198018355541,Recommended,232890,12266764,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,ButtBlaster9000,Fab as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,232890,21005689,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,OpFern,Good game 10/10
,Not Recommended,232890,15533108,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Svalbaz,"""Co-Op castle building"", as someone whos always on the look out for good Co-Op games I was very tempted by this. Turns out its a pile of rubbish and you're better off spending £30 on something that's actually worth it. Like a decent steak dinner."
76561198127316925,Not Recommended,232890,12975515,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,wetwet,"its not working please i need help and support if i click to accelerate the game it shows "" failled to initialise the engine"""
76561198046156317,Not Recommended,232890,15524071,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,hakanday,The game I regret the most for buying....
,Recommended,232890,19594219,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Dizjester,"This is one of my favorite games. It is alot better the SC3. This is a good strategy game for people that like the ""god"" role in games. I am glad I made this purchase. Thank You Devs <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,232890,28636714,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Flashtoo,UI is very ugly. Most text uses Papyrus font and the graphics seem to come from a 2008 Flash game. The illustrations do not look good.Gameplay is less involved than older games and the cheap 3D does not look like a game released in 2014 should. I've seen one-man indie products that looked better.Game locked up so hard it crashed my computer.Just play the original instead.
,Recommended,232890,20177058,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Ares,"This game is worth 12/10. Best Stronghold game I ever played so I highly recommend it for stronghold fans , also if you have a laptop expect to be a bit laggy but don't worry it's worth the money."
76561198076438960,Recommended,232890,28959578,Posted: 2 January,all,brent,"Don't believe the negative reviews. This game is great fun! The graphics on all the earlier Strongholds are horrible in my opinion. I don't see how people can go there after playing this version. The economy is a bit tricky to get the hang of so you may want to read some tip guides like I did to get a feel for it. The combat tactics (and economic strategies) seem vast. The computer AI's could be better as I can now beat them pretty consistently now in skirmish mode, but that took a while. I've moved on to multiplayer now, which has been fun (when I can find someone to play). Like some of the others, I don't understand the mixed reviews. I'm guessing it must be from old school Stronghold diehards who don't want to learn anything new. The battles I've setup and played on Crusader 2 have been simply glorious to watch."
76561198109261096,Recommended,232890,17802855,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,hell_from_above2,think the game is grest hope to see you in the game
,Recommended,232890,27804700,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Greven,OK
76561198067892093,Not Recommended,232890,16788106,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Ardahan,"Don't buy if:You believe the scope of the battles and maps shown in the pictures looks cool (completely misleading)If you expect anything like AOE 2If you love 4x, strategy or RTS gamesIf you don't like to waste moneyCan't believe this game is still $50... I bought this at launch and was very dissapointed.  It's a boring game, with slow moving units (some just painful to watch), and really small maps with little flexibility.  Theres much better games to spend money on."
,Not Recommended,232890,21337420,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,link2luke,R.I.P. Stronghold2001-2002
76561198068364071,Not Recommended,232890,13061770,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,PO217,"Unplayable.Have fun learning to play with no help from SH2. No difficulty settings on AI, have fun losing over and over again, Maps are imba. Not even close to balanced maps. Net even trying to make balanced maps. Age of mythology had better balance than this game. 100% scammed into buying this game. Will never buy from Firefly ever again. If i am ever asked about this game i will tell them how garbage the combat is. DEFENSE BUILDINGS STOP AUTO ATTACKING.These developers are money grubbers and a disgrace to the gaming community.Firefly game balancers should commit suicide."
76561197971504852,Not Recommended,232890,13500814,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,lingon,Boring
76561198155328374,Not Recommended,232890,13904394,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,wr.olxy,"At later levels with high number of characters game drops FPS. Setting video quality to low with GT780 6GB not sufficient. At some it runs as slideshow.Otherwise good game, I enjoyed initial levels."
,Not Recommended,232890,15013552,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,PoopyAssMan,"An interesting take on the medival RTS genre, but it does a quite few things wrong. I realize this is a ""remake"" of an older game, but the control scheme needed to be remade to be a bit less dated and clunky feeling. There's no attack move vs normal move, there's no queing up actions, and your soliders just do weird♥♥♥♥♥♥all the time and don't always listen to you. The ""formation"" thing is totally broken as it will slow your units down by a good 25% because they simply don't move if they're out of position. Your units sort of engage whoever they want to engage and they will engage enemies even if you tell them to flee. There are no hotkeys btw; you must use the UI to do every action.The economy component is convoluted and hard to manage. Most of the time you're just totally guessing as to how much food your producing and how much gold you're making. Boosting ""happiess"" is a shot in the dark a lot of the times as well. I like that there's so much going on with the economy, don't get me wrong, I just don't like that you have little feedback as to the output of each building and the current demand.Throw on top of that a set of campagin missions that get so difficult you'll be spending hours just to beat a single mission. I haven't even finished the ""learning campaign"" yet, I can only imagine how hard the ""skirmish trails"" (actual campaign?) gets.I was bored and thought this would be a fun waste of time and it just turned out to be a pain more than anything."
,Not Recommended,232890,15516620,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Saranomy,"I'm fan of Stronghold Crusader 1 and this (current version) is not what I expected. There's a lot of bugs and poor coding.- 50% chance of your troops ain't move where you click, they just wanna chill out (happens when the path is too narrow)- 50% your emeries have negative amount of troops on the board (reputation point turns to 0)- 25% chance of your enemies ain't shoot you, they wanna chill out too- 20% chance of moon walking- 5% chance of your mouse cursor dissappears after saving the game"
76561198076085616,Not Recommended,232890,16142140,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,LEMON,its not the best that all i can realy sayyou should just keep palying the first one
,Not Recommended,232890,16900967,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Greaves,Still think stronghold 2 is better..
,Not Recommended,232890,13966824,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Invictus,"Despite all the bad reviews I thought it might be worth trying this just because I was in the mood for a game like this. Unfortunately it wasn't. Horrible, broken, dumb mechanics, way overpriced, badly paced tutorials, etc."
76561197992696575,Not Recommended,232890,14488013,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Mage177,"i regret purchasing this game this is NOT what Stronghold is supposed to be, FAIL!"
76561197971402778,Recommended,232890,19911475,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,[UF]CommanderBird,If you enjoy a good stragity game then this is for you. it adds on to the orignal and updates it. worth picking up with the map editor and content. worth the price
76561198062628712,Recommended,232890,25445285,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Johnny Cash,#MakeStrongholdGreatAgainFix Multiplayer Problems Pls
,Recommended,232890,14733397,"Posted: 3 March, 2015",all,Coffeebeans,fun
,Recommended,232890,23500005,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,☾★ Informal,I recommend this game. If it has a discount you can buy it.
76561197986083582,Recommended,232890,18920805,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,KeithStone,Well...
76561198042449053,Recommended,232890,23807206,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Taqiya Purveyor,I quit the game and it crashed
,Not Recommended,232890,23977930,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,xCAKSx,"Not so good , as it has been released in 2014 but still the gaming mechanics are worst than some early strategy games. Hardcore strategy lovers can have a try. There are always refund button if you dont like."
76561198057695426,Not Recommended,232890,13553546,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Sinistar,"Can't even make a good review, because the game won't even install on my computer right. I have tried the to reinstall this game 5 times now."
,Not Recommended,232890,17174817,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Steven,"This is actully really good game - I wish they had more stronhold 2 style options like toture and heads and decerations for your castle sending people to jail so forth. that was always really kol in stronhold series.I also wish the map sizes where bigger.to me the XL size is prefect for a two player or maybe three player game.----------------------------------------so I am making addon to this - the map editor is horriable - just horrible to work with.for example lets say you have 8 players for total of 20 estates that can be taken over you have to manualy put into map a script for each Fing player for each fing estate exampleif player 1 catpures estate 2 from player 2  then estate 2 switches to player 1if player 2 captures estate 2 then from player 1 estate 2 switchers to player 2you have to do this for all  8 players for them to take it form each other and have it manualy switch to each player.its pretty horriable no basic game mechnanics of any type are automaticly built into maps.all maps even skrmish maps are heavily scripted and you have to take the time to do it all.so unless you want to program 1k some lines into each and every map for every thing the players you add, AI - what happen when player takes an estate or beats ap layer unless u want to program 1k of scripts into game, you pretty much will have a worth less map.and this is reason why in workshop there really is not many maps."
76561198000949711,Not Recommended,232890,13246123,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,tlsteel,Once again FF disappoints! Though there are new units they are few and just boring. I waited a long time for this game and Stronghold 3 to come out only to find I have wasted money twice now. I played the game and stopped from sure boredom! I really tried to enjoy this game but found myself turning it off sooner the more times I tried. BORING!  Don't waste your money. Wait a few months and you will get it at it's true market price of 9.99!
,Recommended,232890,27806971,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,oscblade,one of my all time favorite games from back when I was young.
76561198007474941,Not Recommended,232890,28795408,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ntscdirector,Thought this was the original crusader. It is not and is not fun. Buy the original crusader instead.
76561198086061982,Not Recommended,232890,28875144,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,✪ H20 | PvPRO.com,graphics are good but the game is not realistic and controls are sh!t
76561198080500404,Not Recommended,232890,25803385,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,FlamingBagOfP00,Dissapointing
76561198029666660,Recommended,232890,12282318,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,ravenz,Great game.
76561197974322673,Recommended,232890,12281681,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,thatldodonkey1,"It's crashing like M&B WF&S. Despite the half dozen crashes within a two hour period, I'm still loving this game.  Must be something PC users have to put up with these days."
76561198097721737,Not Recommended,232890,16831208,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,dwgr8ergolfer,"It kills me to say that I would not reccomend this game because I was a huge fan of Stronghold Crusader, Legends, and 2.   This game is once again a disspaoitment from Firefly Studios, just like Stronghold 3.  I feel like I wasted $50 buying this game. It makes me sad but thats the way it is..."
,Not Recommended,232890,23308270,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,MjrBackstab,"Another Stronghold edition, nothing new."
76561198007818893,Not Recommended,232890,16688910,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,abboudtami,"DO NOT BUY....This game is nothing like the first, please do note waste you money. They have a lot to work on before I can start enjoying this game again."
76561198051126696,Not Recommended,232890,16696265,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,A Super Wild Arbijter,i've bought it a long time ago and im rly not happy with the game it don't even come close to Stronghold Crusader 1 i rly would not buy this game
76561198076567205,Not Recommended,232890,23375164,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Johnny The Great,Disappointing!...
76561198007622227,Not Recommended,232890,23842495,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Butternut Squash of Destiny,Game crashes whenever a match end. In single player or multiplayer. Checked integrity. Re-installed. Checked compatibility options. No success.What year is it when games like this arent stable? Pathetic.
,Recommended,232890,23377978,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Glorval,"Very good. There are only two things I do not like about  this game. And one can be easily fixed if you make a custom map, and the other ccan be fixed with a custom map. Those stupid crossbowmen where 5 can take out 20 longbowmen, and the seige camps you can place ANYWHERE."
76561198077575254,Not Recommended,232890,34785213,Posted: 6 September,all,Sir Colten,"This game is just as bad as modern Europe with the migrant crisis and influx of ISLAM. The franchise was once glorious and powerful as Stronghold Crusader 1, now it's a pitiful third world game that can't hold up to its mighty ancestor. Just buy and play Stronghold Crusader 1."
76561198030576738,Recommended,232890,34809382,Posted: 8 September,all,[GBW] ReFT,Do you like game of thrones?Well ♥♥♥♥ game of thronesYou'll love this because it's betterBest story EU/US since the invention of the crane
76561198020276422,Not Recommended,232890,28661189,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Matrix.Style,graphic quality worst thn version 1.
76561198160931998,Recommended,232890,33666624,Posted: 20 July,all,IDAZIZ,افضل لعبة حرب عربية صليبة
76561198091758975,Not Recommended,232890,22169084,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,becke942,This game is a load of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Fire Fly Studios should be put in jail for robbing their customers and should never be allowed to put such crap on the market place. Buy the first Stronghold Crusader.
,Recommended,232890,24077654,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Kropolis,"This is definantly not the best game in the series, nowhere near it... but it's better than Stronghold 3 and can be quite fun to figure out great castle building strategies."
,Recommended,232890,25251651,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ElectricShockZ,"this game has been here ever since i was little its amazing graphics for what it is, i strongly recommend getting this game if you like strategy games and medieval warriors."
76561197982373983,Recommended,232890,13208091,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Godking333,"I loved Stronghold 1 and crusader, they were great.  Stronghold crusader 2..... it has the potential to be good, if only all the bugs were worked out.  I was playing a game for 1 hour building my castle toying with the enemy and boom game crashes no save. gone all for nothing.   So i started up another game i put autosave on, same thing game crashes in middle of the game.... Save gone.   i have a hard time now wanting to play this game, i should have to actually save my game every 5 to to 10 mins.  Not impressed.  Ill come back in a month and see if they fix this game"
,Recommended,232890,14427240,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,LeHippieMon3,Nice. Works well. Price sucks.
76561198090445345,Recommended,232890,13163776,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Emrys,Stronghold Crusader 2 is a fun game. I really recommend it. the downside is (for me): That you need a high graphic card.
76561198066256910,Recommended,232890,15561092,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Deus Vult,loved it its awesome and is sooo shunned and hated because people keep comparing it to its predessesor i think this game and the stronghold series in general is severely underrated for what it is
,Recommended,232890,27919743,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,eXon_LV_UK,best strategy game
,Recommended,232890,28246180,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Pariah.png,Interesting. Almost a mobile game but more PC and without the mobile.
76561198016983378,Recommended,232890,29163768,Posted: 10 January,all,BIG SHNEE,Do u know what i actully did a review for this game a few mouth back when i 1st purchased it and gave bad review kos not worth any where near full price. Got it again this time only for £3! And iv put good few hour into it started seeing new things they put into it and i think its sick lol! get on sale only bad thing unit cap size 250 men should be at least a 1000 but good size maps!
,Recommended,232890,27803970,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TheMethuser,This game is the besti like it and my friends too
76561198347277106,Recommended,232890,29346276,Posted: 18 January,all,Quibane,Too much good memories!
76561198053719879,Not Recommended,232890,30213490,Posted: 26 February,all,AntiCapt,"Complete♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Love SHK so thought this would be fun, completely disappointed."
76561198132876000,Recommended,232890,28288962,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,C✪o,"Nice game , if you do not like this game while like stronghold crusader 1 and stronghold 2 just take time"
76561198172354734,Recommended,232890,29154659,Posted: 9 January,all,Dark Hunter Tadas,Very fun game especially with a frend. I like it but you may not so watch some videos and make your own opinion.
76561198319870661,Recommended,232890,25983028,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Leatjie,i love this game!!!!
76561198029736163,Recommended,232890,18928701,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Trail,"very good game, but i t is very difficoult in places."
76561198126902567,Recommended,232890,29155926,Posted: 9 January,all,Marshall,"Good game played stronghold crusader (the first one) loved it, the other stronghold not so much, but when this came out loved stronghold again."
,Recommended,232890,18938687,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,brokoli,"It is quite similar to the original Stronghold and, if you're into castle building RTS games, you will like this one. However, this game is only good value below $20; otherwise, you're paying too much for what you get.Some say the developers are still adding content to this game. I hope this is true since the game can really stand out with a little bit more polish and balance tweaks."
76561198020306636,Recommended,232890,26441775,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Qczs,"Underrated, a good RTS if you liked Stronghold Crusader 1."
,Recommended,232890,27820358,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,trugaaa-,"хорошо, но первая часть была повеселей"
,Recommended,232890,28239261,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Tominox*,"The best stronghold yet.. There are some flaws, but the graphics and gameplay is beyond awesome."
76561198007263920,Recommended,232890,12450417,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Ben,"Nice game, a lot better than previous release"
,Not Recommended,232890,22180441,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Classical,way to dumbed down
,Not Recommended,232890,22197737,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Colorful,"As a fan and lover of the Stronghold series, I can say that this game is worse than Legends, maybe even 3. Just re-skin the original Crusader from 2002, I'd play the crap out of this game. Or keep making money from stronghold kingdoms because that seems to be working out for you. You're just bringing more shame to the Stronghold series with every new game, Firefly. Don't bother making a new Stronghold game , just keep adding more monetization to Stronghold Kingdoms.♥♥♥♥ you sincerely,MBT"
76561197964216976,Not Recommended,232890,22198830,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,allen,Terrible art and controls.
76561198057687731,Not Recommended,232890,12259318,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Bengahehe,disappointment...
76561197965789416,Not Recommended,232890,13488691,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Dr. Claw,"Do not buy this game. It would seem very exciting to be able to build your own castle. Were this kind of concept married with gameplay on par with, for example, the real time component of Medieval Total War II (a game nearly a decade old), the game would be a joy and a gem. However, the mechanics of combat in this game are so unplayably bad that to simply say it ruins the game would be a gross understatement."
76561198349195867,Not Recommended,232890,31078565,Posted: 11 April,all,yucheng.xu,"Everything is good, but the UI is so terrible that I don't ever want to touch this game."
76561198032903209,Not Recommended,232890,13408313,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Darth Gewis,IT IS UNPLAYABLE... AS IN THE MENU DOESN'T LOAD!
,Not Recommended,232890,24413199,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Peep,Very dissapointing.
,Recommended,232890,27677911,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rens Agatha,BEST SHC GAMES !AboutRateArt/graphicBestGameplayBEST AND FUNMusicBESTPlaytimeJUST PLAY THE GAMEStoryBESTRecommended?YES BUY IT NOWcan Low Spec User play this game?NOHow many Game BugThere is too many bug i found.... btwDLC worth?YESReview Version 1.0
76561198050377620,Not Recommended,232890,12205624,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,angelious94,"so stronghold crusaders 2....after putting sometime into the game i cant really say if i can recommend this game to anybody...on one hand:they ripped a lot of funny things like the ""decorations"" that could be used to improve happiness ratings or work effiency(this by the way makes sandbox boring as you just dont have anything to do while building your castle) but they also added new things like mangonel towers(wich is just mangonels except now they have their own tower)outside of that the ai in the game sitll falls for the same tricks i used in crusaders and i just felt like im playing slightly improved version of crusaders rather than playing a sequal to an legendary castle builder game..."
,Not Recommended,232890,12241885,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,TheDevil,Ive been a fan of previous Stronghold games but to be completely honest im not feeling it this go around. It honestly feels unbalanced and even easier to destroy castles while many units feel useless like defensive siege towers. IMO it is better looking then previous games but does not offer a game changing experience to the title. This feels more like a update then a new game.No Siege Towers / Ladders??? Really...You can insta build a siege camp just outside of enemy territory and insta build as many weapons as you can afford and demolish an enemy castle in less then 10s this supports amazing game play...Multiplayer is riddled with hackers making that whole experiece worthless.The game has some very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ new ideas and terrible ideas from previous games.UPDATE: I have 14 hours in this game and out of 9 friends who own the game the one who has the second most time in the game has 1.5 hours. Save your money unless you are a diehard fan of the Stronghold Games.Age of Empires: Better city builder strategy game.Total War: Better castle bashing.
76561198073891139,Not Recommended,232890,12217514,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,no way.,"I loved Stronghold Crusader back in the days, so I was a little hyped when I saw the game in the store. Reviews were good, what could go wrong, right?Lets start with what's good. There isnt too much changed from the original. More or less the same units, same buildings, same game mechanics, also the music is fitting (well, its the same as in SHC). So, how can this be a bad game?Graphics. Everything looks washed, tiny and small. Units look the same. Original SHC looked much better in my opinion. You cant differ. AI was bad in SHC, it hasnt improved much. Enemies just ran at your castle walls without any tactic at all (and they seem to use the same routes more or less everytime they attack). I cant figure out how to rotate buildings. Is there any hotkey? Are there any hotkeys at all? I dont know, the game doesnt tell me and there is now way to configure anything. There is not much new content. You even got nearly the same enemies you had in SHC1. There are bugs. Like catapults standing right in front of you shooting at your walls but somehow you cant destroy them with archers because they overlap with that enemy construction camp. This isnt a finished game at all. I would ignore all this tiny annoying things if the graphics were decent but hell, those washed textures look like 20 years old."
76561197981702466,Not Recommended,232890,12220806,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,$trümp@n,This game is JUST like Stronghold Crusader.. But lamer.. Don't buy it!
76561198101025903,Not Recommended,232890,18240774,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,selfsmarted,garbage
76561198118623293,Not Recommended,232890,12478689,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,aggressiondontwork,just buy stronghold crusader 1
76561197970899491,Recommended,232890,12732476,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,bodayga,"great stronghold game, they finally brought back the game that i used to love. they lost their way and found it again. very happy."
,Not Recommended,232890,12216329,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,[RGN] John Snow,"I was excited as hell for this game i have been a fan of the series for a long time. But upon playing this my bubble was burst. This game simply does not measure up to the price. This should not be priced as a AAA game release 49.99.Pros:Consistant Fun ""Stronghold gameplayWall and Castle Building tools improved leaps and bounds over previous gamesMultiplayerCons:AI is clunky and akwardGraphically the game leaves alot to be desired(looks like it could have come out 4 years ago)Not enough inovation(Developers seems to have gone very safe and not really experements with much new)Short version: Cant recommend at the 49.99 price tag wait for it on a Stean sale"
76561198051262026,Not Recommended,232890,12214110,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Aventador65,"So far i have had nothing but trouble with this game. Crashing, failing to start, cant deselect units or select units key board functions wont work. Seems very buggy in the short amount of time that i have played it. Coming from the first one and having many many hours into it so dar i can say that i am dissapointed with this one. Hopefully some patches will fix these problems. Right now i cant recommend, but if it starts working properly it looks to be a really fun game."
76561197972710389,Not Recommended,232890,13304592,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,HW Plainview,Bought this game for $60 because of the reviews. Reviews and price dropped by 30%. Last time I pay for a game full price at release.
76561198236748184,Not Recommended,232890,18581264,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,goblin.queen,"I'm a big, big Stronghold fan. Been all the way through everything ever made with this brand name (although managed to be scared away from Stronghold 3 by the 1-star rating on Amazon, and some of the most scathing reviews I think I have ever seen on a game).  By now, started to experience withdrawal symptoms because I changed PC and most of my SH games wouldn't work on Win 8 except for Legends. Saw Crusader II being advertised and was relieved...thank you, thank you, thank you...did some homework, watched some youtube playthroughs, and everything looked grand, but...The game won't even run on my PC except in the lowest graphic setting, and then the buildings and everything looks awful.  Secondly, is it my imagination or are there only a total of about 12 buildings that can be built? Seems so very few now. If you are going to re-release a game, wouldn't a bit more content for the quite ridiculous price not be the order of the day? I saw that there are add-ons purchasable for it, but come on...I've already paid £22.99 and I've got to pay more for add-ons? Feel pretty stupid because I feel I have totally wasted my money. The hours logged as play time were me just sitting there and going: 'I hope this gets better."" instead of actually enjoying it.Such a pity. Stronghold is LEGENDARY. This is just carp. Very expensive carp."
76561198062133239,Not Recommended,232890,12238637,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,The Drab Crab,"Wish I could return this game somehow, not impressed, should have just got AoE."
,Not Recommended,232890,28721792,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,✪eLemeNt19,♥♥♥♥ing worst game ever buggy as hell and cost 60 $ and you cant even hack on it graphics suck badlu optimizED waste of time
,Not Recommended,232890,12850068,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Simpl3x,what happen to all the other reviews
,Not Recommended,232890,23279630,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Priest of GODKINGBIRD,$50. lmao
,Not Recommended,232890,12826525,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,FREEMASON,I thought it was free build but it's even worst than Stronghold 2. After capturing the enemies estate you can't even control it for smaller income
,Recommended,232890,12198073,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,The Persian Menace,Exactly what I wanted out of the game. Highly recommend.
76561197979109729,Not Recommended,232890,12633779,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,The Underdog,same old game. come on you can do better than that firefly.
,Recommended,232890,12452138,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Sheepie,"I have played the original crusader for years, and when I heard this was coming out, I was REALLY excited, despite having another year or so to wait. However, I waited it out and bought the game. Originally, it was slow. When I viewed a castle it lagged. I discovered this was a problem with my RAM - 3GB. I tried it on my laptop - 4GB RAM - and it proved to be much better. It is a great improvement on the original crusader, if a little memory-draining. The multilayer is a great advantage, if a little buggy.Some good units have dissapeared, but thankfully, were replace with units of equal awesomeness. Engineers have been removed. Another good point is that the view is much more controllable.I would recommend, despite it being similar to the original. I wish they would add more AIs though - there's only eight."
,Recommended,232890,12599193,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,THE ABSENT ANSCHLUSS,Yes
76561198135465369,Not Recommended,232890,28464021,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Pipstar,regular stonghold 2 was way better
,Not Recommended,232890,12370952,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Nolrovos,"Thus far, I've only forced myself to play this game, while the original I couldn't do anything but help give hundreds upon hundreds of hours into the game. At first it's simple structure seemed likeable to me, only to realize the maps are horribly designed for Stronghold Crusader 2. You have to build your mines completely exposed, with no way to build fortifications anywhere near them to defend it, leaving you constantly buying iron, stone, and even sometimes FOOD. Yes, that's right even the oasis seems to be terribly misplaced. On some maps these disadvantages are fine, because it could prove a challenge that veteran players are looking for. However for the masses, I cannot see how this was a good move.While it may not bother some, however it should be noted that the characters from the previous series who make a come back in this one are no where NEAR alike that of the original Stronghold, or Stronghold Crusader. You can't tell me that they can't afford better voices and animations for SHK2, everyone I've seen who liked the series purchased it immediately. Stronghold Crusader is better in many, many aspects in not only animations, but also the looks of said characters even noting the pixelation. Their voices also fit the part well, and the actors did an exceedingly wonderful job at sounding convincing. However for SHK2, their lines are corny, their voices sound unconvincing, (as if he wasn't talking about the same subject that he was) and overall their cut-seen is horribly tacky. It gives you a big, ""So and so time.."" and transparents to a scene with two warriors, they clash blades and.. that's all. Yep, that build up for nothing.But let's get out of the pit of despair for a bit. They have some new units, to which are likeable. Such as the Ranger, who is capable of both range, and meleee combat, though not an expert at either.  They updated the graphics... for the most part. (again not on character models, ie when the rat portrait comes up when he's mad/attacking you) They have a simplier, clever system. Although I think overall for me this is good, this can be debated on highly. I just now thank the game that I don't have to focus on rebuilding economy/walls constantly when I'm being barraged with enemies.If you're certain about purchasing this game, just keep in mind I was too. Overall I regret it as it stands, but if they fix the animations, voices, script for lines, and maps, then we'll start talking. In comparison to Stronghold Crusader, this game has very few gameplay hours, unless maybe you're a PvP-focused person? Not too sure how well PvP works in this game, but considering the maps.. I imagine not too fun since your economy being smashed is nothing you can really control. Unless you love fighting field battles."
,Not Recommended,232890,17833591,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,SavvyAlloy,had troubbles with the game crashing and no soundi gus i wont be making lets plays of this game
,Recommended,232890,12212167,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Brutus,"I highly recammend buying, but not now. Its got tons of bugs and the main screens look a little unproffesional. Im getting bsods in game and it mihgt happen to you aswell. aStill a great game. I loved the first one."
76561198042309535,Recommended,232890,12299722,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Rumplef0rEskin,Reminds me of the good old days of the first crusader except with a larger variety of troops at your disposal and the graphics is obviously a lot better as well as the physics all in all great game and was worth the money.
76561198201203802,Not Recommended,232890,22193097,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,King,Too boring .
76561198166132547,Recommended,232890,13331915,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,le tRUE Liar,VERY GOODALMOST CRIPPLED ME
76561198048909669,Not Recommended,232890,21490608,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,123,This is hands down the worst Game I have ever had the misfourtune to encounter! FAIL
,Recommended,232890,15720673,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Little Caesar's 3 Meat Treat,"""DA SLAVE KING!"" bt srsly, dis gaem is OOBER gud. it gots de Slev Keeng, and Da Schahhh, whoo tocks abutt hs pearots.6/9 = Slevs ned 2 b bleck liek frist gaym"
76561198096884975,Recommended,232890,12291039,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,President Putin,"Map Editor & Co-op PlayWe've received a number of queries about how and where to find the Map Editor and the new Co-op Mode, so here are instructions for everyone who is still searching:Map Editor1. Open your Steam client2. Click on LIBRARY at the top3. Select TOOLS4. Double-click 'Stronghold Crusader 2 Map Editor' to install the editor5. After installation, double click again to launch the editorCo-op Mode1. Launch Crusader 22. Select 'Multiplayer'3. Select the 'Host Game' tab and create a game4. When other players join, drag and drop players together to form a team5. Drag and drop human teammates together to share an estate in co-op modePlease Note: Co-op teams are limited to pairs of two players, so while you can play with a mix of up to eight human and AI opponents in one game only two players can be 'linked'. This limit does not apply to traditional teams, where each player has his or her own castle."
,Recommended,232890,28662844,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Namuskeeper,Best Stronghold game out there.11/10 would build the castle again.
,Recommended,232890,12636812,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,=OHG=Excuse Gaming,tots ma goats the best game ever
76561198091835636,Not Recommended,232890,12415374,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Veraz,Its not as good as Stronghold 2 was. But still very cool game.
76561198127118631,Not Recommended,232890,14907189,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,mimelover82,It just doesn't stack up to the original Stronghold Crusader. P.S. get that one instead.
,Not Recommended,232890,16381833,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Drifter,A true disappointment
76561198092530448,Not Recommended,232890,32618606,Posted: 21 June,all,Narratis,"Buggiest game I've ever played, even American politics can't match the♥♥♥♥♥♥this is"
76561198009586772,Not Recommended,232890,14787311,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Moforkus,"This game is terrible...Yes the graphics are nice..the building models are cool etc. But the AI is TERRRIBLE...you will notice that i have not completed even 4 hours of playing this game. This is bc it is so damn unfair...I could not even complete the tutorial missions because i kept dying bc the AI cheats like crazy/ or the mission design is terrible.I have played RTS games for years and this is by far one of the most frustrating games i have ever played in my entire life. The tutorial missions suck because they don't always explain why you should do something. Additionally some of the mechanics in this game are stupid...i build a huge catapault behind my castle walls...8 archers approach my wall and kill the catapault by shooting THROUGH the wall somehow and destroy a huge defensive structure that takes a lot of resources to build.In the territorial mission i got stuck on, within minutes of starting you are faced with constant attacks. They tell you to use your horse archers to harrass the attackers as they can fire and move. So i did...repeatedly. Ya that works to a point (bc sometimes they stop randomly and die, and after enough time while your trying to fend off the repeated attacks with your archers, you need to also raise your defenses and then build an army capable of destroying the enemy castle.Even with a literal army of those archers, and some frontline infantry and catapaults...the enemy base is structured in such a way that to get your catapaaults near the walls to destroy them (so your melee guys can get in there) the catapualts must enter archer range..and subsequently get destroyed as your trying to manage them, defending against the constant attacks, while trying ot push your own attack. I lost this mission repeatedly, even after i attacked the AI's economy in the first few minutes of the game (destroying his farms and all other buildings/workers outside his walls).I like a challenge..but when less than an hour into a games F$%&#@@ tutorial and i am constantly having to reload and reload..its just ridiculous. Oh..and did i mention that the AI on YOUR side is just stupid?You have oil pots laced around the map..your flame archers are the only ones who can set it off..but you have to micro manage EACH one and get them to fire at the oil patches you placed earlier..individually..while being attacked from multiple sides....this unit is the only one you are given in the mission to start the fires...yet you must tell them to start a fire individually (the fact they are near a place to start a fire and enemies just walked over it is not good enough...). Which wouldn't be so bad if you didn't have people attacking you from 3 sides at once.just writing this review is making me relive the annoying and frustrating experience that was trying to ""play"" this broken, unfair, unfun, rip off, totallly poor excuse for a game. A game is supposed to be fun...minutes into a game when your yelling at the $$%$ screen because you keep dying in the tutorial...its not any fun period. This is not a game...its like internet trolls got together and created something they called a ""game"" to just @$#$% with people who wanted to have fun.Avoid...this..game...at...all...costs. you will regret it if you dont heed my advice. i plan on never giving this developer my money ever again...total garbage! Dont even buy it on sale..i paid full price for this garbage and after less than 4 hours of play..its been deleted."
76561198100076491,Not Recommended,232890,13135965,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,shatti_11,"nope, it's bad"
,Not Recommended,232890,15862466,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,.ScoourGe^,"worst stronghold ever made, campaign is ridiculous , music is a copy of crusaders , AI is dumb and easy too defeat, they dont atack your lord , they preffer to destroy your farms while you kill all units, the strongest atack is 10 swordsman and 15 crosbowman , WORST STRONGHOLD EVER MADE, and of course they spawn soldiers from no where even if you had already destroyed their armory and barrack"
76561198007419264,Not Recommended,232890,16223307,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,"Dr.AxelStoll aka ""The Submarine""",Harass each other in early game till one has no money left. GG
,Not Recommended,232890,16267858,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Nerd,"I can't believe I spent $54 canadian on this sequal. I can tell that it's not finished and needs a lot more work. I'll tell you that  the first beats this no problem. I was expecting a sequal to the crusader series, not Stronghold 4."
76561198055860708,Recommended,232890,12289214,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,puzzledpike,love this game
,Not Recommended,232890,28145952,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Buddha vs. Cactus,♥♥♥♥ed up
,Not Recommended,232890,22228621,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Mick Jagger,"Another disappointment like Stronghold 3.  Just go buy Stronghold 2, its the only one in the series worth playing"
,Recommended,232890,22930958,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Galuh.AK,Nice .
,Recommended,232890,12761373,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Pirdy,"This will be a very brief review. In my opinion the game is worth buying. I wouldn't rank this as a top RTS, but I enjoyed playing it. When I purchase a game, I shoot to average $1-2/hr. of play time. Since the base game is $50 and my hours at the writing of this review is over 37, I would consider this game a winner.If you were a major fan of the old Stronghold games, you may dislike this game. It is a striped down and simplified version with some moderate graphics. It does have some very disappointing AI and gives the impression that the designers spent very little time thinking of balance or performance.It is an enjoyable game, but after about 30 hours you will likely begin to lose interest. I eagerly await future updates and expansions to improve the selection available and gameplay."
,Recommended,232890,12723424,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Elub,"Great base of the game which i've always loved but the game keeps crashing, cant play for more than 5 mins without it crashing!"
,Recommended,232890,14030148,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Degenerate,"Where do I start? SH Crusader was one of the best games I have ever played. SH Crusader 2 however lacked some key features such as engineer guilds, resource and certain vital game mechanics. The a.i. is also pretty stiff. All in all, 10/10 for the graphics."
,Recommended,232890,12626762,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Neroes,"i really enjoyed this stronghold gameit has fixed several problems i found to be anoying in the old gamessuch as crappy AI, the ability to build a tower that could rain down arrows on apponent, iron gathering as a whole was kinda ridiculesthough it has several new problems and does not have the same polishing touchthere was an extreme attention to detail in the first stronghold games, though some of it being minor things such as building looking different if it was next to a wall, or each material taking up physical spacemainly a bunch of minor things that makes a great difference as a wholethe new stronghold game is fun to play but to most, it won't feel like the old games you fell in love with"
76561198034656037,Recommended,232890,12533168,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Warrior,"Good game, but need a lot of update to be more like the first one, for now it is taking to much mechanic of Legendary to be purfect as the first one, we can't even dig... :("
,Recommended,232890,25817846,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Lord Snake (TittieMcFuckFace),10/10
,Not Recommended,232890,28894472,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,kordy,It's just a bad game... Not recommended even for 3.49€.
76561198104010112,Not Recommended,232890,33114293,Posted: 1 July,all,Thot slayer Oof.,bad
76561198159083186,Recommended,232890,19220802,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,sublimemankato,"As a stronghold fan from the beginning, I have to say this game is addicting!  It would be boring pretty quickly without multiplayer though.  computer opponents are easy and very predictable.  Sure, the game has a few bugs, but seems like most of them have been fixed now.  If you are a real time strategy fan or a previous fan of other stronghold games, I would definately recommend!  Its very similar to the original stronghold crusader, but better graphics, new maps, new opponents, and new units, but the game play is the same.  Build an economy, build an army, attack!"
76561198128893701,Recommended,232890,19367983,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,**World_Wide_Troll**,This game is legit. Showes how one can surive being patient and stratical. No one is better than anyone else. Focus on the key features and relax and play your game. It is like the life we living now but minus is to 1000 years agonot that hard to imagine. Very stratigical and time consuming. Be prepared to experience some old school warfare.:D...:/
76561198058309191,Recommended,232890,20707695,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,boboyt95,"Fun game, very similar to the original and thats why its good!"
,Recommended,232890,15618166,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,SickTag,"Once more unto the breach.  The good things from the other games with a modern engine and dynamics.  If you loved the Stronghold series, or mostly, then this game is worth the $ to play.  I sunk hundreds of hours in the first Crusader game before even Steam.This game is a good castle sim/RTS game with balanced units and game play.  The campaigns are plenty long enough to keep you busy for hours, plus there are several extra campaigns as DLC.  There are a number of leaders to choose from, depending on your play style.  This game has PVP for teams or FFA, or vs against the computer or team up with other players against the computer.  Your limitations on building are limited to the land you claim, and your imagination.The only draw back that I have for this game is that my antiviris has to be turned off before launching, because this game gives my computer a false positive.The Stronghold games would be in my top 20 all time favorite games somewhere near Civilization and Command and Conquer."
,Recommended,232890,19413732,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Conker,"It's not a bad game. If you enjoyed the first Stronghold Crusader as much as I did, you'll enjoy it. The reason why reviews are so mixed is because the game lost a lot of features that the original had. Think of Stronghold Crusaders 2 as a simple version of the original with much better graphics and multiplayer support (Steam), instead of using something like Game Ranger. Overall I would recommend the game. Worth your money when on sale, not so much when $50+"
76561198187583209,Recommended,232890,19871537,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,exelia2813,amazing
76561197970384883,Recommended,232890,26170399,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,FHDA,75%
76561198008896419,Recommended,232890,14602833,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Cornered Cat,This game has the feel of an updated and vastly improved Age of Empires and the battles are a somewhat fun watered down version of the Total war seriers.
76561198101478992,Recommended,232890,33786307,Posted: 25 July,all,Caeser Heronium,"Nice game, but I miss some of the old things from Stronghold Crusader HD"
76561198051117461,Recommended,232890,13022155,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Sulti ÐON,"Good job !Still a few bugs, few crashes, but overall great game! Some good patches will fix this.I've played SH1,2,3,legends and kingdoms and this game is what i wanted.Eco is nice,  siege units great, this game doesnt need religion,torture, dances, feasts, etc. like many ppl say like in SH2.All about attacking with the right units. And there are many troops to choose from which you must choose wisely cause they are expensive what makes this game a lot of fun.TY FIREFLY !"
,Not Recommended,232890,12207867,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Owl Ball,"Ignore the positive reviews for this game. I have no idea how the developers managed to create a game worse than Stronghold 3. It is simply beyond comprehension.If you're a fan of the first two Stronghold games - DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEIf you're a fan of strategy games - DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEI'm so mad at Firefly Studios right now, I can't even put it into words. Stronghold 1 and Crusader were two truly unique and beautiful strategy games. This however... is an unplayable mess. I'm not even going to call it a game. It's an abomination. Do yourself a favor and stay far, far away from it."
76561198042551042,Recommended,232890,12600317,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,eagle,"10/10music 10/10voice 10/10gameplay 10/10graphics for rts 10/10in one campaign mission ratty... saved my♥♥♥♥♥while calling me peasant 10/10still i want moat, ladder, peasant talking etc ""ALL"" old stronghold stuff implemented.tree growing...even more harder and cunning AIs who force me to build castle rather than just putting towers with crossbowsmore extra large maps like tornadoesafter improving crusader 2; i want Stronghold Legends 2 (i will buy it promise)"
,Recommended,232890,12270794,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Talamander,"Everything Stronghold 3 should have been but this time, in the desert. If you enjoy any of the other stronghold titles you will love this one."
76561198049495941,Recommended,232890,12193309,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Crazypronz,"~~Meet expectations~~Let me first say my expectations for this game were high and i was extremely excited.The game delivers on what i was hoping for its as great as the first game.It almost has a feel as a reboot as there is not as much new game play as i expected but what there is, is amazing and the quality of the updates are great.I plan on playing alot"
76561198004497257,Recommended,232890,12193266,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Shadow,Good game thay just need to add to torture buildings and the ability to be more of a tyrant. other than that thay did a great job on it!
,Not Recommended,232890,12313450,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Holmberg,"This game wasn't really what I expected, the first crusader was awesome but this is just a bit annoying to play really. They removed alot of features and it's awkward movement of the units but it's still an okay game."
,Not Recommended,232890,18182280,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Wolfiefang,It was all good until they started the money grab with DLC AI... of which the AI is still pretty bad... and just so many bugs that they somehow consider this game worth $50+ =( Hopefully this won't be the death or future of Stronghold
76561198040265644,Not Recommended,232890,13320218,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,osr_gm,Terrible
,Recommended,232890,12194529,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Nite-Ninja,"Okay, now that I've played this game, single player, multiplayer, free build, and everything, I'm gonna write a full review. (And maybe to deter the haters of my last ""review"")---Set back in the 1100's after the Great Crusades, Stronghold Crusader is set in the Arabian middle eastern region for this installment of carnage, mayhem, and humor. There, nobody can hear you scream as a group of other Lords only wish to see your existance end short, and your head on their mantlepiece.Unlike the Stronghold series, Crusader is focused more on fast action combat over castle building and development, as your castle's only purpose is to sustain an economy strong enough to crank out troops faster than those around you, and to protect your Lord from the opposition.- The Campaign is a series of challenging scenarios in skirmish format, where you overcome challenging environments, terrain, and the enemy Lords who use them for their advantage to hamper your ability to obtain victory.- If you wish to have control of the fight, single player skirmish mode gives you a map roster, your opponents, your starting resources, and everything else.- If you aren't feeling combat-ready at the moment, the freebuild just gives you an empty board, unlimited building limits, and control over the random events and your prosperity.- Multiplayer is a no-holds barred slugfest, utilizing Steam Network for multiplayer, seamless and lagless gameplay ensures that every battle is enjoyed from start to finish.This game is supported by Firefly Studios for future bug squashing and feature additions through Steam downloads.---Here is my take on the game so far.The Good:- The graphics are great, smooth and well detailed. You can zoom right into the action and get the feel of the action.- Gameplay is seamless, and encourages fast paced action.- Game is well developed and for the most part, bugs are crushed.- Future updates to look forward to.The Bad:- Economic system feels too much like Stronghold Legends than Crusader.- Doesn't run well on lower end hardware (AMD A-10 APU)- Many elements in Crusader has been excluded in Crusader II- Not as many maps or AI players to choose from compared to Crusader IOverall Verdict:I was a bit disappointed in the map selection for the game. I was hoping that Firefly would remake and re-release old maps under the new engine. Also map size in many maps feels too crowded.I also didn't like the map limit, you're only allowed a certain amount of buildings and troops in a game, and it redestributes as opponents are killed off. The building limit seems unnecessary as in Crusader 1 you could fill your ""Estate"" to the brim with buildings and stuff.Many things aren't included in this that Crusader 1 players might know of, like engineers constructing equipment, moats, tunnelers, and various other quirks.This game uses the unbalanced economic system that Stronghold Legends and beyond is built off of, many things are way too expensive and depend on the market to obtain, especially wood. Woodcutters huts are too large and do not pull in enough wood to satisfy any need in a castle.On the flipside, farms are smaller and you can have more farms per grid square than Crusader 1.  There are a new grade of siege equipment you can use as well as a few new units in the infantry you can utilize.Castle wall construction is seamless and things connect nicely, even bringing back being able to use your barracks as an access to the wallsOverall, despite the things that are missing, and the uncopious limits that do get annoying, the game is worth buying and playing, especially if Firefly Studios releases more content as they did in the old Crusader 1 (Retail OEM had less maps and opponents too, but the special edition had more)."
,Not Recommended,232890,12369013,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,blogsg1,"Feels like ages of empire stuck in one age lol not a bad thing but if your looking for something new to the genre don't bother. This is the first stronghold game i have played to be honest it's going to be probably my last.I best stick to my total war series. maybe i will give it a go, another time when i'm not so fed up with ages lol"
76561198067470599,Recommended,232890,12195843,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Hunter,So far I have enjoyed this game just as much as I wanted. Similar feel to the old Stronghold games yet much better graphics and better interface which in turn makes for smoother gameplay. I have just scratched the surface with this game. Looking forward to what multiplayer has to offer.>8.5/10
76561198003205745,Recommended,232890,12593578,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Machomitch,Anybody that was a fan of the first crusader will find that same addictive castle building and castle destroying is still here and it still feels great. Minor flaws aside.
76561198059254862,Recommended,232890,12197305,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,RA1,"I never played a stronghold game, but this game is fun!The thing i prefer about this game the most, is you dont have to micro manage your economy (you dont need to control your peasents and tell them to gather wood for example) you just build the required economy building, and the economy will take care of itself.Leaving you free to micromanage your military as much as you want!thats how military strategy games should be designed!"
,Recommended,232890,12198008,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Flush Pocket,"This is without a doubt the best Stronhold release to date. I have played Stronhold since number one came out on demo disc in my quarterly PC gamer when I was 12. Everything that made me smash my mouse and spit at the screen in Stronghold 3 has been addressed in Crusader 2. Good pace and balance, buildings a good size, easy placement, graphics options, scaled tutorial missions. Most importatnly, the ability to quench my insatiable thirst to buld castles, man the walls, and slaughter dirty desert peasants.My only hope is that the $50 I spent on Stronghold 3 have gone towards making this game as good as it is, and that the $50 I just spent on Crusader 2 go towards a celebration party for a job well done.Edit: Notable improvements: smaller lumberjacks (1 pop requirement), better housing system (max 8 pop with generous placement radius), better happiness scale (less insane micromanaging food-tax-population), square building placement (no more awkward slightly turned buldings ruining my OCD), faster and smoother ox tethers."
,Recommended,232890,12194791,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Coffee,"Whilst it does seem like a stripped down, more simpler version of Stronghold (for a sequel), it does the job pretty nicely (aside from the bugs, but those will get fixed pretty quickly I think)"
,Not Recommended,232890,25625449,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Shadow Knight,"Stronghold 1 and Stronghold Crusader were part of my childhood and I wasted many hours with it. It is pretty sad for me to see how the series going down.Neutral pointsMultiplayer- I have to say that I couldnt finish a single game vs a real human player. After a few attempts I can say the following things about the multiplayer part:Starting a game is a pain. Multiple times many player joined the lobby at once so the game crashed. Also happened a few times when I tried to kick people. Getting a game started with 7 other players seems to be impossible.MP is not dead but you have to try many times until you successfully connected to a lobby.The few games I could play were laggy and crashed after some time.Some options which can be set by the host can make it nearly impossible to siege a castle- Note that I dont really have much experiences with Stronghold multiplayer at all so my statements about the multiplayer part are may notthatqualified.Graphics- The game has a decent graphics but it is not overwhelming. When you zoom in you can see some nice details but textures are not that great. At all I would use the word ""average"" to describe the graphics of the game.Animations- Also average. There are many tiny animations for the peasants which is nice but also the battle animations are not really convincing.Story- A real story do in fact not exist but it bothers me notthatmuch in a Stronghold game. Campaign(s) are difficult like in all Stronghold games. At least they did not to the same with the black/white images like in Stronghold 3Miscellaneous- People/peasants do not have a voice like in the old games which kills the atmosphere in my opinion. I liked it when I clicked on the people and they started complaining about their work, food, taxes etc. That made your castle looking more ""alive"".- Game has a map editor which is always a good thing.- Placing buildings works smooth and is pretty good - beside building walls cause this sucks..- The units are not that balanced but there are many different units (they kicked out a few of the old units but also created new ones which are quite interesting).- No more ""swearing on key"".. awww =(Negative pointsBugs- They fixed many bugs but hell there are many left.. and many of them are game breakers -_-- If you use more than one active monitor you have trouble with the ingame camera navigation cause of missing monitor borders. If you switched to the desktop and back into the game while you play a round the map is bugged and you can restart the round.- Units glitching though the walls, getting stucked, cant find the way anymore, ignores enemies. People get stucked while they work, they just dont work even when you have tons of the needed resources, horses (for knights) are bugged as hell and so on.- Of course there are game crashes more often than it should be.Gameplay- The economy is slower than it should be, it works worse than it should be. Prices are not very well balanced in my opinion and sometimes everything get suddenly ♥♥♥♥ed up without a real reason (no major economy change, no enemy attack).- The reputation system is also not very well balanced in my point of view.- Everything is just slow. Building up a working economy, build an army, the speed of units - everything is too slow..- Fire is too devastating cause units are slow and get ♥♥♥♥ed up by fire too easy.- Dogs are buggy and completely useless. Also I miss the good old defensive traps and stuff. Fireworkers are useless they just give a♥♥♥♥♥♥while your castle is burning..- Building and unit restriction is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.- Units are not very balanced (but it could be worse).- Again no siege mode. Sad.AI- As a skirmish player the AI is important for me. Sadly the AI has not evolved since Stronghold Crusader. The AI act dumb but the REAL problem is that the AI extremely cheats. They get free units all the time and the amount of units is just ridiculous. The AI also gives a ♥♥♥♥ about the unit limit (well they can have a minus count of units but their castle is full of troops) which makes the game just unfair and kills a lot of fun. So sometimes you get just overran cause the AI spam their free units at you.- The units act not very clever at all. Occasionally the troops ignore each other and dont attack. Sometimes they attack even when you tell them to stay. Often they keep running even if they are in rage and you told them to attack etc. The list is long so tl;tr: The AI is unfair and sucks!- The castles build by the AI are ok. Not always functionally but I am totally fine with it.- Without the DLCs you got not enough AI lords. Sadly they decided to rip many of them out of the main game and sell them in overpriced DLCs. Also many characters from the past are missing, the new ones mostly have no ""soul"".Positive pointsMaps- Many maps- Not all maps are balanced. Yes I know that some of them are designed to be unbalanced which is ok but only to a certain point!ConclusionThis one was a hard decision because the game is not that bad but summarizing all the points I have to give it a negative reputation. Things that also lead me to a negative review:Stronghold 3 was a big, BIG disappointment and I hoped they would have learned more after that disaster.Since Stronghold Crusader they only produced stronghold titles which are average or ""not pretty good"". Stronghold Crusader Extreme is a scam, Stronghold Kingdoms is pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, Stronghold 3 is horrible, Stronghold 2 is meh, Stronghold Legends seems to be ok but I havent played it enough to say more about this here. Normally I would say that the company is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t but it seems that Firefly isnt that bad. Stronghold 3 is crap but they tried to fix it and as far as I know they got forced to publish the game in a unfinished status. Also they added extra characters for Stronghold Crusader for free after the game was out for a long time. They remastered the old games for a moderate price. Pretty hard to tell if Firefly is more ""good"" or more ""bad"".Their DLC politics with Stronghold Crusader 2 sucks. You have to pay too much money for too little content which should have been in the main game anyway. Big thumbs down here.So should you buy it? Again it is hard to tell. I suggest if this game is not a prior 1 game for you, you should wait until you get a ""complete edition"" of the game or until the game( + the dlcs) is very cheap in a sale. Oh and dont try to compare it to the old Stronghold Crusader cause you will just get disappointed."
76561198051242795,Recommended,232890,22187891,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,RWR | ShyNe HYDRA! DGL ONLY,"3 days wasted xDNot bad, but RTS is dead :/"
,Not Recommended,232890,21693286,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Forgoten Sans (FO) (FED O G),i want i refund now this is a peace of crap
76561198007819329,Recommended,232890,19379218,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Pepsicangirth,I've played every SH ever made (yes even 3) for hundreds of hours each. If you enjoy SH... you will enjoy SHC2. period
76561198221241604,Recommended,232890,19283527,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,sendal,Good Game
,Not Recommended,232890,21370322,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,WombRaider,build a archer tower fill it with archers gg
76561198043562058,Recommended,232890,21761706,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Oblivion,swing and a miss?
76561198020760454,Not Recommended,232890,32658707,Posted: 22 June,all,Scorpio,i got my money back
76561198205441433,Recommended,232890,25786535,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,The witch king of angmar,good game
76561198173256153,Recommended,232890,25939333,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Darksmog51,good game
76561198042263702,Recommended,232890,12224635,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Brahmin Herder,"Good game. I enjoy it throughly. Few bugs, few glitches so far, and multiplayer runs pretty smooth. I have played through a 3 human vs. 3 AI on a large map and we had very little lag or problems. At first the economy seemed hard to get a grasph on, but when I did I found it to be easy and rewarding. I love striving for that ""Greatest Lord"" when playing with friends. Doesn't neccesarily feel like a stronghold game, but it's got the core down and is a worthy sequel."
,Recommended,232890,12303479,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Benjaminius,"Stronghold Crusaders 2 continues the popular castle building franchise with improved graphics, several new units, and a wall physics engine.  Unfortunately, that's the end of the list of improvements.  The game doesn't bring many new game mechanics to the table and, in fact, removes many building types and gameplay elements included in previous Stronghold titles.The new units and thier special abilities add a bit more variety to combat and the crumbling walls look very satisfying.  Other than that, this is a dumbed-down Stronghold title that needs the upcoming updates promised by the developers before I would say it is worth the $50 price tag.  That being said, I am enjoying the game and it lives up to the quality (if not the size and complexity) of previous titles in the series.As a fan of the Stronghold series I highly reccomend this game, but would suggest you hold off and enjoy Stronghold 2 or the original Crusaders while you wait for some improvements and/or a price drop."
76561198005029888,Not Recommended,232890,21762888,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,jewden,You added DLC to this game so you can go ♥♥♥♥ yourself♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198143225649,Recommended,232890,12617771,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,[CACK]canekennedy0,can u make your own mapand if they are going to add sme more stuff i have a some ideas
,Recommended,232890,18965435,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Seansterlicious,"I like the interface, the style, and the gameplay. But the AI is insane and the learning curve is too steep. :("
76561198028375492,Recommended,232890,17738721,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Duke Devurers,good
76561197960858679,Recommended,232890,12285376,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Twin Dragons[CCC],"I have been playing stronghold titles since 2003, starting with Crusader and playing everything since. This series is the best Castle Sim RTS out there. With Crusader 1 being dear to my heart, and with the last title in the series, Stronghold 3 being a colossal failure, I, like many longtime Stronghold fans, was trepidatious as to how this title would pan out. Upon seeing mostly positive reviews I scooped it up and haven't regretted it since.I have seen negative reviews complaining about some of the elements of the original being taken out. So what, you want the exact same game again? Sure things were omitted, but things were also added too. The siege equipment is much more varied and detailed, and the castle defenses offers fun alternatives, as just a small example of new material.WHAT I LIKE:Economy and Food Balance & ease of interface with this aspect - this element is enough to make it challenging but does not require constant micromanagement while out pillaging and rampaging.New Troop options - offers additional new units through both the barracks and mercenary post that are worth trying. Slave Driver, anyone? A couple Whirling Dervishes?New and Entertaining Siege Equipment - ever wanted to watch a rotting camel carcass splatter on your enemies' castle and minions? Now is your chance!New AI Characters, plus the classicsSkirmish mode!!! Hours of fun. Hours.Devs plan to add more content as they goMY CRITICISMS:AI is better than facing a mouth breathing 10 year old, but could be better still. Its really not bad, and I haven't faced everyone yet, but like the other titles most of the AI have a routine and once you figure it out that opponent is less challenging. But the skirmish maps balance that by creating difficult combinations of circumstances and oppenents. I just finished a skirmish map facing one competent opponent and one incompetent, and they had twice the starting resources as me. It was very challenging at first to get an economy, food production, and defense as they ransacked me and I had to start several times before I found an early approach that worked. But once I did get established, it was just a matter of time until I felt comfortable with the size of the army and siege equipment to finish them off. I realize how difficult it would be to design an AI like this, but some adaptations expressed by the AI late game would make that part more challenging.Graphics aren't blow-you-away fantastic. I've seen this complaint in other reviews and I won't deny I have more graphically astute games in my collection. But I have always chosen gameplay and an engaging challenge over graphical perfection and for me this title does just fine with the graphics it has. Could they be better? Yes. Do they need to be? No way.More content, although from posts I have seen it sounds like the devs will be actively adding to the game in the future.CONCLUSIONFor me, the pros have far outweighed the cons and I have no regrets with the money & time I have put into this title. I can't wait for a couple friends to get it so we can get medieval on each other's castles.Happy Sieging!"
,Recommended,232890,12287984,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Zakalwe,"Very rough around the edges, some of the worst illustrations I've ever seen in a game, and poor UI graphic design can't stop the main event being massive fun. Stronghold is back!Once you get past the horrible front-end, you'll find an addictive and highly engaging RTS in the style of AOE3, with a highly developed castle building element. The economy echos the Anno games too, but in a much more streamlined form.In-game graphics are good, with nice character designs, and some good animations. Castles look well planted, and the environment is fairly interesting.Voice acting is as excellent as ever, but it sounds like clips from the older games have been re-used, including much of the fantastic music (possible the best I've heard in any game).The game has currently dropped a lot of the whimsical characterisation of the peasants, and certain popular features, such as the castle enhancements and punishments, have been left out, but crucially, Crusader 2 plays better than the original Stronghold. City management is easy and rewarding, castle designing is incredibly simple and flexible, and the siege element is the best in any RTS yet.There's much more to come, according to the developers, and i believe them. Stronghold Crusader 2 is the game that should have been made years ago. It captures the Stronghold atmosphere perfectly and actually improves on the original's core game play."
,Not Recommended,232890,32226128,Posted: 6 June,all,BediranCan,"Nice game, but you need to have a lot of friends to play. One or two player does not enough to be addictive of game. Buy for just one or two weeks"
,Recommended,232890,12679999,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Tiar,It's above my expectations. Not bad but also not better than original Crusader.
,Not Recommended,232890,29525859,Posted: 27 January,all,Dead Sea,I got it free for 3 days but infidels stole it
,Recommended,232890,12193568,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Bown/Mathellian,"Ok, making a more serious review. After testing the game after the release i have gotten a more inside of what you get in the game. For those that are unsure if they should buy or not, i would say yes you should. The game has a great mechanic which ensures realism, like when you fire a catapult stone on a wall you might knock of archers or other units killing them instantly. It is filled with fun things when creating a custom skirmish like adding random events that may give you bonuses or penalties, depending on your luck.The game is packed with action, strategy and economy. You have to watch everything from ale distribution to how many candles you make. As in previous stronghold games the key concept is always there, build a castle worthy of your people and destroy other lords and their castles. There are some things you might have seen in earlier Stronghold games that is missing in SC 2, like moats but again, you are in the deserts and where shall you get enough water to fill your moats?Some may have said the game is bugged, unstable or lagging. This is of course factors that you find in any game that have just been released, but if you have noticed, a patch was recently released which has removed a lot of the lag. Improved the stability and fixed other bugs that have been there, so you can expect a stable and good game.Now, what about graphics? Many sees graphics as an important part of a game and i can understand that, SC 2's graphics are quite good, i have not tested the highest levels of graphics due to lag but from what i have seen the graphics are quite decent. Of course they could be better but that would inflict on stability and general lag, remember that a strategy game's mechanic is a bit more advanced than a first person game, they have to take in mind of big a game can end up to be, the troop counts for an example, so unless you got a really good and expensive gaming rig you might not manage to run the game on perfect quality without experiencing lag.So, what else to tell about the game? Well, the game is a massive upgrade as a sequel to stronghold crusader 1, you got more units with fun abilities or gameplay, like ordering your archers to fire a volley on the enemy, sending macemen to run over an attacking force creating havoc or maybe send explosive burning wheelbarrow things towards the enemy. There are loads of units to explore and tactics to learn.Is there no cons? Well actually, there is some cons to the game in my opinion, like 3 units i used to love in stronghold crusader is gone. These units are the tunneler, ladderman and siege tower. I do not know why the siege tower or ladderman was removed as they were a core part of the medival strategy to attack castles but i guess the gamemakers have their reason. Other then that, you might think some of the animations of the units are stupid or weird but that is kinda up for the individual to decide.So my conclusion is: This game is worth the money, it is not as expensive as all the other games in it's genre. It is filled with all the fun you could want as a Stronghold fan or a general strategy/castle sim fan. It has interesting combinations of units and tactics making each game a new from the other, especially in the multi player. Fun AI's to battle. A nice setting and decent graphics. + a fantastic soundtrack. I will give the game a 7/10, but if you really want to know how the game is, try it out. See for yourself how the game is, read others reviews and make a decision, i know i don't regret buying it and i recommend it to everyone. I hope you will buy it and enjoy it as much as i am."
76561198022006469,Recommended,232890,12194721,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Sinatra,OMG the best rts game ive played since the first stronghold crusaders came out when I was younger......
76561198042894410,Recommended,232890,12196358,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Knight1376,"Best Stronghold yet.....well done. I cant see the map editor yet, but I really like this game, espesially the skirmish customization......Only thing I dont like is the camera view. But I figure this will be upgraded. I liked the camera view in Stronghold 3, where you could zoom around at ground level. Anyway...I highly recommend this game.....its very good."
,Recommended,232890,12240160,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,faroutski,just like in the old days! kinda.
,Recommended,232890,12195568,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Flagerblasted,My peasants didnt feel i was so great. So i poured pitch in my city and set them on fire. Whose the greatest now?!?!
,Not Recommended,232890,33941648,Posted: 31 July,all,SHAOKAHNW1NS!,SLAVA UKRAINE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,232890,15646749,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,^1w^4i^1cked ^7^2☢=VX9=,I love stronghold crusaders 2.  must buy game!!!
76561198018891158,Not Recommended,232890,15641046,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,ColumbianCartel,Terrible game theres no balance to it
,Recommended,232890,12191858,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Han #Yolo,Played a few skirmishes its pretty fun once you get the hang of it. A lot like the stronghold crusader.
76561198106940594,Not Recommended,232890,28634895,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,胖松鼠,not worth my time or money even if it is on sale.
76561198038255221,Recommended,232890,12241058,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Scoggy,Great game. Good job to the small team that made this happen!
76561198032100101,Not Recommended,232890,28691750,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Captain,Don´t buy this
,Not Recommended,232890,14893259,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Allen Sniperian,"Way to expensive for my taste, in my opinion 50$ wasted, thats the power of advertising I say, only played it once, and I highly dislike it. if only there was a way to trade owned games or refunding even for part of the price just get this out of my darn library..."
,Recommended,232890,12329116,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,jopey the cottonstroker,mi lord12/10igngotyit was okaynever forget
76561198011327679,Not Recommended,232890,21740415,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Red,Im pretty sure its the same game they just put a 2 on the end :/
76561198010880897,Recommended,232890,12924140,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Kbps,"I have to say, I can't understand why this game has got so much negative feedback. It is far from perfect but I can stafely say that this is the best Stronghold game since the original Crusader.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=km5AOIqLaUA&index=8&list=PLr1CrWALdLf00yN0TvQV2ThqzcYZFjgsN"
76561198071400212,Recommended,232890,12320753,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Mesortan,"Missing features or bad decisions:- AI is too bad. They only attack in same way whole game.- No forced attack- No moat (Srsly Firefly? No moats?)- Can't pick which kind of lord (arab/european) you play in Sandbox mode or options- No 45 degree rotation for buildings, which was one of the VERY few good things in SH3- You can't determine which goods, and how many, your estates deliver- Bird's-eye view missing (Very important! Especially for building)- All the lists are missing, like the ones showing all your units, where your gold came from etc. etc.- Where is the map maker?- Can't close/open gates on your own- TOWERS DON'T GET DOORS WHEN WALLS ARE ATTACHED TO THEM!! (this really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, as I am a person who cares a lot about such details, which is why I really stressed this point when I made my suggestions list for SHC2 while it was still in development)- There is no restart button- Building limit and unit limit is WAY TOO LOW- When you play with 8 players the unit limit is WAY too low. What am I supposed to do with 140 units? Even after only 3 players were left, I could still just build 333 units, that's not enough to be fun!- Same as above goes for buildings too, the limit is way too low- Couldn't find a strong walls option when playing against NPCs- Walls are TOO WEAK!!! One guy on Metacritic said it feels like they're made of chalk, which is absolutely true. They are in fact so weak that they're pretty much useless, combine that with the missing moats and you can't have any decent defense- Horses die way too easily, which makes knights almost useless. I once sent a large group of knights into an enemy group of archers, and most of them lost their horses before arriving. They need to be a LOT stronger- the marker on the minimap that shows where you currently are is too hard to see, it's very thin and black, should be changed to red or something- When you click on a unit that was sent out to attack someone or something, you can't see what he's going to attack, the marker should come back- Peasants and workers don't talk anymore- I really miss that one feature from SH2 where you could zoom out farther, but couldn't build anything while you did it (the button was an eye in a red circle or something like that). It was nice to be able to see your whole castle in that mode- No torture buildings (or the opposite of them)- Not enough new soundtracks - I don't mind using a few good, old ones, but I've only heard like 1 or 2 new soundtracks as of nowFound in other threads:- No ladder men or siege towers- Only one kind of keepOther Bugs:• Siege camps• Walls aren't deleted properly• Unresponsive units (they don't listen sometimes)• Camera 'jumps' sometimes when moving around the map• Some video options glitch the graphics, lines in middle of screen and such• Ranger animations are messed up - they hold the bow sideways away from them leaving one hand empty...Suggestions:• Fix UI• Add usable gates• Engineers, add them• Remove siege camps• Soldiers walking from camp site to barracks• Replace defensive turrets with old ones• Stronger walls• Nerf range on fire throwers• Nerf arabian archers (their range is insane compared to regular archers)• Up the damage from fire• Voiced peasants• Bring back the videos for buildings (doesn't matter if you rip them directly from Crusader, they look great)• Longer peace time (60 minutes)• Less slashing animations for pikemen (it feels odd)• Remove negative popularity from random events• Remove ALL events when turned off (including winds)• Count build distance with player keeps instead of areas• If areas are kept, increase color opacity• Add numbers on players and their keeps when choosing a map• Target your own units with attack• Round towers• Improve menu UI...The font, oh the font...• Perhaps fix the Rat, he feels way too gentleman like, dumb him down• Fix AI so they can actually defend their castle and attack in a proper way• Increase building and unit size. Remove buildings already present on map to increase this?• More NPCs running around - chickens, drunks, peasants, kids to make the place feel more alive"
76561198208358395,Recommended,232890,22230702,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,adamhuska30,I like that
,Not Recommended,232890,21034311,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,A Rather Slender Man™,i got this game thinking i like base building and stuff i also like haveing large amounts of troops to use. i got the game and found out the onley way to have people is to have no taxes bribe them and give them a LOT of food then i found out sandbox mode wont let you do what ever you want. DO NOT GET THIS GAME
76561198045045941,Recommended,232890,18689584,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Tae Tae,"A load of♥♥♥♥♥♥... Combat is♥♥♥♥♥♥building is extremely expensive, online games take a good hour for a real siege to happen. Oh and not only that but the skirmish campaign mode is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and unrealistic its sad... I bought this game expecting a real hardcore castle sim experience. Instead I recieved a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ load of kind of fun combat worth a good 20$. Now even though this game is whorible ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and not worth 50$(Wich is how much GTA5 costs and its like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ times better) Its still fun and ♥♥♥♥ing hilarous. Is it wrong I love sending legions of peasents to die charging with burning carts at enemy  farms, and economic buildings? and occasionally unsuspecting soldiers?"
76561198008509065,Not Recommended,232890,12210627,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,cavalry111scout,"This game sucks, the first game was better. they didnt improve anything other then the buildings have a little more detail. the characters look ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and game play is ehh. wasted $50!"
,Not Recommended,232890,12240487,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,gorkemkinik,Well it was a tough decision to recommend or not to recommend this game I have admit that first. For casual stronghold fans it will certainly provide a level of satisfaction.So good things first. I didn't come across that many bugs. Some graphical and physical artifacts happens here and there but not everywhere and game was stuck once in between loading missions but again no serious bugs. It is not easy on you and you need to come up with a few long term and short term tactical plans to achieve anything. Still a bit idiot proof compared to stronghold 1. Less resource dependencies which is a good and a bad thing.  A few extra units and unit abilities spice things up. That being sad some units are missing as well. Economy and military balance is all right. User interface was not a buzz killer for me usability wise. Easy to adept.However it really takes a while to get used to extremely primitive graphics and artwork. I am not even sure if they really hired any full time artists at all to work on it. Graphics are 3d but looks so beginner level almost like a school project made it's way to the market. There are good things here are and there which seems like bought online from 3d model sites and placed in a worst composition by developers with other unrelated stuff. The desert theme everywhere is so boring after a while. Landscapes are low in detail and looks very plain. You don't have any other option than playing in the bare desert. No signs of a decent story or a flow. Indicators and reports are barely understandable.So I feel a bit ripped of cause this game definitely needs more than patches and updates. It needs a complete overhauling. And to be honest I wasn't really expecting that much. My expectation was to have stronghold 1 experience with modernized graphics but other than being not 3d stronghold 1 was a much better game on every aspect.
76561198060652893,Recommended,232890,12193668,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,TheKeeblerElf,Perfect mix of Stronghold 2 and Stronghold Crusader with a little bit more as well !
76561198118743344,Not Recommended,232890,12225763,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Fuck you,Worest game i have ever played.. i bought for 35 euro .. its just a game for 1euro.  do you want advise..... DONT BUY IT!!!!!!
76561198064024491,Not Recommended,232890,12225975,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,darkjedi99,"A horrible waste of money. It has all of the bad elements of the previous stronghold failures and very little of the things you liked about the original Crusader. There is much that is missing , but I guess the lack of a usable UI is the worst part that you need to know before spending your money. You only have one look down view, you cannot spin the map and you can only zoom out a little while still giving you only a small view of whats going on. Its like looking thru a tube down onto your castle."
76561198258176569,Recommended,232890,18846599,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Supermegapix,really fun
76561197961034456,Not Recommended,232890,14978564,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,aKorn*,♥♥♥♥ this game waste of $
76561197984153126,Not Recommended,232890,15720561,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Anonymous Walrus,Rubbish.
76561198162847929,Not Recommended,232890,31921952,Posted: 23 May,all,Blizard,","
,Not Recommended,232890,22186297,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,SkillerPenguin | C. Lauret,cancerpls give us a modernized version of stronghold 1
76561198051371409,Not Recommended,232890,23409102,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Defend_Kebab,1/10
76561198029818396,Recommended,232890,14204883,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,GrenadesAndHamm,"Better than a slap in the face!Seriously, it's better than that."
76561198056671849,Not Recommended,232890,12205745,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Poynting vector,"This game is broken to the point that it can't be fixed. I've played one game so far with a friend and I just couldn't enjoy it, even though I tried so hard.First this that I noticed before even starting the game I couldn't find a control list, so no rebindable keys.Some of the units move like they're robots especially the rangers.The soundeffects are dull to say the least, a landing trebucet stone gives to sone of someone dropping a little rock from 1 meter high.The game prommises to be a fast paced game just like the original, but wth the over the top building costs and slow gathering of goods the game quickly grinds to a halt.A lack of different camara option like the top-down build view is irritating to say the least (They could have added it but in that case I couldn't find it because there is no list of controls anywhere).The original had more content in some area's like the possibilty to build gardens and maypoles or torture machinery.But it does have more units in comparison to the original. It's also quite nice the see that some units have a special ability, yet they prommise every unit has a special abbility and this maybe true, but I couldn't find it with the archers and swordman.And then there is the biggest flaw, the graphics.I plaued the game on the highest settings and still was disapionted, the game just doesn't look good, it look allright but not like a game from 2014 should look like.The game I played was on a mountainy map, on which they tried to make some dust being moved by the wind, this was the biggest fault the could have made, it looks terrible the glitches though everything and looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥There is practically no ballencing in the game, They said they wanted to spend extra time on that, but certain units are just flat out OP.I was really hyped to the point where I actually pre-purchad the special eddition, biggest mistake in my live, this game isn't finnished and should have never been released in this state.Try avouding this game until it gets a has been updated to a resenable standart.P.S.Sorry for my enlish, it's not may first language"
76561198008685125,Recommended,232890,12192772,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,dantielcoate,loving it so far thelast vertion was good hope this is a
76561198032184246,Not Recommended,232890,12205017,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Dr.Gurk,"Con*No moat*No Good Lord - Bad Lord troop system*Units no longer spawn at keep, they spawn at barracks/merc post/siege camp*Farms are fairly small, food production takes up less space, which makes easier planning*No rebindable keys*I'm not sure if there even are hotkeys*No ""Did you play Stronghold Crusader, here's what's new""*Less Structures than Crusader 1*Did I mention no moat?*Leather armour got removed (why?)Pro*Market has auto sell/buyWell, thanks for teaching me a lessonNever buy anything without review even if the predecessor was fing Stronghold Crusader"
,Not Recommended,232890,12223501,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Weber,This games combat system functions pooly with half the time you can move your soldiers . Ranged troops are nearly imposssible to function. For 50 I expected a AAA game not a half slapped together game with grapgics from a 2001 game. Its not horrible. But I would only pay 20 for it knowing what I know now. This is why people torrent before buying. So theyu dont so screwed out of there money. Wait for the price to come down but it is definitly worth looking into when it does.
,Not Recommended,232890,29241432,Posted: 13 January,all,☩ Zach ☩,ehh.. better then stronghold 3 atleast
,Not Recommended,232890,18871456,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,SADBOIS,plain bad
,Not Recommended,232890,17275643,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Sir Johnny Von Dickledick VII,"This game is a rip off, don't buy it please!"
76561198042270850,Not Recommended,232890,19895405,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Karlo,it gets boring fast
,Recommended,232890,25394336,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,DIDUN Gamingshop | Gudang Item.,300 % addicted
76561198031389146,Recommended,232890,12192625,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Violent,"It's here, it's here!  Fun fun!"
76561198035661514,Not Recommended,232890,12209721,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,slyshadow12,"As a longtime stronghold fan and of stronghold crusader in particular I would say don't buy this game. It's exactly, I mean EXACTLY, like the original. Its more or less a rebranding a new paint job, if you want to play Stronghold Crusader, play the original."
,Not Recommended,232890,12379548,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,BigBarazi,"Sadly, this game is so un-innovative and outdated that Crusader I plays much better. avoid this one."
76561198007522209,Not Recommended,232890,12223580,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,eluttre,A 2002 game. Shame on Steam for hawking this steaming pile.
,Recommended,232890,32037847,Posted: 29 May,all,HOUSE STARK,Write a review for Stronghold Crusader 2
,Recommended,232890,29278447,Posted: 15 January,all,Mr. Meeseeks csgobounty.com,"My friend told me to buy this game and I wasnt so good about it, but when I tryed playing it I was so happy and game is gr8"
,Not Recommended,232890,28617865,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Achillezzz,"This is kind of fun but tbh not even worth $5 for me. Building is fun but combat is a complete mess. Can't tell where soldiers are, they clump together, very difficult to click/coordinate. Can tell the developers didn't really care to spend time fixing combat. So uninstall."
76561197965253020,Not Recommended,232890,12229725,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,..,The UI of the game is highly inconvenient. The game is not balanced at all! The level of the graphics is incredibly poor. This game does not worth the money. Comparing to any Blizzard product this one is a pathetic attempt to make a good strategy game. I am really surprised that the developer even dare to charge so much for this kind of low quality product!
,Not Recommended,232890,12203716,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,aviviljoen,The gameplay is basically the same as Stronghold 3. The graphics are ugly - the worst of any of the Strongholds. What a disappointment. Get Crusader instead. It is miles better.
76561198104452502,Recommended,232890,14813156,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,ReignOfaNewKing,"♥♥♥♥♥poor game, doesnt feel anything like a modern RTS should. Everyone agrees its about having it out with armies and nothing to do with castle building"
76561197992636261,Not Recommended,232890,12201628,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Johnnyrambo11,Nothing will beat the original. Disappointed with this one.
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,232890,12208543,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,WHOOLEE,"It is ok but not great.Here is what i dont like:1 Pathetic tiny maps, and i mean tiny, they are really really small with no options to expand your city and grow the map is just way to small, this kills the game for me.2 The graphics are somewhat facebookm not very good. It reminds me of settlers6 graphics but on a smaller scale and alot less detail and animations.3 Buildings, not alot there i am afraid, they could have pulled half of them to sell as dlc im not sure but you can build it all in minutes."
,Recommended,232890,12256059,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Hensley💦,"When I was 10~ I used to play the first stronghold crusader. I enjoyed playing sandbox, map editor, as well as some easy peesy skirmishing. It was a very peaceful game where you could decorate the castle and have a wonderful time. I had multiple copies to play with my family and friends.This game is absolutely a worthy successor to the first.The feel, music, and sounds are all there, but with an impressive addition of far better graphics, new units, and different enemies to face. But to compare to the old one, the resource grabbing system, map editor, sandbox, and 8 player multiplayer features are still there, as well as new defense features. Multiplayer is solid, with the ability to save your game and continue later.Some detriments that I sort of feel dissapointed about are the ranged units ranges, they seem rather long for the map sizes to be so small in comparison. Granted, the map sizes is about the same as the first crusader, it's a big map, but for small maps ranged units could literally snipe resource points from your own base.The game was just released a few days ago, and there have been no crashes or game breaking glitches I have run into."
,Recommended,232890,25486614,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,LyonZuko,Character Islam 👍
76561198055076726,Not Recommended,232890,12204741,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Juggernauth,"This game is horrible.The ""economy"" is so simple it's pathetic: build something, then everything else is done automatically, you're done with it for the rest of the game.Combat is atrocious. Only thing you can do is right click: right click to move, right click to attack. Beyond a 5 minutes ""tutorial"", the game doesn't teach you how to play. There are no tooltips, no stats: how do I know (if I'm ignorant and/or new to medieval RTS) the difference between a pikeman and a swordsman ? I don't.Let's talk about the graphics now... Well, PC games had better graphics in 1998. And let's not talk about the UI. Or the intro cinematic. Remember Warcraft 2 intro cinematic ? You've got an idea of what I'm talking about.Oh and the maps... well, they look like a 10 years old kid made them in about 15 minutes each: most of them are squares within squares on a squared map. If you love symmetry, you'll love them. Nothing more to say, except it's pathetic.As if it wasn't enough, the game is also full of bugs. I only played a couple of hours and already found a few:- I once build a building on a place where cactii were growing. When you place the building, the cactii do not get razed, and they block the way, preventing my peasants to reach their working place.- Walls. This game is about building strongholds and castles right ? Better be careful then because if you make a mistake, good luck fixing it. About half the walls I placed couldn't be erased. You just can't target them...- Game was running somewhat smoothly (thank god, I got a beast computer) until I set some buildings on fire. It might be the cause, or it might be a coincidence, but the framerate dropped to about 2 fps from this point on. After about 5 minutes of this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I gave up.tl;dr : this game is so bad it made my wallet bleed. Oh wait it's already bleeding from the 35€ r@pe... Don't buy it."
,Recommended,232890,12190784,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Brandaan,From what I have played so far I can recommend this game to anyone :)
76561198037766542,Not Recommended,232890,12253728,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Mr.Mouse,"This game is nothing like the first one, all they had to do was port the old game and up the graphics and better AI and maybe add a few things but instead they just tried to milk more money from the stronghold 3 platform.if anything this should have been a 10 dollar expansion onto stronghold 3.Pretty much a waste of money and time,"
,Not Recommended,232890,12192112,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Javingr,"Abstract: Do not buy this game. Stronghold Crusader is still better at a cheaper price.Being a big fan of the original Stronghold and Stronghold Crusader, I was very much looking forward to a sequel to one of my favorite games. I was hoping for a more streamined game from it's predecessors (Stronghold Legends, II, and III) that would bring back the well-paced and simple fun of the original (not that silly extreme game). I will admit I did worry some when I noticed one of the devs had a Stronghold II (or III) box in his office, but my hopes for this game were high. My heightened hopes were a result of incresingly better games by Firefly being produced since the abysmal hole of  a game that Stronghold Legends was, a game so bad it melted out of computer and through my floor into the basement.Sadly,  for Stronghold Crusader II the developers seemed to have decided that realism was much more important than convenience, and have made a pretty, slow, and clunky tactical game. I decided to make an 8-way on the 'Insanity' map (a practice I commonly did in the original), but got so bored of the game that by the time you see I've played I honestly wished that I was playing the other Crusader instead.The graphics are nice (at least compared to, say, Stronghold Crusader I), that is, until my intersected walls have turned into a honeycomb of chest-high fortifications. However, the camera is worse than it was in Stronghold III, as it has a slight lag to it and it is still obnoxious to look around objects. What was so bad about the option to flatten tall objects in the original that they don't want to include it in later games? Again, it seems convenience was cut out for more of the realistic history lesson. Because an ugly Englishman punching a Sultan in the face could have actually happened.Perhaps the most annoying issue that occurred was about my farming operation. Back in Stronghold Crusader, and even in Stronghold III, I could use two wheat farms to support a rather decent population (as long as they had proper support from the local bakers and mill-children). Here, I kept running out of food because my three farms were insufficient for my 16 peasants. Turns out, my mill had no access to the stockpile, despite being purposefully built right next to it. In case you ask, no, I was indeed smart enough to leave access to the entrance to the mill, but the game hadn't realized the fact!I don't recall ever asking myself when playing Stronghold I: ""Gee, I wish I could have to align ever building properly before it could be used instead of just plonking it down and getting on with my life."" I suppose it does allow for creative detail, but it seems so useless in comparison when I could focus less on perfecting my building alignments and more on insuring my strong economy and bashing some knights in. I understand that when making a 3-d game, it is necessary to make exact entrances to your buildings, but perhaps you give single buildings a little breathing room or four-way accessibility instead? Still, it is easier than it was in Stronghold II, so this is just nitpicking.The focus on realistic castle-building causes the pace of the game to slow to a creep, the intermittent lag makes enjoying your work obnoxious, and even it's new and improved designs fall flat and are prone to bugging out. Now, I think I'm going to go play some of the original instead. Thank you Firefly Studios, for finally destroying any hope I had left of you producing anything better than your original works."
76561198060940494,Not Recommended,232890,19910735,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,LunarButter™,.....
76561198272076615,Not Recommended,232890,23061315,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Trashboat500,FARTS
,Not Recommended,232890,12191955,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,eisiger,"I had this awful realization as I got into Stronghold Crusader 2: I hated the desert.That's some seriously bad news for a game whose main feature is the fact that it's an RTS that plays out across entire deserts, on small ""Kingdom of Heavearn""-style maps where your stompy swordsmen, plodding archers, speedy horses, catapults, and even sling thrower units have scarcely vanished over one horizon before they come swarming over the other. ""How much,"" I asked, ""do I have to pay for a version with normal 2D maps?""But then you start zooming out, and begin to realize that while you're able to see more territory, the curvature of these tiny castles means that you can still only see a fraction of the playing surface before you have to spin the camera to another position over the desert. It's a fog-of-war you can never dispel; even when you have intel coverage of an entire desert, your situational awareness is severely reduced.Those big problems would be enough to make Stronghold Crusader 2 a flawed-but-fun experiment. What sinks it, tragically, is the lack of care and attention shown to the details and player aids. For starters, there’s little in-game help, and what's there is worse than nothing. I launched the tutorial to see what I was missing, and was treated to a low-res YouTube video that seemed more like a pitch for Stronghold Crusader 2 than a guide to playing it. Note to developers: Googling unofficial Stronghold Crusader 2 wikis to learn the basics of your game’s controls is not an appropriate substitute for a manual, and promo videos explaining the rudiments of RTS games are not substitutes for a tutorial.To Stronghold Crusader 2's credit, the ""picture-in-picture"" option makes it easier to juggle two things at once, and does a great job of giving multi-monitor advantages to single-monitor users. On the other hand, it's not as good as actual multi-monitor support, a feature that’s desperately needed but does not seem to be supported. In fact, I think my preferred setup for play would be one of those banks of security camera monitors - maybe then I could see all the angles I need to..Even more unforgivable is the lack of a save option, either in single-player skirmish or in multiplayer. (There’s no single-player campaign.) This is a big game and, like a lot of its predecessors, things can drag on for more than an hour as up to eight sides bash away at each other. Yet Stronghold Crusader 2 gives you no option to save your skirmish or multiplayer game to pick it up later. That's a shocking oversight, as is the fact that you must be online to play even a single-player skirmish.On the other hand, it's in keeping with a general ""half-baked"" quality that pervades Stronghold Crusader 2. There's no faction design, just different skins for the all-important Crusader units who lead identical armies of swordsmen and archers. Maybe faction design matters slightly less in this style of RTS, where mass production and weight of numbers carries the day over individual unit tactics, but the lack of variety is still disappointing.Even the good ideas end up going to waste. Stronghold Crusader 2 has a promising ""Crusade Trail"" mode in which you lead your faction from keep to keep, headhunting other crusaders, unlocking new siege equipments, and conquering territory. Trouble is, it's paper-thin and once again badly executed.The ""strategic"" layer is no such thing. Your choice of where to go and who to fight is entirely meaningless. It is effectively solitaire. Second, you only have access to a fraction of the siege equipment tree. You have to expand your options by exploring the galaxy as your conquer it, and choosing which siege equipments to keep and which to permanently discard.That's a nifty idea, except that it's so restrictive as to be annoying after a little while. For instance, in one mission I ended up stuck on two deserts, but I was siege equipment-locked out of the sling thrower combat units I needed to clear the space above my AI adversary's final stronghold. My unarmed transports were swarmed by his sling thrower interceptors every time, and I could never establish a foothold. So I had no choice but to build a barrage of 14 trebuchet cow launchers and just spam the desert until, by blind luck, I nailed his Crusader. It was a 100-minute match, and 40 minutes of that was just waiting for archers to finish. I guess I could have built giant siege engines to smash one siege tower into another, but only on certain maps that have mineable quarries – and that would’ve taken even longer. Besides, I don't think I had that siege equipment, either.Sadly, that was one of the better solo games in Crusade Trail. The AI doesn't seem to know what to make of the limited build options, and rarely put up a fight. Too often, I'd find the enemy Crusader just running around the wilderness, waiting to get mugged. In a skirmish, the AI held its own, but the Crusade Trail adversary seemed to have trouble building a factory. It's just no fun playing such an opponent, so what could have been a gentle, easy way to learn to play turns into a slog from one arabian keep to another.But the biggest problem with Stronghold Crusader 2 is that it's nowhere near as good as the games its consciously aping. Stronghold Crusader, made all the way back in 2002, is still better than this game. Either of the Extreme Crusader games (and especially Extreme Crusader: Forged Alliance) leaves Stronghold Crusader 2 in the dust, and they're a whole lot cheaper. There is simply no reason to play this game when those others are still better in every respect.In all, It's okay.8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,232890,28588920,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,[_]Kuuhaku,It's not worth it if you buy this game when there are no discount. This game just not good enough for me.
76561198039698078,Not Recommended,232890,12276756,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Keong,the game keep crashing!! 5 minutes a time
,Not Recommended,232890,28601412,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Black_Viper_032 Ne zovi na MM,"Pure crap,won't eaven start"
,Not Recommended,232890,28598256,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Vladimir Putin,Not recommend
76561198267545724,Not Recommended,232890,28583627,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,cat101002,this game gave me a virus
76561198068327848,Not Recommended,232890,12241799,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Wolf,"This is an ok game, not worth the $50 price tho, wait for the price to go down or get it on sale. Reason for that is the game has lots of inbalance issues with the economy, most troops are absolete from start as a crusader will kill an army of other units, game gets boring quick as you can build up everything within minutes and then just build up you strongest units and finish the game. This is a casual game when you just feel like building some medieval stuff and have a little war. AI is preset and has nothing to do what they actually build/own. Wait for the price to go down, I wish I did.Had to change it to not recommended."
,Recommended,232890,12234220,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Cringer,Stronghold Crusader 2 is a really good game! I like the gameplay and i love the new feature coop!The game have many good effects when you fight. I recommend the game!!! :)
76561197978823524,Not Recommended,232890,30513781,Posted: 14 March,all,Scraper,"It's a shame how the series really hasn't progressed. While the game isn't unplayable, it's just not as fun as the first Stronghold and it's annoying mechanics don't even compare well to Crusader I. I pine for the days when we get a current gen castle building game with a good economy and excellent combat."
76561198067207632,Not Recommended,232890,13398864,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Wuiter,You'll enjoy this game untill play on coop multiplayer.Você irá gostar deste jogo até jogar no multiplayer coop.
76561197998647683,Not Recommended,232890,20047215,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Fietsendief,"I realy liked Stronghold Legends, I don't know what the developers did with the last versions. Crusader 2 is fine, but could be so much better. Get rid of the bugs, AI a bit better, economic system a bit of a boost. Its still way better than Stronghold 3. Hopefully there will be more updates in the futere. I would only buy it on sale!"
76561198058637543,Not Recommended,232890,30662017,Posted: 21 March,all,PrissyEight,Not worth it compared to the originals.
76561197992451460,Recommended,232890,12243630,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,BruceForce,"Stronghold Crusader 2 is a pretty good game, but there is a few bugs. It also takes ages to build a army, because it dosent give too much gold, by selling stone and iron. But apart from that, you will almost only find positive things in Stronghold Crusader 2.I give it: 8/10"
76561198021656653,Not Recommended,232890,12341156,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,twobigthing,diappointment
76561198043317787,Recommended,232890,19227417,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,ChimaereJade,"My feelings about this game are very mixed. I started with the first stronghold a few years ago (maybe ten?) and loved the concept of building my own... stronghold! The economy part, the building and the fighting made a great balance in this game.Then in crusader we had just to fight in deserts... Understandable, but personal I prefer lush areas much more. Anyway - the gameplay evolved with merchenaries and this game feeled even more addictive. (I played over 100h in an non-steam-version.)Crusader 2 feels mixed to me, because of the lack of water ditches and tunnel diggers, the simplified gameplay for siegebuilders and just a few npcs before all of this overpriced ""a few missions more and 2 npcs"" DLCs.The good side is, that this game now runs very smooth on my system (lagged a lot at the beginning, even with an gtx 770), we have an multiplayer with building A.I back and some of the missions are really challenging.I would say - if you can get this game in sale, just try it. You will enjoy building nice castles, if you don't just rush, abuse the bad A.I (I just say single towers full of archers at key points) and use just a few units (horsearchers ftw!) instead of an interesting mix. :)"
,Recommended,232890,16609116,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sir Jonthen,"A much needed decent 'Stronghold' gameTo start off, I am a fan of the series. I played 'Stronghold' and 'Stronghold: Crusader' (and a bit of Stronghold 2) quite a few years ago and have rediscovered them again on Steam recently. While the two classics have been made compatible with newer hardware and are still fun to play (and are a no brainer if you find them on sale), you cant help but think they could do with a complete remake. I think this is the closest we will get for now...When I first saw this game, I practically ignored it. Having experienced 'Stronghold 2' and 'Stronghold Legends' in the past, I knew the series wasnt in the best place. I also read/watched reviews of 'Stronghold 3' when it came out and decided it wasnt worth getting. This game being in the Steam sale caught my interest, and I decided to research it a little. I then decided it looked alright and went ahead with the purchase. Having bought this and played several hours, I have already decided it was definatly worth it!The gameplay, unlike the other sequels, resembles the original two games, in my opinion. Although it may be basic in some areas, it is still enjoyable and i find is well balanced between the economy and combat aspects (you need to work efficiently on both to win). The graphics, while not too impressive by todays standards, look nice, and again, resemble the original 'Crusader' in some ways. The sound effects and voice acting can get a bit repetitive and annoying, but im sure these can be turned down/off in the options.Although the game comes with several Campaign trails, I only played a couple, and then went straight into custom games, so I can't comment on them. There are plenty of maps to choose from, depending on the amount of opponents. There also seem to be lots of community maps too (which is a strong point of the original 'Stronghold'). The AI can present a real challenge in certain games and situations, but also can be too easy at lower difficulties, but I guess you can tailor the game to how difficult you want it.Overall, I am enjoying this game from my first few hours, and it has restored a bit of confidence in the series for me. Hopefully, the amount of community maps will continue to grow, and I will continue to enjoy the game. Its not 100% perfect, but if you are a fan of the original two games, I would say this is at least worth looking in to."
76561197993787346,Recommended,232890,15557394,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Jay,"Great fun RTS just like the origional.Coop play is exactly what the frachise needed again. Stacked with great visuals this game is good fun. When you have completed playing the maps that come with the game, make your own."
76561198064843220,Recommended,232890,15942924,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,[Fenris]Grall Stonefist,"I like the game all in all.It can be a slow when you fight the harder carectars, but all in all i actually injoy the game.Get a strong iron production, and you have enough money for everything ;)"
76561198066922060,Recommended,232890,15943331,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Ryan,"It's a really fun game, pretty good when it comes to the action. It's weaker on the farmland than other Strongholds, but still one of the best ones that have come out, and I hope there are more!"
76561198104842977,Recommended,232890,16022719,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,QtrHero,"This is really an improvement to the first game, better graphics, more challenging levels and offers better multiplayer support. And contains more to it than just creating soldiers and moving them. It is also has a variety of new soldier types and tons of new features."
76561197997404589,Recommended,232890,16023624,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,P_E_T_Z_I,I bought it cause i used to like the original stronghold much more than anything that came with stronghold 2.It gave me the feeling of the original and i enjoyed it alot. Sadly hardware is push veryhigh wich makes multiplayer for most almost unplayabel. Especially if you are from an Esports community you wont get your skill inside the game as fast as you click. Most bugs have been fixed but i am sure they know the problems and hopefully fix all remaining. When i bought the game it was a 3/10 because it was still better than stronhold 3 but know its a 6.5/10 and without the lags and better unitcontroloptions like shift movement it would be an 10/10.
76561198099676779,Recommended,232890,13721052,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,G2A Hubbiy,good
,Recommended,232890,13723135,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Kefkm fya ?,this is a very good game and i loved the older Stronghold too
76561198140205083,Not Recommended,232890,15893317,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Smash VanderHuge,whatever they just updated makes me crash whenever i try to play a custom skirmish otherwise a fun and great game but unplayable as of right now
,Not Recommended,232890,15895119,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Yokai #KumoriCon,"5/10Still has too many remnants from SH2 and SH3...- Engines bad, not like SH2/SH3 bad- Still has estates- Graphics feel barely different from SH2/SH3- Gameplay doesnt feel like SHC1- DLC and the game doesn't feel like its ready for such+ Is trying to be SHC1+ Has a majority of the same units+ Has custom mapsCan't say Id recommend SHC2 ... Still SHC1/HD is really fun and hasnt aged too much."
76561198008618177,Recommended,232890,15944135,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Jacques,"The game has been out for some time now and has improved a lot since release. It lacks a lot of features of the first SHC but is still a fun game to play.The developers are still supporting the game, which is good.There are still issues with performance (lagging) and hopefully this will also be sorted out through continued support by the developers."
,Recommended,232890,15946742,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,KulKongen,"Game is overall great, i personally have had some trouble with multiplayer, but since i like singleplayer a lot more in general it isn't really a problem. The singleplayer is great, only thing i can find with the gameplay is that you need a extreme amount of wood to get anything done."
76561198027784269,Recommended,232890,15946849,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,josh27000,Good Game
76561198030494444,Recommended,232890,15946895,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,duckjam,"This game is not like the original. It is not a castle sim. It is quite a fun RTS though, and the AI is pretty good. There are also some good maps, and lots of maps can be played from the community."
76561198014750169,Recommended,232890,15946899,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,TooManyGuns,i LIKE THIS GAME VERY MUCH BUT I WOULD PREFER IT BE MORE LIKE STRONGHOLD 3 FOR THAT SEEMS TO BE LESS EXITING THAN 3 BECAUSE I LIKE THE GAMEPLAY CONTENT OF STRONGHOLD 3
,Recommended,232890,15946976,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Dr. Baron Randy,Feels like the old game while keeping the series fresh. One of the best Stronghold Franchise games for years.
,Recommended,232890,15957193,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Murzyn,Really good castle sim. One of the best ones I've played. Very simple and easy.
,Recommended,232890,15957544,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,[4ACE]GollumisGreat,This Is a GREAT Castle Sim! Many people don't like it but I don't see why. Would play more If I had the time. I have actualy played roughly 200 Hours despite what steam thinks.9/10
76561198019631360,Recommended,232890,15957820,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Cookie Crisp Cereal,I get a free dlc.
76561198022339005,Recommended,232890,15958388,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,That unnervingly happy turtle.,Despite not having played SC1 I feel that this game is a rather solid addition to the Stronghold franchise and works better than Stronghold 3 in several ways. It seems more like an addon for Stronghold 2 however as it uses nearly identical mechanics but I have quite a bit of fun playing it and can honestly say that it's one of the best stronghold  games around.
,Recommended,232890,15958402,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,TheFrostyBanana,"Game is as fun as the first, missing a few things that I would like but overall a very fun game!"
76561198013136786,Recommended,232890,15958796,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Cirque du Solaire,"This is a good game, and I really do enjoy playing it.  A lot of people will complain that this game isn't a true castle sim, and they'd be right on that account.  But, this game plays true to the roots of the original Stronghold Crusader, a fast paced strategy game where you conquer the desert sands for gain and glory!Pro's:- Direct upgrade from Stronghold Crusader in many ways- there is actually value to using food other than apples or bread, as was the norm in Crusader- keeping your peasants happy is more engaging than ""swamp them with bread and churches""- new troops add flexibility to gameplay- horse archers + shield wall is no longer an invincible combo- soundtrack is phenomenal- Ox carts can now transport both stone and metal- 3D environment is very niceCon's:- steep learning curve, even I struggled being a 12 year veteran to Crusader- the only weakness to Templar's is fire, they mow everything else down- siege weapons are now ridiculously expensive- AI is a bit unbalanced to make up for their bad tactics- not a true castle sim, more of a castle multiplayer/combat gameOverall, if you are an avid fan of the original Stronghold Crusader, this game is a very nice buy.  Otherwise, look at some videos, read some more reviews, and maybe get it on sale."
,Recommended,232890,22235153,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Valev,"Great game, amazing soundtrack. not as good as HD but its definetaly not deserving of a low recommendation. Totally Recommend for any fan of the series :^)))))"
76561198049745453,Not Recommended,232890,22282788,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Col_Caffran,"Stronghold the castle building sim series is once again let down by its creators. Stronghold legends, stronghold 3 and now stronghold crusader 2 these have all been a let-down. What amazes me the most is that this is worse than stronghold 3, at least stronghold 3 looked pretty good this is supposed to be in the same engine but manages to look worse. What annoys me the most though is that I’ve spotted three spelling/grammatical errors in as many hours of play, one was even voice acted.After closing the multiplayer support for stronghold 2 I thought we’d be provided with a decent game by firefly studios, I was mistaken. I had heard bad reviews but thought people were just whingeing about a buggy launch like total war games. Still I was cautious, I bought the game on sale for $15.00, and now I regret it.Does firefly studios even try anymore? I guess they’re making much more money out of Stronghold Kingdoms than these games. To be fair I honestly believe Stronghold Kingdoms is a better game than Stronghold legends, stronghold 3 or stronghold crusader 2."
,Recommended,232890,22298129,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Non-True Otaku,Can't see anything bad and worth in this game
76561198079143108,Recommended,232890,22653923,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,RuneBaNe,"If you are a true RTS fan, this game is for you. Great economy system too. Its a little bit tougher than some rts's but thats what makes it fun. If you like any of the age of empires game or the anno series, its like a combination of the 2. Greatest Medieval Rts there is so far."
76561198257379464,Recommended,232890,22292108,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,I-S-A-A-C,very fun game! one of my favorite stronghold games
,Not Recommended,232890,12750131,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,CaptDreyfuss,"This game sucks because it doesn't have a difficult setting.  Way to hard for a casual strategy player.  I play SC II all the time, this game is just stupid busy.  Seems like you're forced on the hard setting.  What a waste of money this was!"
,Recommended,232890,21283361,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,QcK. tATu ★,"Not really like the original crusader 1, maybe a remake after sh2, but i will give a +pro, multiplayer is nice maybe maximum players than 8 will be cool."
76561197983314804,Recommended,232890,23910731,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Soylent Greenskeeper,Fun but the game crashes just about any time you go to a menu screen - maybye it's a Win10 thing.
76561198026678063,Recommended,232890,23405684,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,۞Horsedick .mpeg۞,its a♥♥♥♥♥♥game but still fun for the stronghold fan ! dont pay more than 10$ for this crap lol
76561197994187633,Recommended,232890,23442167,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,LazarusNine,"Having only recently discovered the Stronghold series about three years ago, I feel like I am coming to the series as somewhat of a neophyte. Take that as you will. It's true - the games after Stronghold Crusader (now HD) are not very good. Stronghold and Stronghold Crusader are great games, if you can get past the somewhat annoying pathfinding. At times, enemy tactics get a little stale as well. These are problems with the originals, and they remain issues with Crusader II.With Stronghold Crusader II, the spirit of the first two games really shines through. The added benefit of full '3D' rendering is that it's a bit easier to find a pesky enemy who's slyly hacking away at some random bit of wall. It's also successfully merged the wonderful gameplay and customisability of the original games with its new perspectives. Yes, things are *different* at times. There are fewer units, buildings cannot be placed in the same fashion (i.e. a fletcher will not change its shape when butted up against a wall), and there are arguably fewer construction possibilities overall. However, this does not detract massively from the immense amount of fun the game provides.The game runs very well on a very modest set-up (this was less the case when it was first released). The Steam Workshop is a great place to find user-created maps, etc. On the whole, it's a really fun game - even better when playing with a friend. What I miss from the originals is the single-player economic campaigns. But, that's why I own the originals. Anyway, grab it on sale and enjoy!"
76561198061013746,Recommended,232890,23397983,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,hchrisb,"This is an excellent game to pass a little time but be careful as it is highly addictive and before you know it, hours have gone by. If you like medieval games you will love this."
76561198091817202,Not Recommended,232890,13056749,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Death,This game in my opinion is like the old one and it is soo classic not really funny compared to the modern game
76561198036790099,Not Recommended,232890,12201499,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,YuiYui,"they had all the time to fix bugs, but they only made some changes which didnt affect the gameplay at all. so i dont feel they are ever going to change it! To bad, the game wasnt cheap at all."
76561197966492061,Recommended,232890,13231486,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Caterpillar2000.tip,let me change my review I actually liked it not that much but decent enought to play after a while. i would give it a 7 or 8 out of 10
,Recommended,232890,12231835,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Alexis,"Stronghold Crusader 1 is a game that I spent hours on during my childhood. I'm glad that Stronghold Crusader didn't dissappoint me. Definitely harder to build up in SC1 but that's the fun part.However, there's one thing that bugs me. There is no choice to be a good or bad lord. I admit that it is unnecessary but that's one of the things that make Stronghold Crusader unique to me.Overall, this game is worth it. Definitely going to spend more time completing those skirmishes."
,Recommended,232890,12219771,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Hawkeye,"EDITTake everything you love out of every game in the series and you get this gem, It's been a long time since I bought a game and haven't felt like I wasted my money, worth every cent. 11/10As said in some reviews the siege warfare is still in its infancy the introduction of engineers, ladders, siege towers, battering rams etc. Would be a warm welcome.But having said that contray to what some people think, I like the idea of bringing out a game focusing on core aspects then bringing out all the other parts it leaves alot of room for feedback and updating."
,Not Recommended,232890,12233032,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,village_admin,"Very Disappointed.If you have played the original crusader or stronghold you will be disappointed in this version of the game. Like many of the other reviewers have already stated, the graphics feel less polished then before and alot of game features have been removed or dumb down. In my opinion, it does not feel like the original developers created a squeal and a better game. It feels like the original game was given to a new development team and they were told to port the game into a 3D engine. It feels like they just rushed it out half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to turn a buck."
76561198081788004,Recommended,232890,12233396,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Alvagor,"Stronghold Crusader 2 is a RTS game developed by Firefly Studios and released on the 23 September 2014.Merits:-Good strategy game-New 3D Graphics Engine, good graphic, accurate animations and effects-Good tutorial (including ""tutorial campaign"")-Decent descriptions about soldiers, buildings ecc.-Very nice as a coop game-Realistic sieges (gradual destruction of defence's walls, fires, defence's walls usable by soldiers, for example)-Decent system of economy/popularityDefects:-You can't choose the difficulty level of the AI (!)-There aren't number-based descriptions about, for example, the health or the attack strength of soldiers, or even the resistance of buildings, but only simple text descriptions about everything.-There aren't random generated maps, but only made maps done by developers, and they aren't so much, in my opinion.-Some maps have stone and iron deposits only in determined points of the map, where you CAN'T build your mine because  that deposit ""it's not in your territory""-Low amount of campaigns-Not really an exciting game if played in singleplayer (but for this there is the multiplayer)-This games is missing some stuff about the old Stronghold CrusaderConclusions: Even if this game has a lot of defects, it can give you a nice gaming experience because it's a very studied game with tactical parts and other things that make this a really nice strategy game, especially if played in multiplayer with other players.Vote: 8/10"
76561198020527368,Recommended,232890,15958923,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Breadmanben,I enjoy playing Stronghold Crusader 2.  It is a fun city builder/conquest game and the setting and time frame are different than many other entrants in this field.  The interface is easy to use and understand and the tutorials provide a fast entry into the game itself.One area of concern is how hard the GPU has to work to run this game.  I have a fast card (Nvida 660Ti) and while it isn't the top of the line it should be able to easily run this game.  Very quickly after starting the fan is working overtime to keep up.  Several games have slowed to a frame by frame pace and in a few cases it has resulted in the need to abandon the game.Game is fun.  Not at the top of the heap but worth it at a price of around $10-$20.  (I paid full price)
76561198026566199,Recommended,232890,15958987,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Solenya,"Fairly decent but pales in comparison  to the original.  Still plagued with some of the same issues as every other 3D stronghold such as the siege camps, extremely fragile walls that might as well be made of discount plywood they shatter so fast, and a couple other nitpicks. The worst of it is the still missing siege equipment like ladders and towers, Enemy AI building small tiny castles and being often way too spammy and no moats. Beyond that the game is still much better than either 2 or 3. Would be near perfect if the above issues were sorted out."
,Not Recommended,232890,15959047,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Robin o' the Wood,"While I love this game, and I do think it's playable for more than just the base campaigns, it is NOT worth $50. I was so excited, having grown up with the original. I pre-ordered my copy, and I am very satisfied with the game. However, this game just feels like they ruined the mechanics that made the original so enjoyable. After playing two hours, I went back and installed the original and logged 50+ on that instead. It is worth it if it's on sale, hopefully DLC will improve the game."
76561198021421001,Recommended,232890,15960885,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Trisceratops,"8/10, although it is a fun game the optimalization could have been a lot better the more buildings and units in game the lower the fps goes. (in some cases 2-3fps) other than that it is a game that thrives on nostalgia for me, and if you're not familiar with the stronghold titles it's still a nice castlebuilder."
76561197963715970,Recommended,232890,15961090,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Mike W,"Definatly like the new content, worth a try in my opinion."
,Recommended,232890,15961205,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Uldakh,Brings back all the old memories of stronghold crusader 1 with some new features i love it.
76561198037823002,Recommended,232890,15961206,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,DawnWarrior,It's the best Crusader game in the series. The visuals are impressive and the gameplay is excellent. I didn't encounter any bugs and the physics engine is amazing. The best thing for me is the sandbox option which allows me to learn how to build stuff and play the game without being attacked constantly.
76561198041529893,Recommended,232890,15961834,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Cooper Channel,"I really like it. It's almost show the mood of the original crusader.Graphics is good enough, missions are interesting, so it's a good game."
76561198017851427,Recommended,232890,15962521,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Big_Fat_Jay,Very nice castle strategy sim. A few bugs but nothing that ruins the experience.
76561197970562031,Recommended,232890,15963594,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,nickolous_iii,"A very good instalment the the Stonghold series. I wilsh the cut scense were as good as the original and the enimies are not as interesting to interact with outside of the battle field. The game lacks personality, but it is still very fun to play."
,Recommended,232890,15963874,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Zaphod 4th,Better then Stronghold 3 but not even close as good as the old Stronghold Crusader
,Not Recommended,232890,13481850,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ObsceneNameHere,"Compaired to it's preecessors this game, after about 12 years has missed the mark when it comes to that ol' Stronghold feel.-ProsIt's apart of the stronghold seriesSimilar controls making the learning curve minuscule-ConsSoundtrack is not as immersive as previous releasesMildly irritating bugs (i.e. Attemping to place a building next/below another requires reselecting and repeatitive clicking untill you find the ""sweetspot"")Storyline/Singleplayer is very dull and does not leave me feeling I am doing much different verse the last mission.Overall I cannot recommend this game to someone looking to drop into the stronghold series as this is a sad addition to the Stronghold family. I can on the other hand recommend this to a previous Stronghold series follower simply because, as previously stated, it is a stronghold game and still has a very distant feel to it."
,Not Recommended,232890,13486495,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Toast,"This game is half finished, I bought it on release, played it briefly and then deleted it. I cant even begin to list all the failings it has. This is not a successor to the original, this is a cash grab."
76561198005434128,Recommended,232890,13487585,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,LitanyofFury,"Decent game, no where near as captivating as the originals, and certainly not worth 60$, but it's a good pickup for 30 or less I'd say."
76561198073956130,Not Recommended,232890,13320670,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,EddieTheDe-Stroyer,I have to say if you are a stronghold fan then be prepared to be a little disappionted.  It seems that stronghold isnt getting any better. I have all the stronghold games and after stronghold 3 and now crusader it seems the makers are either getting lazy or atleast less enthusiastistic with the only intention of aiming towards sales... The game is missing many of the old triats of the older games especailly like me comparing it to stronghold 2. I loved the feeling of a castle building simulation with many opportunities of creating an epic castle and having to rule over your peasents with discipline such as torture equipment or the joy of entertainment. I like to comment aswel the lack of defence tools that i really admired  . TOTALY awesome in stronghold 2 and even stronghold 3 had.  In my opinion  it isnt a bad game but deosnt live up to its full potential and i wouldnt consider it worth the money unless it was much more cheaper
,Not Recommended,232890,13336212,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Peanut,"It does look good from the graphics side but overall I would rather of paid for a redesign or patch of the predecessor SC1 with less bugs and bigger maps (e.g. 1600*1600) and more things to build (units, towers, fortifications and buildings). I did not think the graphics were evan that bad.I used to play stronghold crusader alot but with the later games (Stronghold 2, Stronghold Legends and Stronghold 3) I just dont feel like i am play the same game. I have bought every game so far and will no longer be buying anymore due to this.Just feels like you have rushed it and not listened to what people really want... :(p.s why is there no more Seige Towers?"
76561198007857412,Not Recommended,232890,13337257,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Recon,"Many video issues, runs slow.  I have 8 core cpu and AMD 7970 graphics and it runs very poorly. My systems runs BF4 on ultra perfect, but this game full of bugs, and steam will not refund. DO NOT BUY!!"
,Recommended,232890,12235733,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,~ English ~,"This is now my second review. After what I have experienced now I will definately recommend this game. I have made some great maps and on the map editor which you can find at: Libary / tools / stronghold crusader 2 map editorVery good game but there could be improvements. A few bugs need to be fixed and things like laddermen, tunnels etc. could be included. Also I would like it if there were seige equipment that allowed you to transport troops across water, as in the crusades alot of troops were beached by small boats.Would also like it so there is a setting to allow/disallow certain buildings and troops. (there is already this setting in  map editor but it would be nice if it were used in a lobby where the host could make it so certain buildings can/cannot be built etc.Other than that. A great game. Amazing work. I would say this is value for money.Money well spent for me."
76561198042361144,Recommended,232890,12261538,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,NaCl,"Great game, I went into this expecting to be able to build a castle and defend it, got exactly that... I find the multiplayer a little... Dry, You can seem your oppenent the entire time, and normally they rush you before you have a good castle, or you put on a peace timer and no one can attack.Still love it tho! I normally just play against the insane computers with buddies, good coop"
,Recommended,232890,12215018,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,informalpotato,Finally a 3D Stronghold game that meets the experience I had with the first. It’s not over complicated like Stronghold 2 and castle building feels soo right. The destruction of walls from siege equipment is great and although the graphics aren’t anything special it’s perfect. If you like RTS and medieval destruction this game (once you learn how to play it) is amazing.
76561198032185103,Recommended,232890,12215610,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,furyh,"First of all, even after playing the new Stronghold Crusader 2 just for an hour I have to say to ""old"" SC feeling is back. Nevertheless I agree also with some reviews stating a little buggy path-finding and the not totally up to date graphics. But as always there are pro and cons and this game is definitely a lot better than S3. So all in all I recommend it.The developers already send through a Hot Fix, so there is hope for the players who still have major issues - had none so far.... lucky me it seems :)I know this review is not as detailed as some others but it's just an opinion and I personally think that they are on the right track - but still the game might need some tweaks here and there."
,Recommended,232890,12218768,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,julz,"Good game, many improvements on the rest of the series.. If you where a fan you would love this."
,Recommended,232890,12221790,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,HeroOfTime,Reminds me of good times. Firefly really brought back what i love in RTS games. :)
76561197999040876,Recommended,232890,12516987,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Necrosyther,"A spot on follow up to the first Stronghold Crusader, As a big fan of Stronghold Crusader I tried the other Stronghold games but none could quite capture the feel of Crusader or give the same replayability. Having played Stronghold Crusader 2 now I have that feeling again, after only a few missions I know this game has captured the essence of the first Stronghold Crusader, and done it so well.TL;DR if you like Stronghold Crusader, buy this."
76561198078784681,Recommended,232890,12237413,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Sknoot,"I have never played the original, i have however played this game and thats what really matters because this review isnt about the 'original'. I would rate it 9/10. Very fun, good graphics, fast game pace. Great game! i would reccomend for people who care about gameplay and not the 'original'."
76561198058163643,Not Recommended,232890,12239616,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,sbijarro,verry verry dissapointed adds said more ways to defend and seige i see less no seige towers like 2 traps no moats wtf looking for a good castle seige dont buy this one the first is better 1 day im pretty much done with this peice of crap i would rather play crusader 1 seiging castles isnt fun without seige towers this game is dumbed down way too  much  i expected alot more war wolf is cool but we already have catapults and trebuches what the hell we need another stone launcher for
76561198121950871,Not Recommended,232890,12233979,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,dannyboy1612,Not Worth it. Waste of money.
76561198057713314,Not Recommended,232890,12234060,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,RED_ARMY,what a mistake i brought this game it was losing so many think from the original game and also more lagy than before i play battlefied 4 in my laptop without a problem with standard grafic but when i play this game it was so lagy even i turn it low quality what a improvement u guys did is almost nothing..
76561198134894005,Recommended,232890,12234726,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Erik,This is amazing!! Awesome game I play it every time when I'm back from school. Amaazing. 5 stars! ;D
76561197967466765,Not Recommended,232890,12234763,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Håkon,"Biggest dissapointment of the decade. You can tell in 5 seconds after just seeing the menus, and the gameplay reflect that awfull feeling of 1998.This thing looks like its made by ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ monkeys trained by the people who made the original, wich was awesome."
76561198120536802,Recommended,232890,13406232,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,SystemError-4617,the game is fun but after awhile it wont launch like literaly wont and then you have to close your steam with taskmanager becasue steam still thinks its open the game is really fun but they need to fix the launcher.
76561198014031795,Recommended,232890,13570366,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,O4Tz,"Awesome Game, Few changes from the original however nothing major, Basically they have kept the feel identical to the original which is great in this case, $50 is a little steep however if you enjoy the gameplay its worth every cent."
,Recommended,232890,15991387,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Undeadslayer360,"After hearing painful reviews of Stronghold 3 I decided against purchasing it...I then saw this game on the Steam Homepage and got overly excited. As a kid I played many RTS games and there have not been very many that seem to grab my attention now.After playing the game it met every expectation I had. I wanted something more in-depth with castle building and walls. For the fact that you can actually place troops on top the your walls was amazing, as most of the games I had played just used walls as... well walls. The game also takes a fair amount of time to win each battle, there are times where you can rush in and destroy their base in a matter of seconds but I enjoy the difficulty in destroying others.If you are looking for an in-depth Castle Building RTS this is the game for you!The only downside like every other game is DLC that is 1) over priced 2) should of been included in the base game. I will still buy it because it expands my gaming experience with-in the game, but it would be nice to get some free DLC here and there."
76561197998609304,Recommended,232890,15992180,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Willows Landrunner,Accurately re-creates Stronghold Crusader (IMHO) whilst adding a few new things. Another plus is that it's better than Stronghold 3.
76561198061548535,Recommended,232890,15992400,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,PeterTheCat,"Really enjoyed playing most of the scenarios, tho have to admit some are very tough and can be frustrating. Seems impossible at first but restarting and making small changes in positioning can really pay off. some of the building tools are a bit tough to work at first but u get familiar quickly.. overall lots of fun and each set up doesnt take forever to play"
76561198055661222,Recommended,232890,13348496,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Tetters,"I waited for this game with great anticipation, buying it the day it was released. I have to admit, I am happy and disappointed with the game, happy in that there is a Stronghold Crusader 2 and disappointed that i was expecting so much more from the previous incarnation. Dont get me wrong, the devs have done some interesting things here, but all the fun of the original is not here for me.The basics of the game are similar, but the graphics seem to have taken a step backwards, along  with some of the flexibility of the original (making walls disappear so you could see behind them etc). At launch things were very stuttery and it took two patches to make it playable. Now, a few months into launch, it is fun, but it really feels like they havent taken a step forward from the old game.I am enjoying it, but only as much as Crusader  1 .... with a few more fustrations.I am recommending this game, but with caveats .... dont expect a jump forward from the old game and dont expect the graphics to match todays expectations."
76561197987674677,Recommended,232890,15993781,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,redblade1530,"Very awesome game in spite of what the haters say. Could use a bit more story line and I feel like the taunts from the old games were better but this game, when compared to the bad examples that were made after Crusader, brings back a good challenge for those who have the savvy to play strategy.I really cannot account for the haters unless they actually are players raging because they cannot understand how to play."
76561197992774388,Recommended,232890,15994675,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,VlaDavid,It does keep that old feel. But you need a lot of practice.
,Recommended,232890,15997242,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Loreinthis,A game well worth to succeed Stronghold Crusader 1.+ Enjoyable- Too Small mapsI give the verdict 9/10. Barely.
,Recommended,232890,15997891,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Indago,"First off, played many more hours than posted. For some reason they weren't recorded. To the review...After loving stronghold crusader and stronghold crusader extreme I was extremely excited to pick this game up. However this game didn't completely meet expectations. If you are a past stronghold crusader player (as I am), this game feels more like an expansion than a completely new game. That being said, it was more maps with new enemies and a few new units so I'm quite happy I bought it.If you are a new player, I would recommend this game if it comes on sale, else just pick up a copy of stronghold crusader!"
,Recommended,232890,16011430,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Mx.Skylinez,Its good for killing time
76561198082621962,Recommended,232890,15968723,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,kylamaya,"I would Say Yes and No,This game however fun can at times be rather rough around the edges. there isn't any of the fun aspects like trade that you got in its previous installments but you do still get the sense of joy when you smash the walls of a enemy or watch in dismay as your castle is leveled to a pile of stones."
76561198061014282,Recommended,232890,15968804,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Sir Zalekarth,"I firmly believe that this game is decent.  It's better than the first game in certain ways... and worse than it in other ways.  Everything feels more polished, nice, and generally just more smooth, but there are things that are missing.  Kind of like the Civ games, I believe after a few DLC this game will be fine.  Right now it's just missing some stuff that I believe were vital to the original game, such as the fear factor system.  Just not enough content in the game to justify the price of it, but like I already said I believe that after a few DLC it should feel full again.  Now do I recommend it?  Yes and no.  Depends on how much money you can throw around, and how much you like these types of games.  If you're really into castle building, and strategy, then yes.  If not and you just want to try something out, get the first crusader.  That's all that there really is to say about it."
76561198063936422,Recommended,232890,15969241,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,jrobert7993,Stronghold 2 is a very good game. I like this type of game and have found it to be addictive. It follows the Stronghold Crusader gave but has updated graphics and a good number of additional missions
,Recommended,232890,15969344,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,SliceOfPi,"7/10I have been a fan of the Stronghold series for a number of years now and have put countless hours into each game. Crusader 2, in my opinion, is a good step forward and remains true to the spirit of the epic games before it. There are differences between this and the original; however, to me it is just as enjoyable (now if only I had a pc that could run it on higher than low graphics).Some points of the game:-It can be difficult to grasp for someone who isn't already familiar with the series.-The new animations are great!-It is much more difficult to keep your peasants happy than in the previous crusader. This might make it more difficult, though it also adds a new, realistic element to siege warfare in the game since it allows you to ""starve"" your opponent, so to speak.-The newly added troop and building limit is disappointing to someone like me who enjoys building up a gigantic army and then wiping out the rest of the players who cannot resist my shear numbers. Although, if you play with a more active, offensive style, you are unlikely to reach it in an average game.-The price is way too high at the time of this review. I would say it's worth $30, but not $50 like it is priced now. Wait until it's on sale."
76561198037850821,Recommended,232890,15969938,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,styketor,After the♥♥♥♥♥♥up with stronghold 3 firefly have fixed the everything that made it stronghold not just taking it back but making them better the graphics are great no longer having to struggle to see the enemy or mistaking them for cloud shadows but still its a great game.this game isn't just for the fans who have played the preivious 6 easy enough for all to learn and attempt to master
76561198004019681,Recommended,232890,15970227,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Grim,I'm really enjoying this game.
,Not Recommended,232890,22169550,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Jackrabbitofdoom,"It's alright, but the AI cheats like hell."
76561198163752857,Recommended,232890,24611217,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,famine21,absolutely llove this game grow playing the crusader games and they never fail to be amazing
76561198097705451,Recommended,232890,24562132,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,HandofGod,get this
,Recommended,232890,30877595,Posted: 1 April,all,victor breil,"One of the best strategy games of all time, a classic.The only thing is, it would be nice if they'd make more improvoments between SC1 and SC2."
76561198058458044,Not Recommended,232890,26431862,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,MarcusMaximus,"Very cheap looking, very sloppy.From economy considerations, trough unbalanced units and buggy unit handling in general, to just the fact that graphically there are very few differences between buildings, this game needs a lot of work."
76561198024362390,Recommended,232890,25914732,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,My nam Jef,"Decent game, but nothing near as good as Stronghold Crusader. Every mission is basically the same: turtule against an enemy that usually starts with 5x as many resources as you do while having iron and stone available while you dont, and hope you manage to do that for 1 to 2 hours. Then build like 50 knights and kill the enemy in one turn. Every. Mission. Is. The. Same. Really disappointed in the singleplayer. Multiplayer is decent tho, mercenaries feel a lot more usefull than in Crusader 1.The game really makes me want to paly more, but once i play and realize that afer playing for 120 minutes on a mission that's completely unfair, then proceding to the next mission just to play the same szenario on another map, i stop. For a month. Still recommended due to the multiplayer tho."
,Not Recommended,232890,26906041,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MadeOfGold,WoW this is such a shame of this game and there was i when it was lauched i wanted to buy it full priced glad i waited...  i thought that the other negative reviews were mostly trolls and 1 or 2 true dont matter that much but this just seems like throwing your money down the drain. Just don't buy it controls seem pretty bad compared to Stronghold Crusader (1) and the new units just made me say ♥♥♥♥ this!  Really don't buy it. Mario is even a better buy than this.
76561197974279818,Recommended,232890,26747929,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,*StarKidd*,If you liked the classic then you gotta love this.
,Recommended,232890,30940436,Posted: 4 April,all,Exciso,Despite the bad review I found this game very nostalgic to my childhood and I'm having a blast so far
76561198020483817,Recommended,232890,24019442,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ShaqAttack,Forts win wars Squidward.
76561198009721287,Not Recommended,232890,13486148,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Rain Zarvan,This game seems like it is 20 years old
76561198005357441,Recommended,232890,24004106,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SinRopa,"Overall I liked the concept. I haven't explored everything it has to offer, but enough to not seek a refund.I mostly wanted to put it out there that they wide spread crashing reports in these review is not the case in Windows 7 64 bit. If you are not using Windows 10, then you will have to ignore those claims."
76561198057233490,Recommended,232890,15877208,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Random American Gamer,"Stronghold is one of the best strategy games that I have played. As owner of the whole collection I would have to say this one is the best. It takes the game dynamics of stronghold crusader, then adds the realism from stronghold three. Now stronghold games just a few years ago came out with stronghold 3 which was terrible!!!! But I think stronghold has redeemed itself. A must buy for previous fans and new comers too!Give more great games like this Firefly ;)"
,Recommended,232890,13306625,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Royal Redcoat,"Stronghold Crusader 2, All i can say is meh can i have my money back? It looked awesome to me, then i got it full price and damm it's boring, slow, repetitive and just plain out annoying. Games consist of spamming troops, looping, waiting and yelling. It's not enjoyable and a waste of money.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------After updates, spare time and pack of strawberry bon bons i can now say this isn't as bad as i first said, i can still say it is lacking something that i can't put my finger on. However i love this game i'd recommend it; but at a lower price. If this game's on offer, buy it. (Don't bother with DLC... Waste of moneh) c:"
76561198047229168,Recommended,232890,16037895,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,pltdev,"I like the game,once you get used the differences in the game mechanics. Will get back to it once the snow flies again"
76561198048982751,Recommended,232890,16663895,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,jimmyfromwhitwick,"Stronghold Crusader 2 may not be as good as the original, it is however a very nice alternative. The £29.99 asking price is a bit steep, but it's definitely worth picking up for £20 or less. And let’s face it, if you want a modern castle sim this is pretty much your only option, fortunately it's quite a good one."
,Not Recommended,232890,12210078,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Steve Harvey Oswald,AI spams archers and builds ♥♥♥♥♥♥ small castle that barely take any effort to take down. 4/10
76561198010049903,Not Recommended,232890,13300727,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,pinzel51,This game crashes all the time. I bought 8 gig of ram to play it and it still managed to be slow. my Pc specs are better than what is being asked and it doesnèt work ... waste of money .. they killed the franchise.
76561197972206816,Recommended,232890,13302242,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,The Butcher,I have really enjoyed this game it is even better than the original!! There are a few bugs still to be ironed out but otherwise very good. the only things I don't like is the castle walls as with all these games are too weak and the AI is a bit simplistic. The new unit types are a welcome addition.
,Not Recommended,232890,13348925,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,I didn't choose the LowPrio life,"Immense performance issues while playing with 4 people/bots or more.Sitting with a GTX 970 Graphics card and i7 2600K Processor and gets 5-10fps on medium graphics.No trouble running games like Far Cry 4 on Very High, but this game is chopping like hell.Boring that everyone has the same units, no variation at all between different factions. Just slightly different walls.Bots are also pretty stupid, never mass armies, but send small clusters of troops at a time which are very easy to kill.No difficulty setting, so winning a game vs bots is never a problem, and If you with to play with other players you are in for a lagfest.This game could have been great, but it is an unfinished game, that should have been in development for at least another year."
76561197972520879,Not Recommended,232890,13338806,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Hanz,"After first 3 hours, the shape of my keyboard was imprinted onto my left cheek.Recommend strategical pillow placement to avoid future encounter.HIghly recommend for RTS players with sleeping issues."
76561198127418789,Recommended,232890,13558393,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,armordonio,The game got updated a lot and the developers listen to their community! At launch i couldnt recommend it but now you have so much more and more is even to come:) thank you devs and i say: buy it and if you arent happy with the game tell me.
76561198039158195,Recommended,232890,13354000,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Dimitri_69,"Loved the original Crusader and was hoping for something along the same lines with a few improvements. While this game is very much the same as the old one, there are a few upgrades. This game is a resource hog however and if you do not have a decent video card, you will have some troubles. I am really hoping they clean this game up a little bit in a future update."
,Not Recommended,232890,12717328,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Nilz99,"well you guys ♥♥♥♥ed up the game was better at release than it is now. i used to be able to run it fine with no lagg now i cant even play it. i wanted this game to be good but its simply not. i loved the first one and when i thought about that one but with better destruction and better everything it sounded great, and it was for the first few days or so i logged like 20 hours. it was fun and as far as i could tell there was only one bug where the wells in the enemy casles floated in the air.Then, they did the hotkeys fix and change how you rotate the camera from ""q"" and ""e"" to something that worked way worse (i think it was mouse button 3 or alt) and i stopped playing it. then i found out that you can change the controls so i tried to change them and it was bugged or somthing. i literally tried everything to change the controls even re-installing. so then i stopped playing again.now i've come back to it because i saw another update was released ( i was hoping that they fixed that bug). Guess what i cant evern run it now(and i still cant change the controls). when i tried to play i was getting idk mabye 10 fps (estimate).so that is why i am un-recommending this game if they actually make it playable i will definitly play it and change this review."
,Recommended,232890,15825281,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,[LQM]After_thoughts,Reminds me of growing up all over again in games!
76561198088211783,Recommended,232890,15826008,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Xero,original isis simulator
76561198078298053,Recommended,232890,13987522,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,MojsterMarkuc,8/10 Pretty GoodGame is solid and fun to play. You just have to get used to it. I like the fact that units have special ability.
76561198156819096,Recommended,232890,13968568,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Korra,good games pc :D
,Recommended,232890,13638227,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Bizofant,is a good ans tactoc game :)
76561197977103369,Recommended,232890,15534601,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,sykoste,"It is the right direction for the series at last - in that it harks back to the original first series games of 12 years ago. The 3D engine is good and solid and it is well balanced, no more silly units like Ice Giants.It still has it's flaws:- estates. I want to build castles anywhere I conquer. What is the point of estates? It just really turns it into capture the flag and a limited base building area.- wall attack is still hard. Bring back the seige towers!- engineers. They used to be a resource, now they come with the units which are too cheap.and it's positives:- its solid. you feel like defending a castle, and walls are a welcome defence in any strategy game.- it's fun. Even the character animations have humour applied and you feel a sense of enjoyment in creation and defense of your creation.- it's hard. The campaign gets gradually harder making you come back for one last go, go on just another attempt.- a thing of beauty. The graphics are 3d but have that old-school charm of the original.Final view?Good solid move in the right direction, could do with a bit more tweaking. Worth the money, providing you spend time with it. 8/10"
76561198025536788,Recommended,232890,16029733,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,The Black Rabbit of Inlé,"I enjoy this game, although I found myself going back to the first one.The new walls are great, real easy and quick to construct some impressive looking castles.The physics are a brilliant touch, watching troops impaled by balistae flung off of walls is great, equally so when the bodies slide down stairs to create a little pile of death.But I miss the peasant's voices from SH:C1, I miss the little descriptions on what they're doing, I especially miss siege towers, moats and tunnels.A solid 6/10.Adding moats (Even dry ones), tunneling and perhaps a new tower or wall upgrade would increase the score."
76561198007187628,Recommended,232890,16014640,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,playmadeup,Good game if you are a fan of the original. The only downside for me was the poor performance when attacking with a larger army (100+units).
76561197994290395,Recommended,232890,16016435,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,jballar,"With a lot of negative reviews out there, I wanted put in my 2 cents.  Now is Stronghold Crusader 2 a perfect game, NO.  Is it better than Stronghold 3, YES.  Before Crusader 2 came out Firefly talked about previously being limited because they were not totally in control of the end product (creative control of the game).  They said that they have full control now, and would make great strides to win back the confidence of the gamers.I per-ordered the game and played it on day one.  The quick skirmish RTS game in not my favorite, but I enjoyed it none the less.  Firefly stated before the game came out that it would focus on the quick skirmish rather than the more complicated building of an economy and castle.  So in this instance, they succeeded.  They also said that they would get feedback from the community and make adjustments.  Also, in my opinion, they succeeded.I put about 30 hours into the game before I moved on to something else.  I get a little ADD with games, plus I wanted a little time to pass before playing it again to see what, if anything, has changed.  I have been impressed with the amount of response from Firefly and will look forward to their next installment"
76561198308237922,Recommended,232890,31012508,Posted: 8 April,all,DommeJuice,why cant use the boats :?
76561198011052007,Not Recommended,232890,29471009,Posted: 24 January,all,Dr.Whetfaartz,"A big disappointment ...I'm a great fan of the stronghold games even stronghold III but this is just sad.. i installed the game with great expectations and uninstalled it 2 hours later so i could play the real awesome stronghold crusader I..The graphics from stronghold crusader II are ok i guess and the multiplayer also but the gameplay is terrible and bugy.My advise... If you really want to buy it, buy it on sale because it's not worth it."
,Recommended,232890,29575380,Posted: 29 January,all,EZI978,fun with friends but if you vs someone online they are most likely and expert and you will lose
76561198040360903,Not Recommended,232890,24622616,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Jensen,"Looks ♥♥♥♥♥♥ for the first time.AI is cheating, silly defense system etc...Just bought it from sale... the first was the best, it is a ..."
76561198067745904,Not Recommended,232890,29389609,Posted: 20 January,all,maclean066,"Loved Stronghold Crusader and the extreme versions, but this is terrible in comparison. It's like the developers threw new units at the game and destroyed the animation."
76561198211420356,Not Recommended,232890,29516294,Posted: 26 January,all,johnathonmcnew,Im sorry to say that this game is trash. I love Stronhold Crusader. But the second one sucks. I put a bunch of archer in a tower and they dont do much damage. I put 150 archers in a tower cant take down that many guys. It makes no sense.They need to work on the mechanics of this so it is fun. It pisses me off. I put a bunch of hours in before writing this. The skirmish trails are so unfair. ):0(
76561198127626592,Recommended,232890,28707384,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,MrAntiFun,Awesome as all the other were. fun gameplay. missing a good single player tho
76561198032016934,Recommended,232890,28698506,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Jonny,"The only thing missing in this game is the punishments for theives. god I miss the screaming.. oh and voices for the peasents would be nice to have back. all in all this game is great. not "" as "" good as stronghold 2 only cause it misses these 2 things I think where awesome lol."
,Recommended,232890,28728660,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Barl Branz,"10/10 Would let ""The Caliph"" call me an infidel again"
,Recommended,232890,28722643,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ax^{2}+bx+c=0™,Used Templar Knights Against Hundreds Of Slaves To Win The Battle10/5 Templars imba-Relaxing Base/War gameplay-Food stocks are dwindling my liege-crazy arabic language-Templars expensive but just use 100 of them to win
76561197961727962,Not Recommended,232890,28725876,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,tnizzle,"Would I buy this game again? NoDo I feel I got my money from the game? No, thankfully it was on sale. Full price would have given me significant buyers remorse.Quite simply the computer AI is a lazy design. They have no economy limits which allows them to freely build as many troops as they desire. It is not uncommon to see them produce 2000 gold worth of troops with a barely exsistant economy.Games against the computer last a tedious amount of time and eliminates all early game strategies. If the developers fixed the computer ai to be a bit more realistic it would be termendously more enjoyable. Currently the game play against ai is predicable, poorly scaled, and quite simply boring after the first few matches."
76561198088931562,Recommended,232890,28946575,Posted: 2 January,all,MarkoPolo1991,Bravo! I've been an avid fan since 2003. Crusader 2 has met MANY of my expectations. I've purchased all DLC's and continue to be an addict. Very impressed after SH3. Keep up the great work guys!
76561198127383449,Recommended,232890,28940186,Posted: 2 January,all,Bogatir,"Great game to spend some free time. Played original one back in 2002 loved, so got the new version of the stronghold cruisader 2 and loved even more as controls are imporved. The only thing I miss is the amount of game play you can do in here. Original game had 50 games (If Iremember right) in the skimrish trail. This one requires DLC if you want to extend game play. That will costs you some money. Multiplayer option is probably compensating the single player option if you finish game too fast."
76561198158408681,Not Recommended,232890,22351601,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Twitch,Games♥♥♥♥♥♥ They should of stuck with the simple yet smooth game play of the old strongholds. Instead they tried to hard on making everything look better and just broke it. Way to break a good game A**holes.
76561198297181648,Recommended,232890,28707526,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,[GTR]Tomás,This game is great well worth the price but i dont think it can beat stronghold 2 and dont by stronghold 3 its useless
76561198201657782,Not Recommended,232890,28739755,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Cherry,"Terrible game, basically a final project for a cs major finishing his 4th year at uni. The game is slower easier and uglier than the original game. The sounds and mechanics are all copy pasted. The only nice addition is easier managing of the camera. But even that is messed up as the game is viewed from an annoyingly vertical angle. Uninstalling and will never touch again."
76561198277154254,Recommended,232890,28866507,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,x_Fire,gg
,Recommended,232890,28905493,Posted: 1 January,all,Makso,My favorite RTS game ! STRONGHOLD <3
76561198051249829,Recommended,232890,28904504,Posted: 1 January,all,LessTenaciousD,"This is the first SH Crusader game I've played, I can't tell you how much better or worse it is than the others, but as it stands it is pretty good. The only complaint I have is the AI in the skirmishes starts with a full fort while you start with just a keep, and because of this they blitz you almost non stop until you drive them back. It definitely keeps you on your toes, and the game is very fast paced. I have to recommend this game because it's much better than the ""mixed"" review it currently has. It doesn't hurt that I got it on sale for $5 either."
,Recommended,232890,28898186,Posted: 1 January,all,Athardien Sunbringer,4/5 for Graphic4/5 for Gameplay4/5 for Unitsso far so good
76561198080870674,Recommended,232890,28913486,Posted: 1 January,all,Hu3Soul,best castle simulator !!
76561198119967921,Recommended,232890,28701916,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MoxPro,"i have been playing stronghold series for a long time and i have to say CRUSADER 2 is a great game! firefly studios have done a great job . Graphics are great. Nice soundtrack and stuff , i would recommend anyone who is a fan of this series :)"
76561197977817991,Recommended,232890,28695583,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,"fishsaus, the 9th planet",This game plays a little bit slower than most modern RTS games but if you don't mind that I think that it's a really good game. I'd also like to say that for the current christmas sale this game is a steal at 5 dollars. 1 dollar more includes the classic game remastered in HD too
76561198008890471,Recommended,232890,28828059,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,deanmegaaron25,"For the price i paid in the sale, im really impressed. No bugs, smooth gameplay and its pretty dam good well worth a £10 never mind the £3 it cost me."
76561198038537730,Recommended,232890,28810472,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Patrik,Perhaps not as good as the others? I dont remember was 10 years since I played one.It is really challangeing and hard. But still a funny game I think.But got it at a sale for 5usd well worth it!
76561197999921183,Not Recommended,232890,28747723,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Somebody Else,"This game is a disappointment and not worth the sale price of $5, let alone $50. Graphically, it's essentially the same as its precursor, despite this being released 12 years later. Nothing substantial has been added. Gameplay mechanics have been removed (eg. fear factor). They even managed to take the humor out of the Rat.Any other Stronghold game would a better choice than this."
,Recommended,232890,29725273,Posted: 5 February,all,DaDoBaag,good remake with decent graphics imo. great to play with friends. still some bugs from the old games weren't fixed like troups getting stuck with no reason or sudden lags when many entities are on the screen.
76561198029981907,Recommended,232890,31032751,Posted: 8 April,all,Confucius,crusader knights > literally every other unit
,Not Recommended,232890,29870825,Posted: 12 February,all,DarkMagic ネープ,"I won' t accept this game as a Stronghold Game. Why you ask, it's simple, it doesn't feel like im playing Stronghold it feels more like im playing a Bootleg Game.I'm still a big fan of the older Stronghold Games, but this is just joke.Pros:+Nice looking GraphicsCons:-No fun-The maps are so small-The fighting animation looks stupid-The AI is unbalanced, i mean you can destroy all buildings and they are still able TO FEED there people.-The gameplay is slow-The voice acting is bad-Too many troops-IT DOESN'T FEEL LIKE A STRONGHOLD GAMEThe only thing what's postive about this game are the Graphics and even the Graphics are not that great.Should you buy this game? No just don't do it. I recommend, to buy the Stronghold Collection if you wanna play a REAL Stronghold game and not this Unfinished ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game!"
,Recommended,232890,31008344,Posted: 7 April,all,greatspy,i like the gameplay and the mission
76561198053721730,Not Recommended,232890,29347609,Posted: 18 January,all,Edinfang,"As a long time fan of the Stronghold series all I can say is... I had pretty low expectations.. (Anyone who struggled through Stronghold 3 will probably understand what I mean). To quickly sum up what I felt like was a very mixed game, Don't spend full price on it.. (currently it'a priced at £30 over 2 years after release and £50 for 'ultimate' edition?!?!)At first I really enjoyed Stronghold Crusader 2 and my first 2 hours of gameplay flew by and reminded me of the original stronghold games, with complicated yet fun resource management and also enjoyable  castle building... However after a while the cracks started to show and basically this game really needed another 6 months in the oven.The AI of the opponents is both relentless and dreadful. It feels like you are constantly being attacked by waves of enemies faster than they could possibly manage to build them. In campaigns large groups of enemies will suddenly spawn at regular intervals (sometimes literally on top of my own units), then will slowly march to your base.. ignoring anything and anyone in the way.After a while you realise that the relentless attacks of enemies was firefly's way of hiding that the unit AI is just awful and your troops will often ignore that they are being attacked or will casually wonder past enemies attacking them when not being controlled and just generally show no real intelligence whatsoever. I haven't played multiplayer but after seeing unit AI I don't think it would be a much better experience. (especially because the map designs are often... just... not fun.)Stronghold Crusader 2 clearly has a lot of thought put into the design but it has a lot of issues that were never fixed. (some just really basic bug and annoying issues, but also the cripplingly poor AI). Instead of fixing these issues Firefly instead released multiple DLC campaigns and enemies (Which still face the same issues) and are pretty steeply priced. In conclusion sadly this felt rushed and unfinished, which seems to me to be s theme of just about everything firefly has released in the past few years. It could have been great fun but it's not, so maybe pick it up when it's heavily discounted or just play the original Stronghold Crusader because it's pretty much better in every way.Ps Firefly just bloody release a finished and not broken game."
76561198164303564,Recommended,232890,22513601,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,JojiTrashxxxSushi,"love the game/ but i think theres some building that havent added, and why there is no siege tower?"
,Recommended,232890,32301015,Posted: 9 June,all,Kolobli12,"Fun, satisfying RTS.  Troop management still a major pain in large battles but I come back to this game regularly."
,Recommended,232890,32449528,Posted: 15 June,all,Rince,xxx
76561198197853406,Recommended,232890,31318916,Posted: 23 April,all,Gycony,"Hra sama o sobě špatná není, ale jsou tu nepříjemné věci jako třeba to, že NPC mají hotový hrad a armádu zatímco vy stavíte farmy a máte 0 vojáků....taky mě sklamalo to, že nemůžeme dekorovat hrad a nemůžeme zvyšovat spokojenost...Jinak je hra velmi dobrá a jednoznačně jí zkuste, ale raději to kupte ve slevě, at potom nelitujete"
76561198059072715,Recommended,232890,32866880,Posted: 27 June,all,Blazed Jay,Awesome
,Not Recommended,232890,34831190,Posted: 9 September,all,Last Determiner,"- Limits on soldiers,building (we had limits only in amount of soldiers for SC1)- resources system has broken- keep the bugs from SC1 and even got more bugs- poor face acting and animation ( SC1 was a lot better )- removed flowers and jails (+ - factors )- options menu is useless as hell- no more usage for keyboard... only mouse- games more than 3v3 goes laggyWaste of money and time"
76561198128990727,Not Recommended,232890,33741073,Posted: 23 July,all,GEIST,"not recomended if your expectation is a brand new gameplay from stronghold,everything is just the same only grapihical tweak in some areas"
,Recommended,232890,22218646,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,❤MuteD❤,"Very nice game blyet, me and my friend got destroyed by a wulf."
,Recommended,232890,33819126,Posted: 26 July,all,vitreex,"Stronghold Crusader II :Very cool game to play with friendsThe campaign is quite short, but with DLC you can spend more time with this game :)The game has a very nice multiplayer communityI recommend to everyone vitreex ;)"
76561197982459051,Not Recommended,232890,34077223,Posted: 7 August,all,Svante,"I'd not recommend buying this game unless you only want to have some fun with your friends. Online gameplay is basically only one strategy, either make tons of crossbowmen or lose. Singleplayer is really the worst part, I don't quite understand how the AI works in this game. You can destroy every building and they can still produce more units than you. Some have posted that the AI ""cheats"" and I think that's quite accurate, based upon everyone's encounter with the games AI.I'd suggest you stay to the first Stronghold Crusader, since the second obviously has it's flaws."
,Not Recommended,232890,34068561,Posted: 6 August,all,Dan,"Didn't like it. Way too simple. No tech/research, instant building etc."
76561198073583667,Not Recommended,232890,34203959,Posted: 12 August,all,Fourcoogs,"This game would make a great vaccume cleanerAfter all, it sucks more than anything else."
,Not Recommended,232890,34710767,Posted: 3 September,all,Wrench,"8 years ago i used to play stronghold crusader and i loved it. So when ever stronghold crusader 2 came out i was so excited to play it. I bought the game expecting it to be better, but i was wrong. The bots got weaker, the message animations got worse, theres less siege equipment, no fear factors, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bakers and wood cuters. And the list goes on. The only thing i liked about this game was the voice acting and watching the bakers race for flour"
76561198216717357,Not Recommended,232890,29471762,Posted: 24 January,all,Daisho,Why did I waste $50 for this game? I could've saved andbought Age of Empires 4 when it comes out!
,Not Recommended,232890,35077357,Posted: 19 September,all,-DoV- SealTeamZulu,This game isn't what i liked about Stronghold.Pro's : graphics are niceThat's it though.Con's : ♥♥♥♥ing everything else!Most of the negative reveiws have already pointed all the iusses out.Just to many Iusses in the game to makeit any fun  at all.Every time i start this game up i try for a bit. Then get over it & go back to the better ones.Just sad really.
76561198015993826,Not Recommended,232890,22225668,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,cary29,for $10 It's all right but I would not have paid $40 for it
76561198048432850,Not Recommended,232890,35278415,Posted: 28 September,all,Sassystrings,"I was a big fan of SH2 + Stronghold Crusader 1 and this one does nothing to improve on anything other than visuals, so why in hell would anyone pay $49.99 for this waste of storage space. Lazy developers, Firefly studios killed what they had R.I.PI wouldn't even recommend purchasing during a sale, because after 1 hour of gameplay you've seen it all. No replay value"
76561198418813953,Not Recommended,232890,35279794,Posted: 28 September,all,tilley.mcbean,"One of my favorite games. Played it for hours but on a windows 10 computer, intel 7, I'm experiencing buggy game play to the point of giving up. Hopefully patches will rectify this. An awesome game for historical content and balancing military and economic strategies. Just presents too many problems to make it playable."
76561198043900803,Not Recommended,232890,35387053,Posted: 1 October,all,ANT,"Having played both Stronghold and Crusader for hundreds of hours (and after the disaster of all the following Strongholds) I hoped this one would be better, that the devs listened to the players and returned to the basics, just a little bit nicer.They did none of that. Every castle in the original Crusader looks and feels better. Especially as there could have  been moats and troops could actually walk on walls once their top is level with the ground.I'm pretty sure I won't fund or buy any Stronghold again. Which is pretty sad. Now off to playing the original Crusader again."
,Not Recommended,232890,35403684,Posted: 1 October,all,Byzan,Oh how you changed Stronghold Crusader 2.
,Not Recommended,232890,23320630,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,g0dd,"This game is pure garbage, I can't wait 'til you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s at FireFly go bankrupt. Who would have thought you guys used to make masterpieces such as Stronghold and Stronghold Crusader. Now we have this cheap 3D Stronghold Crusader Lite Age of Empires cluster♥♥♥♥.Not buying any of your products again. Good luck trynig to stay relevant with your ""Steam Edition"" releases of your old games."
,Recommended,232890,35476832,Posted: 4 October,all,SmodAYY,DEUS VULT
