user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,232810,7781585,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,bytestream,"GODUS 2.0 - The Regenesis of the Regenesis of the God Game?Godus 2.0 was supposed to be that big patch [that took them half a year to deliver] that would change and improve everything. But what has really changed? Is Godus now the God Game we all thought it would be when Peter asked for our money on Kickstarter and Steam Early Access or is it still something you should avoid if you haven't bought it yet?The short answer is: Godus is way better now but still not worth your money, maybe at a 75% discount but not if you have to pay 19€ for it. Do you want to know why? Keep on reading.2014-05-27: Review is still accurate, Godus is still not a real (PC) game.Core GameplayThe land in Godus consists of different layers which you can push, pull or completely remove, but not add. This so-called sculpting it the main mechanic of the game, you will spent most of your time flattening the land so that your followers have enough room to build new abodes and spread.Compared to the previous versions you can now sculpt more land before you have to click again, which is a real improvement but the mechanic still doesn't feel quite right. It's more enjoyable but only if done in small peaces, if you try to sculpt larger areas it gets really annoying especially cos stuff like digging down or moving multiple layers doesn't unlock till way later in the game.In addition to sculpting you have some god powers like beautifying land, plant trees or conjuring rain to aid your farmers. These powers look neat but you won't use them very often, they just don't add anything noticeable to the gameplay.BeliefIn order to sculpt land and to fuel your god powers you need belief, the main resource in Godus. Belief is generate by your people while they are breeding and appears in form of bubbles over their abodes which you than have to collect manually. Granted, the mechanic has been vastly improved compared to 1.3.1 cos you can now click & hold the mouse button and then drag the cursor over as many bubbles as you want to collect them instead of clicking each one individually, but it still is unnecessarily complicated and makes the game feel like a mobile game.This is especially annoying - and concerning - cos pretty much every alpha and later beta player complained about this from the very beginning. People basically begged 22Cans to automate the collection of belief but they just didn't listen.Timeline, Stickers and ChestsYour civilization's progression is represented by a timeline (former scrap book) which consists of technology cards that unlock once you reached a certain number of followers, crops, ore and so on. To activate cards some of them have to be assigned a certain amount of stickers (starting at one but raising up to above 20 very soon). These stickers come in different categories like social, tools or industry and are obtained by either playing Voyages of Discovery missions (see below) or by finding them in chests which you have to dig up by sculpting land.This ""resource"" system is probably the most flawed system in Godus. First of all digging up chests to get random stickers is not fun. Secondly it hurts the sandbox element of the game cos chests (or missions), and therefore stickers, are extremely limited. And finally it's just a shallow and uninspired substitute for a real resource system.SettlementsOnce you have unlocked and activated the respective cards you can place different kinds of settlements (regular, farming, mining, ...) on plots. When you do that a settlement is create that contains the plots or abodes in it's close proximity.Compared to the previous versions settlements now no longer just gather belief of all the abodes in their area of influence they now allow you to customize your civilization a little bit. The people in a settlement can have one of three jobs. Breeders create new people (as long as their are abodes for them) and belief, Buffers increase the belief generated by your Breeders and Worker do the job specific to the settlement. In a regular Settlement Workers are just common builders (your regular people), in a farming settlement your Workers are Farmers that can create Farms on free plots and harvest crops and so on.The new settlements really add to the game and most definitively are the feature I like most about 2.0. Granted, assigning people jobs is still a little bit clunky and I can't for the love of god figure out how to deal with that stupid unemployed people that just waste valuable space in my settlements, but it is still a great idea.Voyages of DiscoveryVoyages replaced the rather lackluster PvP Battles and story missions in the former versions. Voyages basically play like a light version of Lemmings, you have a small group of followers that have to reach a shrine. Your job is to make sure that there not just is a path that allows them to do so in time - there is a timer ticking down - but also that they avoid hazards that try to kill them on the way. On a successful run you get stickers, if you fail you lose all the people you send and you to use belief to get a new group.As simplistic as this might be it also is kinda fun, it's the type of mini game you might wanna play during lunch break. However, it also is incredibly annoying that you have to do all these mission to get the stickers in order to advance. If you don't grind Voyages you will run out of stickers rather soon and won't be able to play the game anymore.Follower AIOne 2.0's big features was supposed to be the follower AI. Your people would not longer hide inside their abodes and only come out if you had a job for them. Instead they would stroll around and to interesting stuff.Well, that's true and false at the same time. Your followers now actually do stuff but it's a) basically always the same (resting beneath trees, gathering around camp fires, standing next to each other and talking), b) only very few of your people actually do that stuff (maybe 10-15%?) and c) it has no affect whatsoever on the gameplay nor does it reassemble the behavior of a real civilization.The world looks more alive in 2.0 than it did before, but, at least for me, it's still not enough, not by a long shot, it's just a nice little start.Look and FeelAll in all the game still looks and feels like a mobile game, it is designed to be played on a 5"" display and not on a 24"" monitor, and that might be a K.O. criteria for many people. Godus has no tooltips at all, instead you always have to bring up an info screen that covers the whole monitor. There is no quick action bar to select god powers, you can't use the mouse wheel to scroll threw the timeline but you have to click and drag it instead and so on. The  more time you spend playing Godus the clearer it gets that this game's main target group are mobile gamers, it being on PC is just an addition to that concept, not the other way around.Another aspect of the game that just screams mobile are it's timers, it takes ages to get anything done. It starts of okay but once you reached the second age building simple abodes take more than 20 minutes and rebuilding a new shrine requires several hours. That's okay if you just want to play the game for 5 minutes and then leave it till these things are done (currently you have to keep the game running cos there is no server yet) but if you are the kind of gamer that likes to play a game for at least an hour straight you will run out of things to do and spend most of your time waiting.Jup, still bad."
,Not Recommended,232810,900382,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,DebugOctopus,"Want to feel like a god? Look elsewhere. This game is about digging up cards in the dirt.The bulk of this game has you flattening land for your followers so that they can, in turn, build structures to live and prosper in. The world is made up of layers, like a cake, and you peel those layers to shape the land. In order to unlock spells (that are completely worthless) and expand your influence, you need to collect trading cards in buried chests scattered across the land. To dig up chests and flatten land you need a currency called 'belief' and to get this you need to collect bubbles of 'belief' on top of your peasants' houses. The generation of this belief is on a timer and you'll find yourself waiting hours to do anything substantial. Basically it's a facebook game.Did I mention there is a cash shop where you can buy power and progress (Thus skipping the otherwise forced wait)? Oh yeah, there's that too. I was hoping this game would be the ""re-genesis of the god genre"" but it wasn't really. I don't know how I might have thought that-- oh wait, the developer said it, silly me. Multiplayer might be cool in the future-- that is if it actually becomes... ya know... MULTIplayer. Right now it's just an AI skirmish mode where you play against a bot. When you go to the multiplayer lobby you are inundated by a flood of fake IMs from a 13 year old girl or something. It's weird and a bit creepy. Somebody wrote her dialogue, winky faces and kitty faces included. By the third match and subsequent IM deluge, I started to hope that the writer of this was on a pedophile watchlist.However, this game is not currently finished. It is a steam early access title and I will update my review as it becomes appropriate."
,Not Recommended,232810,12519423,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Galbi3000,"When I first got this game I was hooked. I would have recommended it in a heartbeat to anyone who showed an interest in it. I even bought a copy for a good friend of mine so he could play it too. We even had PvP matches in the now removed multiplayer side of the game.The game is not what I paid for anymore. I did not pay for a mobile touch screen game. The fact that 22cans have gone this route with Godus has made me play it less. I used to spend hours on end playing until it was changed to this mobile style.Just take a look at this old screenshot which shows a few features I miss from the game:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=186039142Features like flags on buildings to show when they are full that wave in the direction of the wind!And a follower who is named after a friend who I beat in multiplayer PvP match.Not to mention the better looking buildings with more variety.The side bar of skills was easier to use than the current system.How about the other races, like the ginger hair race or the mountain men. Now we are just us and the Astari :/And have a look at this old screenshot too, the larger towns created using a statue with actual roads:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=327651332Just these 2 screenshots alone show how far backwards the mobile style game took. So much variety removed to make it 'more suitable' for the mobile devices.Again, I did not pay for a mobile game. I feel like I was cheated out of my money, led to believe I was getting a cool game that I actually enjoyed playing only to have it taken away from me and replaced with an inferior substistute, not worth even half what I paid for, that mobile users can play for free!I get the feeling that this is what 22cans intended from the start, get our money and use it to launch themselves into the mobile gaming market.For this I can not recommend Godus anymore. It's a sad case as I loved how it was going before they took the mobile route :("
76561198079381919,Not Recommended,232810,14099104,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,mikeydsc,"Updated 02/10/2015 -http://www.pcgamer.com/godus-designer-admits-kickstarter-promises-likely-cant-be-kept/http://steamcommunity.com/app/232810/discussions/0/612823460273196949/?tscn=1423591766Original Post - Please be advised this is abandon ware. Peter M who is the owner of this studio has basically did a switch and bait tactic to get funding to produce this game, but instead used those funds to make a mobile version and just basically dumped the PC version to the wolves. If you purchase this based on the store page you are being decieved and will regret buying it because the features promised are missing or incomplete. There are 2 programmers left working on this since Jan 2015 so dont expect any large updates/patches any time soon.I usually do not do reviews as they are a personal opinion and one persons opinion may/maynot agree with anothers opinion."
76561198056907211,Not Recommended,232810,7759402,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Octo1,"Here is how much 22Cans cares about this game. You cannot close this game unless you use the task manager. The quit and close buttons in this game either do not work or freeze the windows. There has been no hotfix and its been like this since whenever they last updated - a few months ago?This is a mobile game being funded on Steam.This is an updated review for Godus 2.0.2.0 hours: Around ~10hrs+Once again, I suggest waiting before purchasing - after all, there is supposedly a mobile version coming out that will be FREE.First, I just want to say: Voyages are very annoying. I can't stand it and I would have to say it is the only reason I am not advancing through the game as I want to - because it takes so much effort for me to even attempt a voyage. Some of the voyages don't even give you enough time, even WHEN the AI chooses the correct pathing. If you're going to time it, at least give extra time if a follower enters the goal so the OTHER followers who are RIGHT behind the first follower has time to enter. It's just so stupid when you lose a follower when he's ABOUT TO ENTER THE DOOR. By Godus he can even SEE the house! HERE is where I  would want the pointer we had in the previous version, where a light appeared from the sky and the followers see it and set a path towards the light. Seriously, are we as the Watchers of our people just going to let them wander around and get LOST? We should be guiding them, not with just shaping the world around the people but also have a guiding light. It is not a good thing when you have a god game and you feel HELPLESS as your followers go full noob on foreign ground.If the developers want voyages to be like a sort of mini-game with a challenge. Dont't make it a challenge for the players to hope the followers choose the right AI and go in the correct direction.Let us point towards the direction we want our followers to go and instead of making the followers act like they're blind, give us some randomly generated challenges. Give us the ability to put our God powers in action. In one of the earlier challenges, there is a Giant who I am pretty sure was dangerous for our followers. Thankfully there was a second path you could force ur followers to take if you block the path towards the giant quick enough. But say you couldn't find another path and must face the giant. Can I not just say....squish it with the finger of god? We can easily incoporate ways to use beautify to stop swamps that are slowing the people down, or activate a speed totem to bring my followers faster to their destination. Instead all my followers are using a broken compass.There should be no reason to have chests laying around with resources that don't come back. Is the world which was created lack actual resources? The followers should be using material around them. If that is too hard to do for this game, I feel the chests should replenish like the trees and rocks in the game. Maybe not to the amount the latter comes in, but at least every 6 hours or a day if you want, there would be some random chests in the world. This way you can make the voyage system look attractive but not required - people can WAIT to earn resources for their game, or play voyages to get them faster. After all, we have to wait for belief, it wouldn't change the fact that coming back to check for chests would be a reason for the God of the world to visit the homeland.The interface is a little better than the book in my opinion, as its cleaner and a lot faster than the previous one where I had to scroll through all the resources if I wanted something or just simply never looked at it. I think the previous interface for the god powers and totems should have stayed however, opening so many screens does the art of the Godus world no justice if you cover it up. There were a few interface suggestions within the forums I hope don't go unnoticed.One of the biggest highlights in this game has to be the way the world looks. It is very simple yet is what makes the game beautiful and makes me want to stare at the screen endlessly. I was especially happy with the addition follower interaction. Seeing a follower sit by the river to bathe made it look like the people had things they did outside of their homes - they had minds, they communicated. But it is purely just asthetics and have no influence over the world itself. Other than improvements to the art part of this game, there doesn't seem to be much improvement from the previous version in terms of mechanics."
,Not Recommended,232810,19276642,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,♞ M4774,"THE MOST EPIC example of how a potentially wonderful game can fail.It really breaks my heart to say that somehow they almost developed the game I always wanted, but then gave up, little by little, of the whole thing.PLEASE DEVS, if not because of the people who bought it, at least for yourselves ... just finish this project! I mean ... man, you have done the hardest part (the concept of a highly optimizable ground for AI, the beautiful design, the water simulation...) so just use what you already have, put some sense and an end to it!PEOPLE, for now, untill something changes, you should not buy it."
,Not Recommended,232810,1905384,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Celador,"02.2016Updated to reflect the current state of the game:.......And there i thought that Finebros were the scum of the year! Congratz Molly! You did it again!Screw Godus, screw Godus Wars, screw you, you lying sack of cow clicker ****!"
76561197964749852,Not Recommended,232810,7743047,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Jarv,"In it's current state, Godus does more to perptuate the empty addiciting feeling you get with other social games then add any real depth. Once again Mr. Molyneux has talked the expectations from his creation far higher than he would ever hope to reach. Once you've clicked for the ten thousdandth time (trust me it will come much sooner than you think), you'll be so fet up that you'll probably never touch this one again. Do youself a favor and don't even start."
76561198030811923,Not Recommended,232810,12788975,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Zoator,"I want to like this game. I have played over 30 hours and have tried to feel out and understand this concept of using REAL time as the main form of currency in this rather UNgodly city builder. This attempt by 22cans to carry over Gems from the mobile version (gems being the currency that users pay real money for in the iOS version) and trying to squeeze them into the PC version is absolutely a bummer. For a few days I started to think that it might work alright, but in the end its just an empty currency middle man that really doesn't feel like it belongs in a game I have already purchased for a premium price. All the gems in the world are currently not helping me reduce the absurd wait times for generating specialized followers (farmers, miners) one of my wait times is currently 21 hours (REAL HOURS) for 1 new farmer to be produced. That 1 new farmer allows me to increase my total farms by 1 and makes me shudder at the future cards that have yet to be unlocked that require... 70 farms... or worse... 50 Mines. That is literally weeks of forced waiting just to unlock in game functions that are less than enticing. And like everything else in the game, the price and wait times increase with every added specialized follower or item placed. At this rate, I would assume the last farmer of my settlement will take around 2 days to be produced. 22cans wants you to believe that these ""valuable gems"" are their gift to us gamers who want to ""play at our own pace"" when really its just a misplaced ported currency that might make sense in a freemium mobile game model where you want your casual pocket gamers to be dropping $5-50 a pop for small offerings of gems that are really only used to bypass timers. How fun? These gems in their current form do not belong in a paid PC title.Not that you're reading any of these complaints, Peter Molyneux, but I was a big fan back in the days of Populous and up to Black and White, but you have proven time and time again since then that you are completely out of touch with what your fans (and now your duped financial backers) want. 21 hours for a single farmer Peter? What PC gamer has the time to check in constantly to collect belief? How have you managed to take such a neat looking little sandbox antfarm with so much potential and turn it into a game about waiting and the tedious collection of such ridiculously related resources? You sold your backers on the idea that you were going into this without a publisher, telling us that this would lead to completely unhindered creativity and maximize community influence on the product. How did you think we would feel when you revealed that you are building this game around a freemium mobile business model (because you DID end up partnering with a publisher after all) and that we the PC users and financial backers would now be stuck with shabby ""pay to play"" mechanics? Waiting so long for relatively unexciting things to happen completely disrespects the time of the gamers who want to sit down and actually play a game for more than the snippets of time between the various and superfluos wait timers. Im lucky to get a half hour before I literally run out of things I can possibly do.You've lost it Molyneux, or you've just gradually become more and more of a con man over the years. This kickstarter is almost theft, as you used our money (when you have millions) to fund a game that you are hoping will saturate app markets and shine just enough when compared to the morass of bad free to play games so that you can... what... sell gems for a living and retire this profession you obviously stopped caring about? Next time, do it with your own money, chap."
76561198042913113,Not Recommended,232810,14212114,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,caidicus,"This is a tough game to review. I usually find myself enjoying the mechanics and art style of the game, but the development for the game has been pretty bad.There used to be multiplayer, there isn't, anymore. This is just one of many things that were supposed to be in the game, and now will apparently never be included.The reason for that? It's pretty much ""done"" in the eyes of the company making the game, aside from some finishing up.Communication has been quite bad from 22cans, with nothing answered clearly enough to indicate that they're not abandoning the game.Frankly, the game is pretty fun to play, if you're into the whole sim-people sort of genre, but it lacks focus, development, and a future.With those faults, I wouldn't recommend it at this price, as in retrospect, the idea of what it would become was probably what motivated me.Knowing the game will never become much more than it is now... that kinda kills all passion to play."
,Not Recommended,232810,19715315,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Chan-Tzu Ti,"This game is broken, unfinished and not worthy of your money. Don't bother!If you're looking for a god game, this is not it! It's a silly attempt at what would have been a cow-clicker grade microtransaction-filled mobile game if it weren't for the initial criticism that prevented that from really coming into existence as far as the PC/Mac release goes.I don't think the developer even knows where to take this game from here, let alone the fact that the sculpting system is part of the game's biggest design flaw. They have also stopped communicating leaving anyone who bought the game in the dark, with no chance for a refund.I can't possibly recommend this. Not even for free. And it being still in early access is not really a valid excuse for anything.I was hoping for a revival of a game in vain of Populous or Black & White, but this abomination is nothing of the sorts and never will be."
76561198006915830,Not Recommended,232810,20180938,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Ary,"Ufortunately this game is dead.Peter molineux once again lied until the sky fell down and wasted the crowdfund.The result is a game that would've been great idea and it started also good but has now been abandonet.Sometimes they claim to be doing something, but it is obviously not progressing at allAs a early acess buyer and supporter I'm very sad that they betrayed the players and people who tried to make this work.The most important lesson is that if Molineux ever tries to make a game we should simply boycott him and his lies."
,Not Recommended,232810,15703332,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Rocket Baby Dolls,"tl;dr Avoid this game. Seriously avoid it. The offers delivered and the people behind it have some good speech. This whole project has been abandoned, a whole other app has been developed in the 4+ years when they designed and proposed this gameEdit 20/5/17: Two years after posting this review the game is still in early access. There's a Godus Wars in my Steam list which I have never touched. Three and a half years of development and this game is still in early access. I've been aware of ""The Trail"" and I even downloaded it and played it for a short while, but if anything I just thought why are not fixing your broken game that you promised to people who paid good money to fund you? This is an edit, it's not going to pop up in people's newsfeed's or notifications. This game was extremely fun at first despite it's limitations,a lot of the updates involved a lot of changes that was intended to fuel further income.The developers don't care about this game, they've moved on and don't care about accountability. This game had a lot of postive features which were replaced by multi-platforming and micro-transitioning, the fact that this game has never had a full release and have been abandoned towards. Populus existed in a time when micro-transitions weren't a thing. I was alive and aware when Populus was a thing.Original review, unedited: I bought this game shortly after the early access was available and I have to admit I quite liked it. There was a fair bit to do, controls seemed easy enough and it was quite fun with very little restriction in exploring the World even though. You had to ctrl+alt+del to quit the game but I expected some big bugs.Then everything went silent, for months there were no updates and no communication. Nothing was announced until the update was around the corner. A complete over-haul of the game was done which completely changed the game, some new things were added which restricted the original explore at your leisure feeling of the previous version. It also changed from feeling like a PC game to feeling more like an Android app that I'm able to play on my computer. You still had to ctrl+alt+del to exit the game which was a tad annoying.Some minor and additions changes were made. A happiness meter which was added to this re-vamp turned out to be game breakingly bugged. The ways to make them happy were expensive and very inefficient, while in the game your citizens would become depressed within seconds of anything happening. A warring faction that was introduced would just wreck your village with you being pretty much unable to fend off as it happens pretty early on and frequently. You still had to ctrl+alt+del to quit the game which was getting tedious.Needless to say a patch was quickly developed and removed some of the key features. Nothing was really added to the game until the next major update, some tweaks and changes here and there. None of these updates kept you from still having to ctrl+alt+del to exit the game though.Then the big downfall happened with the next major update. Had they spent all these months adding lots of new content to the game and fixing bugs? No! Well, technically no. The time spent in those months was in bringing the unfished, buggy pile of crap into the mobile phone market. It's free, but leans heavily on the pay to win aspect. What had they done to the PC version? They turned it into the style of the mobile app and kept the pay to win aspects with it, instead of paying money for these aspects you had to pay with resources and such. You still had to fecking ctrl+alt+del to quit the game.I had hope for many months, after 18-24 months I was still clinging on to some sense of hope that something would emerge positively from all this waiting. All that's happened in two years is a revamp with no real game progress, the game developed and re-coded into a mobile phone version, then the game seemingly being ported from the mobile app with a few tweaks. I quit the game for a long time until about a month ago. I thought I'd see what's new and what's been added since I spent a few months away. Well turns out nothing was really new, the progress I made was less than when I played the 1.0.3 version. After a few days of getting to a point where progress was just halted, I was getting a handful of stickers a day and it turned out I could use the ""pay to win"" aspect to get more I just uninstalled the game and vowed never to return. Oh yes, I had to ctrl+alt+delete to quit the game before uninstalling it."
76561198055650957,Not Recommended,232810,14840799,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Arryu,"*Preface: when looking to buy this game, read the forums. Not just the genreal discussions, but the subforums. I explain why later*One of the only games of over 100 that I've uninstalled from my library with no intention of reinstalling.Riddled with bugs from day one that are still not fixed, a resource system despised by the community that they refuse to alter, and boring repetitive gameplay that is very unlikely to change, These things have been discussed in mulitple other reviews,  but 22cans now has another nail in their coffin:Any negative posts about the game or company, as well as discussions about refunds or legal action are either outright deleted or hidden in a subforum no one will visit. The moderators of the forum have, two days ago, created two subforums where they have placed all negativity to give the illusion to newcomers that everyone is happy happy happy.The disturbing thing is, as recent and deplorable as that is, it is only a contender for the worst thing the PR team does. Banning anyone who speaks out while obvious trolls who say they like the game but are only there to stir up anger are allowed to roam free*. You will see people clearly just there to make people angry, but because they're saying positive things they are exempt from punishment. Anyone calling out these obvious trouble makers is branded as ""hostile"" and threatened with banishment from the forums. Anyone posts a relevant quote in two or more threads it is considered spamming and they are threatened with banishment.I'm amazed this game is still allowed on steam, early access or not. I believe that one day Valve will be bitten from its association with this gameMy adivce:STAY AWAY FROM 22CANS AND ANY RECENT PETER MOLYNEAUX GAME*There are the occasional people who genuinely like the game, nothing against them. There are even more who claim to like it just to create arguments with those that see all the problems, however."
76561198051965782,Not Recommended,232810,14217192,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,emmetcoyle,"I really cant express in words how disappointed I am with this game. I remember long nights playing Populous: The Beginning when I was younger - even the little phrases of the braves, ""waybo? Gid'aye"" after all these years are still etched in my memory. I still from time to time come back to this game as a timeless masterpiece of the God Sim from the original God Sim master himself, Peter Molyneaux.How the mighty have fallen.Godus sounds good on paper. It sounds like a spiritual successor to Populous, and I was an early supporter. I forgave the game it's early flaws;  a complex, confusing morass of ""stickers"" and ""cards"" for gameplay progression, a repetitive AI and gameplay, a directionless, non-existent story. Such was my reverence for Populous I was convinced that ""it'll get better with the next update."" I couldn't be more wrong. After some time now, various updates and promises to a loyal fanbase that this game will get better I am now finally giving up.Godus is a frustrating and unrewarding experience. I have played since the first version and through all the updates and I still have no idea what is going on, how to progress or improve my villages and can make no sense whatsoever of the sticker system. I have found myself doing exactly the same thing since the start - continually clicking stupid little purple bubbles just to get enough ""belief points"" to move the slightest bit of land.. continually coming up against ""you do not have this power"" message, with no clear path towards gaining said upgrade or ability except another 60 hours of repetitive clicking.This game is an insult to the legacy of Populous and the God SIm genre. It's almost an embarassment to admit that I have purchased it and I have finally had enough of wasting any more time with it.For those who have played Populous: The Beginning and hope for some kind of spiritual successor I strongly advise to look elsewhere. This game is so awful and tedious I wouldn't even download it if it were free. I so wished it would be different and for months now I have given it chance after chance, without any improvement. It pains me to say it, but I see no hope of redemption, since it's actually gotten worse as time goes on.Avoid - and if you are unfortunate enough to buy this game, the next time you load Populous you might notice the braves all speaking English - ""told you so!"""
76561197970888058,Not Recommended,232810,14847812,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Maximusfive,"They are NOT focusing on developing this for the PC.This is a simple, badly ported Mobile game, that was touted as being made FOR PC both here on EA AND on Kickstarter, but has been revealed to actually be designed primarily for Mobile platforms. Heck, the Mobile focus is quite blatently obvious, with the farmville-esque timers for nearly everything.Simply put, this feels like 22Cans has outright deceived their Kickstarted backers, and the people who bought it via Early Access,  into giving them the funding to make a Mobile game, rather than the PC game we were promised.Do NOT buy this game, furthermore, I STRONGLY advise you to NEVER buy any game developed by 22Cans, or Peter M.We, as gamers, need to send a message that we will NOT stand for this kind of bait-and-switch buisness practice."
76561198010698079,Not Recommended,232810,14931826,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Sekmeth,"Creater sold out, abandoned everyone who supported him, and is now making a mobile version of this for some wealthy publisher. Ask for refund if you can. Stay clear if you dont have the game. Also avoid any games this developer try to make in the future."
76561198030907501,Not Recommended,232810,13973347,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,gnuel886,It's simply a trap to those B&W's player. The endless development without a obvious progress or clean vision doesnt earn a trust from anyone paid 20USD for a early access. I doubt this game if it can be 100% finish at last.
,Not Recommended,232810,7864087,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,intoDaVoid,"NOTE: Have in mind that even though Steam says I played 300+ hours, I played about 30 hours worth of what a normal human being would call ""actual playtime"". Why? please read.As far as the Early Access goes, this is a game that should be in Mobile Devices and worth as much as, incredible amounts of grinding and the best game to compare it with, is FarmVille, but without the microtransactions... at the moment?At the moment, It is a landscape editor with funny little animations of Slender Man-like people building villages...your work? other than edit the land to make some space for your little guys to do all the work, you'll have to dig holes to look for resources like wood, no... no chopping down trees or telling your guys to do it for you, the wood, fire, pelts and more cards (yes, cards) are only found in chests hidden underground (it would do way better with resource gathering, like Age of Empires) these are used as requirements for upgrades, usually new buildings... and you need to click over every single house to collect their ""Belief"", yes, one by one, every 5 or so minutes (I've had to click over more than 50 buildings), yes there are ways to make it easier, but they increase in cost the more you build, which increases the grinding, but at least it would be harder to develop carpal tunnel, anyway the Belief is the resource used to build statues, use powers and more.I don't really want to get into deeper detail since it is in Early Access and a lot of this stuff could be no more than place holders for better stuff that is in its way... at least I hope so, because this is no fun like this and absolutely not worth those $20. So better give it some time, unless completely sure about buying it.For more information you can check TotalBiscuit's Alpha Strike:http://youtu.be/j0Y4OtDEfKAor NerdCubed's video:http://youtu.be/4aOjycc0YTIand I'm sure there are more videos about it"
76561198005814052,Not Recommended,232810,19723152,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Scott,"Took PC gamers money to make a mobile game with micro transactions,,,, Do NOT waste your money by giving it to these lying scammers."
76561198079072452,Not Recommended,232810,9486936,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Micuryath,"Hi there,so another major update. Still nothing improved much, sadly. I had big hopes when I bought this games. This is not really a god game compared to Populus or Black and White etc...Its more a very primitve kind of sim city or civilization...Let me share some thoughts:The people in the game are doing nothing on there own. Despite of wandering around and get lost or homeless. Why are there always these a annoying hints that follows got lost? What should I do with them?Further more, when I unlock a new better building, people don't upgrade it on there own. I have to destroy the house with Finger of god to get it replaced.These card collecting issue didn't improved at all. It even got more boring. You have to collect a lot of cards to unlock a single feature. After severall hours of gameplay, I still couldn't unlock the improved landscaping features (I have unlocked all Shrines of Expansions).  And it gets worse when you advance in the timeline. Your people should harvest the needed materials to let you advance in technology.The technology tree fells stricktly linear. There is a choice what you will unlock first but at the current state there are not enough cards to develop what are you interested in.Settlements are confusing. The infulence range increase, but what does it do? It does not collect more believe in a greater area, nor are more houses integrated... strange...Lets talk about the GUI:It seems to be developed for a tablet. I've bought a game for a PC, so I want to take all advantages of it.  All this linear scrolling with cards and advancements are very confusing. A technology tree would be more convenient.A small world map on the top right would be nice for fast navigating. A greater zoom range would help, too. Rotating the map is missing. It is still a lot of clicking and dragging, as I can not unlock the improved landscaping features...State of the game:Its really buggy. It crashes all the time. Noumerous contradictory statements of cards description ... It feels as if the developers where rushed to realse anything, as fast as possible - too sad.At the end some good points- I like The Discovery Journeys- The leashe feature is nice for collecting believe and sending around your peopleIn my opinion, the developers should start rebuilding the core gameplane engine to a god game and stop sticking on the ""old"" game.So far, I hope it helps."
76561198031653210,Not Recommended,232810,12702064,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,13.Core,Went from the next Populous to a terrible phone game that is geared to run on microtransactions.I feel like they used my money to fund their jump into the mobile game market.
,Not Recommended,232810,18742010,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,ZombieslayR,"In Godus you are a god, an all powerfull being who... wait, no you're not!Honestly, this should be called: Very Weak Wizard... usYou're a God who at the beginning can do NOTHING, you learn how to change the terrain, then you do nothing again... for ages.You tell your people where to build there houses and provided you have enough space and belief, they do, then they hide in their houses (for the most part) and you never see them again. Until you ask them to build a new house. Then a while later you learn a few new powers and then you do nothing with them because theres nothing more to do! The ""enemy"" tribe is a waste of tiem and a BIG gimic and a failed attempt to keep you going back for some more.The first build I played I enjoyed, It was good but then things started to go down hill, every update either something changed drastically or nothing changed at all, like 4 new features have been added this year and thats just not good enough! Godus honestly doesn't seem to be going ANYWHERE!Its a Sim City game...and a terrible one at that.I have been a supporter of Molyneux for DECADES.I played Populous (the whole series), loved it.I played Magic Carpet, loved it.I played Fable (the whole series), Meh, its alright.I played Black and White (the whole series), loved it.I player Dungeon Keeper (the whole series), loved it.I played Curiousity, Loved it.I played this waste of time... yeah.I've heard people moan about Peter, saying hes a liar and can never delivery what he promises, and I stuck up for him, EVERY TIME, online and in real life, for literally yearsI bought this steaming pile of rubbish in early access to show my support for what I believed to be a revolutionary game, I bought a copy for my wife, and my mum (who loves the populous series) and we all sat by and watched as the development team systematically ruined this game.I just can't keep sticking up for molyneux, he stole peoples money, he promised what he cant deliver on AGAIN and I honestly think its time to retire."
,Not Recommended,232810,9042623,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,maxescu,"If you want to destroy  your mouse get this game! It's an amazing click fest and nothing more then that.I'm a big Peter Molyneux fan, but this game got me disappointed. A lot. Sadly.CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK..."
76561197990037439,Not Recommended,232810,9698077,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,TheDude1972,"Update: November 23, 2016Devs releasing other games, nobody in that studio is working on this title anymore. If you like throwing away money please consider just giving it to me then ;)AVOID AT ALL COSTS ANYTHING ELSE FROM: 22cansUpdate: December 3, 2015This will be my final update as my opinion hasn't changed for this so called ""game"" as it doesn't deserve one more second of my time, It's definatelly (in my and many others eyes) a scam as 22cans moved onto other ""projects"", no news from devs, no news from steam yet still this thing remains in the store as early access funding their other projects on mobile (yes, godus mobile is of course still going strong thanks to our investment here on PC). Save your cash and avoid at all costs because you will not get a refund, the ingame timers make sure that you try to play it for longer then 2 hours as you hope that the game improves after the tutorial. I will never invest or buy anything from 22cans, Peter Molineux or members of their team ever again and I higly suggest you do the same.TL;DR: R.I.P. godNOTusUpdate: May 19, 2014Still a fraud and only getting worse, the mobile version has been released and no official word about it as they ""can't say anything"". Read the forum yourself and check out all the nice mobile screenshots. They promise a PC game but the mobile pictures prove that it's no more then a PC port.You want a mobile game to play on PC, then buy it. You want to be lied to the entire time, then buy it. You have an common sence, stay far away from this as your money is just used for the development of the Pay to Win mobile app.Original review:One word FRAUD.They promise a lot and deliver basically nothing. Latest interview states that they are focussing on the mobile market and that we PC gamers shouldn't complain.I've honestly tried to stick with this game hoping it will get better. But every update makes the game harder and more boring to play (increased waiting times) and is more and more  focussed on the mobile store where you can buy things to speed up the waiting game.Keep your money and spend it on a real PC godgame!This game is just telling you what to do and you aren't even close to a god. If you still have hope that this will become anything more then a tech demo for the mobile free to p(l)ay game then keep your money in your pocket untill it's (if ever) released on PC.I'm done with it for now and will see if *he ever delivers on any of his promises.*he being Peter Molineux the so called brains behind the gamesorry if this is really negative but I can't say it in any other way, just check out the steam godus forums and you'll see that I'm not alone in this."
76561198019125686,Not Recommended,232810,12532078,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,TapewormLondon,"Last year i had actually written a review for this game giving it a massve thumbs up. However the direction of development now means I am doing a complete 180.Dont get this game at present. The game revolves around you playing god. A god that can sculpt the landscape, direct your people to build things, mine resources, breed, erect great temples and use your godly powers to sent great balls of fire and brimstone upon your enemies.Sounds awesome right? Well it would be if not for the fact that the base of this game now has it foundations on the Mobile phone version, so huge F2P elements.Anything you need to do requires a resource called belief, which is generated by your followers in their houses, which you have to wait for....up to 30 minutes in some cases. So build more houses, so you get more belief right?Yeah but that would require an abundence of belief in the first place, which you dont have, to speed up building you need to direct followers to the area you want to build on which, you guessed it, costs belief.Hey maybe take a ship sailing and play the mini game whilst you wat? No that requires followers in which you have to wait for.....yet more belief.To be honest the whole premise of waiting to play is beyond belief.Dont get this game. You will be sorry.I will ammend this review as they make changes....if I can ever be bothered to to boot it up again."
,Not Recommended,232810,17375148,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Badkarma,"Unfortunately I bought this game over a year ago believing we'd see a beautiful civilization building-game with some great features and power-to-the-player. Afterall, this game is GODUS. YOU ARE A GOD!. No.. Not really. It doesn't feel like it. You place huts and sculpt the land and every-once in a while you strike little dudes with a lightning bolt or whatver. And building your civilization you need to find. 'Cards'Very sad. Not to mention all but really two developers have abandoned this game, and the ones still here have done nothing. A big **** you to the main developer Peter. Giving us a dream but not backing it up."
76561197988012862,Not Recommended,232810,15165578,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,mendel,"So, I bought Godus at 75% off. I was curious if countless Kickstarter backers being disappointed at this game meant it didn't meet their expectations, or how bad it really was. What I am writing is based on several hours of playing the ""beta V2.4"" version.To recap, 22cans collected lots ofKickstarter moneyto make a PC version of the game, and 5 months later when it foreseeable they wouldn't get done they contracted a publisher for a mobile version and finished that first.If you ever wanted to experience the ""fat-finger"" feeling you get on mobile on your PC, this game delivers: when I am clicking and dragging to move a mountain ""slice"", what moves is often not quite where I clicked, and I don't know why. But hey, instead of fixing this, we can prevent people from losing too much by only allowing small changes -- which means that big changes (and you'll need lots of them) have to be executed as a series of small changes. A real PC game would let me make the change and ask for confirmation or, even better, allow undo or reverse time, but we can't have that in a Skinner box, now can we (see below)? There are a few other things that don't quite work right yet (including infrequent game crashes), but the former is part of the core game mechanic, and I'd have expected it to be in the 53% that are allegedly completed.I don't play much mobile myself (though I recommend LYNE on any touch device), but the rest of Godus's mobile inheritance are characteristics this game shares with monetized ""Skinner box"" games that I have been looking at plenty on Kongregate, The game is structured around annoying you into spending ""gems"", which in the PC version don't have to be bought, but that doesn't solve the big problems of this approach. To do things in-game you need belief (mana). In a f2p game, that would be your action bar that renews by waiting. Well, you also need more believers to get belief, but still, if you like you could idle this game for hours and collect belief and then be able to ""pay"" for sculpting the landscape and sending your minions on errands. (Yes, you ""pay"" for giving orders to the little computer people.) Or you can buy belief (and food, the other in-game currency) with gems. To acquire your godlike skills, you need to progress in the game so you can unlock a skill card that you can only use when you have placed ""stickers"" on it that you either find in treasure chests or (surprise) buy with games in the form of ""booster packs"" (another favorite Skinner box staple). Oh, and best hold off on opening too many treasure chests, because there are skill cards that make the treasure in them more valuable.Much of the game is automated. ""Zoning"" for buildings can only be done indirectly by blocking the automatic zoning off unwanted spots with terrain. Unit pathfinding sucks over long distances: toons will tell me several times they're blocked until they finally find their way to the destination. Again, this is a core feature, which should have been working in the mobile version, except people on tablets apparently can't send units as far away as I do. But collecting ""belief"" is not automated, it's a useless ""makework"" klickfest that only makes sense as part of a ""core loop"" on a skinner box.Oh, how you get gems: by either killing your believers (which makes them unhappy, which gives the AI opponent an advantage), by doing a ""voyage"" which the commentary tells me I can repeat as often as I like, but I made one voyage and now I can't any more, or by finding some in treasure chests, which are limited.Generally, the game setting makes me uncomfortable: my job is to flatten large amounts of landscape, combine cottages into housing blocks, consider rocks and trees as detrimental (you get a skill that makes trees positive later), and homeless people beg you to kill them for gems, basically. God is a real estate developer.I do love the terrain: I love its colors, I love how the shape makes paths and building sites, I love to shape it (when it's not being annoying, see above), but the rest of the gameplay? Forget it. This is what the kickstarter promised: to be god in such a world (and kudos to the artists, they did a good job in creating a world you'd want to be god in), but the gameplay is being an accountant, and on your first playthrough you have incomplete/misleading information to boot.The pity is that the terraforming minigame levels show that someone somewhere realized that doing these terrain things is fun. But building a multi-currency klickfest economic waiting game on top of that is just not warranted. They've taken something very fun and tweaked it so that there's barely any fun left - which on a monetized game makes people hope it'll be fun and exciting if they pay, which they do and it is, which makes it as profitable as drug dealing.""Free-to-play games aren't after everyone for a few dollars -- they're after weak people in vulnerable states for hundreds, if not thousands.""(source) (more)Wanna bet this game goes free2play with monetization within a year after its full release?Shame on you, Mr Molyneux.Oh, what do I recommend? If you want to feel like a god, buy SimCity 2000, Settlers 2 Gold, or any other world-building game that doesn't make you work for your basic game functionality, or feel you have to buy your powers at Gods-R-Us. And if you like Skinner boxes, go look in the f2p flash scene, there are lots of titles, some of which are decent enough if you can overlook the sleazy business model. Or go back to playing farmville."
,Not Recommended,232810,8326219,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Surucipe,"CLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKCLICKIt's a Peter Moyneux game; set your expectation at ""he'll never even finish it"" when you buy it, and you'll still end up disappointed. Extremely little progress since it has come out, and next to nothing in regards to reaching out to players with information or even excuses from 22 Cans.As for gameplay, its little outside of clicking non-stop. You know the baby game from The Stanley Parable? It's pretty much that.I loved Fable: TLC, and I enjoyed Black & White, but I can no longer make excuses for Peter Molyneux, and can no longer recommend his games. Save your money and buy something you'll enjoy (unless you love clicking a ton, then have at it)."
76561197967904624,Not Recommended,232810,8599012,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Kairu17,"Was hoping for a game similar to black & white but this game is just a click fest, with little depth. don't bother."
,Not Recommended,232810,13321237,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,theratking,"I actually wasted my $20 in the kickstarter for this thing. We were promised a next gen populous with an open world, and we got a glorified flash game. This is my biggest gaming-purchase-related regret to date. You're better off learning Dwarf Fortress than dealing with this muck.. This game is basically the sim city 5 of the populous franchise. (disclaimer: don't be fooled by my ""hours played"": horrible game mechanics forced me to wait for 'belief' in order to do anything.. waiting for long period of times just to do a few things hardly felt god-like)"
,Not Recommended,232810,9082101,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,The Sonderval,"EditThe game is fun at first, until you realise that nothing is going to be added despite the promises. Nothing was heard from the developers for months.I got this game believing in the hype from Peter Molyneux having played Black & White. I should have known better."
76561198039030000,Not Recommended,232810,14100201,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,ReTRoBuTioN54,it makes almost no progress and seems to only focus on mobile development
,Not Recommended,232810,18877407,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Dvulp,"This game is like a one-sided relationship:As much as I love this game, it just pushes me away every time I try to get closer to it. Godus was packed with a very cool idea and beautiful gameplay and graphics. I fell in love with it the moment I saw it. Since then, the devs have tried everything that they could to make the game as simple as possible. Stupid updates, an annoying micro-transaction system that makes me wanna puke, no feedback from the devs...So let's talk about the positives:+ the game is beautiful+ the gameplay is very relaxing+ the game is very easy and gives you the feeling of progression... That's about it right nowNow the negatives:- The AI will often work against you as if they want to revolt against the player.- The enemy is no challenge. Their 'troops' are almost hilariously easy to defeat.- A lot of features appear to be there, just not right now...- The biggest part of the game just ends after a while, eventhough you are still expected to go on.- There is no clear goal in this game, but there IS a goal.-There should not be any micro-transactions in an UNFINISHED game.- A lot of updates just seem to change nothing at all, maybe some bugs, or might even remove features.- The game becomes INCREDIBLY repetitive after a while.- Features such as sculpting are a bit awkward and don't often work as you'd like em to.-THE GAME WILL NEVER GET OUT OF EARLY ACCESS!!!I just want to elaborate on that last point, because it seems to be an ongoing trend in the steam early access business. The game has been in early access for a LONG time, but never seems to change in a way that is noticable. When changes do happen, they are hardly ever improvements.The description of this games states:""GODUS is a unique game that we hope will grow to be truely special.""I feel like this statement is very important to talk about, since godus IS a very unique and special game, especially for me. However, as time passes by, the game becomes much less special and much less interesting. It's a shame that such a unique and fun game is slowly fading away into the 'unfinished' terrain, where it will likely never see the light of day again.So, should you buy godus?I really, REALLY wanted to say yes, but right now, godus is basically a bunch of promises that will never be fulfilled.The answer:Sadly, no, not right nowMy apologies if the English is not very good, it is not my native language.Also, I still really love this game, but I just think it is not worth itright now."
76561197994892242,Not Recommended,232810,17434326,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Amara,"A reason why I'll never buy another thing from Peter Molyneux again. It plays more like a freemium game only... well it isn't free. If you're looking for a reboot of Populous keep looking, pretty sure Peter's hidden it somewhere. If you want to experience that nostalgic gameplay of Populous dust off an old Populous game and play that, save your money give this a miss, the only thing it's giving me at the moment is a constant reminder of regret that I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥money away."
,Not Recommended,232810,18259185,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,[T40-1]CantTouchThis,"Basically a known scam - they took PC gamers money to make a mobile game, it'll never be finished, although it's not like Valve actually care either."
,Not Recommended,232810,15766177,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,RomanNumeralII,I feel sad every time I think about this game
85394675293874659,Not Recommended,232810,22911641,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Tony Abbott,"opened itit was too early to playclosed itwaited 2 yearsopened itplayed though the dinky tutorialunlocked some 'cards' which destory any 4th wall or god sim theming from the gamerealised the tutorial was the whole game0/∞, would refund if possible."
,Not Recommended,232810,17052271,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,👉 👌 Peanutcat 👉 👌,"It's a cash grab scam. They promised a god game showing us players controling their civilizations and gods fighting with meteors. Now they've changed the store page, old trailer is gone replaced with the new crap. The game has seen barely any progress except for dumbing it down so it'll work in their mobile version. The game is NOTHING like described by the developers.Do not buy"
,Not Recommended,232810,14144314,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Frisky Dingus,"Do not even consider this game. I had enjoyed my time with it because one of the early iterations of the game was fairly relaxing (however content-starved it was), but this game is abandonware.I find it hard to bear ill will towards any of 22cans, but this game has been handled abhorrently and they have lost my business forever. Godus has gone through a year and a half in early access, followed by Peter Molyneaux leaving development to two people. I have no hopes of ever receiving what I paid for. Stay away."
76561198019703256,Not Recommended,232810,9097430,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Godzillaarmor,"Do not purchase. They have not updated the game in months and do not actively communicate with their community,"
76561198006589648,Not Recommended,232810,14434638,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Vinthrax,"In the beginning I was really fond of this game, since it had Peter M., the creator of Black&White, working on it.So I purchased it and dabbled around until I hit the limit of what was currently posssible at that time, and to be honest i quite enjoyed it.I unistalled it, deciding to check back once it was out of Early Access, but I kind of forgot about it.A few days ago I found a news article stating, that Peter M. had left the studio, was currently working on something else and the current lead developer saying, that he's ""sorry"" for not finishing the PC version and instead focusing on making this into another free-to-play mobile game.I re-installed the game and started it, to see what was going on and how the game had changed.I very nearly smashed my fist through the monitor.I could've handled the abbandonment by Peter M., but turning this into another ♥♥♥♥ing free-to-play, cash-grabbing mobile-oriented game?! HELL NO!The straw that broke the camel's back for me was when the tutorial suddenly changed it's language to italian. Everything else was in english, the menu, the annoying commentary and everything else up to that very moment had been in english, but when the tutorial decided, for whatever reason, to change it's displayed ""quest"" text to italian, I lost it.This so-called ""game"" started out as something promising, but now it's nothing more than a another example of waht's wrong in the game industry.It once held promise, but since then it's been gutted and abused, and is now forced onto the corner of the street, to make a few bucks from the mobile-device gamers, like some cheap ♥♥♥♥♥.It has been a while since i felt disgusted, but what happened to this game makes me sick."
,Not Recommended,232810,7875353,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Mavalancha,"If you like an over hyped game about clicking on things then you're in luck.Features: clicking, waiting for non existent updates, pretending this is funtenn atta tenn"
76561198060221546,Not Recommended,232810,22829447,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,seymour47,"This game is an embarassement to game developers everywhere. 22Cans and Molyneux have been screwing gamers from the get go on this one. Do NOT buy this game. Do NOT support them. Few developers deserve an outright boycott, but they are one of them."
,Not Recommended,232810,13452835,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Goli ツ,"1, Took money on kickstarter, took money on steam early access2, Came out first. Did'n really know what it wanted to be. Had it's core features, but unpolished.3, After really long waiting a big update came out but, but.... I don't know man...4, The game is MUCH more polished and bugbashed but one question remains: WHAT IS THE MAIN PURPOSE???Let's settle down here: Why do I, or should I play this game? Is there any goal? Apart of hunting chests, yea, whoa. Chest hunter simulator 2014 for 20 EUR, thanks.Is there any goal? No folks. At this point (after 2 years), I'm still trying to find out, what the goal of this game is supposed to be.Is there any economic or social, or military goal? Nope.Is there any emotional reward the game can offer, or any other reward worth your time and money? Nope.At this point I can only say one thing: DO. NOT. BUY. THIS. GAME!The game had a great potential I think. If it was up to me I would have made it a funny civ and city management game with quick battle option against real players with a good ranking system.UPDATE:Ah, so after we funded your life and studio you abandoned the PC version and made it into an Android mobile game?! Aha, ehemm, okay.SCREW YOU ALL GREEDY DUCKS!!! YOU ARE WORSE THAN NO MAN'S SKY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S!!!"
76561197970120932,Not Recommended,232810,9089685,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Kwakks,Absolutely terrible.  STEAM should be offering refunds for this rubbish.
,Not Recommended,232810,10396136,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Bunisher,"This game is just an iOS game in development. The devs havent listened to anything the community told them, even if they said they would. After every patch, the game just became worse. Up to a point where it's straight out an mobile game. Even their roadmap, currently as of writing this, is saying that they've stopped the development of the PC version to focus on the iOS version for the casual gamers and that they will pick up PC development in the end of the summer/start of autumn.I cannot recommend this game to anyone and if you REALLY want it. Wait until the mobile version is out and get it there instead. You'll probably get it cheaper than you would here."
76561198051403979,Not Recommended,232810,13036552,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,5crub_L0rd_1992,"Well, judging at the number of negative reviews/ thumbs down, you'd not expect much from this game. And you are right. At its' infancy, the game was a proper PC game, unlike now, a bloody mobile game on a PC platform. Waste of money,"
,Not Recommended,232810,12975585,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,👽🐬 Old Black Nerd🐬👽,"I bought this game when it first came out. I believed in the Molyneux. I played for an hour or so, and it was kinda fun, but it was annoying to stretch all the lands and crap and it didn't work well. So I put it away. It's early access after all, I can forgive it.I check back often, because I realized i've been Molyneux'd... again. This game is the same as Spacebase and that other game that finished EA early, except this won't, in fact it'll probably never be ready because they made it into an iOS game too. Which means they cut back on their features. Which means.... we've been Molyneux'd again.Don't buy this game. I don't know why I keep falling for this man's lies. But I do. I am an idiot. Like someone who keeps going back to their mate who says ""Please baby, i'll change, this is it for real, I mean it this time. I'm sorry."" and then I get cheated on again.Save your money. Donate it to charity instead."
,Not Recommended,232810,12826958,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,RichiePoo,"Do NOT buy this game unless you are really okay with high wait times.  It is NOT free-to-play, but it has elements that make it feel that way.  The devs are theoretically working on balance issues, and to give them credit, gameplay engineering should probably be what they get working right now.  However, there are serious timing/balance/resource issues with the game that make this frustrating gameplay experience.  I'd recommend anyone curious about this to follow the forums, and ""wait and see"" the game finished before plunking down $20.  That said, if you can find it on a 90% off deal, go for it, because the game really does have a lot of potential.Bottom line:  Wait until this game is finished, then read the reviews before you decide."
,Not Recommended,232810,13065647,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Wisdom Dog,"Only two real lessons i have learnt with this waiting simulator.1st: Don't ever never trust Moulyneux anymore.2nd: If you want a real Populous or Black and White heir, wait for it. You will not find it in Godus."
76561198022888470,Not Recommended,232810,9555521,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Danjal,"Review as per Godus v2.0.1 - March 19th 2014First and foremost - buyer beware. Right now Godus is a mobile/tablet game that will also be released on PC without a cash shop.I could bother you all with a list of things that are currently wrong with Godus. But I'll let Peter Molyneux himself do the talking instead.""To Molyneux, the value of being an independent developer lies in being able to do things like muck around with odd funding models or release schedules without having to answer to a broader authority.""Source:Molyneux shares his strategy for indie developmentSecondly there are a few figures I'd like to present to you.By Peter's own account we have 1 million early access supporters.""From there, Molyneux recommends developers move to Steam’s Early Access service. He claims that Godus netted another million installs through Early Access, which brought in more money and players to keep development going.""Source:Molyneux shares his strategy for indie developmentAdd to that the original £526k and a promise for the game to be ""finished"" in 7~9 months (starting Dec 21st 2012) and the obvious incomplete state of the game right now.I recommendstrongly againstgetting this game right now.I'll leave you here with an additional statement by Peter from the same page and leave it up to yourself to conclude what this means about the current state of Godus.“If you put a million people together, about 5,000 of them will turn into nightmare bullies who will destroy the culture you’re trying to create,” said Molyneux. He claims that by removing player communication from Curiousity, 22cans learned how to better create a healthy community.Source:Molyneux shares his strategy for indie developmentPeter as much as says that he has no intention of listening to his backers and supporters and instead will simply do as he pleases.He refers to a messy desk being a sign of his creative process - which can just aswell be seen as a metaphor to the current state of affairs in 22cans.This particular article speaks volumes about the current state of affairs for both Godus and 22cans."
76561197970750906,Not Recommended,232810,15649453,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Ekelschwein,not what was promised - even Populous from 1989 is better!
76561198044798228,Not Recommended,232810,7771684,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Red Eclipse,"Now, Godus is the type of game that truly makes you wonder why an all powerful god would be attached to one specific group of people with the only truly useful ability available to you is to move dirt. You would think that babysitting a group of common grunts with the thinking power of bread mold, they would at least walk around the villages to give you something to look at. But instead they hide away in little huts and throw up little flags when the house is full ( And I learned that by reading a wiki page ) allowing you to bang your godly fist of might on their tiny doors and thrust them out into the world to.... walk around for a short time before collapsing. You're apparently supposed to have them build a house to live in but the instructions are so irritatingly bland that you'd probably have an easier time deciphering a f***ing cave painting.Godus was originally created to mimic an earlier game with the same concept, to play as a god and build a civilization. But as it turns out, reintroducing a concept from the 80's to the modern age and expecting the exact same reaction is like wrecking your car then dragging it home and offering it to your child as a birthday present. I can understand that the developers wish to try and breath life back into something they cherished long ago. They charge $20 for something that should be considered an indie game then they have the audacity to say that ""The content in the game is only 40% of what is to come"". Well developers, if I pick this game back up in 8 months, I will be expecting to see godly hands wiping entire continents of the face of the planet. But hashing out $20 for a bunch of old men's backyard project is just insulting. Not to mention the ""multiplayer"" being poulated by bots who try to to act like living people. I find it all very creepy to hear a bot talk about it's ""dad coming home so he won't let it play for long"".One last thing I want to wrap up with is their so-called ""beautiful design style"" has about as much beauty as roadkill. A sharp, retro design makes it feel like I could have made something like this myself. Seriously devs, do us all a favor and give us our money back, then kill this abomination."
,Not Recommended,232810,19625076,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,arnavguru28,"Godus was a beautiful and exciting concept when it was first announced. The gameplay videos were promising. So I bought the game. I sunk in more hours in this than anything else. In the end, it was all such a waste. The game got stuck in the same phase for a long. The developers keep promising more additions to the game but the updates are always underwhelming. One cannot feel anything but cheated by this game. 22cans should completely focus on finishing this game instead of concentrating on mobile or other projects."
,Not Recommended,232810,14942422,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Grumple Stilskin,"I don't write reviews much. But this game....I like this game. I really do. It's just that there is so... little. It feels like there should be more. It feels like everything you're doing in the game is just the tip of the iceburg.... but that's it. You're not on an iceburg. You're on an ice cube, and are impressed that you can balance so well. Then you realize the game is devolving into another collect-a-thon mobile game. You know the ones, you have buildings that make a resource and you have to play it for a minute every fifteen minutes and tap on the resource to collect it. That's what this becomes in about two hours of play, unless you love terraforming. But eventually you'll realize that there's no reason why you should play anymore, because it's just more of what you're doing now, but for even longer.Sure, there are tiny side games you can do as well, but that's what crappy mobile games do too. They have just enough content to seem fun... and that's it.Oh and you can pay real money to buy gems in this game to do the same stuff slightly faster so you can hurry up and get to more of the same stuff."
76561198027330581,Not Recommended,232810,14321136,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Claykiller2010,"I bought this game right when it came out and at first it seemed really cool and I had high hopes considering 22cans made bank off the kickstarter and it was being made by Peter Molyneux. More than 2 years later, this game sucks. Thanks to this game (and another which also had a fat stack of funding due to kickstarter) I will never purchase a Early Access game ever again ( which is sad cuz there are some pretty sweet looking games that are early access right now). Hell, I'll never buy a game that was funded from kickstarter because there seems to be a pattern here people...just saying."
,Not Recommended,232810,19835346,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Trout,"Stop. Stop. Take your hand off the 'Add to Cart' button. Turn back, go back to the Store page and look for something else. ANYTHING else. Just no."
76561198010555902,Not Recommended,232810,13245036,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Ripp,"I've played this game since the first release, it had a great potential and it was awesome.Time has passed and with it many updates that maked the game not so good. I hope developers can revert this and make people fall in love with this game again. They must see that more than 50% of comments are negative and the way they are taking is not what people want.Players are demanding another kind of game, and developers are not listening to us. I hope that in the future I can change this comment to a positive one."
,Not Recommended,232810,13229574,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Naros,"It's basically a facebook game, focused more on addictive gameplay and ALL THE WAITING, rather than on enjoyable gameplay.The little treasure chest that you dig up are nice, and the PC version not having micropayments is also nice.But ultimately it's a waiting simulator. The game continues counting various super slow things while you're not logged on, like you'd expect from a facebook game. So if the solution to the drag is 'just stop playing the game for a while', then why not go one step further, and just stop playing the game forever?I'll still give it an other chance, but I'm not sure if it'll improve my opinion.Edit 07/12/2014:Gave it an other chance, no real change in opinion about the gameplay, but now it runs *super slow* despite not using up much CPU (~4%) or memory. Even the interface is delayed by a factor of 20."
,Not Recommended,232810,12685958,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,aidinabedi,What? This is ridiculous. I just want to make a town. I don’t want to schedule it on my alarm clock for six days to come back for a building to be completed.
76561198021843087,Not Recommended,232810,16210437,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Nisaras94,"While I admit it was fun at one point, now I just hate to think about what this ""game"" has become. With the dev team basically in shambles, I don't see this ever being finished. Please do not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,232810,14317039,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,The_Watchman_,"Updated**Before you read anything or buy anything read this article about 22cans from Gamespothttp://www.gamespot.com/articles/rocky-road-ahead-for-godus-as-key-devs-depart/1100-6425211/Previous**The Game on its own. Its a fun little game but lacks depth. I did enjoy playing it for a while but like some commentators say it has a mobile game feel to it. This was in Early Access at least. I do like the blocky art style and terrain and the idea of sculpting terrain with your mouse is awesome. But this game has been in early access for way to long. It seriously needs updates and added content and even some content has been removed since i first played. So its unfair to say until its finished, whenever that will be. I don't recommend buying it until we see progress and a finished and polished game. It is a great idea, but i think this games style is made for tablets and touchscreen more than a pc experience. That includes collecting faith with hundreds of clicks can get pretty old and repetitive, again that will work better on a touch screen.Controversy**Peter Molyneux!!! (The Carrot & Stick) They Guy who brought you games like Dungeon Keeper, Black & White, Fable(Note, that is alot to live up to) and his latest entry Godus (The Mobile Game). Beware this game is far from finished(very much still Early Access) and kinda turned into a mobile game at some point. It really is a cool idea yes, i(The Fool) bought it in the first few days it came out on early access, maybe to early, maybe i was to eager. But 22Cans did take that money and put it into a mobile game or at least it feels like it. I would admit it won the ""The App Store Best of 2014"" award but at the sake of his kickstater support and PC audience.One thing Peter dear Peter at least tell us whats up, pull a rabit out of the hat and say Godus Mobile was actually a ruse to get money to build Dungeon Keeper, Black & White, Populous  NEXT LEVEL BUNDLE Ultimate Addition! Ok thats the end of the emotion part coz that is what i personally want from you. I think its a game we didnt ask for but Godus is the game we are given but then again no one asked for Dungeon Keeper, Black & White, Populous. But Godus doesn't fit in that group, for now.OK If you really care about this game, talking to the community, listen to 22cans youtube videos. They are trying to bring us a decent game, and its a good bunch of people working on it. I really believe 22cans you should add these videos or links to steam game profile to help people understand the situation. What it turns out to be will depend on our feedback to 22cans and their willingness to listen.I honsestly would have trusted them to build a game by them selves with their history. Communities dont always know what they want and get emotional and that doesnt help the building process with that types of feedback. I still believe in them, and even after all i said before i dont believe they sold out. This is not the forums so i wont put my game changes here but i believe in you 22 cans to blow my mind still. Come on, look what games have you worked on before, we want more of that, plain and simple really, sort of. If you are doing your own thing, thats fine to, just keep us updated in a timely fashion and listen to the communities and i think it will be a gg. (After that Article i dont know anymore)"
,Not Recommended,232810,13586824,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,vsouzas,It is a pay-to-win mobile game in disguise. You spend more time waiting for timers than enjoying the game.
76561198005760892,Not Recommended,232810,13055649,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,DJmass,"horrible game that is basically a mobile port. save your money and just get it on mobile, it is free there."
,Not Recommended,232810,13430035,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,zeenz,"Here is my take on Godus after about 40 hours of game play into the game. Godus is the new god sim from the camp of Peter Molyneux, responsible for the incredible Black & White god game, and the not so incredible Black & White 2 - not to mention popular series Fable and Populous. I put dozens and dozens of hours into the first Black & White game and I still regard it as the best god sim I've ever played, the second was largely a disappointment.The Good:First of all, the overall aesthetic of the game is simultaneously simple and striking. I love the way each coloured layer of water, sand, grass and rock comes together to form landscapes, the game just looks amazing.As a newly minted God you will be responsible for the health and well being of your people. That will generally include shelter, food and some forms of entertainment manifesting themselves in the form of belief. You can in turn use this belief to sculpt more difficult landscapes (anything not sand), use abilities or spells and control your followers to assist you. This mechanic works fairly well most of the time though you may find yourself spent out on belief often as you venture deeper into the game - past 10 hours or so.The Bad:Cards. General abilities will be awarded as you open up major milestones in game play - such as reaching a certain population threshold. They will often allow for huge changes in village building, god skills or overall gameplay. The problem with this is two-fold. The first problem is the ability is not usable when it's 'unlocked', you need to further unlock it by using cards which you can only find in treasure chests or from spending 'gems' (more on gems later). The card unlock method is instantly tired and feels unnecessary. As for the second problem, sometimes the mechanic you unlock makes a jarring change to the game flow. Biggest example of such changes is unlocking the ability to create farms. Farms will produce wheat, ok not a problem there. Problem is up until this point in the game you've been able to create buildings and expand your empire without any resource constraint and then as soon as wheat is available all of a sudden the flow of your expansion is completely paralysed as you will likely be very short on wheat. Eventually your empire will build up enough farms but like so many other issues in the game it feels very unnecessary to use it in this fashion.Early on you will unlock the dock, which opens up a side mission which appears to be designed for gods who are waiting on their village to build out and have nothing else to do. By clicking on the dock a side game will open up where you can 'sail' to islands. At each island will be a sort of a Godus style puzzle where when you click begin you will have to guide your followers to the objective as quickly as possible. Get them there fast and you get a higher score, get a higher score and you get better cards. The side missions are a bit bland and boring and you're constrained again by the mobile mechanic of limited resources. I went once, did a couple of islands and quit never to return again. All this area of gameplay is is a time dump. Yawn.The Ugly:There is no disguising it, this game was developed first and foremost as a mobile game. Everything points to it, from the strained resource mechanic requiring time for recharges, to the slightly sloppy controls on PC - which would surely work better on mobile. The most obvious thing is the gem mechanic which is really what I have the most trouble with. It was clearly designed as a pay mechanic to speed up gameplay on the mobile side, but it doesn't translate well into the PC version at all. You don't have to pay for the gems in the PC versions for obvious reasons - you have to pay for the main game. I feel like perhaps the better approach would have been to release this as a free to play game and just keep the gem pay scheme so it doesn't feel as awkward as it does. If you listen to the game developer commentary as you play the game and unlock mechanics, you will hear them harp on about how cool the gem mechanic is and how important it is but honestly most of the time it just felt awkward and out of place in the world. I was often sacrificing nearly all of my  villagers to get gems (the only way currently to do so to my knowledge) just so I could keep playing. Where in Black & White I was looking out for and taking care of my villagers - I find myself just simply murdering all of my people in Godus just so I can keep playing. It's bad, real bad.Unfortunately about 40 hours in I found myself tired of the issues explored above and also the bugs, which are fine as the game is still currently in beta - these are expected to happen. If you can get the game at a large discount and you're a big fan of god sim genre games then by all means you should pick it up and throw some hours into it. Perhaps it will be improved at that point. For right now, I have to say I would not make the purchase again knowing what I know now.5/10"
,Not Recommended,232810,16723545,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,SgtTupelo,I played this game unhealthy amounts when I got it. Then I got bored. Now I checked back after like year or two and NOTHING has happened. Nothing! How can I recommend something like this? I can't.
76561198006660007,Not Recommended,232810,13669895,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Fengor,"The promises of this game were lofty, and almost too good to be true. Turns out they were too good to be true, oddly enough in true Peter Molyneux fashion.We were promised a proper PC god game, and instead what we got was a Freemium mobile game which charged people to test it on PC. Though there are no microtransactions in the ""PC version"" of the game, the game is a copy/paste job of the Freemium mobile version. This game is designed to prevent you from progressing so as to force mobile players to pay money to progress, and that design philosophy simply doesn't work on PC where people have bought the game outright.Don't buy into their promises of now being able to fix the PC version with the mobile version out, because they've already said that fundamental changes to the game's systems are no longer possible with the mobile version out; since both games are meant to have interconnected play with each other. This game will not be getting any better than it currently is.I bought into the hype hook, line, and sinker when this first hit early access, and it taught me the valuable lesson to never buy an early access game again. I wasted my money on this; don't waste yours as well."
76561198036373944,Not Recommended,232810,19387726,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,wRenn,"Crap! This game is bound to give you buyers remorse. All the promise and nothing subustantial. Aside from the increased dislike I have for Peter Molyneux everytime he tells another filthy lie. Fable used to be my favorite series until he sufficated that creation as well. I have absolutly nothing good to say about this game, it does not work."
,Not Recommended,232810,14342079,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Shiria13,"What a watse of money. I doubt I'll ever get anything from this company or it's creator again.Edit 12/28/2015-- Everytime I look at or even think about this game and what it was supposed to be compared to what it is now, it just makes me furious and depressed."
,Not Recommended,232810,13934934,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Zenn,Still waiting for an update to make the game not suck...
,Not Recommended,232810,9739404,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,MrPaladin,"This game was initially designed and backed as a PC game.It is swiftly becomming a game designed for mobile with quite obvious Pay to Unlock type features and timed events.This game is still in early Beta (50%) and there is hope the dev may change, but seriously consider your purchase if you are on a PC."
,Not Recommended,232810,12574157,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,terminalinsanity,"Bought this game because i was a huge fan of Black&White. Its not black&white at all. Spend hours clicking on all the abodes to collect belief, that you'll spend in 2 minutes while you reshape a tiny portion of the landscape. The game knows this is the case, which is why the game itself recommends you constantly do other things when you run out of belief to do what you want.You'll spend most of your time with upkeep after the storms start coming... and the devs act like thats a good thing, since you've run out of belief and cant do anything else."
,Not Recommended,232810,20074991,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Hello Gandalf,"Where to start? if the previous reviews haven't already discouraged you...If you buy this game you will directly fund bad developers. This is the game that has killed early access for me. I dearly hope there aren't any more studios that function like this.The point of early access and betas is that you can get feedback about bugs and some direction where you target audience want you game to go. This was mostly ignored. Bugs were largely ignored. Each update seemed to lack the features the players bought the game for under the promise of their implementation, and instead came with a bunch of features that noone knew about until patch day. They flat out lied, to get their funding.Patches began to slow, game was only completed on the mobile version. You can guess the rest.TDLR; do NOT fund this fraudulent studio, gamers deserve better"
,Not Recommended,232810,9668919,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,GateKeeper,"At this point, I am regretting purchasing Godus. The tech resource ""stickers"" are too sparce, the interface is obviously designed with a touchscreen in mind, and the game proceeds far too slowly.It feels like it's intended to be a pay-to-proceed game, along the lines of something you'd get ""for free"" on the google apps store or itunes. Sure, you can technically play those games without spending any money, but you very quickly reach the point where the necessary resources to proceed are few and far between, a sort of soft wall between the freely available content, and the rest of the game.And that is /exactly/ what it feels like around the point where you become able to unlock the Farming settlements. At that point, play has come to a near halt, and it'll be hours, if not days, before you can make any progress.What a disappointment."
,Not Recommended,232810,14456977,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Anticlause,"I bought Godus when it first launched on Steam (about a year and a half ago at this point). Initially I was not super blown away by it, but saw the potiential in it. There was a lot of promissed content, and yes, it was made clear that it was not yet in the game. This content all looked good, the game looked on track, the devs were active about talking about the game and their schedual.But it was all just talk, and the game has seen now real progress. A lot of dev blogs are posted, they talk about what's going on, but there's never any progress in the game.Since I started playing there have been many ""major"" updates, unforunantly these updates have just been them scrapping a lot of what they had, trying to reimpliment their ideas, but just making the game more tedious. There's honestly been very little ACTUALLY added since I first started playing, even though they keep uping their ""% of game done"" in the launch screen. I've gone back time and time again, giving the game chance after chance, but it's still a deeply flawed mess that the devs refuse to acknowledge. They keep spouting off about what's going on, and how they'll get to this new feature then everything will be great...Please, do not buy this game, the information on the store page is very inaccurate, and it's development has been very dead for so long."
76561198035915202,Not Recommended,232810,8771213,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Blackjack010,"EDIT for Version 2.0.:As far as i can tell, the basic game is STILL the same. Less clicking, of course, i give you that 22cans. But most of the other bad mechanics are still there:1. Cards are now Stickers, obtained in the same way as before, working the same way as before.2. Belief takes horribly long to generate and you can't sculpt land without it.3. I still have to click or hold and slide over every belief-bubble hovering over the huts of my followers to collect it, instead of just having a constant number of belief rising my belief counter like every other Real-time-game! That's game standard, dear developers.There is more to criticise because I only played about half an hour of Version 2.0, but I still hope it gets better. (And it is better than previous versions, as far as I can say, so the potential is there.)I still do NOT recommend to buy this game in its current state, but it is only 49% done, so keep it up, 22cans.UPDATE for V2.0:Although they had fan-feedback and 5 months of time:Only little difference to previous versions,slightly changed graphics and the pay-to-play-structure is still obvious.For myself, I do not like the new journey-feature that replaced the previous battle-feature to obtain stickers, but I think they should completely get rid of this sticker-unlock-nonsense and put in a traditional ressource-gathering system that would give villagers a purpose automatically.But on the other hand, the basic gameplay is kinda fun and who doesn't like to be a god, although a lesser one at the moment, and rule over big settlements?OPINION for CURRENT Version 2.01:Do not buy if not frust-resistent, but hey, now I believe that it could become a good game if they work hard on it.Original Post:I expected this game to be good, at least some kind of Populous-The Beginning 2.0, which would have been very nice.If YOU expect that too, DO NOT buy this game in its current state.I hope it gets better soon (maybe they should fire Peter Molyneux - Ingame shop, fuuuuu.-,-)At the moment it is more like a building place - and dirt moving simulator, the bad sort, of course.Digging, click, click, click, click, yeah, enough space for a small house,click, click, click, yeah, villager builds house,click, click, click, oh, another chest discovered,click, click, nice, a new card, now i only need another 14 ♥♥♥♥ing CARDS to unlock a new technology!!!The lack of possibilities to interact properly with your villagers and their total apathy when confronted with your ""powers"" made this game really annoying after some time, despite this, villagers also lack of any kind of intelligence, beeing only puppets in this big ""I make everything flat to build as much houses as i can""-game.The biggest problem are not the clickediclick-orgies, it is the fact that neither the world nor its inhabitants seem to have any life to care or speak of and that makes the game feel kinda soulless.Please, 22cans, kick out the stupid cards or at least implement the feature properly, give your villagers a backstory and emotions and make me feel like my decisions and actions really matter more than burning trees, flatten lands and crushing stones.Sincerely, a disappointed gamer"
76561197993797203,Not Recommended,232810,18137290,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,LeoTehJester,"It was a really great game when it started, then it suddenly turned into some sort of hybrid pay to pay more on the PC that was ported to an touch device then ported badly back to the PC. From a great start to a terrible end."
,Not Recommended,232810,12294369,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Jester,"If you're a Black and White fan, RUN.The game is clearly geared towards tablets and mobile for starters. Which means it might be fun to play while you're at the doctors office, but if you're expecting any complex, challenging, exciting interactions you're out of luck. Basically all you do is drag around the landscape to make flat land so you're little followers can build cube houses automatically. The novelty of that wears off in about 20 minutes and there's NOTHING to do while they build except get stickers. You just sit there with your thumb up your♥♥♥♥♥watching a timer count down 3 minutes to build 1 house. What fun. Even if you wanted to continue sculpting you can't, because you need belief to do it, and no followers means no belief. It takes ages to generate belief too, I sure love waiting 10 minutes so I can finally drag the ground around a little bit more woo!Even after you're far into the game it doesn't get much better you dont get to throw rocks, fireballs, trees or anything like that. Best thing you get is a meteor strike. The most insulting thing of all is these silly limitations put on you! You're a god for crying out loud. Want to build a town center? Nah, brah you need 50 premium gems. And all the waiting... waiting... waiting... Might as well be called waiting simulator. What fun does it add to make me wait 10 minutes to expand the terrain in a SINGLEPLAYER game? What does that add? Nothing... frustration is about it.I bought this game a looonng time ago with early access, hoping it could be something great. They haven't done a whole lot since. They overhauled a boring beta to have a slicker interface and a happiness meter! Added a few tid bits for the late, late game. This is months, and months, we're talking about here. What the hell are you guys doing?In summary this is one of those games that wants you to play for 10 minutes, leave it for 6 hours so you can play it for 10 minutes again. It's boring, repetitive and not very Godlike. All you do is wait, sculpt, build, wait, sculpt, and build. As a B&W fan, I feel abused. This isn't a God game, it's a sleep aid."
,Not Recommended,232810,8006363,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,xcq1,"I got lured in by a video about Peter Molyneux's latest title where other names were dropped like Populous and Minecraft (granted in world size comparison only - but you'd imagine the creative abilities immediately). They put extra hard work in the shaping tool, because you gonna use that often, he said.An experienced designer, a proven and tested game idea, what could possibly go wrong? At the time I was a little disappointed in the lack of freedom in Reus. Yay, I thought, Godus to the rescue.Do NOT make the same mistake I made. Despite it's only 40% or so finished, this is just another one of those F2P titles (Itemshop coming soon) where your main objective is to pave the entire map with the houses of your people to get to the next level. To build more houses.Did I mention you have to CLICK LIKE A BILLION TIMES and your houses do only occupy like half of the available space anyway. Places and sizes are practically decided for you. Not to mention after several hours of play everything takes like forever to build. All you can do is wait and NOT play the game. Which would have been a wise decision in the first place.I cannot decide what's the worst part about it: The lousy A.I. that is represented by the replay of some pathetic chat messages, or the shaping tool. Yeah, the one that was worked on so ""hard"". It never sticks to where it should, sometimes does nothing at all, all it does is waste believe so you have to click some more.You can't make stairs automatically, which is annoying, and the pathfinding of your guys is usually too dumb to find the stairs anyway.Try giving the shaping tool to a professional 3D modeller and see how well he likes it. If it was me, personally I'd like to smash my keyboard on anyone that suggested this ""tool"" for any serious creative work. It's just wasting your time and resources, as per the objective of any stupid browser game.I seriously wonder how you can sink so low - is it just to make money? What are they coming up next; a game where all you can do is click-destroy millions of cubes? - oh wait...All in all: HUGE DISSAPOINTMENT. STAY AWAY!!!"
,Not Recommended,232810,17943287,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,JDeluxe,"Okay, let's be honest.I put quite some hours in the game, going all the way back to september 2013.In the beginning, I had high hopes, refreshing concept, some kind of 'going through history-Populous'-mix, go on.That all changed when I saw how much they changed the focus to the free to play mobile app. At that moment, I felt terrible that I ever bought this game. Okay, there are no in-game purchases, and okay, the building does go a lot quicker,  but apart of that, we PC-players that payed for the game get exactly the same content as the free-to-play mobile players?That just sucks, sorry to say it.At the given moment, I have little hope that this game ever becomes what Peter Molyneux promised it to be. (He left the project btw, nice detail.)I'm really sad that a game with such high expectations can get so low.At the given state, don't buy the game, if you really want to play it, play the mobile version instead, almost exactly the same, just with microtransactions.I do hope from the deepest of my heart that this game is going to be saved, I really hope it's going to be the game all the fans want it to be, but there is still a long way to go.In its current state and with the free-to-play mobile version that is almost exactly the same, I would say: buy this game in sale if you really want it, but be aware it still has a lot of unused potential.Score: 4/10 I guess"
76561197996595835,Not Recommended,232810,14553755,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,GreatRumbler,"This game is not finished. This game will never be finished. And the content that is available isn't even good, it's dull and repetitive. Don't waste your money or your time on this garbage."
,Not Recommended,232810,13117468,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,RedaBook,Feels like a shell for a pay to play mobile game.
,Not Recommended,232810,12329035,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Włodi,"Repetitive and boring, if somewhat relaxing at the start. This is basically a free-to-play mobile game with some minor changes to accommodate the paying PC player."
,Not Recommended,232810,16887256,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Hurfatygnos,"A damn shame about this game, but it was only made because large numbers of people believed Peter Molyneux's trademark tall tales. It's not that he lied and hoodwinked us. We and he participated in a shared delusion.Godus is bereft of gameplay. It's bereft of everything, really. There's no strategy, no morality for your followers, no sense of power for the player. There's no technological development either. Instead of these things, we have a cheap♥♥♥♥♥grindgame for tablets in which you monotonically plonk down hut after hut, for no reason or reward. In the course of that, you have to sculpt the land, but that mechanic is as buggy and unsatisfying as the endless hut sprawl which it precedes.On the other hand - and it's a very small hand compared to the massive fist of &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥gameplay"" that punches you in the nuts -, the challenges are a bit fun. You take 20-30 of your followers into a pre-made archipelago and have to guide them from A to B on each island, sculpting the terrain to flatten hills, navigate mazes, and avoid giants. I wouldn't give my left kidney for it or whatever, but it's by far the high point of the game."
,Not Recommended,232810,14815177,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Gentleman Mouse artist,"I just want to start off by saying, The fun factor of this game IS there.  If it was not for the epic scale PR issue, this game would probably be in ALOT better shape then it is.This game currently as it stands has alot of endearing casual god esc mechanics, akin to a lesser version of Farmville.Once you learn the mechanics and the tricks, the ""grind"" everyone hates douse become alot less of a hassel then you would think.My problem is a problem of content.  The game as it stands is very Linear.They have a sudo case of diversity in the game's tech tree as it stands, but there is an obviouse singular way to go about it; with only a few abilities truely being optional.Should they fix this One major problem, the game could be quite fun in a casual way...  that said, the comunity who innitial bought it were lead to believe that it was something else, so thats another issue in its self."
,Not Recommended,232810,8167090,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,scabbycakes,"(Game is Only 41% Complete, so it's a pre-release review)Nice to look at but unless they drastically change the game mechanics, I definitely can't recommend it.The game is spent pushing away layers of earth to either flatten the ground so your villagers can build things on flat terrain, or else pushing away dirty to expose a relic that allows you to push away dirt more efficiently.  You have very little control over anything, and you're repeatedly forced into faked multiplayer matches with the computer where you have to push away dirt the fastest.With about 60% of the game to still be made, they have plenty of opportunity to drastically rework the game though and it *could* be good if they introduce more creative tools other than landscaping."
76561197978093507,Not Recommended,232810,15194049,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Spazweetod,"The game is boring and maby only worth 2 or 3 bucks at this point. The potential for this to be a micro transaction app is disgusting. The game is at 53% done and if these are the core mechanics I cannot see it getting any better. You get no sense of being a God, Black&White did this better but not fully, and the powers you do get feel forced and confined.This game is a joke. The team can't even get a fully fleshed out game done and they spend time on wasteful holiday updates. How about focusing on finishing the game. I will never buy another peter molyneux game in my life, I am tired of his lies and false promises. Every game he developes is like a dream torn away at the last moment, false promises and poor games make a good developer not. Peter, I used to feel bad for you when you got called a liar in print, no more, you are exactly as they portray you. No more apologies just finish this game and leave."
,Not Recommended,232810,14762658,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Gebruiksvoorwerp,Horrible kickstarter cashgrab that broke all of its promises and abandoned its backers in favour of the mobile gaming market.
76561197989298928,Not Recommended,232810,20191080,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Ilunae,"No updates for a year, less content than the free android/iphone version."
76561198024283089,Not Recommended,232810,22909785,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Fyste,"Unlike the devs on this, I'll keep it simple.* Graphics are really slick and easy on the eyes.* Annoying sounds.* Annoying landscaping features.* Annoying upgrade system.* Annoying ""pop the bubble"" to gain devotion systemYep guys and gals, this game is simply, unequivocally and purely annoying. I've tried three times to get engrossed, get with the programme, get the vibe and all I've done is get more annoyed. 5,702 other negative reviews can't all be wrong, right? Devs? You out there?I've tried so hard to like this game I was worried the effort might give me an aneurism. I'd rather chew glass than keep trying to like this game. Godus, goodbyeus..."
,Not Recommended,232810,20249325,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Thoran,"The game had great promise. Unfortunately in its current state it is boring, unfinished and probably will never be completed. Save your money and buy another game."
,Not Recommended,232810,14187432,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,pragmatism,"This game had such lofty goals and failed to deliver on basically all of them.I was so confused when I saw Godus on the app store, I went and checked steam again but this game was still in early access. What does that tell you..... they have no desire to actually turn this into a real game because the freemium model is already raking in cash on the mobile platforms.Please, don't feed them more."
76561197975739756,Not Recommended,232810,16301545,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,mournnblade,"it's 2 years later and essentially nothing has changed... key personel in the company that were working on the game left because their contracts were not renewed, and insider whispers are that nobody is working on it anymore... the company denies that, yet nothing has been added or changed.  Instead, they started making yet another microtransaction laden game for IOS, which, not only tries to push you to spend real money, but also has an obnoxious character that gets in your way frequently to try to get you to watch advertisements.  22cans... you are dead to me!below is my original review... everything mentioned in it still applies.  do not give this company money!given the pace of developement for this game I don't expect it to be finished in our lifetime.  it has a % completed number on the loading screen and that has gone up ONLY 4% in over a year! bought it last year, and while changes have been made and some things improved, very little as far as the goal of the game has changed.  the most effecient way to play is still to flatten everything... something they said they were trying to get away from... well... it didn't work.  belief is still far too slow to accumulate, and now it's even worse... It used to be that when you weren't in the game your houses still built and accumulated belief... now it all stops when you close the game.  Previously when you logged in you had all your houses full of belief for you to harvest and give you a nice boost to play with... not any more... if you are low on belief when you close the game you'll still be low on belief when you start it again.  as a result, the tedium is now much worse.  this could be fixed a bit if sculpting the land weren't so expensive and take hundreds of thousands of belief from you in minutes easily.Also, as a ""god"", you are the most pitiful supreme being ever imagined!  you make spaces for them to build buildings and farms, and eventually mines... then they can't even harvest those things themselves... you have to do that for them.  maybe this was an attempt to keep the player engaged but really, it just makes you the supreme farmhand.  your powers are pretty much useless most of the time, especially since you won't have a lot of belief to spare to actually use them regularly until you are about ready to go to the second world.  new voyages have been ""coming soon"" for many months now... someone needs to clue them in on what soon means.  the NPC rival tribe is a nuisance more than a threat and just forces you to waste more belief to kill them by using your finger of death or repositioning some archers... both of which cost the same amount of belief.  reaching milestones give you cards that you have to collect stickers to unlock... I unlocked the card with the milestone... why do i have to unlock it again with stickers?  early cards take a few stickers but later ones take far more... and of course the stickers are hard to get without spending gems.  gems are essentially free... you just have to be evil and sacrifice your people to get them easily, otherwise you'll never get enough.  and yes, gems are a setup for microtransactions... but because peter doesn't want a lynchmob on his door the PC version doesn't actually have the microtransactions... i.e. it's all built in to easily be added but there is currently no way to actually pay real money for gems.  that is a good thing in my opinion but we didn't give our money to his kickstarter to fund his microtransaction game for mobile phones which is essentially what he's done.  All in all the most fun I have had in the game is ammassing millions of belief until I have enough to rain meteors on my people non stop when I am completely bored of it..."
76561197981634765,Not Recommended,232810,14484574,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Deaghaidh,This is the poster child for why you should not buy early access games.  The only question is whether Molyneux is delusional or whether it's outright fraud.It's criminal to keep selling this at this point.
,Not Recommended,232810,16809892,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Variasam2,"A prime example of the pitfalls of Early Access, as well as crowdfunding in general.Cavalier developers breaking promises isn't new, but when somebody with such a vivid legacy of successes and achievements does it, the sting of those unfulfilled wishes is particularly harsh.What began as a barebones prototype, and in a lot of ways has remained exactly that, Godus has failed to cover any meaningful ground in its quest to become relevant in today's gaming market. Riddled with technical issues, plagued by unimaginative gameplay and marred by dull visuals, you'll rarely want to come back for more (if you ever came for any to begin with).A total shame, and by far the biggest black mark against Peter Molyneux's name to date.Do not buy."
,Not Recommended,232810,14108975,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Milo Jvrament-De-Fèr,"UPDATE AS OF 20/02/15Apparently, the failure of Molyneux and Godus has grown more and more popular in the last month. I believe these 3 articles might be interesting for anyone still convinced Godus is worth any money at all:http://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2015/02/13/peter-molyneux-interview-godus-reputation-kickstarter/http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2015/feb/13/peter-molyneux-game-designer-interview-godushttp://www.pcgamer.com/godus-designer-admits-kickstarter-promises-likely-cant-be-kept/Original review:I bought Godus around a year ago. Its simple and colourful graphics, the User Interface and the many various features intrigued me. However, as many users said, the game has been on early access for ages and there was more re-designing than actual improvement of the game.Many features were removed, some were later re-added, glitches regarding savegames occured and forced the user to restart from 0 - when it wasn't an update to mess up with it in the first place. Overall, what disappointed me the most is that 22cans has been playing with its fans for a while, giving an awful support which made me almost hate the game, and abandon it even before I received the (is there a pejorative of late?) reply. And as if that happened once, months after giving up with Godus I decided to get back to it, only to see that unrealistic features that I didn't even want (like the mixed and multiethnic people of a presumably paleolithic society??) were added. I begged for support and gave availability in case it was required to mod the game on my own to restore the caucasic-only population. I even explained my reasons, saying that it was good to add up races but that a player should get to pick which ones he wants and doesn't want - regardless the colour. The response I received (about 2 months later) was a copy&paste, and guess what? The writing was so bogus and automatic that it rang a bell in my head, I went checking the older email from my first ticket and they were identical!Apart from the lacking, dumb, and almost self-generated ""support"", the game itself is poor as I mentioned above. You can enjoy it maybe for about 20 hours in case you have little experience with God videogames (as the undersigned), then it gets repetitive and pointless. I suggest anyone wishing to play a game of this sort to rely on the comments of god-games enthusiasts/aficionados in order to find a way better (and likely older) one.To sum up: It seemed promising, but knowing that this game has been on early access for 16 months with little improvement, buying it at the moment would be a waste of money. DON'T LET THE VIVID COLOURS AND CARTOON-LIKE GRAPHICS TRICK YOU INTO PURCHASING. 22cans has probably hired good graphic artists in order to show off a slideshow of artworks that don't represent their game at all. Get the Maxim game SPORE instead if you really want to experience how it feels to be a God.Random features that should have been implemented (in my opinion):-Aspects allowing the player to personalise and customise his or her followers and their society (morphology or and climate of the starting area, building architecture, followers' clothing and so on)-A real objective in the game, whether you like a military, economical or diplomatic society (what is the point of building up a civilisation if there's no bloody warfare? Mind that archers were put in the game only lately and have little value in this sense anyway)-Diversification of the planet fauna and flora (they should have implemented animals and plants other than pine-like trees instead of different skin colours for your followers) You can check, for instance, any info regarding wildlife on the game's wiki. All of the issues I detailed above and below can be found here on the respective topics' pages.http://godus.wikia.com/wiki/Wildlife-A complex resource system which still doesn't exist at present, There is no hunting, there is no gathering, there is no fishing whatsoever. There aren't different types of metal or rock that you can collect. You may think I'm point out a stupid thing nobody cares about, but if managing multiple resources is just plain boring, why the hell do all the strategic games that I've played so far usually distinguish 4 types of resource the least? (Gems don't really count as a resource, it's a premium-like feat. you find in freemium cheap♥♥♥♥♥games)-I could continue, but the time I spent writing this objective review should cost 22cans the money I spent on their masterpiece, for anyone reading my thoughts on it will refrain from buying, hence reducing the negative popularity of this game and eventually saving the last slice of credibility the developers have left."
76561198051639309,Not Recommended,232810,14345683,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Tk.Gas,"You should not buy it! Even if it is on sale, it is not worth it. They lied to us, or at least Peter lied to us! He took our money to create a Mobile F2P game and invest the money to start another F2P game.It is a mobile phone game, with no goal. Just move land, expand and wait. You can try the game for Free on Android or iOS. And you will think, what will happen if i continue expanding my minions? Nothing, you just expand and expand, and trust me, I ""played"" a lot.· Customization?: Pay ""gems""! A disgusting way to cover the F2P mechanics on PC.· Creativity?: Just moving land and cleaning the landscape to create the more effective way of evolving: Flat worlds.· Strategy?: What?... Hmmm... Flat worlds again?· Decisions?: Three: Being Bad (More waiting), Being Good (Less waiting), Not playing (The Best option for not wasting your time on this sh*t)· Why are you rating so bad an Early Access game? It's not finished!: Because we have been waiting for at least 2 years, we gave feedback, we helped them with pointless Analytics, and they ignored us! They only care about the mobile players! :(We want our promised game or our money back! Please Steam do something!"
76561197987255865,Not Recommended,232810,15348172,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Powdered Toast Man,i never knew being a god could be so boring
76561197976419184,Not Recommended,232810,15666151,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Rolanbek,"Immensely disappointing. I am glad I supported this through early access, as the concept was very appealing. But the game will never be completed. I am sure you can read the press and watch the interviews, please do and just remember them if you see 22cans or PM pop up as a developer again."
76561198015436186,Not Recommended,232810,16616465,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Kanye West,"CRASHED AFTER GIVING IT A SECOND TRY AFTER HALF A YEAR. You know what. The person who commented made me want to try this again. 60 hrs on record, I mean there has to be something right? No. While trying to close this crashed piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥(mind you my pc is top notch) I am both reading forum posts and watching youtube videos of this game. AS I SAID IN MY PREVIOUS REVIEW, THIS GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥♥ NOT CRAP, IT'S♥♥♥♥♥♥ You want a more justificated review? OK!The game has been in early access way too long, and made way too little progress. Being a GOD has never been this boring. The sculpting aspect is the one thing cool about this game and it gets boring in 5 min to 2 hrs depending on how stupid you are.PROS: I GOT THE GAME CHEAP WHEN IT FIRST RELEASED.CONS: 1.I GOT THE GAME.2.IT COSTS 20 eur now, what the flying ♥♥♥♥!?3. It went freemium on handhelds.4. The most boring and deppressive GOD SIMULATOR of our time.I AM DONE! JUST ♥♥♥♥ING DONE! You know, i thaught that dayz was a fail of an early access. NOPE! IT'S FAN ♥♥♥♥ING TASTIC. so much proggress comparing to this. Now that I'm looking in to this, it looks like a straight up money grab scheme. I can't believe Peter Molineux was involved in this. WAS, because he has jumped ship obviously. I know i can't get a refund. the sculpting aspect got boring really fast for me ;). But I will say this. After ""The Lost Chapters"" the Fable games got ♥♥♥♥♥ier and ♥♥♥♥♥ier. I know why. Peter is going senile stupid. and this is the last straw. GET HELP! DONT BUY THIS GAME!!! AGAIN - ♥♥♥♥ YOU PETER! :)"
,Not Recommended,232810,18678483,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Kitty In Space,Bought back in 2013Not done yetYup another forever Early Access GameSo sad to see a game go down this dark path
76561198006776664,Not Recommended,232810,14547662,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,[BA] Sten,If you ever want to find out more about the person whos in charge of making this game just go read his interview with rockpaperscissors. The guy is a pathological liar. His old PR literally left him and many people whove worked alongside him have admitted that the project is just an utter mess. Steer clear this game will be completed in 2018 and wont have remotely half the features promised.Here is the link to the article:http://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2015/02/13/peter-molyneux-interview-godus-reputation-kickstarter/
,Not Recommended,232810,15819762,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,fear^fl,Can we get our money back now?
76561198024969139,Not Recommended,232810,13250541,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Nexarian,"WARNIG: very very early accessThis is a free mobile game being sold on steam for $20. I played it for a while (quite boring). Bugs I have encountered so far include a suprise permant crash to unplayable 5fps performance uppon earning a major achivement, and restarting your gameworld after an automatic patch.Recomendation:Go back to playing clash of clans.1/10"
76561198062930115,Not Recommended,232810,13680053,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,DG Dobrev,"Sadly, it is time to write my very first negative review. And before someone chastises me for my 3.5 game hours on steam, please note that this does not include my offline gaming time while I am travelling, cause this is the best time to wait and gather belief without being connected to steam. Sounds sad, I know.I was one of the first to back this game on steam, because I was absolutely enamoured by the idea of painting the world to your desires, helping your little citizens to grow, explore and expand. The idea for the game is great, but the development is not. And to add insult to injury, the devs actually noted in the initial release that the game is like 45 or 49% ready. This got me thinking optimistically - good, so it will be finished soon. 15 months later, the game hasn't progressed decently enough to merit a purchase.Stay away from it like it is a forest fire till they actually finish it. After that it may well be a decent experience. I know I had fun with it."
76561198070317841,Not Recommended,232810,14928343,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Publius Scipio Africanus,Disgusting. Definitely a scam.
,Not Recommended,232810,14007894,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Rowr,"6 months later this crap still wont launch on my laptop. From what I can understand it's not changed much from a pay2play mobile game tapfest anyway.Long time Peter Molyneux fan, but I'm feeling pretty goddam decieved as this was sold as a game that would follow the traditions and gameplay of his early classics like populous and black and white.Literally all they had to do was remake populous and that would of been enough to keep me (and everyone else) happy. Easily the most dissapointing thing i've ever invested in on early access/kickstarter and I invested in double fines space base df-9 so thats saying something."
76561198022461339,Not Recommended,232810,14607521,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Demonsunder,Abandonware
,Not Recommended,232810,20530229,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,👯🏻🥛🐸👌🏻KEK,We were lied to.
,Not Recommended,232810,12751650,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Black Cat,Incredibly dissapointing.  Did not deliver on what was promised.  Only real fun comes from calling down meteors and other disasters to destroy your civilization.
76561197970461162,Not Recommended,232810,12418795,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,maxlevel3k,"Godus: 13 months laterGodus is a LOT better than it was when it was first made available on Steam, but it still has a long way to go, and I'm not sure it's going to survive the trip.I will not expound on the soul-crushing gameplay issues that were rampant in version 1.x.x of the game, as many of them have been fixed. The issue now seems to be one of...waiting.I have never seen a game that requires quite this much waiting. You will not notice it so much in the first 10 to 20 minutes of play, but as the hours go on, you will find yourself collecting your belief, sacrificing your followers for gems, sending out builders to contruct new buildings, sculpting a tiny piece of your land, then realizing you have 45-60 minutes (!!!) to wait until you can do anything else, because you need to wait for more followers to spawn, more belief to generate, and for those buildings to finish contruction. Once, the game told me I would have to wait over A DAY for another farmer to spawn.In the developer commentary, they say that you should use this time to go ""treasure hunting"" or on voyages, but there is only one available (very short) voyage right now, and treasure hunting for stickers takes all of 5 minutes...if you have enough Belief to move the land around looking, and if you don't, you have to come back in a couple hours so it can generate.Compound that with the fact that ore takes five real-time hours to mine, wheat takes one real-time hour to farm, and some buildings take upwards of 20 minutes to contruct, and that is AFTER the speed-build card has been unlocked. I wonder if by the time we reach the space age, the shuttle will take 10 real-time years to build! When it comes to belief, the larger buildings only generate it once every several hours. The smaller buildings make it faster, but they make so little that you end up waiting just as long for it to generate several times so you have enough to actually sculpt something. I often found myself doing everything I could, minimizing the game, then doing something else for an hour or two, just to re-open the game, do my ""chores"", and minimize it again.If the ridiculous wait times were removed, I think Godus would be a lot more fun, but it would still be a very shallow game. It feels skinner box-ish, and there is a real lack of any need for strategic thought. It doesn't really matter where or how you build your settlements, where those wheat fields or mines go, or just how often you sacrifice followers, just as long as you have enough belief to place a swamp in the Astari camp so they all drown when they try to party.Godus as it stands now is little more than a web-browser game that was obviously designed with a pay-to-not-wait mechanic in mind, not unlike Farmville. It's playable in its current state, but only for 15 minute windows among hours or days of waiting."
,Not Recommended,232810,12538162,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Marsh,Avoid this game.It's basically just a pay to win cell phone game now.
76561198079367936,Not Recommended,232810,17140638,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Faydens,"I spent quite a bit of money on this game. It was decent, and I thought, give it time it will get better. They made a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mobile game and then turned the PC game into the mobile game. PC games are structured different from mobile games for a reason Peter."
76561198080076366,Not Recommended,232810,18817506,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,PeteyD,Another early access cash grab. There's no progress on the development of the game. This is why I no longer support early access.Steam should add a money back policy to early access if the developers don't deliver.
,Not Recommended,232810,14435624,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Seafort,"An unfinshed game from a once great developer, Peter Molyneux.Don't waste your money on this scam development studio."
,Not Recommended,232810,13858026,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,myblindy,"It's a scam, pure and simple."
,Not Recommended,232810,18394979,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Adams,This game is a crap and Molyneux should be considered a fraud. It sad that such legend as him has ended making such rubbish and cheating people.
,Not Recommended,232810,12567925,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,FuzzyLogic,Can't even be arsed to write an actual review. Wasted enough time waiting in this program to turn into a game.
76561198098090251,Not Recommended,232810,13904066,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,CrazyViking,do not buy unless facebook games are what you like.
76561198007389877,Not Recommended,232810,15248356,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Pieface,"This game has no purpose or clear aim, and was sold on wild dreams prophesied by peter molyneux. You already know this but, dont buy this game."
,Not Recommended,232810,20134581,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Voltage,This is 10% suck20% skill15% concentrated power will5% pleasure50% painand 0% reason to purchase this game
,Not Recommended,232810,15665498,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Fooshie,"It used to be a little fun, but it never quite did it for me. The controls are wonky and it feels like I'm playing a bad board game. It's a neat idea, just exectued very poorly. Evidently a mobile game port as others have said. DON'T DO IT! DON'T BUY IT! You know what you should go buy instead for 20 dollars? Go buy that one movie you really liked that you never got around to buying. Take your boyfriend/girlfriend/husband/wife/mom/dad out for a cheap dinner. Go see a movie with a friend and get popcorn. Go buy 5 king sized candy bars. Those are all WAY better experiences than this. I feel like the other negative reviews state very well what's wrong with this game. I don't want to type it. There's a lot."
,Not Recommended,232810,20555058,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,zechdc,I bought this game over 2 years ago... it is still in the early access stage. Was really hoping for something more.
76561197993006518,Not Recommended,232810,12540491,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Shepherd,"It looks like this game was put on steam simply to garner more money and to help them test it for it's release on mobile devices. It's entire premise is you need to wait an hour for ""belief"" to accumulate so you can play - and on the mobile versions you can spend real world money to get belief!Unfortunately this obvious and wide spread mechanic for in app mobile purchases doesn't translate to the PC. They may even in the benevolence remove the shop from the game... but the game is still utterly unplayable, requiring you to wait for hourse to improve your village... with no end point appart from making things more expensive and requiiring more belief.Don't support these developers."
76561198044095905,Not Recommended,232810,15193050,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Xethik,"An abandonned game by Peter M. 22cans doesn't think they can meet any of the promises and have pretty much abandonned the PC port for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mobile game. To be fair, I should have noticed that when they first released the game. Everything was on timers from day one which should have been an obvious warning sign since PC games do not have farmville timers (thank God!). PLEASE REMOVE THIS TRAVESTY FROM STEAM! Just looking at it is an insult to the people who got ripped off from the Kickstarter and Early release.TL:DR Creator abandonned the game, devs don't care, mobile game money grab from the beginning DON'T BUY."
,Not Recommended,232810,19635108,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Nevermore,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
,Not Recommended,232810,8625447,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Helvite,"Takes way to long for updates to come, and its really buggy. For instance the Expansion Shrines which does not work half the times.But the game has potential to be awesome, but for now.. No i would not recommend buying this game for 18,99."
,Not Recommended,232810,18898609,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Kythas,"I bought this game back in 2013 when it first hit early access. I was excited because I've love Peter Molyneux games in the past and this one looked intriguing.However, after playing for a few hours, I got bored. I came back every few months to see if anything had changed, and it seems to only be getting worse.Now they're changing it into a mobile game with an in-game store. Forget it. I won't be coming back to this turd."
,Not Recommended,232810,13601449,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Glenn Danzig,"This game used to show promise. That was before the indroduction to gems. The gem system, like many mobile games, basically means, you can wait a long time for an action to be completed, or you can spend gems. In these mobile games, gems are usually scarce. Most of the time, you can buy them through an in app purchase. This is an infuriating system. There isn't an option of buying gems in Godus on pc though. The only option is to earn them, which is difficult, or, wait. I ♥♥♥♥ing paid $20 dollars for this game. I want my money's worth."
,Not Recommended,232810,22840584,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,caribou48,Broken promises. Lies .Do not buy this game
76561197989272901,Not Recommended,232810,12514602,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,menz,The great Populous idea killed by boring and meaningless gameplay.
,Not Recommended,232810,17245397,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Squat500,"I VERY rarely write a negative review. It takes an extreme level of stupidity or lack of care to make me do so. EA is well known for this, as well as Ubisoft lately.I, yet again, need to criticize this game and the developers. I LOVED Black and White, 1 and 2. Played them a lot... Suffice it to say, too much.This game will never compare. In their latest review, they are essentially throwing out cop outs as to why they ""cant do things right"" as they said. The admission was that the game was written without certain things in mind. Like what? Being usable? Have a few soldiers? Players actually wanting a game that works for more than a few hours without game breaking crashes?This has been a major failure, and despite some great hope I had in the beginning, this piece of crap needs to EITHER die or be rewritten from scratch. No more ""fixes"" at this point. YOu can only shine♥♥♥♥♥♥so much. And this thing, holds no shine yet.All I have to say to 22CANT....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561198030295638,Not Recommended,232810,8750135,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,MertThePIMP,They havent patched this game since september or october
76561198016049213,Not Recommended,232810,8987903,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Doublejack,Terrible!!!!! DO NOT BUY!!!!!No updates.... no respones from 22cans and Steam keeps deleting all the negative posts about this game.
76561197969898588,Not Recommended,232810,12518688,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,shadow_otm,"With over 60 hours played... I cannot reccomend this game.  It has a lot of gating that prevents progression.  You could say this is a form of extending content... like a mini-game that requires a level of random luck to the point that a 5 minute mini game is 5 hours of frustration: aka not a good thing.  Collecting stickers is a lot less about fun and more about ""I need these... and I need way more of these the longer I play.""  Voyages are a crutch at best.  None of them are as fun as conflicts/battles of an earlier build were.For being an all powerful diety it takes forever to do anything, especially shape land.  The limits and costs on land shaping are a barrier even late in the game.  It makes you feel less all powerful nad more like someone forced to do tedious tasks over and over for the sake of people that don't often seem too thankful and already need you to tell them to do anything for them to actually do anything.Best played in short stints if you do buy."
,Not Recommended,232810,17449212,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,ryktech,Boo. This game has seen none of the promised progress that it's potential promised. It has stayed the same boring time-waster that it started as. Do not buy.
,Not Recommended,232810,17638849,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,The Dick Snatcher,I remember when this was supposed to a massive multiplayer god experience. BOY WAS I SURE FOOLED. Thanks Peter for lying to all of us that bought it expecting an actual game.
,Not Recommended,232810,13116732,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Tormund Giantsbane,Do you like clicking? Because this Click Simulator 2014 will blow your mind!
76561198067637110,Not Recommended,232810,17878720,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Hardy911,DO NOT BUY! The game has been abandoned. DO NOT BUY!
76561198073908528,Not Recommended,232810,15850690,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Vimes,"Dont bother, it's not as fun as it sounds"
76561198039611961,Not Recommended,232810,13185257,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Masamune,22 cans misses the whole point of being a god...
76561198097628384,Not Recommended,232810,16998653,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Razzmatazz,It is far from realising the promises from Kickstarter and Early Access. Do not even think about getting this tech-demo.
,Not Recommended,232810,14155406,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,SnakeOnMyBoat,IT IS♥♥♥♥♥♥DO NOT BUY
76561198004928262,Not Recommended,232810,14553645,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Dale,Godus has been abandoned. Once again Peter Molyneux promises the world and delivers a disappointing game. Stay far away from this scam.
76561198013058748,Not Recommended,232810,18389329,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Jouwar,Early access disaster defined
76561198045625752,Not Recommended,232810,15894480,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,NoX86,Terrible terrible terrible terrible. Shame on you for bringing this thing into the world.
,Not Recommended,232810,16776060,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Zengury,You talked and talked and talked...and wrote and wrote and wrote... and I waited and waited and waited... and dissappointed.
76561198031246716,Not Recommended,232810,9095529,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Blondie,"F2P Mobile Cow clicker. Havent been updated in 4 months, and no feedback from developers. Just check out its steam forum, its a big dissapointment.Bryan Henderson the 21-year-old chap who won 22 Cans' much publicized Curiosity mobile game challenge, which the company's founder Peter Molyneux promised would feature a ""life-changing"" prize. Henderson was told he would be named ""God of Gods"" within 22 Cans' strategy game Godus' multiplayer world. This grand title would come with a royalty check from the game's revenues, starting from the beginning of his reign.In the months since then, Henderson has received nothing. Godus' multiplayer component has not even been implemented. The game, which raised $750,000 on Kickstarter, has failed to meet the targets its backers were promised.22 Cans' forums and Kickstarter page shows hundreds of messages from fans demanding refunds. Why? Because they paid for something and it hasn't been delivered. Because Molyneux has clearly handed off the project to a reduced internal team, while he looks at something new."
76561198131729500,Not Recommended,232810,22818004,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,The Omnisis,"Worth 15 bucks...  but barely...(as long as they stop trying to add paywalls and microtransactions like they tried to weasel in at one point... This isn't worth microtransactions, Peter thinks his game has more value than what reality dictates)....For how long Godus has been developed, it seems VERY unfinished.... There is a LOT missing in order to call it a game... I think Peter bit off more than he is capable of swallowing... No rival AI worth a damn.... It's one sided... It gets old and boring fast without an adequate threat.... Populous was awesome and well designed... This could be like that game, but it's just not at the moment... Random raiding parties to fend off with a couple feeble god powers (more annoying than anything)... The archers (the only other defense) are worthless... There is no enemy rival God trying to raise, protect, and defend his own tribe(s)... The limited sculpting drag length gets annoying and tedious fast... I honestly hate having to manipulate land at all... It would be nice if buildings didn't need totally flat land to build on... Hillside building would be cool...Build Build Build for no other reason but to get bigger and Build some more... I'm not ready to absolutely hate it, but if it doesn't go more in the populous direction with rival enemy AI, then this is just going to be garbageThere is beggining structure for a potentially awesome God Game here, but from what I've read, this company seems barely holding its head above water... i wouldn't evpect this thing resulting in anything great in the endJUST MAKE A REALLY GREAT POPULOUS!!!!... Make an exact game as the original Populous with modern graphics and a little more added, like multi player, AND IT WOULD ROCK!!!.... Stop trying to get fancy and doing it as horribly as possible!!!! Populous was great.... this thing is NOT"
76561198065214307,Not Recommended,232810,8189885,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Drake,"To whom it may concern,This letter is regardind a ""game"" called Godus, sold on Steam. It's developer, Peter Molyneux, has misrepresented Godus. He lied about this ""game"" and it's content. Godus is nothing more than an app, that costs $20 on Steam. An app that is available on mobile for free. This app was developed with the money Peter Molyneux collected from kickstarters and Steam Early Access sales, all the while making false promises about what he would deliver.For Steam, I urge you to give refunds to any person who has bought into this scam called Godus. As none of the information on the store page says this so called game is availavle for free on mobile.Also, the advertising on the store page is false. Labeling Godus a God themed game is akin to labeling Farmville a Farming Simulator 2013. Just look at the player reviews posted on Steam, over 99% are negative. People had gone so far as to give this game a ""thumbs up"" and post a sarcastic review to highlight how ludicrous this app is and their dismay of realizing they were lied to.I don't blame Steam for this. However, please remember how you treated the community, your customers, when WarZ and Legends of Pegasus turned out to be disastrous games. Neither delivered gameplay as advertised. Steam has pulled those games from it's store and gave out refunds to their customers. I ask Steam to do the same with Godus. Godus does not belong on Steam store as it's a free to download mobile app, sold on Steam for $20. That is a disgrace.This is a Farmville type game, on PC. The development of this game is funded by PC version sales, mobile version has been released as a free to play game. It's a scam.This game is a sham. Google ""Peter Molyneux lies"" (developer) and read about all the times he had scammed the gaming community in the past.Added 02-16-14Also, the developers and forum admins plain out lied to the community. There used to be a ""There is no shop"" stickied thread on Godus forum. The thread quoted a promise by Peter Molyneux (owner, developer), not to have an in game shop. Forum moderator banned anyone who said otherwise or those who told of Peter Molyneux's history of lying to the public. They also banned anyone that pointed out all the game mechanics, indicating there would be a shop.Now that thread ""There is no shop"" has been deleted, and the shop for in game purchases has been announced by Peter Molyneux. Once again, going back on his word. He lied to the public, those who bought this ""game"" and the kickstarters.So don't believe a word of advertisement on the store page. Do a search of Peter Molyneux on google and see what comes up. An epitomy of a con artist.Look at the following Godus reviews for yourselfGamefaqshttp://www.gamefaqs.com/pc/719104-godusIGNhttp://www.ign.com/games/godus/pc-148566PC Gamerhttp://www.pcgamer.com/game/godu/Neoseekerhttp://www.neoseeker.com/Games/Products/PC/godus/Giantbombhttp://www.giantbomb.com/godus/3030-40919/N4Ghttp://n4g.com/channel/godusGametrailershttp://www.gametrailers.com/games/4r57fe/godusSupercheatshttp://www.supercheats.com/pc/godus.htmGameinformerhttp://www.gameinformer.com/games/godus/b/pc/default.aspxGamespothttp://www.gamespot.com/godus/"
76561198007263492,Not Recommended,232810,12297644,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Smaltz,LISTEN TO THE OTHER REVIEWS! This is a waste of money and time. This game plays like a mobile game and requires you to continually log in to do well. Buildings and upgrades are in real time and can take HOURS. Its entertaining for the first few minutes until buildings and upgrades start taking time and you run into this mobile game time funnel. Utter♥♥♥♥♥♥..
76561198080186155,Not Recommended,232810,19794352,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Dangerlurking,"Played the game in its very early stages figured ""hey this game is interesting maybe they will add more to it as time goes on"" here it is december 2015 and the game feels almost exactly the same"
76561198046776797,Not Recommended,232810,15169444,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Jizzmonkey,"Would DEFINITELY not recommentd this game - started out as such a good freebuild game with loads of potential, but as the game has ""developed"" it's steadily got worse and worse. Waste of time and money."
76561198053988784,Not Recommended,232810,17688422,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Stephen,They lied damn it! THEY LIED!
76561198001400367,Not Recommended,232810,15423446,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Killersmurf,"Its the same game from when I first invested. Its honestly one of the worst games I've played. The dev basically took the money, made a mobile game and ran. I would never recomend purchasing this game or any other from 22cans. As far as I'm concerned, this was fraud."
76561198024157489,Not Recommended,232810,14558862,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,procrast569,"The next installment in a series of broken promises from Peter Molyneux. If you're really interested, wait for the full release, if the rest of the features that are supposed to be in it are in it then wait till it goes on sale."
,Not Recommended,232810,13096498,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Valak Dhur,"Punishes you for not coming back every 12 hours to collect your belief and do something to make you villagers happy by having your villagers sucked away by an unbeatable enemy town and making it DAYS before u can breed those villagers back.Do not buy if you're expecting Populous or Black & White. Its a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of Farmville but with ""Gods"".Its a failure and a huge disgrace for the once great Peter Molyneux. Never again will i buy another game by him.Go back to Black & White 1 if u want the greatness that died long ago."
76561198107426948,Not Recommended,232810,13374859,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Matagreazy,Bought it when it first came out with high hopes. At the time I thought it was fun. But now I feel like they gave up on the PC version as shall I.
76561198019084472,Not Recommended,232810,18643488,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,stepan127,"Absolute trash, a scam by the developer. I was so hyped to play a chillout game while watching a movie on the second screen. this game is unplayable, has been completely reworked to make it MORE unplayable, now it's being reworked to become a MOBILE game to squeeze money out of any other suckers.Do not buy."
76561197963925371,Not Recommended,232810,9378260,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,MadSkullz,"This is a remarkable achievement.Peter Molyneux, father of the god-game genre, has managed to create a game which lacks almost all of the features and magic of the original.20 years later and this stale, sterile shitefest is dumped on the heads of anyone who still believes in his ability to inspire great game development. Avoid."
76561198019149389,Not Recommended,232810,13580213,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,madav1138,"Game is garbage, I don't even understand the design.  Its a game that should be on the iphone only.  Not worth $5, I would pay .25cents though.  This developer, as a well known one, is off his rocker...we are talking George Lucas senile."
76561198066132808,Not Recommended,232810,23347217,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Burrito.jpg,"I bought this game not long after its Alpha release, and loved it at the time. Understanding that it was in Alpha and didn't have much to offer, I took it for what it was going to be and was very excited. I got a few enjoyable hours of play out of it until I beat just about everything they had to offer.Then this game started to lose my favor- The updates that deleted my progress (multiple times) were the first, then the unbearable glitches that were worse than in the original testing phase. The game froze without warning and very frequently. Then finally, the biggest slap in the face to date- they released a fully functional FREE Ipad version, while the people patiently awaiting a complete PC release were left wondering why they paid for a broken game. Also, the new Godus Wars release came out, free to Godus owners- which would have been nice if the original game was complete. Did I mention the newest update doesn't even launch the game anymore? Literally unplayable.TL;DR, I bought this game when I started college in early release. I have completed an entire college education in the time it has taken this studio to get absolutely nowhere, and release other microtransaction titles in the meanwhile."
,Not Recommended,232810,12617407,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,[SG] Dark(mlogalbo)),"What a pile of horse♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dont buy it if you have any sense. Game Devs who were caught out by Peter should just quit and join someone else.I mean, what kind of a god is forced to pay money to progress without getting bored out of their ♥♥♥♥ing minds?"
76561197971341408,Not Recommended,232810,9183785,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Veusty,"No communication, no updates, they don't listen to the community, nor the backers. Big disappointment..."
76561197993606441,Not Recommended,232810,18361050,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Maniking,This game looked as promising as it was disappointing.
76561198115904571,Not Recommended,232810,14980490,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Empress,"DO NOT, buy this game. Whatever you do DO NOT buy this game. Its never updated it has screw all for content and you could probably find better in a fee mobile flash game."
,Not Recommended,232810,17135432,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Ryizine,"I honestly don't recommend this game. When first buying this, I had hoped it would turn out something similar to black & White 2 but it was absolutely abysmal. I miss the freedom of actually feeling like an all powerful god, and this game did not deliver. Don't buy it, save your money and instead invest in some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥cams so you can at least have the power to tell the cam chicks to do stuff."
76561198022034688,Not Recommended,232810,16420494,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Spooky Sandwich,"Every once and awhile I like to come back to this game to try and see if I can enjoy my self. I can't, this is one of the slowest boring games I ever played. It even feels lacking for a god game. I'm a GOD I should be able to do more but instead its an extremely slow game that you gotta pay for on Steam but is free on tablet devices. I know I can unlock more powers and skills or what ever to do more like better benefit my people or torture them but It's so slow, its like those tablet games where you build something then it makes you wait an hour. This is the only god game I ever played but I can safely say from seeing what other games like Black and White are, this is one of the worse god games out there. Don't bother buying this, if you to try it get it on a tablet like an iPad or something its free on the app store."
,Not Recommended,232810,7867635,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,kazuyette,Don't buy it yet. You'll be disapointed ...THIS GAME IS A SCAM !DO NOT BUY IT AT ALL !!!!more than 10 months after the initial release this excuse of a game hasn't moved a bit.I want a refund and I'm reporting this game to Valve for fraud.
,Not Recommended,232810,9014030,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Synaptic,Not fun. Not worth the price. No updates from dev team. Do not buy.
,Not Recommended,232810,14322980,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Otori,"I think this goes down as my worst purchase on steam to date,  I have always enjoyed Peter Molyneux games so it really pains me to say it, but this game is a far cry from anything entertaining."
76561198052252571,Not Recommended,232810,9015376,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,deadzoneternity,"Early access game that never gets updated. you basically spend 80% of the time clicking to get rid of the terribly mountainous landscape, and the other 20% of the time waiting for bubbles for you to pop and buildings to build."
,Not Recommended,232810,12484009,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,kraziy.k,"It's got an awesome design, visually speaking. It's very artsy — At least to me. I like the look. Sure it's not the latest & greatest graphically, but it's different, it's fun, and it's artistic. It feel appropriate for the type of game and the in game setting.But the game is boring. Not because it's slow but because it's overly repetative. Morph the land to build more and to earn more followers and then expand more, oh look a piece of treasure, now expand more land... inch by inch I might add. I'ts mind numbing, it's boring, it's slow.I don't honesly like leaving a bad review or a negative rating, let alone on a game that is still in Early Access, but it's just not there for me."
,Not Recommended,232810,14473174,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,"Shirt Off, Rifle Bursing","This game is the equivilant of someone discovering From Dust, taking out everything that made From Dust fun, and instead making 90% of the game mind numbingly boring. Do yourself a favor. Buy From Dust if you want a cool, ""god"", simulator where you can manipulate the enviroment. Much more satisfying; way more attractive visually, with an actual story that is beyond another ""player"" ♥♥♥♥ing around."
,Not Recommended,232810,15515202,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,DefectiveGummybear,Game was never finished all around disappointing.
76561197989942070,Not Recommended,232810,12513914,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Pandarama,"Consistently, update after update this it the worst Game I own.  Peter Molyneux is delusional and I can't believe he suckered me in to buy this monstrosity.  I only wish Steam had a sell game function on the marketplace.  I hate this game."
76561198043276941,Not Recommended,232810,15313947,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Cntarek,"Why? Why would you attempt to poorly remake Populace in a mobile game format with a weird, archain waiting system?  The whole sticker and card thing is meant for the mobile games 'cuz the power isn't there for anything better. The tarrain movement, while a neat idea, is imprecise and and wonky./rantYou guys don't have the right to say that as an in-dev game it will have iteration problems, ya'll are a bunch of professionals who've been in the industry long enough to know that these kind of problems make or brake games. There are far more problems with the game then the tings I have said, but those were my biggest gripes, and the inaccurate and wild tarrain movement system made most of those mission to grab more stupid stickers impossbile when the cursor selects the wrong layer, and/or makes the piece change its shape so dramatically that it will unceremoniously dump several followers into the water./endrant"
,Not Recommended,232810,9150290,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Nubnut,"Sim[ply put, don't buy anything with Peter Molyneux's name on it anymore. The days of Black and White are long gone and don't look here for a revival of it, this is merely a game mired in dissapointment and repetition."
76561198047496171,Not Recommended,232810,14428276,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,omegamatrix,"Spent $20 on a game made by a spurious dev with a history of screwing players over only to learn that Peter Molyneux made false promises on Kickstarter to get this ball rolling. More than a year past the guaranteed release date and no sign of completion of the game in the near future. If, on the off chance, that this game is somehow completed within the next 6 months, it will not be the game that I had spent my $20 on. To top it all off, what do we as the gaming community receive from the devs? ""Oops, sorry, we sure ♥♥♥♥ed that up, didn't we? We'll make sure we don't make the same mistakes in our next kickstarter project! Speaking of, please invest in our next kickstarter project. Did we mention we've got a new project on kickstarter?""Don't spend your money on this. The game is moderately enjoyable for 10-15 minutes at a time, but the lack of compelling gameplay mechanics, story elements, or anything at all to do with being a religious deity seriously limits the desire to continue playing this game. The devs should have made this a mobile game only, but how would they extort steam users into paying for it then?"
76561197986991105,Not Recommended,232810,23093427,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Dagoth Nick,"I used to have faith in Peter Molyneux. I know that seems like a joke nowadays, but it's true. I thought Fable the first was a charming game, despite it not living up to Molyneux's claims, and Fable 2 was fine. Black and White was a genre staple of god games, and Dungeon Keeper remains a fantastic game.I saw Peter Molyneux was returning to god games and was thrilled. A return to form after the massive disappointment which was Fable 3.I was wrong to believe him. I was wrong to have faith in him. I was wrong to trust anything Peter Molyneux says or does. Godus is not half of what he said it would be. It is not even a third, and it shows no signs of further development beyond the money-grabbing farce that is the cash-store-fueled combat game they put out instead of adding real combat to this game.I keep calling it a game, and I now feel perhaps that is too kind to it.Peter Molyneux is a liar and a fraud, and 22cans is a development studio of thieves and cronies. I can only hope the studio shuts down and Molyneux never releases another game, instead retiring to obscurity as he should have done instead of sullying himself with this shameful display.I award this game no points, and may God have mercy on its soul."
76561198024343400,Not Recommended,232810,17318955,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,zhannah422,Empty promises from a game that will never be finished.
,Not Recommended,232810,8500187,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Rex Talon,"If you're increadibly bored, and this game is on sale for 99% off, then buy it. Otherwise, wait until it's finished... and on sale... and you're bored."
76561198006489992,Not Recommended,232810,13735744,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Captain Australia,"I bought into this game quite some time ago, when it was still in early development.My decision was based on the idea of an update to the God-Game genre, I still fondly recall experimenting with the original Black & White when I was much younger - and I also quite enjoyed the sequel.At first glance I thought to myself ""uhhh, this looks like it might suck""(but, given that it was so early and there was practically no game there, thought I'd come back later)I keep checking in every few months, and even now (2014 is about to turn into 2015 thisevening), all I really have is a sense of vague disappointment and worry that the whole exercise is a waste of time.  I hope each time I check for some evolutionary change (heh, evolution in a God game)...... but each time I check, it just looks and feels .. lame.Sorry, a good piece of feedback should somehow quantify - and it's hard to sum it up.  Graphically and game-play wise, it just seems like a heavily scripted made-for-mobile experience.A God Game should give you a pale shadow of an impression of how it would feel to be an ultimate being.  People worship you, you protect/punish them, you stun them with the miraculous, you ... etc etcThis game, you just feel like some kind of disembodied structural world janitor.Sorry, every time I've booted up I've found it boring - and the card and progression concept to be actively painful."
76561198021086981,Not Recommended,232810,32837853,Posted: 26 June,all,Saranum,"This is a shameful example of exploiting customers trough a early access system.It's obvious that 22cans has written this game off, very early in the development phase.And of course as a victim of this fraud, you won't get any money back.Warning: This game will never be finished. All developers left and no one is there to work on Godus or Godus War anymore!"
,Not Recommended,232810,15332885,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,MapSimulatorEnthusiast,"Don't bother with this pile of garbage. Peter Molyneux is a known overhyper and swindler. I paid $20 for this a year and a half ago and its the same pile of unfun micro management garbage that offers absolutely nothing new to the god game genre. And its just kills me to look at the same terrible ui and visuals that have plagued this game since its inception. The developers have abandoned ship and Molyneux is too busy with the mobile version. I could have invested that $20 in far better indie games. MULTIPLE far better indie games.Who at 22Cans studios thought that the NEXT EVOLUTION of God games would be:*Continuously deform terrain for hours so that there is FLAT space where you can build houses.*Click your current houses so that your followers will go out and build houses on flat spaces, increasing population.*Continue to deform terrain so you can discover 'cards' that let you research new things.*Rinse, repeat, until you've unlocked all research, and rinse, repeat until your 'Civilization' looks a Rio De Janeiro ghetto that spans the entire world, is filled with huts on one side where you started, and manor houses on the other where your technology has advanced. Then realize the entire time you've been playing a glorified mobile time waster game where you wait for your houses to reach a certain time, then click on them to collect 'god power'. Then, wait until they're ready to be HARVESTED again, and click it again! OH BOY, SO MUCH FUN. I'M DYING FROM THE FUN. IT'S LIKE A PC VERSION OF FARMVILLE.HONESTLY, Black & White 2 was far more fun than this pile of garbage. Why didn't Molyneux decide to make a Black & White 3, and fulfil all the hyped up promises and features that he NEVER put in Black & White 2?Why Peter Molyneux or anyone at 22Cans could possibly think from the beginning that this monotonous, personality-less gameplay they developed could EVER turn into anything marginally fun to play is BEYOND me.Terrible from inception, and with the way the games structured now, theres no way it could ever be fun.I want my $20 back, but I know that'll never happen. And lets be clear here, I didn't buy this a month ago and now I'm freaking over the fact that the game hasn't changed entirely in a month. I BOUGHT IT ONE AND A HALF YEARS AGO.2/10Fun for the first 20 minutes."
,Not Recommended,232810,15873588,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Ryushe,"Echoing what many others have said in their reviews, this game is not worth it by a long shot. I was hopeful after playing for a bit when it was first released, but I haven't seen any real progress that actually delivers on any of the promises made by Molyneux and his team. It's all been a huge, huge disappointment."
76561198024938884,Not Recommended,232810,15983469,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,gg no re,"Just to start this off: This game is crap.When I bought the game about a year and a half ago, I was expecting a game type where I sculpted a world and played in a sandbox. What I got was nothing close to that. What I got was a game with no menu and no way to quit where I started on a sand island with a hut on it. Then I got a tutorial that said ""You gotz to keeps ur peeps growing and use cardz to move land!""The ""sculpting a world"" aspect of the game seemed like it was completely removed. I had to pop these stupid pink bubbles and get these points to use my powers. The bubbles gave me about 0.01 points each, and I could use about 5 seconds of my powers even when I stocked up on the bubbles for 3 days.There was no exploration aspect of the game. You would always run out of trees and rocks to get extra points. You got about 2 yards of extra space every time you used all of your resources to expand more. The continuous crashes. The not at all needed mesas, which you had to use all your powers to climb over, and there was nothing at the top except for a new area and then ANOTHER F*CKING MESA.Do not waste your money on this game. It is not worth it."
76561197963973496,Not Recommended,232810,17200034,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,[GA] Doops,Don't2015/10/27th UPDATE:Don't bother2017/06/25th UPDATE:This thing is still EarlyA?
76561198026585365,Not Recommended,232810,9643410,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,skurtkurt,"Sorry to say, but even with latest updates this game remains utter crap. Considering how bad this is, and probably will remain when finished, it will never be worth the fortune that was required for early access. I for one wish i never paid a cent for this game.So, good luck!As for the review. If you like playing games with no meaningful progress what so ever, go for it! If you liked populus and want this game because it is similar to that game? take your computer and throw it out the window, get your shoes on, and go for a run. Because going for a run makes more sense then wasting your money on this game. So, if your wondering what makes this game bad? Well, for one, there is still nothing to do. You click around, and wait for the time to pass. Nothing grows, nothing progresses. Your sims do nothing, and achive nothing. You achive nothing and do nothing but clicking around. After a while you get a spell that enables you to set fire to trees. Guess what you do next? You are so bored that its 99% chance you set fire to the whole town you just spent hours building, because, thats the most action you ever gonna see in this game.Beware, stay away, and remember: if your god is as boring as this one, change religion!"
,Not Recommended,232810,9057765,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Carino,"The game itself has a lot of potential.  You're a god, you get to shape and morph the land around you and help an entire population grow and prosper.  However, as it currently stands, there are so many improvements needed, that one might quit playing after an hour of repetitive clicking and expanding, clicking and expanding, clicking, and, you guesed it, trying to expand.The card resource system is flawed.  Once you can't find cards, you're out of luck for trying to upgrade any of your next improvements.  The game is currently only 40% unlocked, so I hope this issue is resolved with expansion and more multiplayer battles for cards. Either, or as someone else mentioned, a system in which resources can be mined or harvested.My finger goes numb from all the clicking.  Every house your citizens build accumulates more influence, the main source of your power in the game.  After a while, if you want to collect influence, you have to go back and individually click every house that has available influence to give to you.  I really wish there was some sort of ""collect all"" option, but sadly, there is not.Overall, This game has some serious flaws that ruin the enjoyability of the game pretty quickly.  I don't know why I put as many hours into it as I did.  Hopefully, the game improves, but until then, I would not recommend this game to anyone."
76561197987585778,Not Recommended,232810,9414761,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,SIGINT,"Waste of time in its current state. Monotonous, boring, and pointless. All the ""multiplayer"" levels are the same rotations between ""raise the most amount of settlers in 10 minutes!"" to ""mine the most goal in 10 minutes!"" with no real tangible reward or point for winning. This is currently a cardboard cutout of a game. I am extremely dissappointed."
,Not Recommended,232810,12850616,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,DoctorGnome,"Good ideas, failed and turned into a facebook game. May the Early Access God's damn you to nothingness."
,Not Recommended,232810,33457948,Posted: 11 July,all,Chnams the >Implier,This game has been abandoned.Do not buy for any reason.
76561197971286991,Not Recommended,232810,28274975,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Naselus,"Don't buy this.As I write, the game now hasn't been updated in nearly 2 years. The developer hasn't spoken to the community for nearly a full year. There is no-one working on this title. It is incomplete and dead, and it was pretty much dead before that too - there was a total of maybe 3 updates for the game, ever, and 22 Cans don't talk about it. The official forum mysteriously disappeared. They churned through community managers, and then basically stopped hiring them.Godus is, at it's heart, a mobile game. The intention is to make it pay-to-win, with you paying to speed up the time between rewards in exactly the manner Peter Molyneux slammed DK mobile for. This PC version exists purely so that Molyneux could make PC gamers pay for the development of the mobile money-spinner via kickstarter. In it's current state, it could more or less be drummed up in a game jam over a weekend in Unity... only you'd probably do a better job of making it fun.It's actually offensive that Steam haven't intervened and removed this game from the store, since it's not 'early access' - it's never going to go anywhere from here, and it is basically an elaborate kickstarter fraud."
,Not Recommended,232810,13887675,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Paraleo,"One of the few games I am really sorry I have bought.If you need to develop carpal tunnel syndrome, this is the game you need.Endless clicking.I will let others with better reviewing skills to provide more explanations."
76561198020298249,Not Recommended,232810,11614856,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,The Silver Otter,"As of 9 AUG 14.  Do not purchase this game.  I've come back to Godus several times hoping it would end up like Black & White since Peter Molyneux is the driving force.  Since it's foundation Godus has played more like a browser game you come back to daily than a PC game.  Now with the launch of Godus Mobile the true market has been revealed.  I do not understand why they spent so much time developing it for PC when this is very clearly a game designed for mobiles.Gameplay mechanics consist of shaping the world with clicking, and waiting for your followers to breed or generate belief.  If you love clicking and waiting purchase this game.  If you are expecting something like Black & White or Black & White 2, go elsewhere."
76561198032082605,Not Recommended,232810,14911560,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,megarocker123,"This ""game"" has no potential anymore. it is nothing more that a lot of useless clicking and idle waiting"
,Not Recommended,232810,16292611,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Raspatat,This has been an early access game for ages. The updates have been terrible and I regret wasting my money on it.0/10 do not buy
76561198031977164,Not Recommended,232810,15565736,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,vaggfelt,Traitors.
,Not Recommended,232810,15647860,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Nothins,"When I first got this game, its was wonderful. I loved it, there wasnt very many fetures in it yet, and getting gems was a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ and so was digging out that damn head. IT had promise, but now, years later, I cant even bring my self to reinstall the game any more. ITs not turning out to what it should of been. It is not the god sim I hoped for. Originally it was a joke and was called sculpting with finger simulator, but I liked it, now, its just a pain in the fat♥♥♥♥♥of a white chick sitting on a midget. It is no longer with the money."
76561198009729707,Not Recommended,232810,12707875,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Blair The Very Magical Cat,"I don't even want to whine on about everything that's been stripped from the game. I lost hope when this became a game that a phone could run... Poor excuse of a pc game, initial concept somewhere along the lines seemed so promising. I was really hoping you were going to make like a Black & White 2 (best game ever) where the landscape was mouldable and infinite. Nah, ♥♥♥♥ knows what you were trying to make here. It's like watching moss grow. I can't even begin to fathom how you could redeem yourself, even a refund isn't enough for the time I've wasted waiting for this to turn into something promising. It's a♥♥♥♥♥♥storm of clicking, nothing really happening, no purpose, no player input. You've royally ♥♥♥♥ed up. Royally."
76561198088950083,Not Recommended,232810,23141859,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,pinquin,"......I've stopped waiting for this game to be finished over a year ago. Always big promises and horrible results. The team might be great, but lead by the master of over thinking and underachieving."
76561198037864828,Not Recommended,232810,12622417,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,≡DSN≡ Scheitan,"Yeah great.Bought it when EA came out. It was really promising. A straight God Simulation with a good flair and look. I hoped that it would be formed to another Populous from Peter.But NOW with 52% complete it is just another dumb Mobile / Facebook Games. Later on with buying Crystals for real money. Yes, you can collect em. You can play without paying anything more. As the shop isn´t available yet, you don´t have any other way. So you have to click a few times when starting the game and then wait. about 20 minutes for a building. about 30 minutes to collect some Might. Click click, wait. Or spend crystals. Crystals you have to buy soon.Oh and the graphic looked very good at the beginning. There were streets and flags etc. Now they are all gone. Because it has to work on IOS, too. No words for that bloody mess...."
,Not Recommended,232810,22751322,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Draakus,money grabbing devs gave up what could have been a good game. instead it's an unfinished tablet garbage game now
76561198079503289,Not Recommended,232810,19810577,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Not Emeriick,Literally trash.
,Not Recommended,232810,24938276,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,The Galaxywalker,They took the money and ran. Thanks for that.
,Not Recommended,232810,17424180,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,felglar,"I want to like this game and I have invested a lot of time into it.  Unfortunatlly it just isn't any fun.  Everytime an update comes out I get excited and play it for a bit, but always feel dissapointed in the end.    Sculpting in tedious.  You always seem to be waiting for belief which is a huge time sink.  You don't seem to have to make any choices when it comes to cards, you basically just build everytihng.   You either mine stickers or sacrifice you populate to buy packs.   There really seems to be no strategy and tactics to the game.   I don't regret backing this game because I like the idea of projects funded by the communitcy instead of big mega studios.  However, I'm sad it's largely been a big failure.   Peter has some great games under his belt and I was hoping this would be another timeless classic.The best thing about the game is the voyages which gives you a  little but of a puzzle challenge.  In the latest build (summer 2015) you finish it pretty quick and you are done."
76561197977992274,Not Recommended,232810,13454585,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Goojie,"I don't recommand that game. If I wanted to pointlessly click evreywhere and wait 1 hour for my energy to recharge, I would play any game on facebook. I paid for this game, yet I still feel like they want me to buy more power up, which they say will never happen ( stop lying to us.... ). it's been one year, and this game still look very unfinish. No real choice of what to do. A lot of bugs.This game is just popular because of Peter Molyneux's name on it.I will give it another try when the game is finish, maybe my opinion is going to change"
76561197978215745,Not Recommended,232810,10285604,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Digital Jam,"Update, Feb 2017.This game hasn't been updated for two years, so consider this the post mortem.In the end, Godus turned out to be a pay-to-progress Farmville style ipad game, with a nifty sculpting mechanic, which was later nerfed because players spent too much time sculpting and not enough spending money.The PC game originally promised, was essentially just a lie, told to leverage more money from the PC community, for development which was never spent on developing a PC game.Peter Molyneux was eventually called out for his lies by several gaming sites and has since retreated out of the spotlight, vowing never to show his face again.Many felt that, since 22Cans comitted fraud, on a fairly large scale, no future products from 22Cans should ever be allowed on Steam.The final part of the mystery remains that Godus/Godus Wars are still available on Early Access, despite the projects having been abandonned a long time ago."
76561197999204008,Not Recommended,232810,17653649,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Ananisapta,"I've kept checking back on this game, hoping against hope that something might actually come from it.  But alas, it was not  to be - the game is basically devoid of meaningful content and has about as much depth as one of the endlessly cloned facebook games.  'Click this! Get stuff! Build more things to click!'.  I played for as long as I did hoping that something, anything interesting would happen, but nothing ever did.  Far from a god-game, it makes you feel like a minion, doing boring, repetitive tasks in the service of an inscrutable goal for the benefit of the game."
76561198019387437,Not Recommended,232810,17403492,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Yosory,"Bought it with the hopes of investing in a really cool god game ( i truly miss black and white...)However, I just saw this concept turning into a boring, cash grabbing mobile game.Early Access? No thx, but i had enough"
,Not Recommended,232810,14299759,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Requiem,"dear developers....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,232810,22490861,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Dirty,"I purchased this game back in December 2013 and the development progress that I've seen has been minimal, at best. What are they doing over there at 22cans? At this point, Godus is just another greyed out title that's filling up my ever-expanding Library. I thought Guildford might have been able to produce something a lot better than this!"
76561198075874227,Not Recommended,232810,14951509,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Usma,"I bought this game by reccomendation of my high on dope friend.I regret that,I don't smoke dope and thats probably the reason i can't understand this game."
,Not Recommended,232810,9680802,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Gandalf the White,"tl;dr other reviews? Yet again, Peter Molyneux greatly overexaggerates the capabilities of this game. Godus is flawed, uninspired, and deficient in community and dev. support and communication. 22cans released Godus on Early Access 6 months ago, but the game has received only 1 significant update that has not fixed the major issues of the game (besides, of course, lessening the maddening amount of clicking necessary to do anything). If you're expecting an updated Populace or Black and White, then prepare to feel incredibly disappointed."
,Not Recommended,232810,14539139,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,SpaceNinjaPirate,"I bought this game because it looked like it was going to be at least a spiritual successor to Populous.  I purchased early and while it was playable, it wasn't good for more than a couple hours of fun.  I tried again a few months later and not a lot had changed... there were really no new features of note.Now, after coming back to it after another number of months, I find that the studio in charge is pretty much moving on to other projects, reassigning staff and such.  I never saw the Kickstarter for this project, but according to a couple of interviews with Peter Molyneux, things were over hyped and may well not get delivered as they were originally laid out.Ya, save your money on this one."
76561197972365787,Not Recommended,232810,12930410,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Spiderweb,Don't buy it yet! Still to much of a work in progress and its more of a freemium mobile game at the moment.But I still hold onto hope they (22cans) can pull a rabbit out of the bag.
,Not Recommended,232810,20942787,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"Garbage game, one of the few Early Access games I wish I didn't buy. Crappy controls, crappy UI, crappy gameplay and the list goes on and on. They took super long in between updates and mainly ignored the PC community.Now they want to put out this new game Godus Wars, sure they gave it to Godus owners for free, but still... how about you go back and fix Godus first? Finish what you started instead of doing something new right away. Godus Wars I hear is a multiplayer game with RTS elements, nice idea but it is far to late now.I will try the new Godus Wars since we get it free but as far as this original Godus goes, it is complete crap and literally the worst example of EA that I have witnessed myself. Many great games come out of EA and KS, Pillars of Eternity, Kerbal, Prison Architect, DayZ, Wasteland 2, Divinity Original Sin, Darkest Dungeon, Ark,etc..   Godus though is crap! Let's hope they learned from these mistakes for the new game, but I am not expecting much at all. PM I think you're time is up bud, hang it up."
76561198017597500,Not Recommended,232810,18378022,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Telperin-Quar,The only game I wish I could get a refund for.This includes Diablo III.
,Not Recommended,232810,8893236,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,NeT,"Huge dissapointment. Not even close to the good ole god games everyone has come to know and love, and I am not sure if it ever will even get to that point. From watching the dev videos, reading blogs. This game is aimed more towards casual play, lacking the content, and depth a god game deserves.At this point the game is nothing more than sculpting land, and clicking thousands of times on houses to get followers out or to collect the little orbs (faith?) so you can use your powers (which are pointless). Everything in the game right now is pointless. The followers do nothing on their own, have no AI. Man I could go on ranting forever. The updates to this game are extremely slow, and we were promised updates at a lot faster pace. Also the devs don't really come around to often or fill us in with anything worthwhile. The game is surviving on Peters name, and that is it. This is not worthy of a single penny much less the $19 they are asking for now, or whatever the cost is now. Let me make it short and sweet.- If you like doing mundane tasks, for no reward at all. Then pick up this game.- If you do not have high expectations and do not care if you are let down, and have money to waste. Pick up this game.- If you feel you have been neglecting your mouses buttons lately, and feel it needs a work out. Get this game.- If you are trying to wear out your mouse, so you can convince your parents, wife, girlfriend, etc. To get a new one. Get this game.- If you are expecting a game like Populous. Avoid this game like the plague. The only thing similar is the followers and that is even pushing it."
,Not Recommended,232810,17872527,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,XXXTENTACION,"the developers ain't gonna be finishing the game anytime soon, its a fun game but aint working out very well"
,Not Recommended,232810,8015115,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Ranito,"EDIT 28 March 2014:The developer is now more communicative with their players and has released a major update to the game. The game is overall much less of a chore to play now but it's still based on social game conventions, in other words, most of the gameplay consist of waiting for real world hours to recharge belief, build shrines or refilling a boat embark on voyages (missions that play like a simplified version of Lemmings). The gameplay additions are welcome, but unfortunately the number of bugs and crashes of the game has increased. I would recommend to wait a little more until the game is more complete and polished before spending 18,99€ on it.-----------OLD REVIEW:I know that when you buy an Early Access / in-development game you can't expect it to contain most of the promised features at first, but at least I expect regular communication from the developers (weekly or even monthly updates about its development). There hasn't been any announcement on the Steam Community since October, and their Facebook and Twitter feeds appear more interested in selling t-shirts than talking about the game.  I'm not asking for a big content update patch every week, but at least they should inform us about what they are working on (and I'm referring to what is being worked on for the 1.4 patch for example, not just cryptic ""we are working hard on your feedback and have big ideas for the future"" kind of videos that just make more far-off promises). I feel like they have no pressure whatsoever in finishing the game, as they have my money already."
76561197989511318,Not Recommended,232810,17654204,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Dean,This might be the first review I'll ever do on Steam just to say people NEVER EVER (!!!) buy something from Peter Molyneux again.
76561198013825603,Not Recommended,232810,8448522,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Nasarog,"This game has a lot of potential, but right now it's a hot mess. Random lock ups, constant crashes and everything in between. I kno wit's a beta, but feels a lot more like an alpha.This♥♥♥♥♥♥get any less stinky? No. Didn't think so!"
76561198053914664,Not Recommended,232810,15327238,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Labigcheese,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ don't don't don't don't get this trainwreck. The devs have disowned this broken mess, offering NO support or updates, the base mechanics are not something that someone with even an inch of sanity would dare to create as a demo, let alone push onto the market at full retail. It feels like a micro transaction-ridden mobile game reject. DON'T GET, DON'T EVEN GIVE A PENNY TO THESE SCAM ARTISTS. THEY PROMISED THE WORLD AND DELIVERED A GIANT STEAMING TURD INFECTED WITH THE COMBINED PLAGUES OF ALL OF HUMAN EXISTANCE."
,Not Recommended,232810,15330936,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Pinkloid Numskrunt,"What a disaster. This is the last time I give Honest Pete any of my money. This game has gone from BAD to UNPLAYABLE. I cannot understand how they could keep my money for this. This is probably the most botched EA experience I have had since ""Under the Ocean"". This game is NOT worth your money, or mine for that matter."
,Not Recommended,232810,15346754,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Mikadomea,"The Early Alpha (Fall 2013) was amazing. it felt wuite a bit like it would become a great game BUT then the Molyneux-Effect hit the Game and it got worse and worse every Update. First the brutal waitingtime and then the news that it was planned as a mobile game all the time...I feel scammed for paying 20 bucks for a good Early Alpha that got♥♥♥♥♥♥in the ""Release"""
76561197990573097,Not Recommended,232810,32684228,Posted: 23 June,all,ratzsa,"You thought No Man's Sky was a disappointment?Hold my beer.I bought this game back in 2013. Back then it was an unplayable early access mess. If I recall correctly it didn't have a save function, so you would have to restart your world every time you wanted to play it. The game crashed a lot, forcing you to restart the world you had. The game was (surprisingly) also updated a lot with new patches... forcing you to restart the world.It DID get better. Eventually they added a save function. I don't remember if that was before or after throwing in mobile port microtransactions. They also managed to fix most of the crashes.The game was still unplayable though. It had enemy NPCs. How did you deal with them? The game didn't really tell you. The game had some resource cards. How did they work? Who knew? They changed that every week or so.Everyone gave up on the game. Who jumped ship first? The devs. There are no updates, there is no communication, and nobody should ever give them money for this pile of trash. Stay far away from this and any other products they ""release"" and will probably abandon. It's just not worth it."
,Not Recommended,232810,19715711,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Kosey Bax / Bunny Rah,Nothing to review because they basically didn't bother making the game. Took people's money and did nothing with it.. such a waste
76561198025283029,Not Recommended,232810,9398703,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Colonel Sponsz,Expensive click-game.
76561198058178824,Not Recommended,232810,9410490,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Thermite90,DO NOT BUY: nobody has been able to make contact with the developers for just over 3 months. I thaught this game looked quite good but it appears the project is dead.
76561197986801491,Not Recommended,232810,12217401,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Javin,"So Peter Molyneux is at it again. And by ""it"" I mean making really, really bad games, while promising you the moon.After setting up his kickstarter to get morons like me to fund the game, it quickly became obvious that his intention was to add a micro-transaction store to make ""gems"" purchasable so that you didn't have to wait for eons between tedious button clicks. After enough stink was raised, he has now backtracked and said that he never intended for PC players to have to use the microtransactions. (We did, after all, already pay a healthy sum for this... thing.) Instead, we can now earn our gems in-game by sacrificing our builders.So for you who have not had the ""pleasure"" of attempting this poorly designed clickfest, let me sum it up for you:You move land around one piece, one layer, and one click at a time, taking a significant amount of effort to perform this tedious task, for the purpose of clearing enough area for a builder to place a building. However, this process quickly becomes expensive, and you have to collect ""belief"" from the buildings by - you guessed it - clicking each individual one. Each building is on a timer, and slowly earns this ""belief"" that, once earned, you can use to... Move more land.Sure, there's other ""things"" in the game, such as collecting ""stickers"" so you can put them on ""cards"" so you can eventually get an upgrade that would let you do something like, build bigger buildings that take longer to make belief... Or build buildings on grass instead of sand. Or collect your builders and sacrifice them for gems (you get 1 gem per, you don't have a lot of builders, and it takes them 16 minutes to replenish).Most recently added to the game is the ""sailing"" minigame. If you thought the rest of the game sounded pointless, you'll love this one. Your goal is to drop off a handful of ""workers"" on one side of an island... Then sculpt enough land that they can reach a target on the other side of the island. Enthralling...I actually muscled my way through the first round of this drivel because you have to get the cards and stickers to advance the game in any way. (Since apparently as a ""God"" you have some sort of Pokemon fetish.) By the time I got to round 2 (called Mountains and Meteors for those who want to give it a shot) I got through 7 levels quite easily, then hit level 8. Which I'm not even going to bother attempting to finish.In this level of the minigame, you have to drop meteors (which it's a roll of the dice what they'll do when they hit) in order to wipe out the ""giants"" and clear a path to the other end of the island. However, the whole system is so buggy that I'd be shocked if anyone ever managed to do it their first run through. (I was using a cheat and didn't manage to get through for hours, and finally gave up on the 5th game crash. Did I mention it's buggy?)On your boat, you have 30 ""workers"". You have to put a minimum of 10 down to get to the other end of the island, which gives you a maximum of 3 attempts. Fail all three (and you will... Repeatedly) and then you have to play the waiting game for ""reinforcements"" to attempt it again. And by the waiting game, I mean there's a SEVEN ♥♥♥♥ING HOUR TIMER. And this is still fairly early in the game! You could spend your gems at this point (you start with 100) to get an instant boost, and that'll cost you 69 gems for your first attempt. Afterward, you can burn all of your builders, turning them into gems, for your second attempt. After that, it's time to shelve the game and wait for a few hours real-time before you can attempt it again.I mean, I suppose you could go back to sculpting the land, except that all of your builders are now nuked, and you used all your belief to kill them for gems. So you can sit and twiddle your thumbs and wait until you have some more belief bubbles to pop, or you can uninstall this hunk of reconstituted dog♥♥♥♥♥♥and play something that's actually entertaining.I actually have a ♥♥♥♥ing headache as a result of trying to enjoy this game that I paid good money for.Sure, the game is still technically in alpha, but this is the third iteration of it now. And while I would never have believed it possible, each iteration is actually worse than the previous one. There's simply no direction in the game. It's not entertaining in any way, and it's exceedingly clear that the team (and by ""team"" I mean Peter - who refused to allow the team to do any work on the game while he was on vacation) that the ""team"" has one, and only one focus with this game: To figure out how to make it as boring as possible so people will purchase stuff with the microtransactions. Unfortunately, he's missing a major part to having any sort of microtransaction game be successful, and that is that first, the people have got to want to play it.This game is the equivalent of bubble wrap, but you're only given a small 6"" by 6"" sheet once every few hours unless you pay extra money. You can pop through your bubbles fast, or you can do them one at a time, but either way you're left with a hunk of plastic you have to throw away and then sit on your♥♥♥♥♥and wait to be handed another one.Now, all of this said, after realizing that I would have to wait another 2 hours to click another bubble, I just used a hex editor to give myself unlimited ""gems"" in the game so I wasn't held back by the microtransactions. And you know what? It was even more boring. Never would've thought that was possible.  Even with unlimited gems, I never was able to finish the boring♥♥♥♥♥""mini-game"" mission.Cannot recommend this game any less.  It's the last time Molyneux gets my money.  (And ignore the ""hours played.""  Apparently the game glitched at one point, stayed running in the background, and racked up hours even though it wasn't ""visible.""  Apparently it stayed there for over a week.  I've only managed to muscle through about 5 hours of actual play time.)"
,Not Recommended,232810,24715630,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,derSanitöter,Dear Devs!You deleted my old review ! Well done.There is a place for you in hell.
76561197963493072,Not Recommended,232810,12409076,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Patriot {HaZe},if you want to be scammed BUY this game... but you'll have more fun watching your money burn then  playing this pile of garbageif 22cans burned to the ground i'd die happy...
76561198048193744,Not Recommended,232810,12354015,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,anduiosif,"It's bugged and unfinished. The bugs ruin the game, because there are no save points. When you restart, you loose all your hours and hours of progress. Don't spend your money on this...steam should take it down!"
,Not Recommended,232810,14955875,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Solid Snake,A pile of trash disguised as a game
,Not Recommended,232810,19861583,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,SpicySweet,Game reported for Fraud!
76561198075315069,Not Recommended,232810,19945696,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,2themoon,"I had great aspirations for this game and was promised amzing updates! But instead the game has turned out to be sh*t, i realy wish i could get a refund"
76561197960676340,Not Recommended,232810,15430348,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Panzer,I cannot belive that someone that is responsible for gems like Populus or Black & White can afford to treat customers like this.After first hour of playing game turns to be dull and in aspect of dealing with Astari too annoying.Since there is nothing new regarding development of Godus I am seriously considering option of deleting game from my mac and not reinstaling it. Ever.
76561197980211484,Not Recommended,232810,18447554,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Fresh Mint UK,I stopped playing this game a while back. 22cans appeared to have no interest in the players opinions on the game and support was basically non-existent. My whole experience with this game was nothing short of terrible. I would dread the updates as normally this would result in the game not working. I would submit a support request only to wait days before getting a generic response saying they were fixing a problem which had nothing to do with the problem I had submitted. I can't recommend this game. It looked promising but in the end this is a game designed around making money from mobile devices and should never have been sold on the PC. Save your money and buy something else. This is not a good investment in my opinion.
,Not Recommended,232810,17524231,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,[Nyan] SpacemarineCat,"It was fun at first but they completely trashed it... I will never know what's on the other side of the hill now because you have to invest 'more money' into it. Don't get it, go buy black and white or heck even sims 4 has disappointed me less than this cash pit. Maybe they 'made a game' to get money for their mobile app and scam EA investors... who knows, at this point im pretty sure they are laughing at the people here who bought the game... Anywho avoid this game like the plauge because this is not a pay and play game, its a FREEMIUM Game."
,Not Recommended,232810,17479713,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,stobak,"This game was developed for mobile devices..Having played this on an iPad, the touch and drag features fit in pretty well, and you can play pretty casually. Playing this on a PC is a different matter entirely. The endless clicking and dragging quickly drains most of the magic in the first hour of gameplay. Add to that the fact that you you're constantly babysitting villagers and waiting for belief to earn you more click and drag points and the game quickly becomes a chore. Unless click and dragging ad nauseam is your idea of fun, download this for a mobile device and stay away from the PC/Mac version."
76561198003605473,Not Recommended,232810,15535025,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Machaeus,"Yeah, this is my first review, so it'll probably be awful, but I'm going to be brutally honest here: This waste of cash was BORING.What do I mean?  Well...there is so much micromanaging, but that's only percentage-wise.  The gameplay is EXTREMELY slow, enough to put someone to sleep.  A game about being a sky-god SHOULD NOT BE BORING.  I spent the entire first session, all 91 minutes or whatever, waiting for it to kick up its intensity even slightly.Nothing.  Black and White was better than this - B&W shoots Godus with a sniper rifle, in one eye and out the other, from a distance of about a kilometer, then does awful things to its corpse.To make it worse, the click-and-drag interface.  Oh.  Dear. GOD the interface.  A lot of people seem to be frustrated by this point, so read those reviews for more details.I would more easily recommend Dwarf Fortress - yes, THAT Dwarf Fortress - to a casual gamer, than I would this to anyone.  Heck, I enjoy DF, and I'm pretty casual.That this game is $20 USD isn't just salt in the wound.  It's more like someone put a rocksalt shot in a shotgun, put the barrel's opening directly on my right hand, and pulled the trigger.  I literally would not recommend this game for 10% of its asking price.You want a better game?  Go buy Dragon: the Game.  It's $2 cheaper than this, and while yes, it's still in development and pretty buggy, that means the developers want your input as much as your cash.  Give it to them, and don't give this developer a dime.You want another better game?  How about The Long Dark.  Same price, but much better developed, with survival in the wilds of frozen Canada and wolves trying to tear you to pieces.  It's tough, but at least it's a way better buy.You want another one?  What am I, a computer?  Go browse on your own.  You'll probably find more hits on Steam than this thing's cost in pennies."
76561198006204896,Not Recommended,232810,14610906,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Faith,"This game managed to keep my interest for some time even when I found out about the dumbass devs.A pretty game that does not make up for its lack of content or its idle game mechanics...I've more or less given up on the idea this game will ever get finished and it if does, it wont be on PC.I still got to spend some time on the game in any case, and it was comfortable for the moment.I know it is in Early Acces but this is also a great example of that type of game you just don't buy but follow the progress of instead... Too bad I gave in too quickly3/10 - I would've recommended the game maybe a year ago, but they've gone to far with nothing to make up for it.I'll keep it installed just to see if they get their heads out of their asses."
76561197990738015,Not Recommended,232810,17926268,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,aks300(u wot m8?),Steam should remove this ''game'' from its store.
,Not Recommended,232810,31452864,Posted: 29 April,all,Antics II,"Man, they should make it that you can get a refund if a game goes below a certain threshold of review ratings..."
76561198130674364,Not Recommended,232810,19312397,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,rjhubble,"no more progress, this game is not finished."
76561197962964578,Not Recommended,232810,33556764,Posted: 15 July,all,mushroom_mann,"Peter broke my heart with this game =,("
,Not Recommended,232810,10222333,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,FridgeParade,"Blatant free to play mechanics, if I wanted those I would play Hayday or something similar. The fact that 22Cans made me pay for this crap is criminal. Blatant abuse of kickstarter backers.Terrible game, terrible developers."
,Not Recommended,232810,19343308,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,craftyplumbob,"Dissapointed in what has become of this game. When I purchased this it was a PC game, now it may as well be a mobile port."
,Not Recommended,232810,18357863,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Walrus,"I had high hopes for this one as a big fan of the old Populous games, and various other Peter Molyneaux creations.Unfortunately Molyneaux left the project, leaving the game in early access with a lot of development to go, and perhaps two full time developers working on it. Essentially because one quite vocal fan/community presence decided to step up and take over the project rather than allow it to be simply abandoned (credit to you, Konrad).Basically Godus is the story of a very rich man who decided to take people's money on Kickstarter to start his latest brainchild - which he could have easily funded himself - getting bored, and leaving less than half way through development. It serves as a lesson to myself and others about the dangers of early access, and a reminder of why not to trust Peter Molyneaux."
,Not Recommended,232810,11182106,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Redwarz,Godus is mobile garbage given a 20 dollar price tag
,Not Recommended,232810,7856656,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Mr. Awperson,"Waste of money. Feels like an experience i would find on an iphone. Crappy graphics, crappy gameplay. repetitive, and unrewarding. i hardly feel like i am doing anything except tapping on the purple bubbles all the time. Do not buy this game if you want a new populous game, or black and white. absolutly  terrible.  the person who made this must be the most pathectic excuse for a human being i have ever seen. I would sooner play The War Z then this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,232810,10047898,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,gwared,"Don't buy it. Simple. Avoid it at all cost, then google ""Godus reviews"". Sham and scam, bravo."
76561198052680659,Not Recommended,232810,20347830,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Dadaderp,"This game is the biggest slap in the face I have ever experienced and believe me, I have sneaked into the girls' dressing room quite a few times."
76561198121423429,Not Recommended,232810,18063326,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,a2tj,What a scam
,Not Recommended,232810,9490348,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,WhoaMadFrolic,"I first bought this game the last time it was 50% off--back when it was a giant clickfest. It was novel for a bit, but that wore off quickly once I grew aware of the clicking and the fact that this was just a big ol' ""flatten the earth to get villagers and cards to unlock more earth to flatten to get more villagers and cards"" game.Now, with the recent update, there's less clicking (more click+dragging) but it's pretty much the same game, only instead of cards you collect stickers. It's the same mechanic--there's a chest under the ground, you reveal it, click it, get a sticker to apply *to* a card to unlock its bonuses (you unlock cards based on the number of villagers, and they don't get activated unless you apply the correct amount/type of stickers.) It's still pretty much a ""flatten the earth for more villagers"" fest, so it's easy to realize mid-play that the gameplay is stale and really quite pointless. It plays more like an android game than anything. Definitely not worth 20 bucks (I'd even say not even worth 10. 5 at most.)Other than that, I love the sound effects and art style. Shaping the land to be asthetically pleasing can be something of an art, but doing so hinders progression. It pushes the player to the mentality ""I really want to shape the land to how I want, but I should progress first and do what I want later"" which is a huge deterring thought most experienced gamers can become aware of almost instantly."
,Not Recommended,232810,8999586,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Truvativ,"This game has great potential. I can see it being amazing... When it's done...After you beat the ""multiplayer"" (vs AI) events and you discover all the shrines there's not much else to do.I'm at the part where you're supposed to farm 5000 wheat or whatever and that's going to take way too long without any kind of input. At this point there is just nothing left to do.But that being said, that's why I'm saying it has great potential, but right now there's just not that much to do after the first 8 hours or so."
,Not Recommended,232810,9417753,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Evo,"This game reminds me of sim city without the headache. It's fun, It's relaxing and just what i need to kill a bit of time. BUT i do not recomend buying this; with the lack of updates and overall lack of content, you run out of game to play very quickly. This had potential but didn't deliver on promised updates and support :("
,Not Recommended,232810,7869798,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,DrewDoggg,"This game belongs on Facebook. the feel, the abilities, the fact that they use collectable cards that you have to dig for in the terrain as a resource. Instead of just having a regular tech tree, or resource gathering.Populous is not immersive in the slightest. progressive unlocks make the game easier over time and are helpfull, but i feel that if most of these were availlable at the beginning of the game instead of 2 to 3 hours in, i would have probably played for longer.the artstyle is nice, but it is the only thing the game has going for it wich isn't amazing.I would not recommend this game to anyone besides my worst enemy, to whom I wish arthritis in the finger."
76561198005317126,Not Recommended,232810,7871937,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,fifteenracing,So far its terrible. Maybe something magical is going to happen later in the development. Right now this is a deathly tedious click fest with little to no immersion or strategy. Avoid.
,Not Recommended,232810,9394074,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,"Testiclees the Mighty, Ph.D.","Remember Black and White 2? That was awesome. This is a far cry from it. The minimalist graphics are disappointing, and the gameplay is the definition of weak. I expect better from a Peter Molyneaux project, and the path to reaching it starts with a better tech tree."
,Not Recommended,232810,14789615,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,A_Ghoul,Even though I played a lot of Godus it was in the hopes of it getting better. It never did! so boring and a constant grind. The developers also practically quit developemnt. Do not buy! Get an old god game instead.
,Not Recommended,232810,8579117,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Cuthpaste,Click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click.
,Not Recommended,232810,25613228,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ander4949,Abandoned...Incomplete....Disapointing...
,Not Recommended,232810,11850503,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Shinzann,"They should have called it Free to play; It would have been more honest than the line of bull they fed us. Seems they added a premium currency with this last update. This seems rather greedy since I already paid to beta test for this sh*te.They say in their developer commentary (developer commentary in  an unfinished game? Really?) that you don't have to use any gems, that you can play like a turtle and hoard your gems. They got the play like a turtle part right. Gameplay has been slowed down waiting for Belief/Mana and they entice you to spend gems by dropping hints in the corner of the screen. At least they fixed it so I don't have to open Task Manager to end the process when I want to stop playing."
,Not Recommended,232810,12363506,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Doux Peches,"so bought this at full price, while its free on ipad.GG"
,Not Recommended,232810,28407776,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,ClementL,"If you're looking for an example of why you shouldn't pre-order games or order games before they are done, this is exhibit A."
,Not Recommended,232810,34754341,Posted: 5 September,all,Ríκudöu Hîκó Sēìjurö,Another failed promise from Peter Molyneux.
,Not Recommended,232810,17423862,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,[AdoniS] Ozel,"Don't buy this game, i bought it when its first day at steam and the game become more and more sh*t... Developers started with good features but nothing become reality... Its like a cheap mobile game where you wait and wait and wait... I hoped for a decent god game but this is not a god game... It's cheap and bad mobile game!"
,Not Recommended,232810,16732175,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Hpstorian,"The description of this game by the developers is 'zen like' and at points there is certainly a meditative quality to it, but ultimately this is an inaccurate claim.The calm nature of meditation is ultimately shattered by frustration, and this game has it in spades. Want your 'zen' crushed by a bunch of dudes burning down your village from outside the range of your sphere of influence? Play this game. Want important things left unexplained (like the fact you can't build mines just anywhere in the second world) until it is too late and then you are left in a monotonous grind? Play this game.I really perservered at it, as it still had moments of enjoyement, but at the moment the experience is too frustrating for me to recommend it.Positives:-Developer commentary in game was interesting-visuals weren't too taxing, suited the casual nature of a game like this, good to play on a laptopNegatives-invincible enemies hovering beyond your sphere of influence destroying your stuff-bad port from tablet meaning most of the game is a horrible grind without the ability to buy your way out-sculpting is far more frustrating and time consuming than it should be.-there is no joy to wrestling with a UI rather than game mechanics and this defines things like placement of settlements.-still a lot of bugs but that is something expected in a game still in development."
76561198013673236,Not Recommended,232810,33371868,Posted: 8 July,all,generalmartock,"All previous posts say it all really, my question is however, will any of us receive a refund. Surely this amounts to a breach of contract of sorts. Paying money to assist a developer to bring a game to final release stage and then the developer not meet their obligation.  FRAUD!!!! I'll let you all make your own decision on that one.  This does open the debate a bit more on early access games and their obligations to paying customers though."
76561197997416991,Not Recommended,232810,33509877,Posted: 13 July,all,Evelyn,"Avoid. Essentially another early access scam. Had a nice idea, never really went anywhere. Had another nice ides of adding Godus Wars, never really went anywhere. Dev team has split up and left. Nothing is happening with the game. Very disappointing."
,Not Recommended,232810,13409585,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Ballr,"Don't waste your money.The creators tried a mobile platform game (That is meant to stay in the mobile spectrum) and failed by putting it in the PC realm. If you want to try out the game, just download it on the App Store."
76561198064311490,Not Recommended,232810,14969660,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,SigmaDraconis11,This game is a serious disappointment. The gameplay is repetative and lacks any challenge or feeling of accomplishment. You basically just flatten the earth so that your villagers can build more houses so that they can spawn more villagers so that you can flatten more earth so they can build more houses. Its tedious and devoid of any plot or true sense of direction.STAY AWAY!
,Not Recommended,232810,14488934,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Lionfish,"This has essentially become abandoned. Do not expect anything from it. I really wish I could take the money from this team. This is why people have to be afraid of early access games, it should be removed from steam.http://www.pcgamer.com/godus-designer-admits-kickstarter-promises-likely-cant-be-kept/"
76561198030864485,Not Recommended,232810,12297714,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Natalyst,"There's some interesting stuff here, but it doesn't have much of an effect on game play.  Right now, it's a bit of farmville meets hidden object.  It's just not fun.  Digging for chests is a hassel after the first few, the voyages are more stressful than strategic, and developing your village takes too long.Also, please don't use the term ""breeder"".  It's a derogatory term for a straight person here in the US.  Even if you're just applying it to your female characters (hence the pink shirts), that's still not right."
,Not Recommended,232810,10234066,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Atty the King of Death,"It soo boring. This game more of mobile game then a pc game. I don't even know why I brought it (I think I was high). Anyway don't buy, it not wroth your time."
76561198027041067,Not Recommended,232810,14862061,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,raenbow,"They say they're still working on it... Sigh. Well, it's very pretty, and personally I enjoyed what I played of it, but I can't recommend anyone buy it until some serious progress is made. My best advice?If it's 'Early Access' make sure you read the release date above the tags."
76561198012380505,Not Recommended,232810,12993775,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,ERATHOR!,"This game is awful, time spent in the game feels like time fully wasted. It reminds me of my mortality and makes me sad that I'm spending my precious time on this earth playing this crap. And I've played it for less than 10 hours since I bought it long ago.It takes a certain type of s*** to cause that sort of hatred so quickly. And the worst thing is, that this game could have been sooooooooo goddamn good. If not for the crap decisions the developers have made.I'm not just going to ramble on about all the reasons this game is terrible (but it is, don't buy the game). Instead, I'll give you a first hand experience of my thoughts on this game, from the time I bought it till now.I bought it far before the big 2.0 update (or should I say the entire scrapping and remaking of this game).That's right folks, I was there at the very beginning of this disaster. I bought this game as it mentioned it was inspired by populous, and I thought 'wow, a game inspired by Peter Molyneux's good era of games, before he became an awful game developer, and without any input by him, sounds great!'So I bought the game, and was excited at first, it wasn't bad initially, for the first 20 minutes. And then the awful AI multiplayer tutorials came on. Cringeworthy, embarrasing, pathetic. Playing with fake people, all of them tragic and worthy of some form of pity for some reason. One girl seemed to have issues with her dad, one dude was 30 and unemployed, desperate to gain fulfillment in his bleak life by getting more gems in the game.And they never ended, they went on and on and on, this pathetic illusion of multiplayer. 'Why is the game doing this? Who thought it was a good idea? Why would they make it like this? Is this the only multiplayer in the game? Will it ever end?'And then the grinding happened, which I should point out has not changed in the updates, it seems even worse now.It was at this point that I found out that good old Peter Molyneux IS involved in the game, which explains so much. He was brilliant in his time, and I have huge respect for his older games. Black and White was a masterpiece, simple as. I've loved it for years, still play it occassionally, and I firmly believe that the creature AI is yet to be outdone in a game, including it's not so good sequel.But now, Peter is the worst kind of 'maverick'. His ideas are great, but the way he implements them are terrible, TERRIBLE! And the reason is simple, there is nobody to reign him in. He is a well known figure, who's going to argue with him? They let him do what he likes, and he ♥♥♥♥s♥♥♥♥♥♥up.If they took his great ideas, and then made them fun and enjoyable with some outside help, controlled him a bit, this game would have been fantastic. But it's not, it's garbage. It has been for a looooooong time, and the countless updates have done nothing to change that.The only thing that could save it would be a complete overhaul of the game, redo it from scratch, remove the grinding, make it fun. But they won't do that, they can't, too much time has been spent on it already.I'd demand a refund if I felt there was any hope of getting it. But to be honest, it was worth buying it for the multiplayer tutorials in the past. I'm serious, they were so awkward, so awful, it was hilarious, if slightly painful to read. The type of bad that only Peter Molyneux could make.In short, don't buy this game, it's a great concept, could have been FANTASTIC, but is boring, dull, and tedious.And the worst part is, the developers f***ing know it! They have the nerve to tell you in the commentary to do other things while you wait for crap to happen.Do other things Peter eh? Like play another game? A good game? No need to tell me twice!"
76561198048603757,Not Recommended,232810,14115556,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,SwickDaddy,Plays like a mobile game. Spend more time waiting than anything. Done with this.
,Not Recommended,232810,14942758,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Fray-Dog,was ok now its♥♥♥♥♥♥the end
76561198044731231,Not Recommended,232810,14974061,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,TheButtler,"If i can actually get it to start then it's... still awful not worth rating. Another weak attempt Peter :(Also i'd like to point out this ""game"" is £14.99 !!! Years on its still barely functional with next to no gameplay.Please just go and buy something like Besiege. Its £4.99 and infinitely better in every way. Besisge isn't a god game but it'll give you hours of marvelous fun creating ridiculous contraptions.Or if you have no money at all go on Newgrounds or some other website where you can play other peoples home made flash games, the majority will still be better than Godus.I find it truely remarkable that the mind that has brought us some of the greatest pc gems of later years, not only fails to deliver anything near what was promised, but actively cannot identify that the absurd statements he comes out with are mostly full blown lies.If you going to make a statement like "" i dont have a reputation in this industry anymore"" then you really should make sure that you are not the one thats♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on your own fireworks before inviting everyone round for the big party. The bang will be far less than you promised and everyone is left smelling faintly of wee..."
76561197980585126,Not Recommended,232810,17532039,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,GlutenMagic,There's more fun folding your money into aeroplanes and throwing them out your window.
76561197970615360,Not Recommended,232810,16017850,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,IronsideX86,I would rather spend my money on plane tickets to go beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out the developers.That I would give 10/10.
,Not Recommended,232810,8647201,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Eades,"If you're at all interested in the god game genre (Black & White, Populus, etc) hold off on buying Godus. At present, it's barely a game. The team promised monthly updates but remember this is a team headed by the industry's most creative and compulsive liar - Peter Molyneux.The game hasn't seen an update since October and the team has been completely silent as to when the updates will resume.Wait for the full release because, hontestly, with Molyneux's track record, there is a chance this game will never see the light of day. And if somehow it does it may only be a fraction of the original vision. Anyone looking to recapture that Black & White magic will be sorely dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,232810,15092753,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,🐰𝓑𝓵𝓸𝓬𝓴🐰,it had something. then it died in a hole somewhere.
76561198035528068,Not Recommended,232810,17911239,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Halo_jack,The release was 13. Sep. 2013... stay away from this game. its not worth the money.
76561198007490346,Not Recommended,232810,22982645,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Estelle Bright,"Oh, F***, Got this game some years ago, played it shortly and then got sick playing it. When I say ""sick"", I can't start this game again because it made me sick : annoying, unfinished, unpleasant, undead... heu well I'm losing myself a bit. I remember a video interview of Molyneux in London I think, I remember clearly saying to the other guy : ""This game is Huuuge""... Well yes, this  game is a huge B&B Game : Bad and Broken..."
,Not Recommended,232810,8811257,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,deathweaselx86,Wait until it's finished.
,Not Recommended,232810,8895386,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Kingsa,"Stay away. They dared charge $20 for this ""game"". If you want a more exciting game go play minesweeper. While it may sound cool in theory or look pretty, in reality this is simply no better than Farmville or other casual games' the only difference being that they had the nerve to charge $20, rather than reeasing it for free.Gameplay wise the game consists of dragging dirt around until the AI finally decides to place a house there so your people can breed. You then keep repeating this until you have taken up all the land available, hopefully gaining a large enough population in the meanwhile to allow you to continou doing so.Is there an end to this game? I could not tell you, nor do I really care, since I soon gave up on it and wondered instead about getting a refund."
,Not Recommended,232810,14967204,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Cromulons,"Right now, There are barely any feature in the game, It's fun for a few hours, don't get me wrong, but it's been 2 years and barely any features has came up. However, I think Peter is passionate about this game and who knows, it might take them 5 years to actually finish this game, but I bet it would be a pretty good game, and only then will I recommend this game.(I bet $10, nothing more.. ok fine $15)"
76561198029560469,Not Recommended,232810,15016670,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Wish Bear,"This game is not a PC game. It used to be. In version 1.3 is was a nice PC game with a fun multiplayer mode, and interesting story/quest mode. Now it's crap. The ""Voyages"" are like lemmings and insanly annoying. The ""normal"" single player mode is a timewasting mobile game that is....it's hard to find the words to describe how soul crushingly bad it is.Using hundred dollar bills as toilet paper while working a minimum wage job is a better investment of your money than this game.I might update when it goes ""final"" build. But at the moment. Wipe and flush. Don't buy this game."
76561197970845141,Not Recommended,232810,15848592,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Vikings,"The real shame is that this Early Access title is so bad that I am bothering to review it for how terrible it is.  The worst thing is lying about still trying to improve it, when in reality no significant updates are ever going to happen.  This attempt at a money grab is a huge reason why Early Access if frowned upon.  Enter at your own risk."
76561198036579861,Not Recommended,232810,8634526,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Fairy- busy drawing,Not worth the money since they hardly update it.Better to wait for the completed version.
76561197990356967,Not Recommended,232810,9380456,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Redhorse,Wish i could get a refund on this one .Its a clickfest .Wont kick it while its down .. maybe one day it will be a better game ..
,Not Recommended,232810,8386469,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Shake,"Don't Buy this game yet guys. Its boring, physically painful, and just all around meh. Basically what you do in this game is click. See a tree? Click it to death. A rock? TIme for clicking. Need belief? Wait forever then click every house. Oh! A chest is here, under 15 layers of dirt. I better click through all of those; that way you can click EVEN MORE! Dear god I hope you like ♥♥♥♥ing clicking cause ♥♥♥♥. Sadly, the only thing clicking won't get you is fun, or your money back."
,Not Recommended,232810,25498030,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,The Brizzilionaire,"FRAUD, SCAM, LIES. This title is ABANDONWARE.Wow, thought I had reviewed this already. Has less features than it did three years ago and hasn't been updated in over 500 days. Devs are radio silent on this and spent all the money raised here and on kickstarter to make a game for iOS that will also probably never be completed."
,Not Recommended,232810,23428053,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Møøseman,"Peter tried too hard to make an outstanding game, like trying to force out a fart- it just makes crap."
76561198009733552,Not Recommended,232810,32787111,Posted: 25 June,all,illusiontek,Devs abandoned. Do not buy.
,Not Recommended,232810,11680329,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Prester,"if you wonder why so many people have 50+ hours of gameplay in this game, its because its so slow. and its SO slow, between clicking 2000 times for a basic small terraform that takes you half an hour, you are waiting. not for minutes, you are waiting for hours. and the game only advances when its active. so what do you do? you put it in the background (i even let the pc run through the night) to gather your resources. 50 hours of gameplay are like 15 hours tedious terraforming, 5 hours enjoying stuff and 30 hours waiting/afk...do i recommend it?no"
76561197992585251,Not Recommended,232810,12094348,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,DrOrrery,"A man cannot serve two masters.  Godus as it stands has too much tablet DNA to be a decent PC game.  This is a real shame, as there are some wonderful concepts there that can't quite get out.I've like Peter Molyneux games since the beginning.  Godus is similar to Black and White in that the interaction with the world is very different to a standard PC strategy game.  This isn't a bad thing.  The lack of direct control, the interaction with the landscape, even the treasure hunt aspects are all really interesting and work well together.  But the problem lies in the execution.  It is very difficult to play this game for more than 15-20 minutes without running out of things to do.  On a mobile game, that's fine.  For a PC game, it's frustrating.  The reason for this is that everything is based on real world time, so if a beacon is going to take 16 hours to build, you shut the game down and come back in 16 hours.  Again, this is standard for a mobile game, and there are justifications for it in a social game as well I guess, but it means there is a lot of dead time.  Much more dead time than actual fun time.The shame is, I enjoy playing the game.  The land sculpting and bringing together settlements is really well done and a lot of fun.  But normally after 5 minutes, just when I'm getting into it, I'm out of belief.  Then there's 5 minutes of hunting chests, maybe go on a voyage, but really there's nothing to do but close the program and wait a couple of hours.As I say, the land scuplting aspect, coupled with the lovely minimalist artwork, really is lovely and interesting.  The landscape is beautiful, although it's something of a shame that your main interaction with it is to turn it into a flat parking lot to put houses up.  There is promise here, I will continue playing.  But at the moment I could not recommend this to anyone else."
76561197992197374,Not Recommended,232810,11864612,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,🌽FoldableHuman🌽,"DO NOT BUY!Godus isn't merely incomplete, it's a game with no gameplay. Despite being ""over 50% done"" the game still shows no signs of a solid mechanical core or idea, and the terrible progression systems and heavily gated resources only serve to mask the fact that there's very little to do even when treating it as a zen-sandbox. There's no megastructures or sweeping vistas to build because, almost ironically for a god game, the game only lets you destroy. You can erode, flatten, and homogenize, but never build. The only real avenue of challenge is waiting, and ""progressing"" through the game only makes this ""challenge"" worse. Rather than progression being a way to overcome old challenges and open up new challenges, advancing through the tech timeline only adds a new coat of paint to the waiting game, often adding hours, or days, to the time it takes to gather new resources.Additionally the game's sparse mechanics are broken with almost insulting ease. Gems, the pay-to-win currency of the mobile version, are so powerful that the ""cost"" of sacrificing followers to the Pit of Doom is entirely offset by the things bought with the resulting gems.The game will not get better because it isn't a game yet. If they haven't figured out what the gameplay is by the 50% mark then they probably never will."
,Not Recommended,232810,17395423,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,The Stupendous Yappi,"I spent three whole days on this game when it came out.Then they deleted my save and made me start again with all these terrible changes that essentially made it a different game.Months later, had a third go and the menu would freeze up on the forced tutorial.Just tried again today. It froze on the opening splash screen when loading the actual game.♥♥♥♥ing hell 22cans."
,Not Recommended,232810,23711603,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,knopfn,"I gave it time before writing this review. A lot of time. I waited and waited for this game to get better, but instead with every update it only got worse.When I bought it very soon after it was released on early access here in Steam, I actually liked it. It was a simple, but fun little game that reminded me of other god-games that I enjoyed a lot. But then the updates began, cards were introduced, gems were introduced, combat was taken out, instead a silly little enemy culture was introduced, and so on... Now it sucks.The balance is off. Fields, Coal, Nr of Followers, Belief and Cards etc are really not well balanced, it is an annoying struggle to get enough resources to advance, and at some point I just started wondering: Why? Why do I still try to advance, where am I going in this game, what is my goal? And I couldn't find an answer. There is none.I like the graphics. Nice colours, cute designs of houses, terrains and people, but graphics alone is not enough. I often let the game rest for months before playing it again, hoping that in the meantime some update would've made things better, but every time I was disappointed. Instead, at some point the New World was introduced. It is basically Level 2 - different landscapes that are harder to farm and live on and so on, but apart from that: It is exactly the same. And again I wodered: Why am I playing this? I know exactly what is happening will happen and how to do this. Yes it is a bit more difficult but there is no fun in a slightly more difficult setting that is otherwise exactly the same. There was nothing to explore, nothing new, no surprises - baically there was no fun left in the game.I let it rest again for a while after first entering the New World. Then I started it again, remembered where I left off, and immediately closed the game again. I'm just not having any fun anymore playing this game. It is sad to see what happened with this promising idea, but by now I'm convinced this game will never be worth my time.tl;dr: Don't buy this game, it's no fun anymore."
76561198018301604,Not Recommended,232810,25527290,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,IM | ☣ ZombieShock | {RIP},"The game can be enjoyable and relaxing, my issue is simple.Will this game ever be complete?This game originated on Mobile platforms, and has been in Early Acess almost as long as DayZ Standalone (with much less progress in my opinion) and I am not very impressed with the changes that have come about, and from the looks of other reviews neither are other players.Who could ever reccomend a game that may never actually be complete?"
,Not Recommended,232810,32837529,Posted: 26 June,all,onedeadgod,I really dont think I need to say anything.
,Not Recommended,232810,33540625,Posted: 14 July,all,EagleEye007,"Like virtually all Peter Molyneux games in recent memory, this game bites off a bit more than it can chew somewhere back in the design phase. Gameplay is very basic, clearly designed for mobile and has gotten worse over time and patches somehow. If you're looking for a grindy game that ruins the promise of a god style game, at least go play the mobile version so you can have the convenience of being on the move."
,Not Recommended,232810,19157246,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Grogwind,Game has long since been abandoned by the dev's for the IOS version with its more profitable M/Ts. Avoid at all costs.
,Not Recommended,232810,17020071,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,siy11,"This game, <shakes head>. This game is one big fat loser, this click fest is so bad I started building an app that helped with the monotony of the clickingCheck it out herebut I stopped when I realized I was just programing the app to atomate the play and never released the near fully automated version, facepalm! I will never trust Peter Molyneux again!"
76561197969922144,Not Recommended,232810,15706762,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,HaRdRiVe.Qc.Mtl,What a mess ...
76561198052272202,Not Recommended,232810,17123718,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Space_Butterfly_Ranktonious,"In no know universe can i recomend this game its a mess with little to no comunication from the team behind it.( Most of the team either got move to other projects or quit) This ''Game'' if you dare to call it that has sat in my library for a long time i cant even remember the last time i got an update.Its basicly a cow clicker with any and all fun parts removed from it, Worse then a facebook game and  shovelware ive tried multiple times to get a refund (through steam and 22Cans, Steam customer service cant help me 22Cans Have ignore 5 diffeent emails and 2 customer service tickets)they even claimed it was content complete a while back then turned tail and changed their minds as people would have had real reasons to claim refunds but as it is still ''early acess'' you are unable to even try claim a refund (the new refuns policy does not help at all)Overall its just a sick cash grab from a name that used to mean something in the industry Peter has lost the public trust with this title due to it basicly being abandoned, the masses of bad press and their blanket censorship in the fourmsDONT TOUCH THIS THING WITH A 50FT POLE"
,Not Recommended,232810,33415790,Posted: 9 July,all,LaughingMan,REFUND PLZ
,Not Recommended,232810,9995106,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,MrFlipside,"I bought this game with high-hopes, headed up by one of the defining developers of God Games, Peter Molyneux, and promising a true 'God-like' experience for the player.What I got instead is a game of timers and non-interaction that quickly slumps into something that you can generate no investment of interest in whatsoever.Whilst the engine itself is pretty, it seems strangely simplistic and uninspired compared to far older, similar games. The original version had 'Commandments', which gave your villagers opinions on cutting down trees or breaking rocks, now, it should be noted that Villagers never actually DID these things, and the Commandments didn't work anyway, but it did imply that resource gathering, or at least interaction of this type was an original goal of this game. That aspect has now vanished.The game seems to be veering more and more towards a Mobile sales model, with 'stickers' and 'gems' that give a hefty impression of being buyable resources if you don't want to wait for the timers, indeed, the game will apparently be available free on Mobile devices, which gives a very uncomfortable foreboding of where this is going.In essence, this is sadly not the 'Regenesis of the God Game' it was promised to be, and whilst I haven't given up entirely on 22Cans, I cannot in all conscience recommend this game as it stands.Peter Molyneux attacked Dungeon Keeper Online for features that he now appears to be emulating, and that is a great dissapointment, to quote Mr Molyneux -""I felt myself turning round saying, 'What? This is ridiculous. I just want to make a dungeon. I don't want to schedule it on my alarm clock for six days to come back for a block to be chipped,'"" he said.(http://www.computerandvideogames.com/448847/peter-molyneux-says-new-dungeon-keeper-is-ridiculous/).Oddly enough, last night I went to capture an (early-game) expansion point only to be told it would be ready in 8 hours...I set my alarm clock and went to bed."
,Not Recommended,232810,11011264,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Perdix,"TL;DR - while an interesting idea, the direction that this game is going in does not look to be a fun one.  The gameplay is repetative and fairly boring, and the mechanics that the game is based on get old very fast.  In this game you will be doing the things you learn in the first 10 minutesover and over, but with new graphics slowly being added to these repetative tasks just to keep you playing.  Cannot recommend until this game evolves beyond putting down lots of buildings that all do the same thing.This game is based around three mechanics:1.Sculpting the landscape2.Collecting 'stickers'3.Building resource-generators on the landscape.You sculpt the landscape in order to clear enough space for the resource-generating buildings to be built, unlock more advanced buildings by collecting stickers from chests in the ground and spending them on the 'timeline', and telling villagers to move onto the site where you'd like the resource building to be built.Sculpting the landscape is done by clicking on the 'layer' of the world you want to manipulate, anddraggingit to where you want it to be.  It's restricted by whatever layer is beneath it, though, so you won't be building any overhangs etc; and, once you've played for the first 10minutes or so, it quickly becomes apparent that all you actually need to do is flatten everything to create as much building space as possible.  This makes the worldmuchless exciting to look at, the dragging-world-layers mechanic that was initially interesting gets oldveryfast, and you'll find yourself often selecting the wrong layer without any clear indication of what layer you're actually moused-over at the time.By moving the landscape around, you'll find chests containing 'stickers' - by opening these up you'll get to spend them on buying 'cards' from your 'timeline' - each card is effectively a technology that allows you to interact with your world a little more, and build more advanced resource-generating buildings.  Initially you can only manipulate the sand in your world, and you unlock grass, mountain, and deep-sea terra-moulding through this 'sticker' mechanic.  This isn't atanypoint enjoyable - you've already been moving the terrain around just to build things, so doing it some more to get a resource you need to progress the game is just a joyless grind.  Other unlocks include manipulating multiple layers at once, generate resources faster, and build your buildings in a 'settlement' instead of just loose in the world.Building these buildings themselves is only partially in your control - once you clear some terrain-space, a 'plot' will appear on the ground.  If you clear a big space, and have the right technology, the plot will get bigger and your villagers will build a bigger house on it.  You have no control over the building's style, rotation or purpose...a house just gets built on it.  You can also put down 'totems' which auto-build and have AoE effects on your villagers such as walking faster etc.  These houses generate 'belief' in a bubble above, which you have to click/drag on to collect, and is spent on manipulating the terrain to build more houses on.Once you unlock settlements, they become centralised belief-collection units, and unlock an additional resource - firstly 'wheat' and, later, 'ore' - luckily you don't have to click to collect these, but are auto-collected by villagers and spent on building more...you guessed it...houses.  They also unlock more...errr....houses from the timeline.  You also get the added joys of having to race your in-settlement villagers to any unused building plots, as farmers will build farms on them (to generate wheat) if your builder doesn't get there (to build a house) fast enough.  Considering that there's no 'cancel construction' button and your demolition tool costs belief to use...this gets annoying pretty quickly.The gameplay is just too repetative to enjoy at any level other than what youreallytry and make for yourself- and you do have to try - this game isn't fun; you make it fun.  It suffers the same sort of mistakes thatSporehas - too few mechanics, too little challenge, not enough game.This may all change - the game is in early access, but the game is 49.5% complete (as of writing - version 2.0.5), and we're talking some fundemental game-design flaws here.  Your time, and money, would be better spent just going and buyingBlack & Whiteagain."
,Not Recommended,232810,15629122,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,confushon,This game blows.  I bought it right at the start like an idiot.  I don't like anything about it.  Not even the art.DONT BUY THIS GAME.EVER. Not even for a dollar.UGH!
,Not Recommended,232810,11687271,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Bonius,"STAY AWAY!I had very high hopes for Godus, with the persistant world promises and actual civilization building á la populous meets settlers. However this is nothing but false promises or broken mechanics, at best. The whole game is a complete and utter disappointment, possibly the worst let down I've ever been served by mr. Molyneux - and I've played all his titles.It's nothing but a pay-to-wait game with a premium price-tag slapped on top to really milk every cent from your pockets. They've introduced a gem-shop (that they claim will never be charging actual money.... yeah, right). I don't want to spend half the cost of a AAA-title to sit around and NOT PLAY THE GAME while waiting for all these idiotic timers to tick down. No, it's just not 5 minutse or 10 minutes here and there, EVERY SINGLE BUILDING is blocked by timers that can stretch upwards 24 HOURS. I have 12 hours on record on steam, with a good 30 piled into it in offline mode. Even after my first 6 hours of playing, I ended up in a situation where I could do nothing but WAIT for an hour until I could continue playing the game. Further developing my settlement took me a WEEK OF WAITING within my initial 20 hours of total play time!There is absolutely NO reason what so ever to buy this game, or even look at this steam store page. THEY DO NOT DESERVE YOUR TIME. The mere fact that you're reading this is bad enough. MOVE ALONG!DONOTBUY"
,Not Recommended,232810,23452337,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Desucrate,"I would rather drink a half-gallon of bleach than play this complete piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥*Gimmicky sculpting feature is♥♥♥♥♥♥*In at least the older versions, people would literally die for no reason if you werent constantly clicking on them, resulting in a game over because EVERYBODY DIED BECAUSE YOU DIDNT CLICK ON THEM*Look at those screenshots, that's what they put on f2p mobile games"
76561197993294028,Not Recommended,232810,10243562,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Phraxas,"Extremely repetitive and will give your hand carpel tunnel from making the same, tiny movements over and over again.There's no strategy involved.  It's just ""make things flat"".  That's -it-."
,Not Recommended,232810,10262686,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,PompeyMorrison,Muiltplayer is has no real people
76561198129931725,Not Recommended,232810,10254159,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,seamusrobinson1975,Do not even consider buying this before it is finished.  The devolpment of this game is a terrible mess.
76561198038962708,Not Recommended,232810,22054352,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,SkyLine,"This game is incredibly boring, requiring you to spend most of your time waiting for your followers to generate belief so that you can use it to sculpt more land for them to expand to new locations and repeat the cycle anew. The feature to sculpt the land is also extremely finnicky, causing you to waste yout belief power accidentally doing something you didn't intend to do and now have to reverse."
,Not Recommended,232810,13364355,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,oassia,Misrable facebook-like game. stay away
,Not Recommended,232810,13196372,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,cl_lime,They totally ruined it. Now its just a mobile app for pc which begs you to pay money for worthless crap. I wish I never bought this.
,Not Recommended,232810,18038492,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Esch,"Early access gone wrong. Developer abandoned game, which is sad because it really had something going and looked to be very promising. This pretty much turned me off supporting other Early Access Games, tired of being burned."
,Not Recommended,232810,25539344,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Zebranky,"No game updates in over a year and a half, not  a word from the devs in 7 months, still selling the game as Early Access. Obviously you need this game."
76561197973199629,Not Recommended,232810,17085250,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Rage,"I said to myself that this would be one last shot at trusting the vision of one Peter Molyneux. I saw him interviewed by Adam Sessler and thought ""oh a return to Populous by the guy who started it, cool!"" No, no. Not in a ""support this in early development"" kind of world we are in. Nerdcubed has it right: if the game is good as it stands this moment and you want to buy it, then go ahead. If the game is crap now and PROMISES to be good at some point then you are taking a chance. This was boring and a clickfest when I jumped in.But shame on me for thinking it would be anything more than a money grab by Pete. So here it is Mr. Molyneux: Never again. I don't care if I can cure cancer by playing your games, I won't play them. In fact, I will go so far to continue to track your career just so I don't have a possibility to play anything you have had a hand in. No more will you put food in your mouth or clothes on your back because I gave you the money to do it. I think this game was an abuse of the Early Access model by someone who has the means to support it or at least find backers with the intent to again (ab)use your credibility with the sole purpose of getting the cash to fund your mobile game which you wanted to cash in on. It appears we have both misjudged each other, but I can promise you I will never make that mistake again."
76561198016497631,Not Recommended,232810,12427021,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,jibjina,A masterpiece in dullness.
,Not Recommended,232810,32176187,Posted: 4 June,all,J-C-F-001,"DO. NOT. BUY. THIS. GAME.There, that's my review.Just don't.The only reasons I have so much time on it is because I was having medical problems and had NOTHING better to do.I regret everything."
76561197970556812,Not Recommended,232810,10116936,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,XiDragon,"Plays like a mobile pay-to-win game and therefore I can not by any means recomend this to anyone as long as it costs more than 3 bucks. Further, the devs do not communicate nor do they seem to listen much to the community.Update:This project got funded via Kickstarter! Because of relatively early concerns the backers had Molyneux promised that this game will never have micro transactions or that it would be planned to make a mobile game or even a mobile pay to win game out of it. And now look what we got! I call that fraud.All I got left for Molyneux is this:....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,232810,13239767,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,DimoneAngelis,"Pros- graphics are alright, considering- ability to actually conquer your enemies using followers- you can move the land?Cons- not really a game... more of a game engine test kinda- seems to be following the current Sonic game model in terms of updates (as in okay, bad, bad, horrible, better... etc.)- have to do the tutorial every time you restart (they say you won't in the final version, but...)- works better on a mobile than a PC, despite how they advertise- the strategy part is fighting the program as opposed to learning to work with it- god game only in that you have ""godly"" powers, so you're more of a steam roller to help your followers progress than an actual influence*WARNING* Lengthy review, because I feel like making up for the hours wasted on thisI know this is in early access, and that they are (hopefully) no where near done, but wow. Just wow. It gets worse every time it updates. I personally liked how it ran way back when I first bought it (when it was a game). The next update made both me and my brother stop loading it period (he even uninstalled) because of some stupid decisions the developers made. Now its ""playable"" (working would be a better term I think)Don't buy this program. At least not until its out of early access. I bought this program a while back, when they still had conquests (fight to colonize an area between the player and an AI) and The Book (which made it at least FEEL like what you did impacted the development of your followers, since things you did determined what they worshipped or despised). Now there are voyages, which are boring when they work and just annoying when the game tells you they're available (and they're not, so now a good portion of the screen is a button). The recent update made your somewhat interesting (though most are useless) powers more expensive (in terms of game currency), so it takes longer to do anything. The tutorial messages won't seem to go away (they're planning on hiding the tutorials, but right now the dialog box that shows up doesn't work [the mouse bugs out with it too]). The AI is only a little smarter than before, but still not all that bright. And the only competition in the game is easily wiped out (which I think is great, because they are extremely annoying. Any enemy that can wipe out most of your people WHEN THE PROGRAM ISN'T EVEN RUNNING is a horrible idea).So if you like waiting for an hour or so to get a small amount of progress (in relation to what I use to do within the first hour of ""play""), buy this. If you want a program that markets as a game, but is actually a ""sculpting"" program with lazy colonization features (if you can call it that...), here you go. But if you want an actual god game, go play Black and White or even Spore (I like Spore, I just don't consider it a god game like B&W). This isn't strategy or god game, in fact its more just simulation or a linear path. Like watching grass grow. Perhaps exactly like watching grass grow...Just warning you, it is still extremely buggy, which is to be expected of something in Early Access. Also, it will probably get much worse before it gets any better. Personally, I'm done with it, since most of those near 500 hours were spent just letting it sit and do whatever with little to no interaction on my part. That zen part of the description? That's trying to achieve peace after all your followers stream out like cattle from your settlement into a deadly swamp, immediately wiping out your settlement. The incredible power you wield? Thats your ability to click the quit button when the game is lagging to hell and using 8GB of RAM (really 22cans? Please work on your efficiency). Making games is hard for sure (I'm a CS major who makes games, so I get their pain [maybe...]), but this feels like they're running in circles after their own tails to do what they want to do (which is fine, unless what you want is going to extremely limit the player's actions in horrible and ultimately stupid ways) instead of focusing on making the program an actual GAME.All in all, I wouldn't suggest this to my worst enemy, much less some person I have no grudge with. There's a reason there are so many bad reviews for this. Don't spend money on Godus. Just save yourself the grief. Because unless things REALLY change, Godus will never live up to its tags and developer descriptions.P.S. You can tell they're being lazy, because they just tinted the skins for the followers (the last update added multi-colored skinned followers so they aren't all just tan, but the Astari [a rival civilization of breeders...?] are all messed up by this, making black Astari with tan heads and other random bits...) to, I guess, make it seem like they're making more progress. Lovely how they focus on new skins for followers instead of maybe making the program run smoother, isn't it?"
,Not Recommended,232810,10097736,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Angry_Faic,"As a person who bought every Fable game on the market I am used to disappointment from Peter Molyneux. I can take solace in that nothing has changed from him but at the same time I can't believe the guy behind black and white 2 made this piece of garbage. This game feels like it's aimed for microtransactions in a future state and plays like a lousy tablet/cellphone port. For christ sake the ♥♥♥♥ing quit button in the menu doesn't work, it just crashes the game and then I have to go into task manager to end it. At the moment of my writing this it is still in beta but I honestly don't want to see any future state this game might have. Stay away."
76561197993934130,Not Recommended,232810,13219835,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Vincent,"I bought this game early with high hopes based all the previous works from its designer, but I have to say he lost his way along the line. This game was not originally pitched for mobile users but they developed as if it was. All commands required only one single click and swipes, instead of harnessing both mouse buttons and keyboard. A true waste of input hardware. Collecting belief is an unnecessary an cumbersome task that holds no place, or purpose for that matter, on this game's mechanics. Games from the 90's already had na automatic resource collection but Godus INSISTS, revision after revision, to maintain its boring and laborious swipe/clicking resource collecting system. why?After many complains, they added an automatic belief collector, which is nothing but a Totten with very limited range and high cost that collects belief whenever is available. As you build more of them they become increasingly more expensive, thus ultimately limiting how many you can build. Every new feature has a drawback, every design decision is a double edge sword. I really don't understand why someone with so much experience in god games is unable to simply DELIVER WHAT PEOPLE WANT.If you are reading this review, please, consider very carefully before buying this game. You will feel more frustrated with mundane tasks than excited with new discoveries. It is the truth. If this game is meant to be run on PC, it must be re-re-designed from the ground up, entirely, because as it stands, it is a casual mobile god game with an identity problem."
,Not Recommended,232810,10038930,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Thaggitariutt Jefferthpin,"You know, its rare that I don't like a game.... very rare. With over 400 games in my library i can honestly say, its hard to make me not like a game. But if there is one award I should give to Godus its the award for best way to make me dislike a game. Lets start off from when i bought this. I bought it thinking it was an intuitive age of empires meets Sim City kind of deal. It was. However, the progression was slow, the build time for things was ridiculous after a while, the level of immersion was awful, etc, etc. But I said to myself, I said &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you don't dislike games, you have games in your library that most wouldn't ever want to touch. So this is just a case of the game being in early stages."" So i agreed to let the game grow. Then a couple weeks ago... i learned this would be P2P.... HOLD UP.... I can play games like Black And White for one cheap price of 20 Dollars, but for this i have to WHAT NOW. OH HEEEEEEEELLLLLLLL NO. That was the last straw. I vowed that I would not ever play this game again, and were it possible i would ask for a refund immediately. So, friends, dont buy this game. Its not worth it.P.S.: In recent statements the DEV said they would be focusing on the mobil app more, so its not even worth bothering."
76561198072785218,Not Recommended,232810,15539933,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Eagle2552,Not worth it. It plays like an Ipad game and a bug just deleted my saved game wich took me forever. It's extremely boring and tedious as well.
,Not Recommended,232810,14342885,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,AliceOddly,very bare bones at this point and it seems it's all but abandoned now.
76561197971226175,Not Recommended,232810,18881312,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Dr. Fnord,"This game is a disappointment, especially given the track record of Mr. Molyneaux.  It seems as if the dev team kept changing direction, lost track of what made the original version fun, and then lost interest.  So did I."
,Not Recommended,232810,9254956,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Arbes ✌,"Dont buy this game, waste of time and money atm"
,Not Recommended,232810,9256761,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Fish,"After a VERY successful kickstarter campaign this game seems to be abandoned by the developers. No update or any communication for more than 2 months. Don't waste your money on this unfinished game. A lot was promised, but nothing actually done (Just like Molyneux's Black And White and Fable)Peter Molyneux and 22cans are added to my blacklist."
76561198059370122,Not Recommended,232810,9836884,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,tetter99,"Go to facebook and I swear to you that you will find a game better then this. But if you are a old women who hates anything fun but loves to click and see flashy colors then buy this. Other wise I wish I didnt trust their word, and took the extra minute to read some reviews."
76561197963933636,Not Recommended,232810,8846788,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Evanblade,"I really wanted to recommend this game. The potential of Godus is off the charts. However, you know what they say about potential if it's unrealized. So much work needs to be done, and the lack of patches (as everyone else has noted) leaves me wondering what happened to my twenty bucks. Forty bucks if you count that I bought this for my brother as well.The game could be tremendously fun. I've spent plenty of time on it as you can see the number of hours I've spent in game. There is just something unequivocal about throwing a meteor at your enemy's buildings and watching his followers running around, screaming, and on fire. On my more benevolent side, though, developing my civilization, and watching it grow in the peaceful world is fulfilling on it's own. It is a time sink, and the number of times I've clicked my mouse is somewhat preposterous. Like my brother said, you click your mouse more times than in Diablo, which is saying something.The real issue is lack of updates. It can be difficult in later stages of the game to accumulate the resource cards neccessary to advance. When storms begin (when you've reached farming) having to click on each and every abode to repair is insane. It takes quite a bit of game time to develop your cliff sculpting ability which makes it somewhat easier to clear areas for abodes and towns.Anyway, I really would like to recommend this game, but I need to see more work done to improve and complete the game."
76561198026703232,Not Recommended,232810,22384878,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Halifax,"I purchased this game looking for the next ""Black & White"" type god simulator. The initial earky access was very promising. However, month after month of lies and inaction from the developers caused this game to crash and burn.As far as I'm concerned, the 22cans team and Peter Molyneux can go jump off a bridge before creating another crappy game funded by gamers through a kickstarter."
76561197971281069,Not Recommended,232810,14705165,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Malcolm Reynolds,"This game is absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  Do not spend money on it.  This is the game that has permanently turned me off of spending cash on ""Early Access"" titles.Bull. ♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198030734025,Not Recommended,232810,9891773,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Randall Flagg,"What can be said about this giant lunk of crapus?   A warning first to all who look at the description.  This is not in any shape or form a PC game.  Be warned!!  Yes 22cans is a bunch of 100% dishonest scumbags.I just really do not have any words to do justice to how totally 100 % Crappy this game is.  It is all about timers, timers on a pc game people.  Some of them reaching into 24-48 hours.  Let me be clear here, Timers just like a free to play game on a PC game.The height of creativity from the so called developers is, Lemmings.  Yes folks, they cannot even make their own idea, they have to steal from worthless 1990's games.I could go on for but there is no point.Run the hell away from this crap.    The name of the game should be Crapus.   Do not be Godused like me, do not buy this crap for any reason.  Do not even buy this crap for people you hate.Good day."
76561197970413659,Not Recommended,232810,9155924,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Earl of Doncaster,"A more accurate name for this alledged game would be ""Clickus"".It's basically a clicky free to play mobile time sink, only £15 on the PC.Everything said about this app. by Peter Molyneux is a lie.I could go on, but this video sums up my feelings nicely:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-D3NgNpth8&list=TLmjauMolveO_fG1MtmnwYHw2snkgrOwm2"
,Not Recommended,232810,8760005,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Morp,This game is a no game. firstly the game only updates about once every three months so the stuff you can do is very limited. Also there is alot of clicking in the game which sometimes is very annoying
76561198098131730,Not Recommended,232810,9163949,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,anbargris,This game has a lot of potential but it has been months since an update. It is nowhere near finished and the $19.99 price tag is way too high.
,Not Recommended,232810,8867272,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Zey,Not a PC game. Been ported from a tablet version.Dumbed down for someone who just wants to press on a screen. Can not recommend at all.
,Not Recommended,232810,9405110,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,try41000,"Persoaly I hated this game.  I found all it was, was repetitive clicking on bubbles to colect faith the drag to make more houses, making more bubbels to click. Not worth the money, the time or the space."
76561198025079453,Not Recommended,232810,14310331,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,MusicManCol1,FRAUD...DO NOT BUY!
,Not Recommended,232810,14930321,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Tapewormz,"Another disappointing brainfart by a designer who's past his prime and lost touch with the gaming industry, and more importantly the people he claims to make these games for.This concept (and that's all it is at this point) will likely never make it out of early access.DO NOT BUY."
,Not Recommended,232810,16200069,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,spindrift,"Still in developement, this game doesn't yet offer anything except a preview of some game mechanics."
,Not Recommended,232810,16202307,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Virulent Vision,"This is the only review I ever expect to write for a game, simply to warn others away from making a mistake and purchasing it.Read the forums first, realise the sorry state of affairs this game has been stuck in for a very long time, then just keep on walking..."
76561198011597778,Not Recommended,232810,8179244,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Noosebrother,"it looks great, and the idea is kinda cool. i still think it looks cool and the idea is great but the execution is just plain meh. you start the game and you click. you click a lot. you click to shape flat pieces of earth, you click to remove trees, you click to expand, you click to get your people to make more houses, you click to get belief. seriously, if that sounded boring then i think you can understand why there is a red thumbs down symbol in front of this text.when i started playing this i thought, meh it's not finished yet, it will get better.it hasn't done that so far.it's still clicky clicky and as this game doesn't have a do-over-button (you have to eff around in some shady part of the roaming folder i believe to do that) if you don't play for over a month like me you end up wondering what the hell it was you were doing.there's also the gameworld itself. as i said it looks nice, no problem there but when you play it full screen you would think you have a huge patch of stuff to look at. wrong, it's still a small square in the middle where it's just mocking me showing it's small renderdistances. this is really annoying when you go all a-sprawling with your towns and houses..so what i do now is open it, update it, click a few times on a few houses, wonder why i spend the money on this and exit the game.if you ever want to buy a polished turd then look no further, it looks great but it's still♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198059872886,Not Recommended,232810,8036944,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Anomaly,"I was looking at this game while it was majorly discounted and decided to give it a go. At first, the game wasn't too bad.  But after eight hours of practically the same thing, I was down right bored.  ""Sculpt, Click, click. ::Make more villagers.::  Click, click.  Oh hey, a box.  Sculpt. Another box.  Click, click.""  That is pretty much all there is to it so far.Sculpt the land so your villagers can expand.  Sure, there are some 'God Battles' but I found they were too easy and lack-luster.  This would be a game that I might pick up every once in a while, for a half hour or so at a time, but definitely isn't worth $19.99."
76561197992887397,Not Recommended,232810,7867823,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Phlush,"To begin with, I would never recommend this game to anyone for both gameplay and ethical purposes.The whole purpose of the game is to increase the population of your ""village"". This is achieved by *drumroll* flattening ground. Not only is this boring, the mechanics of flattening the ground is clunky, buggy, and frustrating.This game is nothing what it advertises. It is also nothing compared to the other game ""equivalents"" made 10 years ago.$19.99 is not worth a game that is supposed to be free and deserted.You would have more fun playing ""Earth Flattening Simulator 2013"""
,Not Recommended,232810,8271397,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,LouisPR,"Well I know this is an early access game but I expected more. Reus is a better God game and its going on steam sell for less than $3.00.Everyone that posted before me has hit the nail. This game feels like a facebook game, I'm tired of clicking and clicking and clicking and clicking. Powers are useless with incredible high demands, the chat bot is weird as one reviewer said.I just hope it gets better... I expected more from Molyneux."
,Not Recommended,232810,7868863,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,DoctorSpaceman,not yet . . . maybe once it's finished
76561198116168758,Not Recommended,232810,8552052,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,blown_engine,The most worthless game that I've ever paid for :(PLEASE DON'T REPEAT MY MISTAKE. Run you fools!
,Not Recommended,232810,8636970,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Valawyn [AGS],"Let me first say this: I know this is an Early Access Game.However, Early Access or not, unless this game changes some pretty fundamental concepts, Godus will remain a very unsatisfying experience.Godus feels incredibly...  Passive.The nearest comparison to Godus is, perhaps, Black and White and/or Black and White 2.  The thing is, though, that if you go into this game with that attitude or with that mindset, you will be horribly disappointed.  You control almost nothing.  You don't get to dictate placement of buildings; and even if you did, there's only one kind of ACTUAL building (houses of various ""tech level"") to create, and you do so by simply clicking and dragging land into as wide a section of flat, open area as you can manage.This game is almost entirely clicking and dragging.  There's nearly nothing else to do.  No commands to issue, no challenges to face, no interaction with your followers, nothing to demonstrate your godly powers upon (and even if there were, it would be terribly unsatisfying, like everything else in the game).The art style is bland and so minimalistic as to be legitimately unattractive.The user interface is one of the worst I've ever dealt with.The only content in the game is pointless expansion coupled with some insipid, uninspired, unrewarding ""challenge"" missions where you take on ""another player"" (read: insultingly obvious pre-scripted ""bot"" with an avatar that is a photo of someone).Honestly, I can't warn you away from this game enough.  Look elsewhere.  Maybe Reus or Black and White 2.  There's (probably) nothing for you here; you'd be better off with a Facebook game, because that's exactly what this feels like."
76561197963751544,Not Recommended,232810,9104845,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,loopy,just dont get it
,Not Recommended,232810,8639727,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Chopper Dave,"At least in its current state, it's a very casual tablet game. Very simplistic mechanics, no real strategic or tactical decisions."
,Not Recommended,232810,7869718,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Joszanarky,"This game isn't even worth being called a game. All you do is dig land and make villagers build huts. THAT'S IT, and i can only see you doing this forever.You also get battles against AI, not humans, this is not a multiplayer game. In addition the chat box for the AI fights is cringe worthy like horribly cringe worthy and the AI don't use the basic game mechanic of moving ground so you can trample them.I completely regret buying this 'game' and am going to see if i can get a refund for it."
,Not Recommended,232810,8011259,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Holy Breadstick,They need to start updating this freaking game.
,Not Recommended,232810,8373952,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Felonious Ham,"I can't recommend this. Seemed promising - a god game, with seemingly fun and open world-building, only to find it lacks any and all substance, and is just a click fest. The only challenge is your own patience, waiting for more unneccessary clicking."
,Not Recommended,232810,8993481,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Aseek,"This cannot be called a game, let alone marketed and sold as one, regardless of its phase of development. The only game being played here is you getting conned into buying this terrible thing."
76561198010921655,Not Recommended,232810,7870774,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,zortek,"It has all the good intentions and the basic framework necessary for something but it falls flat and become very clicky and ""rinse and repeat"" after the first six hours.  The challenge is increase by making the terrain more frustrating (which, IMHO, is more of an annoyance with the tools to work the more complex terrain being earned achievements AND cost features).  The AI  is an oxymoron...it simply isn't.  It is not my desire to be hateful.  The plebs are simply doltish.The click to release/collect stuff in the UI is unpleasant.  It works at the micro level, but at the MACRO level it is completely unworkable and the (""town"") solutions provided are absolutely untennable from a cost perspective -- that is, balance is beyond crack-smoking wacked.  This is where the suspension-of-disbelief completely breaks down.  A god should not be designating ""towns"".  BAH HUMBUG.  Villages, communities, towns, etc are emergent!  They should be self-organizing and set their own boundaries.  This how nonsense is just a silly ""gold sink"" that shatters the illusion of divinity and turns reduces the game to a poor hack of stone-age SimCity.All this aside, I will keep my eye on this title.  If 22 Cans doesn't go♥♥♥♥♥♥up and keeps their oars in the water, they have built a solid foundation with this product.  I believe it is a fine spring board.  It is sold as advertised.I am not unhappy with the product nor do I have buyers regrets.  I believe it is worth what I paid for it.  I do not believe it is worth full price of $19.99.  If you can get it at 50%-90% discount, then it is a value to have in the kit as this title grows."
,Not Recommended,232810,22811571,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Salamandave,"Early Access games are incompleted games still in development. Some of them are already entertaining, but Godus really feels incomplete.I would like to say ""wait until it's finished"", but it feels like it will never be. The development team rarely updates the game or interacts with the community, a community that already lost hope of seeing a finished product.It makes me sad to say I've lost hope, too. In the beginning it was very promising, I find the art style and sculpt system good, but we believe focusing too much on the mobile version made it go astray. Now I only hope the development team learned from their unfortunate mistakes, and I wish them luck for their next projects.If you still want to play it, search for it in the app shop of your mobile. Last time I checked it, it was free to play."
,Not Recommended,232810,30656088,Posted: 21 March,all,Nils Tillander,"Why is this still for sale for money? Game has been abandoned in the middle of dev, in a very unfinished stage."
,Not Recommended,232810,31656551,Posted: 9 May,all,The Archiver,"Incomplete game that has been in early access for years and will never be finished as the developer has declared it finished and moved on to his next scam.  Do not buy the spin off game either, it's entirely based on the terrible mini-game from this game."
,Not Recommended,232810,20531864,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Osakadows,"A game that makes a lot of promises, and a lot of lovely claims.Even the screenshots are amazing.But honestly, it's a sham.The current version has been out for over a year now,  in a unending state of neglect.Developers and PR are silent as the grave outside of hearing ""Working on it""The game is horribly unfinished and there is no patch in sight.As for the actual game itself.It is a basic cow clicker, except with less progression outside of some totems to unlock more land.For a while there was a hostile faction, but a few spells later they where destroyed and things got back to the boring grind.If you feel tempted to pick this up, try an actual cow clicker instead.As horrible as they are... at least they are finished."
76561198093451046,Not Recommended,232810,30616017,Posted: 19 March,all,rims838,"Don't buy this game it's a waste of your time, money, and effort. This game isn't what the discription says. And it's just plain boaring."
,Not Recommended,232810,9298261,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Eoj Charlie | Harpoon.tf,"Update: Gave Godus 2.0 a chance. Better but not something that's worth the money, nor my time. Recommend to stay away from Godus!I've been putting off writing a review for this game for quite some time, as I wanted to fully analyze all the concepts of Godus before giving an opinion.Godus is a game that sounds great. You play a God and you help craft a civilization, but in reality, it ranks as one of the worst games I've ever played. While I understand it is an Early Access Game, even then it appears to be going into a direction that upsets me.Want to build a building? Too bad, not enough mana. Want more mana? Wait 5 hours of real time, OR spend gold *cough* credits *cough* to rush the process. Oh wait, you wanted to build a building, right? Well the game thought you meant destroy the Northern side of your town... Whoops.But you may think, wait there's combat, that must be fun! I just clicked on their guys a bunch and killed them all. Ended the battle and went back to waiting 12 hours for enough mana to expand.But wait, I can't expand until I find resource cards. How do you find them, you ask? By click around the map until you find little chests with them in it. Something which may sound interesting, gets really old, real quick. Especially while waiting 12 hours for enough mana to find those chests.Overall, Godus is like being on an Easter Egg hunt where you have to find all the eggs buried under pounds of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ only to find the eggs themselves are full of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Except I imagine that would be more entertaining than Godus.If all else fails, take that extra $20 bucks you would have spent on Godus and rip it into shreds, the small amount of pleasure you get in those mere seconds will be much more than you get out of any hours of this lackluster, pretense of a real game."
76561198040166489,Not Recommended,232810,10433571,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Dark4s,I'm going to start by saying that this game has a lot of potential. (as do most of Peter Molyneux's concepts)BUT I don't think the developpers understand early access all that much. Its almost been a year now since I bought this game and out of the few early access games I own this one is the biggest dissapointment. Barely any updates plus alienating the community was bad but to find out all they really wanted to do was make this game into a mobile game! I'm still holding on to some hope that they'll come around but till then I recommend that YOU stay away from this dark place.I feel like I bought a lovely chocolate cake and when I brought it home and opended the box all that was it the box was a note saying IOU and a picture of a iphone with a chocolate cake as the home screen. Suprisingly both of these left a bad taste in my mouth.
,Not Recommended,232810,7769010,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Hobo Elf,"Wait until it's released and then get it. As of now the game is nothing but slow development, empty promises and is going into facebook app territory with the gameplay. Don't buy the early access.Edit: as of 2015 the game is still worthless.Edit Edit: As of 2016 the game is still worthless. Do NOT buy this game. It is never getting finished. This was a scam all along to fund their Godus mobile title which is where all the real development went into. Valve really should remove the game from the Steam store at this point."
76561198044921533,Not Recommended,232810,34496036,Posted: 25 August,all,Dangerous Woman,"Not worth your money, not even worth your time. I don't have a problem with the concept behind Godus, but the studio put out a half-finished project with what seemed to be little intention of completing it. Unfortunately that's always the risk with Early Access, but it's a shame this ended that way.If there's one lesson all gamers should learn, it's not to trust the word of Peter Molyneux."
,Not Recommended,232810,9925146,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,bifgis,PM and 22 Cans vastly misrepresent what they are trying to sell you here. Don't purchase this game even when it goes on sale. They are switching their profit model to microtransactions and want to milk you for a product with little to no entertainment value. Screenshots on Store Page are outdated and advertise features that are not included and the game has not been updated to include them in 8 months.
76561198020441797,Not Recommended,232810,11244212,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,ShadowDarter,RUN AWAY FROM THIS STEAMING PILE OF CODE.... JUST RUN!!
,Not Recommended,232810,11105460,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Booster Gold,"This game is a joke, it was decent at first, but they decided they were gonna rebuild everything a few times instead of progressing the game, or even finishing what they started when i bought the game like a year ago almost two.  i will never buy another 22cans game again, save your money for something worth it"
,Not Recommended,232810,9916875,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,W_,"The version I played had poor UI and gameplay that quickly became a boring time sink. From what I hear they've since made it worse, and might abandon it for a mobile version. I recommend staying away."
76561197991521063,Not Recommended,232810,11308458,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,(M)477,dont buy it. burn your money instead its a better investment.
76561198084780227,Not Recommended,232810,23337255,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Pajji,"I was really excited for this game at first, but now that I can see that it\'s clearly going nowhere, I wish I didn\'t spend any money on it at all.Also, how can you justify giving us this♥♥♥♥♥♥ and then releasing Godus Wars? Why would I purchase ANOTHER unfished gameg from this company? Finish something first, and then move on to another game if that\'s what you really want to do. I don\'t even want to try the other game because this one was such a huge letdown.However, I do need to thank this company. I\'m currently going to school for game developement and now I can see what NOT to do when producing a game. Listen to the comsumers. Maybe then you could create a decent game."
76561198044059992,Not Recommended,232810,26436055,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Reco,Abandoned and falsely advertised
76561198034702004,Not Recommended,232810,32162767,Posted: 3 June,all,Zeal of Sparta,Had charm and potential and it was easy to simply pick up and play. Unfortunaatley the TL:DR is that the develepers for Godus had whatever reason(s) have apparently given up on the project which is a real shame. I liked this game and I was entertained with its charm for a few hours but it turned into a grind too soon and the objectives faded away drastically when I was able to squash the opposing village with ease by spamming them with flame as if it were Sodom and Gomorrah.
,Not Recommended,232810,26282057,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,› Happy Camper [NOTACON],Bought this game a long time ago.  I should have known at that point it was stillborn.  Don't waste your money or time.
76561198032210832,Not Recommended,232810,28766712,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Dhaidrem,"I purchased this game very early on and thoroughly enjoyed it. However the updates continually made the game more unstable and removed key features from it that I had thoroughly enjoyed at the onset. I stopped playing after more than 60 hoping that when I came back months later the game would be a bit more stable as it had been in previous patches, however it seems 22cans has since been dissolved. What a massive disappointment. This game had so much potential before some soulless money hungry CEO came in and forced them to adapt the game as a mobile pay for play app. You all should be ashamed of yourselves."
,Not Recommended,232810,11645112,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,DestructionTM,"This game used to be fun, and then the newest update ruined it. Also, if you want to try the game, don't waste your money on it here, get it free on the IOS store. It is definetly not worth $20."
76561197961039566,Not Recommended,232810,10007686,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,JP,"The basic core gameplay elements of Godus are designed around waiting.  Every action you take in your world as a ""God"" requires significant time to come to fruition.  For example, I recently attempted to build a shrine and maxmized the amount of builder followers building it.  The time it took to build the shrine was over 30 minutes.  This style of core gameplay might work well for mobile games but it is unacceptable for a PC game.The player of Godus ends up waiting to be a God while the purchaser of Godus ends up waiting for Peter Molyneux to make good on his promises.  I highly suggest you do not purchase this game, unfortunately."
,Not Recommended,232810,13145566,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Tenderfolds,I bought this game with money and just caught my girlfriend playing it on her phone for free.
,Not Recommended,232810,10040159,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Antonytycoon,You could find better games on Facebook. This game isn't worth anything in its current state.
76561198034348794,Not Recommended,232810,14287456,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Lumk31,"I really dont understand what happened with this game. When it first game out it was really interesting, although it needed work. They recently did a huge update to it, and now it is basically unplayable. There is a new mechanic that rates how happy your people are...aaand it is impossible to understand. So now you will have people leaving your group without reason. Additionally they have made the game extreemely freemium heavy. You used to be able to play click simulator all you wanted (this game), but now the amount of faith that you produce is so small, and the amount required to do anything is so large you have to wait several hours between building. All in all don't get this game. If you want the same experience just click your mouse over and over again for 3 hours."
76561197971561504,Not Recommended,232810,14320475,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,pmorelli,"Had promise, but its going nowhere.  Waste of money.  Really makes me think twice about investing in any early access games if they can just pull this crap."
,Not Recommended,232810,32453588,Posted: 15 June,all,^000[LB]Black ^089Strawberries,"I regret the 15$ I bought this game for back in 2015 during a steam sale. Unfinished garbage, and as of now (6/15/17) no one is working on the game. DO NOT BUY."
,Not Recommended,232810,31592159,Posted: 6 May,all,Pinon,"Horrible, unfinished piece of monkey dudu"
76561198052289431,Not Recommended,232810,30474247,Posted: 12 March,all,Hoellenbrut,In my steam library since the end of 2014 and it's still early access.
76561198030026716,Not Recommended,232810,32628643,Posted: 21 June,all,La Duc De Free-Meals,Devs abandoned. Do not buy.
76561198096211179,Not Recommended,232810,32916936,Posted: 28 June,all,Austin,"Godus is a very pleasing game visually. Other than that, the game is a pain with with the micro managing being difficult to do, and the terrain editing being quite clumsy."
76561198035859811,Not Recommended,232810,24800339,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,MoistGrandma,Have you ever nought something and then realized...wow I completely regret this descision.
,Not Recommended,232810,24867861,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,NewWorldMan,"This game showed a lot of initial promise, but 22Cans has, alas, left this title to slowly wither away and die.  They did not even have the decency to release the source code and let modders pick up the torch.  Toward the end, they only made things worse, removing the multiplayer option and neutering what was left.But above all, if you're going to buy this excuse for a game, be aware it is not repeat NOT ""in development"" (and shame on Steam for allowing it to continue to wear that false label).  It will NEVER be developed further, If you pay more than $3.99 for it, you are getting ripped off."
,Not Recommended,232810,20363891,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Tyrant,"I wanted to like this game. I really tried to like this game. I played it for 51 hours, across different updates and really did want to like this game...This feels like a stillborn. 9 months of excitement leading up to utter soul crushing disappointment.I can only hope the team can hit the whiteboards and figure out a strategy to pull it together. If they do, I'll be more than happy to come back and re-review the game. In its current state, with the company being pretty much bankrupt and hemorrhaging staff, it's not likely going anywhere until Molyneux gets picked up by a producer or sells the IP..."
,Not Recommended,232810,20141088,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,sylvos,i tryed to play it but YOU NEED TO PAY FOR A F2P PHONE GAME WTFand you have micro transactions
,Not Recommended,232810,20791416,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,SoftSquare,"Peter Molyneux took our money, ran to one of his five helicopters and abandoned this game."
76561198073715685,Not Recommended,232810,9921006,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,peter_brazier,"This game promises a lot, i know that it is still an Alpha, and for that i am willing to look past many of its issues. The current version has fixed some of these but there are many more. Primarily there was too much clicking involved, this game was the poster child for repetitive strain injury however now with the ability to click and drag it is more user friendly. Having said that there are still many problems with the controls, it is difficult to manipulate the terrain and it still takes too long to move many levels of land. But i have faith that these things will get fixed in time, my concern is that the fundamental vision for the game is poor. It is in essence an exercise to flattening the map into one large space. As the map expands and I see large mountains, i am filled with a sense of dread at the prospect of the amount of time it will take to wear those mountains down.The main problem with the current game set up is that the game plot is just not fun. You don’t feel like a god creating an interesting world for people to live in. instead you just feel like you are creating a giant car park. Unfortuanlty until the fundamental ethos of the game changes this will not be a game worth playing let alone paying for."
76561197997284461,Not Recommended,232810,9923668,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,MustardJeep,"Picked godus up because hey its a god sim. Wasen't expecting much because it's a moly project.It's a click fest that is just broken enough to be extreamly frustrating......call it candy crush syndrome. It playes a lot like a ten minuite time waster on an IPhone. Enough timers and enough delays that it goes from being in the grove playing to hitting a brick wall with regularity.That said using a time honored tradition of cheating you can plow ahead more or less at your own speed.And then there are the storms......................................A micromanaging god game where you can lead your followers around as needed, sculpt the land, and drop monuments to encourage things..................and they put in enviromental hazards that can wipe entire city blocks of buildings so you don't get any faith AKA god cash until you tell each and every follower to go out and repair houses. And by the time you are done it's ususually just before the next storm because the followers are really really stupid and you have to keep on them pumping the god given endurance or they never make it before the next storm.Personally I say avoid this one. review current as of april update for godus."
,Not Recommended,232810,14835030,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Sandypants,"Buy this game at your Peril. Peter Molyneux takes his penchant for not finishing games to a whole new level by openly not giving a stuff. Lies, lies and more lies.It doesn't help that the game is awful. For a 'God' game, there's not much going on in the omnipresence department!"
76561198074388839,Not Recommended,232810,9942786,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,KvotheArcane,"I will never get this money backThis was the biggist waste I have ever spent on a game EVER (and I bought Beowolf)no storyline, no real progression, intolerable interface, time wasting energy refillFailure to entertain, interact with the poeple, limited game play interactioncan't undo changes, can't raise land, no notable updates since I got it,I can go on and on about everthing wrong with it, and can't find one reasonto make it better in any way.  I hope they cancel it and refund the people whobought it, all of them."
,Not Recommended,232810,9895692,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,viluh,Don't get this game. I know it's not complete but I now believe it's broken (by the developers) and will never be fixed.Nevermind the several bugs that are all to be expected from a game that's in alpha or beta stage - this game is broken at the core.Stick to Populous. It's 25 years old but still beats Godus hands down.
76561197960379518,Not Recommended,232810,10389065,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Orange Joe,"This game really feels like a free to play mobile game made for pc, and one that costs way more than free. Sure, you can sort of guide your followers and sort of shape the land, but its all about collecting stupid stuff, and clicking on houses, and waiting and waiting.Not good, don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,232810,8793447,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,WithoutID,"This game was fun for a few hours, but its underdevelopment makes it frustrating after a while.  Unless they post a huge update before the end of January, this game is just a sadly unrealized concept-piece."
,Not Recommended,232810,10034245,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Wolfdog54,Biggest lie/failed promise from PeTA yet.This game is worth less than a 3/4 lbs hamburger from wendy's. You'd enjoy that a hell of a lot more.
,Not Recommended,232810,13110308,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,The Plaguedoctor,"I do not recommend this game, mostly because I honestly do not find there to be a point in playing it.I don't mean to say that in an enraged, wasted my money kind of way. I don't see any goals in the game other than repetatively opening up flat areas of land where your ""people"" can settle.I'm not going into much depth, others have done that for me. In short, this game isn't worth $5, let alone $20."
76561197993591960,Not Recommended,232810,28450720,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,laughingcow,Pre-paid for this garbage game while it was still in development. Peter Molyneux has now run off with my money and abandoned it and even has a new game released! These people should be sued.
,Not Recommended,232810,28466337,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Hawkchanskiy,stillborn game. deceitful developers. 0/10
,Not Recommended,232810,14208909,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Tiur,"In earlier versions I actually thought this game was kinda fun, even though it lacked a lot of content. I've now tried the latest versions and found the game to be less fun than earlier. Waiting for belief to be able to sculpt was bad enough, but now having to wait for food to build as well took the fun out of it for me. In addition they put in an annoying feature that makes your population drop if they're unhappy. I tried deleting some abodes to make room for bigger ones, but found that I then had no food to build the larger abodes and the deleting of abodes made my population so unhappy that large portions of them moved away. You might argue that I played it the wrong way, but it seems weird that it should be -so- punishing trying to edit your layout."
,Not Recommended,232810,14264123,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,RSnowfox,"[edited 2015} i do have a feeling this game has been abandond, i have not seen any update to the game.. I do not advise you spend your money on this game ,save it for something more Deserving of your suport and prob more funI am sad to Say that i am dissapointed with this Game;-Yes the Demonstration vido looked cool but the game dosn't play all that wellThe recent updates in my view have pulled the game away from a decent looking game showed on LP videos on youtube..Pros:-no Rl money needed for pc Game one payment:-(sorry i can't think of any other)Cons'-1) Drag to clear land is clunky and can cause wrist and hand damange2) repetitve clicking3)the Gems4) unlocking the cards twice is slowed down with having to drag and DropMain issue is boredem.. this is a time related game meaning lots and lots of waiting all the while Hurting your hard as you clear land, the game then Handicaps you with the Resoreses neeed to build ot clear land(is it worth it)I am not sure i did try going into this game with a open mind Being a Fan of the Creators older games with his old publisher But in my Feeling this is one big let down and from His games Background (coloured liked or disliked) He should have known better."
,Not Recommended,232810,14130570,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Zacinoff,"This game started off with MASSIVE potential but it seems as they ""develop"" the game it just gets worse and worse. I'm not sure where they are going with the game because each new release feels like there is a completely new direction.I bought this game July-ish 2014 and it has done nothing but get worse. This game is most definatly NOT worth the current cost. This should be free until they figure out what the heck they are doing.Maybe, just MAYBE when the game is out of beta it'll be playable. Give it another 2 years though... :(The reason for my distrust in this game and Peter Molyneux is the fact that he accepted SO much money from Kickstarter and Early Access Release wthout creating much of anything.I'm a little upset at the development delays and this article shines some light on some serious issues:http://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2015/02/13/peter-molyneux-interview-godus-reputation-kickstarter/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+rockpapershotgun%2Fsteam+%28Rock%2C+Paper%2C+Shotgun%3A+Steam+RSS%29"
76561198007379230,Not Recommended,232810,14092623,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,White_Wolf,"I'm going to start with saying. I was a huge Populous fan ( it was from the deceased company Bullfrog ..... which for those to young to remember, is when we had truly great God Sims like Dungeon Keeper and the aformentioned Populous Franchise ). For some reason no one makes great *God Sim* games anymore ............ I had hope for this. But after paying and playing this garbage. I can safely say this is a smack in the face to Populous. It's NOT fun at all, it's sluggish boring and repetitive. Esentially Populous The Beginning without all the cool fun streamlined combat, village building and awesome world altering spells. ( Everything is a chore in this game ) Seriously people save your money and rather grab yourself a copy of *Populous The Beginning* ........... yes it's dated but it's still a million times better then this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Kind Regards,Peace to my brothers and sisters,Jared"
76561197982042238,Not Recommended,232810,12446006,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Duskwave,"I wanted to like this, but there's no  ""there"" there."
76561198015235067,Not Recommended,232810,9463573,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Dr Kheese,"This game is a pay-to-click PoS poorly 'designed' for iOS and other mobile devices, it was not ever designed for a PC market and you should not inflict it upon your computer.Even after the mythical and very long awaited v2.0 update the core mechanics have not changed.  The developers have simply tweaked some values to 'reduce the amount of clicking'.These 'changes' (which apparently took 3-4 months to implement) increase the value of in-game currency given for each click, but increase the duration between clicks. This effectively means you spend more time doing nothing instead of clicking; not a very enlightened trade-off.The ability to double click to ‘sculpt’ the terrain has also been removed, thus making terrain ‘sculpting’ (flattening) less clicky, having the amazing effect of making it slower and similarly (or perhaps more) RSI inducing.The end results of v2.0 update is to make the game slower, and leave the player doing nothing instead of clicking. If I was a cynic, instead of a realist, I might suggest that this would be a good place to insert ‘use gems to speed up <insert verb here>’ mechanic, and the inevitable and corresponding ‘purchase gems for real <insert currency here>’ in the store that ‘doesn’t exist’.Good times…Do your body, mind, soul, wallet, and computer hardware a favour, and stay as far away from this cancerous and ultimately unrewarding excuse for a ‘game’ as you are able.Do not ever pay money for this ‘game’.Do not accept it as a gift; be offended if someone tries to give it to you.The horror... the horror..."
76561198045760476,Not Recommended,232810,8822649,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Ironfirewall,"Makes me think of a highschool project, really cool concepts but poorly executedUpdate January 16, 2016: Project is pretty much dead"
,Not Recommended,232810,29227623,Posted: 13 January,all,Be Blue !,game was abandoned
76561198071343567,Not Recommended,232810,23922494,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Sam B,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄GODUS▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561197982706998,Not Recommended,232810,14701874,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,KiwiPete,"Goddus - a game gone wrong, by a development team with no clear path forward. (A review on the PC version only)A sad outcome for a premise that promised so much. Goddus has been plauged numerous problems relating to delivering on the vision that was published on Kickstarter.Without focusing on the many broken promises, or failure to live up to (what I think are realistic) expectations, Goddus is underwhelming in all aspects. The long promised story mode is a poor text only background story accessed by clicking on chests. The poor execution of gaining power (mana) and the general lack of multiplayer leaves the player without much to do.The game as it stands (this long into development) is simply not fun.The game's (re)design is substandard, the execution is substandard and the removed features such as multiplayer is incomprehensible.  The game is supposed to be around 52% finished (this has only risen about 12% over the last 18 months or so I THINK (speculation on my part), yet is now in the years behind schedule.The funding of this game appears to be based on deception or at the very best, incompetent promises without the ability to make good on the promises.Don't you fall into the same trap that I did. Put your money towards another game or save it until Godus is eveually finished (or you reach pension age - which ever comes first).This game is dead."
76561198022253830,Not Recommended,232810,12625604,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,PixelParasite,It's more fun to to open and close a folder on your desktop then to play Godus. Buy something else.
,Not Recommended,232810,15827198,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Americelt,Not sure how they screwed up such a cool idea but this game really sucks.
76561198001785696,Not Recommended,232810,15820107,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Keegan802,It had so much promise.  Then nothing happened
,Not Recommended,232810,7887052,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,lanessar,"I'm afraid I haven't played the latest patch (1.3), but stopped at 1.2. Sadly, this game (while it has promise) was fun and new for a few hours, but it certainly didn't live up to the expectations put forth with the video interviews. This is Peter, so I did go into it with a grain of salt. However, the gameplay aspects were shallow in the extreme, only rewarding flat lands and even the existing gameplay of the ""40% completed"" being incomplete to a marked degree.The detractors have valid points (if poorly stated). This plays more like a FarmVille game than the ""re-envisionment of the God game"" that was discussed by the developers. There is an abundance of clicking, even after settlements. Most of the gameplay subsisted of creating level land so that your followers could just build more bigger houses, and discovering cards (like ""wood"" after you've de-leveled several forests). It can be ""mindless fun"", but then, you are missing out on the whole ""God-game"" aspect of control and direction which was presented in many interviews/demos before the beta started.Everyone purchasing should fully understand that this is a beta (actually closer to alpha, as key features have not been included and many key features are being re-designed), and my review was written from that standpoint. I will update it as time goes on.As of recently, the total disregard for the community who funded the project, as well as (now going on the fifth month without an update to the game) how they are dealing with the development process is wildly in violation of how Peter stated during both the kickstarter and during the initial Steam greenlight project. Even a complete re-write should see more participation than this from the developers.Their behavior is more toward a company who will never provide a product (a la cash grab), even if their intentions are good. Three months since a decent blog post or any sort of communication (besides a tweet of ""we are still working on it"") - this is a real slap to the face on many decent developers with far fewer resources than 22Cans.At this point, I believe the company should be renamed ""22Cant's"". As a developer myself, I do not condone their lack of communication and development progress after nearly half a year, and most developers with greenlit projects don't follow this mindset, either. All of the vitrol from the players could have been avoided with a decent communication model, and better development standards ("
76561197986515430,Not Recommended,232810,7887938,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,govtarkin,"DONT GET SUCKED IN LIKE ME!!!Thought this might be a simple indie game based on black & white style of play, nope dead wrong this is best described as a 20$ facebook browser game. I will i got about 2-3 hours of fun out of it but it quickly turned to things taking hours to happen and on top of that you have to click every building over and over to collect the resourse used. On top of that you can only get a few settelments a item that pools the buildings together so you do not have to click them all, except that you can only get 3 with the resourse then you are stuck with buying more with gems that you will have to buy with real money when they open the store. The game plays completly like a free to play. And damn you to Steam you need to put a large warning on anygame that is going to have a microtrasaction system so people don't pay 20$ to get to have a free to play style game."
76561198012161600,Not Recommended,232810,9075466,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Tal,"I feel that I have been lied to and cheated out of my money with this game. I didn't buy it to help fund a freemium game which is what this is. I was lead to believe that this was a new god sim for th PC. Sure that seems to be the basic idea, but a couple of minutes in it's painfully obvious that 22cans is making a freemium game. If I had known I wouldn't have bought it even on sale. Very unhappy about the lack of real information."
76561197995469077,Not Recommended,232810,8375486,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ElvenMercenary,Avoid this! Its hardly even a game right now. Ill check it out again after it releases.
,Not Recommended,232810,8670967,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,spook and fright,"To be honest, I'm struggling. I'm struggling to like Godus.While it has elements that are unique and ideas that bring back those feelings of Populus, it just feels like a total miss. I understand that it is currently an Early Access title, but for a God Game, it's way too limiting. I watched many a video and read many a review on this game before buying it, and quite frankly the only thing that did it was the 50% off deal this weekend and the minimalistic visuals which I find quite aesthetically pleasing. Reviews weren't looking good, and even with the complaints I believed that there was still something more to Godus than what most people were saying.I'm pleased to say that there was, but only for a while. The beginning of the game throws you right in, but that's it, you get right in and there's no where else to go. You click, you wait, you click, you wai- hang on, am I playing some kind of Molyneux Farmville? It certainly feels that way. Your world expands, and I'll admit it's quite a nice feeling to see how much your civilisation has grown but when you get 5 hours in it feels like you're doing it to no avail. What is your goal? Where is this going? Who the hell thought up this grind of a card system? Finding the first few chests was fun but back then I thought they were 'secrets'. Littering the world with floating confetti to show where they are really is quite annoying when I have to double-click my way to victory.Now of course, when I ask 'What's the point?' the obvious answer is to develop your civilisation, but so far it feels like nothing is happening. Every once in a while you collect enough cards to advance to the next age, and as you do you can build bigger buildings and progress further, dominating the land you live on. I'm just sick of waiting. Once you advance to the point where you can build cottages, you have to wait 23 minutes for it to complete building (45 minutes in-game time for whatever reason).Okay, the only good point about the game at its current stage is the battles. They are semi-fun in that it shakes things up a bit and you are ACTUALLY FIGHTING for the survival of your people. Completing these battles are an interesting way to advance your civilisation, but even after you acquire an advance card you are required to gather resources to progress, and the only way to do that is rely on RANDOMISED CHESTS.TL;DR It's a farse, I'll play a bit more to see if it goes anywhere but I strongly recommend you avoid this till it improves (if it does). There are some unique and fun elements that will entertain you for the first hour or two, but after a while it feels like a pointless grind and you feel as though you could make a better use of your time."
,Not Recommended,232810,8735354,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Minos,"I honestly can't recommend this game, it just has no depth at all and the experience consists basically of clicking clicking clicking to find cards buried in the terrain. I can't stress the clicking enough, the amount of it in this game is insane and makes me wonder if the developers even tested the game with a mouse. It's so bad that it made my wrists numb. I'd say that playing this game for 20 minutes is as stressful to your wrists as playing CS for hours...I'll probably try it again in the future if the developers add more depth, but that doesn't seem very likely considering it would require a complete revamp of the core gameplay, and if the clicking issue is resolved.It's a joke that this game costs 20 bucks when it's pretty obvious the core gameplay was designed around it being a free to play title. This is the first time I purchase an early access game and feel completely ripped off. I'd totally ask for a refund if it was possible.My suggestion? Stay away from this game if you don't want to develop carpal tunnel."
,Not Recommended,232810,7880209,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Muhammad,"I wish steam review was up when i bought this game, its really boring i really tried to play because i had spend money.But just repetitive and boring. Dont recommend."
,Not Recommended,232810,9689531,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Qbert Grey,"Godus, The Game of WaitingThe game is beautiful and can be fun as long as you like waiting.  If you like any of those Facebook games where you do a couple things and then come back in 20 minutes then this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,232810,8869489,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Sakkano,"Aug 11, 2014: An update came out, and I'm okay with parts, but then very unhappy with outhers. There's not an advisary civilization called the Ashtari. They first make their appearence and jibbering little men with wooden masks and they taunt your followers. At first it was amusing.The commentary int eh game help, but SUPPRISE! Thsoe Ashtari are going to bleed your population dry. If you;re not as happy or happier than the Ashtari, you will bleed population. You know nothing of this mechanic until you quite possibly sarcificed population for gems, which they make sound like it's a good or necessary thing. To me, this new ""feature"" is WAY imbalanced. Where they can steal a good number of people in an hour, it take any building 30 minutes to repopulate when emptied. Whitch the fact that you can't impove happiness later, you might as well be trying to use a bucket with a damned hole in it. The programmers let you see your happiness meter where it stis quite close to the middle if you didn't sacrifice a single person, but the Ashtari start with a higher happiness, so you're screwed. And if you didn;t buy cards prudently, they you're even more screwed.Voyages are more defined, but the problem is that if the main game still continues while the voyage continues, you're still apt to lose population to the Ashtari and you can;t do much about it because youlre scarmbling to scrape for gems and stickers.Still missing in an official reset. You still have to delete gamefiles if you messed up. Also missing is the ability to make multiple saves. The game autosaves for you, but there will be only ONE save.Added was the commentary, which I first though was helpful, but then it was just a bloody nightmare. The best thing to do is to play at your own pace. Screw what teh commentary says. Build your population base up and get as many freebies as you can before really expanding. In essence, Turtle harder than the main commentator.The game is imporving, but it keeps rtaking steps back. Hopefully after the next update, I will have better things to add?I know that the game is an early release, but it still feels overwhelmingly stacked against you.Jan 21,2014: While playable on a PC, this game would porbably be better on tablets, or even comuters with tough screens and windows 8.The meta-story in the game is somewhat interesting, and if you don't know better, you might think it was an actual chat room.The game also has the feel of an older games done by the same guy. Notably, it's VERY similar to Populous. Serious updates and fixes are needed. A bug that proves fairly annoying is that after storms, you cannot rouse residents to fix their houses. The game shows promise with further development, but currently, it feels like an empty shell."
76561198118678215,Not Recommended,232810,9503478,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,s810bottron,"So, in B&W1 I was given a handful of followers. Same as Godus. In B&W, I would create disciples, plot new farms and actually help harvest and collect food for the village, putting it in a village store. This was to encourage growth, namely, reproduction. Coupled with the food collection there was a wood collection aspect to ""pay"" for the newly constructed farms, and as new villagers were bred, I would build new houses, and civic centers to encourage growth.In Godus, I move land to make new structure plots simply appear. Then I would click and wait. Then once those are full, I move more land to make more plots appear to click them and wait. Then a new ""stage"" would have me move land to make farm plots appear to click on them and wait.See, in the First B&W, there was in interconnected web system of needs and wants. These systems would pull on other aspects creating a complex balancing act between resource collection and its application.In Godus, all the needs have been removed. Simplifying the strategy to, clear land for buildings, click on their plots to make them appear, then wait for people to fill them. Repeat as needed.This is the same simplification that led B&W2 to being a simple matter of power resource collection to build huge swaths of cites, which ultimately attracted all the other inhabitants on the island to migrate to your city. If you did nothing but power build, the game was done in 4 hours. A shame, as it still had hints of complex balancing systems, and even incorporated an army system that was really a waste of resources that could be used to build the city bigger to... Win.Godus however, stripped the last vestiges that could be considered ""strategic gameplay"" away, instead relying on a large enough playing field that it becomes a matter of setting a patrol of looking for things to click, click them, and while you’re waiting, make more room for building to be clicked on.I guess what I’m getting at is this game, hell, the entire God Sim genre, has been simplified. Gone is the complex strategy of determining if that last bit of wood from the nearly clear cut forest on your land was to be used for a new house, to extend your borders of influence, or to offer it as a gift to another uncontrolled village to hopefully win their belief, or throw it at their houses to smash them and make them fear and respect you, or... ANYTHING! The game truly felt like a sandbox.Godus is like playing with a stopwatch. You click you wait, you decide where you’d prefer to click some more, level that land by clicking, then click some new plots to have new clickable buildings.I don’t know if I’ve made my point entirely. I fear I haven’t. I fear you wouldn’t know what to do with this information. I fear you would rather play Farmville than reinstall B&W1 and see what was so damn good about that game. I fear this because of this 2.0 ""reinvention"". I fear for the future of god games. I don’t know if the world will ever be blessed with another B&W1. I kind of doubt it ever will. I hope for this game. I hope it can become one tenth the game B&W1 was, IS! It isn’t. It can’t be. Not with the fundamental game design it is sculpted around.Replay B&W1.Really take the time to see the game play system. (Resource management, base/city building, population management, a true belief system, critical thinking and open ended problem solving (to toss the rock or place the rock? (good or evil))Learn from past mistakes (B&W2 city building earning ""impressive"" points, destroyed your belief system)And make a god Sim worth of the title.Godus is an awful game in comparison to its predecessors. I wish it wasn’t. Only you hold its keys though.Leave it as the card collecting, sticker sticking, Farmville tablet gaming, thoughtless, strategic less pretty looking time wasterOrRethink its very core gameplay rules, and remake the entire game, pulling from the resoundingly popular and honestly, best God game in existence, Godus’ big brother, B&W1.You are a brave development company, weathering the public as you have. Bravo! But you do have our money, and almost every one of us is chanting ""BAIT AND SWITCH!'"
,Not Recommended,232810,8824008,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,DRUNK edis,"to much hype, waste of money :("
,Not Recommended,232810,8853116,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Tom,"bought the game on 40% completion, half a year later and they show the game is at 41%!! So half a year for one percentage! are they joking?!! Besides the game was more playable at 40.. the landscape in certain areas of my map the place can't be shaped anymore. But maybe that is for the best. Its not fun to play anyway: way too much clicking and no influence in how your people develop (set path). I should accept that I wasted money on this and not waste time as well."
76561198114097500,Not Recommended,232810,8860146,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Mahogany & Vincent,Yes I always wanted to play a ipad game on my computer CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK
76561197980260277,Not Recommended,232810,8957966,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,-=HN=- Wild9,"Bought this when it was available for purchase and it has not been updated since October 2013. Now February 2014 and still waiting. Not worth $20, not worth $10."
76561197965023115,Not Recommended,232810,8840544,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Razael,boring!
,Not Recommended,232810,13215543,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Vengoth,It was fun at for about 10h then u relize this is it :p
76561198130144767,Not Recommended,232810,16020309,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Deadly Fangs,Have been trying to play the game since I bought it last year and all it does it glitch. At first I couldn't save my worlds and now I can't make new ones. Do yourself a favor and DON'T buy it.
,Not Recommended,232810,16343760,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,DomoPANTS,"Silly amount of mouse clicking that led nowhere. Kept thinking there would be more somewhere, nope. Even if they add a bunch of content, I have a hard time feeling this will ever get good."
76561198107134974,Not Recommended,232810,17462848,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Sianay,2 years later and still in progress...
,Not Recommended,232810,8373984,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Daniel.Drache,"DO NOT BUYIts a cash grab, I bought the game 2 years ago, apart from the mobile game beign developed, almost nothing has been done to the PC game.Its buggy as hell, no reason to play, the attacks are annoying at best.It is just a crap money grabbing game"
,Not Recommended,232810,8568354,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Solorvox,"This is nothing more then a click-fest, free-to-play clone (see the in-game shop for gems) and over promised features that didn't even come close a real beta. This would hardly make an alpha or prototype game with the current content. It's clear that that they wanted to do a free-to-play mobile game and then changed their mind and sold this for $20 on PC. Problem is it still has all the game mechanics of a flash game. Click favor billion times to do anything. Buy gems from the ""shop"" to speed up buildings. WAIT for hours while the game builds your structures.I feel they lied and misled the community and haven't been this upset about a purchase on steam. Avoid at all costs!"
,Not Recommended,232810,9821324,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Zairs,"This game has become absolutely horrible since the previous update, and some of the last few as well. Most definitely do not recommend, they have gone way off track of the original gameplay which made the game so fun."
76561198031755529,Not Recommended,232810,9468435,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Hoferman,really boring waste of my money
76561198038412346,Not Recommended,232810,9406602,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Anemology,"This game so far has been a disappointment. After all the hype was built I decided to give ol' Molyneux another chance and once again got burnt, don't let my playtime fool you it wasn't from hours of enjoyment but from the game running in the background with out my notice."
76561198064015098,Not Recommended,232810,8416165,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Cultural Cats,"When I got this game, it looked as though it would be very fun, but as I started playing it, I found that it was quite boring, and the gameplay consisted of clicking people so they didn't die. At $20.00 I thought that this was a riduculous price for the game, which in all honesty, should really be a tablet game, the way you play it is just not good for a PC."
76561198015362689,Not Recommended,232810,12687312,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,AverageZ,"Once upon a time this game was okay, now it is useless. Welcome to playing a phone game on your computer. It takes ages for anything to happen (as if you are supposed to build something and then check it later). Constant bombardment about how the dev's like gems (again just a phone game). Save yourself the money and the boredom. Don't bother buying this game."
,Not Recommended,232810,8156118,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Dilmandioca,I Just don't recommend this game. Really don't worth the price.
76561198012198920,Not Recommended,232810,9155708,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Norea,"I thought €19 wasn't so bad, I love God-games. Even better when you can play with others. But I didn't realize so little of the game was developed, 41%, and no progress in months. Now the game just sits in my library looking pathetic. I got enthusiastic about it in the beginning, even got another copy for a friend so we could play together. Too bad you finish it in about a weekend and then there really aren't anything left to do because the multiplayer is not working. ""I came, I saw, now I've got a mousearm""."
,Not Recommended,232810,8659020,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Tarvitz,"The game is just about flattening the ground so your little followers can build houses.Run out of Jesus juice? No worries, just click the bubble on the house, and then go back to clicking the land to flatten it some more.*ville style games have more interaction.Despite this still being Early Access, I don't think the final product will be worth while as the issues are due to the core game style of click to flatten."
,Not Recommended,232810,8259394,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Winkle von Decibles,"The IDEA is very fun and casual, but mechanic really cripple this title.  This would actually be better suited as a phone app because using a cursor gets very tedious at times.  The game itself is not very fun, and I'm failing to see what the big deal is, Peter Molyneux.  I regret spending my money on early access to this thing, and I do not recommend anyone do so.  I don't think it will be a good game, but definetely do not spend money on this thing before it's finished.UPDATE: I wrote this review 9 months ago, when I had put what ended up being an unfair-to-me amount of time into the game in order to write a decent review.  Now that the game has been updated, I dare not make that mistake again.  I can tell you now that after a large change in format, the game is still essentially the same.  It STILL needs to be a phone app because that is the feel of it.  It's not an RTS because you're forced to wait in real time for things to occur and resources to gather.  In the audio tutorial Molyneux gives in this new updated version, he reminds players to, ""build with strategy,"" and I find that very amusing, considering there is no concievable part of the game I would say involves strategy, other than the miniscule quests to retrieve more stickers for power-ups, and that addition almost seems to have been added with the purpose of giving the player something to take their mind off the fact that they're being forced to wait in real time for their fun to begin.  The game is cruel to the players, in this regard.  Honestly, I don't understand how a team of developers can continue with a title like this, or how it could possibly still be recieving funding.  That is how unfun this thing is.Honestly, the one thing I was just waiting to hear Molynieux say throughout the entire audio tutorial was, ""Now, you may want to get up and go do somrthing else for a bit, because large abodes take up to 20 minutes at time to produce anything usable in-game.""Do not buy this early access.  I still do not think it will make a good finished product.Final verdict: cell phone app trying to play with the big boys."
,Not Recommended,232810,8644745,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Toast-Oran,"Finger hurts from all the clicking, good lord"
,Not Recommended,232810,9154629,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Switcha,"Do not buy, it's month old with no progress, clear scam, the company is selling its reputation rather than a game."
76561198055402999,Not Recommended,232810,7753526,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Urist McGamer,"This game is horrable. It makes you think it's some sort of awesome tactical stratagy game, when really, it is an over glorified facebook game. All you do is click on your guys 'fath' and flaten land for them to build on. And multiplayer? That is a lie. There is no multiplayer, it's just an AI the pretends that she is a player and the only new thing added to this 'multiplayer' is clicking on your guys to heal them. All in all, this was a wasted $20. Stay away."
76561198070413486,Not Recommended,232810,9629792,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,RonEmpire,"In it's current state.  I do NOT recommend this game.   If you played Populous and was hoping this game would be like Populous, then I hate to burst your bubble.  It's not.   It's too facebook like."
,Not Recommended,232810,16397474,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,MightyOarfish,"Complete and utter garbage. And worse than that, it's unfinished garbage."
,Not Recommended,232810,8540516,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,FREDORIK,Remove this game from steam.
,Not Recommended,232810,8637179,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,103CI of CAWK,"When you purchase an early access game the idea is to help a project move along because you believe it will be good. Well this project may be good when it gets released.... In a retro sort of way. The updates to this game are non-existant. It appears the developers for the most part stopped work on it. When this game actually is released it'll be like us going back to play NES, it may be interesting for a day but then we can go back to the virtual reality games. This game has been on sale so many times in early access its pathetic. Don't bother. The game itself, its a decent alpha, with 0 replayability."
76561198038216737,Not Recommended,232810,8637664,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Nivlac13,"Do NOT buy. Not for twenty dollars, not for ten, not for five."
76561197975763521,Not Recommended,232810,9193790,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Titanius Cuddlesmith,It has the full potential of being a FaceBook click game. Not as a PC game. Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,232810,9467005,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,click-clack,"This game is not fun. Unfinished garbage, avoid."
,Not Recommended,232810,9443645,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Drayth,Don't ever buy this game unless you want to get carpal tunnel syndrome. You don't even feel like a god because your power are simply pathetic(20 clicks to remove 2m of dirt )Stay away from this ''game''
76561197979040114,Not Recommended,232810,9462253,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Luxus,"Reviewing after 2.0 update. Entire game has significantly changed, though none for the better.The graphics have been downgraded, much of the game now would navigate better if it were played via tablet so tasks like going through the horizontal progress bar are aggravating at best.The clicking has been removed in lieu of clicking once and dragging. This however has lead to a complex system of clicking, holding, dragging, and often has undesirable or confusing outcomes. IE being unable to escape a tutorial because you're unsure which way to click or hold or drag the mouse.The actual gameplay has become very confusing from the original. You set up town centers and designate parts of the population for different roles, but why? Afterwards the population seems to do little to nothing and understanding how to control them or what to do with them was inexplicable to me.If you find any of this review confusing its likely because I was confused about how to even understand the game. Certain aspects are simple, others overly complex, the new sticker system is very tiresome.There are abundant reports of crashing and bug problems but none of these were problems with my set up. So the only problem is that the game, the gameplay, the plot, continue to disappoint. If you're interested in this game, then do not buy it until it is a finished product.Last early access game that I'll ever back. For a game I had high hopes for, it has disappointed through each and every update."
,Not Recommended,232810,8638369,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Nochex,"The game as it is now... well I'm not going to write down a bible of complaints, I'm just going to say the same thing the other 779 people are saying below me. The game is about clicking the land as if you have parkinson's decease, that's about it. Unless they add a REAL ""godlike"" concept like Black and White or Populous the game is barely entretaining and becomes repetitive after 20 mins of playing. Do not buy."
76561197989777640,Not Recommended,232810,8376183,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Lykke,"I bought Godus in the belief that it would be a micro-managing game, very reminiscent of the ""Black and White"" series, because it seemed to in that direction.What i got was a left clicking simulator.No, im deadly serious. That's the controls. There are no choices, you just sit on your flat♥♥♥♥♥♥from an overview perspective (Civilization style). And you terraform the landscape by left clicking for your followers - ai. the population that you are ""controlling"" (if you can even call it that). The population also happens to be the resource that you use to perform various actions, and there's a reasonably deep crafting system implemented in the game, but IT HAS NO IMPACT ON THE GAMEPLAY.Maybe im being too harsh on it for being an Early Access game, but i would be VERY surprised if this game gets any better."
76561198055083985,Not Recommended,232810,7901144,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,feris.sera,"The lovely graphics and easy interface, combined with the recent Steam sale, made the game seem appealing.However, the easy interface grew rapidly dependent on much time waiting and much time spent clicking, eventually adding up to ""much time wasted"" (and not in a positive way).It's still a very calming game to look at/listen to, but not much fun to play."
,Not Recommended,232810,7874955,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Foolishuman,"Don't bother. Early access to an empty game engine, all for twenty bucks!"
76561197978232684,Not Recommended,232810,8395332,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,[Asgard] Thor,"So you start the game on a pretty good looking island paradise, then you remove the trees for a ""faith"" currency to sculpt more land so your villagers can build little brown boxes, destroy enough of the scenery and find annoying to click chests for resources and they'll start to build little white boxes. Once you've made the entire island area a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ shanty town with holes everywhere you can get to a bigger landmass to completely destroy the scenery so your villagers can make more boxes.Frankly I don't see the point, sure this is only a beta and it's my fault really since very few early access games are worth shelling money out for, but I don't see this game going anywhere."
,Not Recommended,232810,9449798,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Xionanx,"This is a series of repetitive tasks disquised as a game.  A game should be a challenge or at least require thought and planning to complete, but all you do with this is one assigned ""busy work"" task after another."
,Not Recommended,232810,9405179,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Ben,This game is fun then it just gets bad. ⋆⋆
,Not Recommended,232810,8627900,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,RhymesWithPsycho,"I began the game with high hopes. Memories of Populous from my youth dancing through my head. But what began as a promising expansion of Farmville styled social games quickly ground to a halt. The cycle of earning Faith from followers who then expanded my village quickened in pace as I used the faith to raise land for them to build on, until it altogether stopped entirely. I waited for several minutes, saw no timers what-so-ever, and eventually came to realize that I'd either failed the game, or the game had failed me. After crashing several times (changing resolution the first, and quitting in order to restart the game twice over), I quickly realized that this was far, far, far from a beta version of the game. This was pre-alpha, at best (and I'm being generous). I cannot recommend this game in good faith, as I have little faith that 22 Cans is going to fix them if this is what they consider a beta version of the game."
76561197966484231,Not Recommended,232810,7831655,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,benanash,"Godus is a tedious, RSI-inducing disappointment. We can only hope that what's eventually released will bear no resemblance to the Early Access version, but it's difficult even to imagine actual gameplay coming out of this monstrosity."
,Not Recommended,232810,7868753,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Agranite (Luong),"I purchase this game long ago for early access, and completely regret my purchase. The game is in a poor state, and I still give them the benefit of doubt but haven't seen any updates for months.The game is horrible at the moment. It is constant click fests, it is ridiculously slow, and it landscape tool is undeniably frustrating to use. The civilization will start building house any chance they want without any creativity or other buildings. Forget about any thought of shaping the landscape, the town, to create a beautiful world. It's impossibleThis game should be on facebook or on a tablet, but even that is an insult to the game developers that design their game specifically on such platform. I enjoy time management games like GameDev Story, Valkyrie Crusade, Adventure Town, etc. Godus is a complete lackbuster in comparison.---Like every game, there is always potential for more, I just hope there developer can turn things around after the revamp. Once the new overhaul has rolled out, I will review the game again."
76561198048617223,Not Recommended,232810,7775649,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Ultermarto,"From what I understand, promises for Godus's future  gameplay are big. A large, complicated, engaging game is promised. But as of right now, Godus not only fails to deliver a shining new god-game experience; it falls almost completely flat of being at all any fun to play. With gameplay cropped generally to slowly flattening out pieces of land, and digging up cards, and where your villagers do nothing of particular interest, the gameplay that emerges is much too simple.Though I hope that the future of Godus is a bright one, as of now it is just not worth your £15, or your time for that matter."
,Not Recommended,232810,7869260,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,snipun,What a waste of an opportunity.  This game is such a let down.  You realize the waste of money about 7 minutes into the game.
,Not Recommended,232810,11606231,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Sneakiest bear,"Absolute trash game, which is now being released for FREE on iOS.Molyneux is a rip-off merchant, don't fall foul and buy any games which have his involvement."
76561198033086130,Not Recommended,232810,12529497,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,LSBN,still a bad game
76561198070570076,Not Recommended,232810,17779218,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,kiwikat,Question posed over two years ago: is this ever going to go anywhere?Answer: Nope.
,Not Recommended,232810,7766057,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Tyrrin,"This is the worst pile of garbage ""game"" that I have ever played in my life. There is no point to it, point click, click, click, click, to infinity and beyond! This game is NOTHING like Populous, or Black and White, its a horrible boring mess. Avoid this at all costs! IF you dont take my word for it, please read the forum and judge for your self."
76561198048003505,Not Recommended,232810,15827262,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,TheEntireSovietUnion,"I had 76 young men jump into a pit of doom, just because i needed more stickers.Would kill 3 minutes old full grown men again. ishbad/10."
,Not Recommended,232810,29957944,Posted: 16 February,all,Dr. Strangelove,"This game is an equivalent of your wife cheating on you with your best friend, poisoning your dog, and stealing your beer.0/10 - Don't buy"
76561198064556911,Not Recommended,232810,10371572,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Lady Killigrew,"I got this game at discount, and I regret it. If you really want to try the game get it when it is on sale."
,Not Recommended,232810,29809007,Posted: 9 February,all,MegaGame,just dont buy.
76561197964957305,Not Recommended,232810,31629231,Posted: 8 May,all,Burn in heaven,horrible game its a rip off
,Not Recommended,232810,30628512,Posted: 19 March,all,Chapel,THANKS FOR LYING TO OUR FACES AND ABANDONING US DEVS. YOU GUYS ARE THE BEEEST YOUR MOBILE GAME ISNT EVEN GOOD
,Not Recommended,232810,24768119,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Sigyn,"I'm reviewing Godus Beta v2.4 (the latest & probably last version of this game).  I know literally nothing about the Kickstarter campaign. I found Godus in the app store & learned it was originally a PC game (yay!).  I bought it based on some of the positive reviews I read.  One person played for over 100 hours so how bad could it be??First, the PC version DOES NOT WORK (error on launch, no solution from 22Cans).  The moment the came launches on the PC I got a s3 application error.  The solutions other users found to work around that  didn't work for me and there is NO SUPPORT FROM 22Cans ON THIS. So…I installed it on my Mac laptop.  Heat issues aside, the game was pretty stable and mostly *FUN* during the Homeworld campaign.  It took me almost 40 hours to complete.  It crashed about 6-7 times but I did NOT lose progress so it wasn't a big deal.  The latter part of the campaign was when the other issues started cropping up.  I would often loose the sound altogether (which was a blessing I'll explain below).  I would periodically lose the ability to see how many Astari villagers were left, which could only be corrected by a restart.  Some of my Astari converts would just refuse to build a house or move into an existing Astari house no matter what I did (they became gems).One of my complaints about Homeworld is needing to manually harvest wheat fields & mines.  At first it’s no big deal to manually harvest fields but when you get close to 5,000 followers, it’s seriously annoying.  AFTER you complete this campaign you'll ultimately be able to unlock a shrine to autoharvest for crops & ores but that's little consolation.  There are also a few balance issues and missing tutorials. If you want to play as a benevolent god, it is very hard since you need gems. You do unlock a skill allowing you to mine gems but there is no explanation as to how that works. The forums are the only reason I learned how to do it ….. but it’s almost pointless as you get a handful of gems at best from each of the gem veins you discover. Worse is that mining the veins is an exercise in frustration. If there is an available plot anywhere near the vein, the miners will just create an ore mine. You need to get very creative with terrain manipulation to insure your miners are mining gems.The sounds become the most grating part of the game once you unlock the shrine that autoharvests belief.  When you manually harvest the accumulated belief in each house, it plays a musical tone.  It's something of a mini-game.  If you harvest one building after the next quick enough, you play a random song.  If you can complete the song you get a little belief bonus & the song changes.  If you don't have enough structures to complete the song you start over from the beginning of the song the next time -- but you hear a sound like a child smashing multiple piano keys.  Once you unlock the shrine, the game becomes an assault on your ears (like a toddler trying to learn to play piano while a cat is walking across the keys).  There is NO way to turn off that 'feature' without turning off ALL of the sounds.  The settings panel has two sound-related toggles but they're broken.  The one that turns off sound effects turns off every sound, the setting to turn off just the music does nothing.  As your 'village' becomes a metropolis, you either turn off all the sound or pray for the sound glitch to do it for you.  Either way it kind of sucks since the Astari celebration song is cute & the other sound effects are oddly satisfying.Getting to Wayworld is where the game starts to fall apart quickly.  My sound cut out just as I activated the Ark so I have no idea of there was some explanation of the game play changes (or anything else).  I figured it out fairly quickly - but not quickly enough to avoid costly mistakes.  You CANNOT start the level over.  You just have to tough it out.  Resources are very scarce.  The timers for the fields & mines (when you finally reach them) seem very different than they are in Homeworld so it takes FOREVER to build up wasted resources.In Wayward there are multiple Astari villages.  The initial raids end up one of two ways:  The archers drown in the wet sand (yay!) or they reach shore, in the unaccessible Gray, where they cause complete chaos until they can be lured to the area where you can kill them.  As you expand your territory, the Astari will attack from different villages.  You need to be really fast to find out which one when it changes as the alert doesn’t take you to the location of the attackers.The notices about any Astari activity are almost nonexistent (except the raids thankfully, you still get those notices).  I would see one notice when I started the game - a festival - but after that, I have no idea if or when a festival occurred, if a group was mocking my villagers, or if Astari decided to join my village.  On 2 occasions I found two homeless Astari in my village but I don’t know when they arrived or how long they had been there.  One group I killed off because they refused to build a house.  The other group was more cooperative.  The screen that tells you when the next festival will occur never seems show a time less than 55 minutes…..every time I check including the few times when the festival actually occurred.  Sadly, the song only played for 2 of the festivals but at no point did I see the Astari, in any of the villages, actually converge on the altar & dance.  The 2 times I heard the music it seemed to come from an uninhabited area of the gray.The other “bug” I’ve come across so far concerns the story chests.  In Homeward you periodically find chests that reveal a bit of the story.  In Wayworld, story chests appear after the storms but they’re empty. The 22Cans website says it’s a bug because they NEVER FINISHED THE STORY.  If unfinished story lines bother the hell out of you, stay clear of Godus.This game clearly has so much potential which is the most aggravating part of this.  The first campaign is fun (even with glitches) so it’s sad to know the company just abandoned Godus (they’re working on a game called “The Trail” now)."
,Not Recommended,232810,9289198,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,jf3000,"My review for this game will not be long and will be quite small and simple. Since kickstarter and releasing this aplha version, many people including myself have asked for updates, yet the developers seem to think its a good idea and keep telling us that an update is on the way, yet nothing. With 41% of the game complete there isnt really anything left for this game, its basically Populous complete. I wouldnt recommend you buy this game, not unless some miracle happens and they bring out some sort of update that changes everything, but alas I dont see it happening and many people are wanting refunds. Including myself, but it seems the dev team are not wanting or even allowing a refund. After this review I will be uninstalling the game and writing a formal complaint to Kickstarter for a company that accepted funds and promised a deliver of updates yet nothing.Disappointed"
,Not Recommended,232810,8672086,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Chilee,"Horrible game, it looked so fun."
76561198000579224,Not Recommended,232810,8682123,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Lekas,Just don't.
76561198047357494,Not Recommended,232810,8678391,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,noobkiller358,This game plays like a facebook game. I would not buy it again.
,Not Recommended,232810,12285211,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Tumor,"This game feels like something from Kongregate. It's mobile roots are very clear in the ""hurry up and wait"" gameplay, even with the hunting for treasure chests to distract you. It takes almost an hour before you gain direct control over the followers, which is awkward at best.Belief is far to scarce a resource when it is requred to perform literally the only direct action you are capable of. This game is boring, please avoid."
76561198044888873,Not Recommended,232810,12544258,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,сикхшан™,♥♥♥♥♥game can i get my money back please.
76561198019956785,Not Recommended,232810,12564559,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,lordsumilidon,Do not buy this game yet as it is very broken.  The tutorial has numerous reports of bugs that stop you progressing through the game.  Check the forums for the active bugs and wait for the game breakers to stop being reported before considering.
,Not Recommended,232810,12525604,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,//SE-ZENARCHY,"The game is flawed in its design, a simplistic system of followers expanding a settlement is great.Then what?Maybe I can conquer other tribes? No.Maybe I can give my race its own unique identity? NoMaybe I can buy this as a replacement for black and white? Erm.. No.This game is a waste of money. Don't buy it, if all you want is to drag some land around then go ahead, collect 'stickers' (oh how patronising) and advance through non existent eras (everything looks the same).The fact that this was designed by people from Lionhead, and still manages to turn out crap signals that you shouldn't buy it."
,Not Recommended,232810,12329865,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,MadOrange64,I don't even...
76561198035933615,Not Recommended,232810,25066136,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,RON MADDEN,"Depending on your measure, its been four months, to a year and a half since the game last recieved a content update. Its failed to deliver on its most basic promises, and its continue to fail to deliver on its promise of updates and development.But this won't stop them from selling you a copy. Just don't. Not even worth it at $0.99"
76561198025465157,Not Recommended,232810,21668248,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,yoyoyox3,"It was a little fun for a little while, but the early access game lacked the depth to keep it interesting. Had a lot of potential but it appears development has been abandoned, and similarly worthless spinoff games are being launched instead."
,Not Recommended,232810,25004207,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,sammyQc,Still not ready. DEAD. Don't buy unless you get robbed at gun point.
,Not Recommended,232810,32634255,Posted: 21 June,all,Acey Spadey,DON'T BUY IT..
,Not Recommended,232810,32738578,Posted: 24 June,all,Omegastar,The lack of features and instability of this game is masked by the fact is has and always will be in some type of development status such as beta. I would like to save others money and eating the suck salad that is this game.
,Not Recommended,232810,11708282,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Derby,"It's a mobile game turned into a pc game. It had micro transactions that they quickly backpeddled away from. It's slow, there's no customization, no interaction, your effect on the enviroment is negligable at best. It's like Black And White without the control, without the skill, without the interaction or personality.I wish I could get my money back, and it'd take an extremely drastic overhaul to change my mind."
76561198050491631,Not Recommended,232810,11718519,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,pegasuspaladin,"I was a big fan when it first started.  Randomized land...lots of sculpting....loads of potential.  Now that they've released the mobile version it is just a linear waiting game.  Until (if...) they make the PC version and mobile version drastically different experiences I say don't give them any more money.  Bought in for the sandbox elements, now I sit and wait for the next step instead of actually playing.I'm not opening the program again until there is a massive overhaul so it is more open ended like it was when I paid for it originally."
,Not Recommended,232810,12132844,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,LEIF,Expected a GOD game.Got a POOR terrain editor instead.Expected POWER.Got frusterated with the lack of any real power beside sculpting terrian.Expected to have some FUN.Got a HEADACHE from how many times I pounded my head on my desk in TORMENT.Godus is supposed to be relaxing? Fun? A god game? A game?Godus is a terrain editor.Buy it though if you like wasted money and shattered dreams.
76561198047136669,Not Recommended,232810,12137589,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,LordNoob,"Steaming pile of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t from Peter Molineux with topping of rotten expectations.I knew Peter as a man, who always gives not exactly what he promised to give, but those are still nice gifts.Now i know him as selfish lying shameless greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.See other reviews for details about gameplay issues and such."
76561198012909706,Not Recommended,232810,11930729,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Arbra5934,This game has taken a bad turnFor every 10 minutes of game play there are 30 minuters of just waitingWaiting untill you can collect your Belief/ wheatWaiting untill your citizens finish capturing that dock or bonfireWaiting untill the house finishess buildingWaiting untill the popultion growIt is just a waiting simulatorIt is a greta gam but we should not have to wait 30 minutes for a house to finish buildingIt feels like farm vill mixed with Clash of ClansI would not buy this or reccomend thisNot untill they decreas the wait time
,Not Recommended,232810,11870806,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,funKey,"When i bought this game i really thought: ""Wow, there's somebody out there who knows what a good game needs!""But since the last changes including timing behaviour and the free mobile app release i really feel cheated. I dont understand the programmers. My only explanation for this development is financial pressure... I dont think the game gets much older with the last changes. Maybe, but then it definitely needs a general chat like Settlers Online. Then it can be used as a simple chat client.Sorry, but i'm really disappointed."
,Not Recommended,232810,12142911,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,RHL | JaxWild@Twitch,"I really liked the promise that the earlier versions showed, but now this game feels like I'm playing a free-to-play game or Farmville. I wasn't on for a few days and then I come back and 50+ of my people immediaetly went over to the Astari because the happiness festival happened several times while I was gone!  I don't want to have to babysit my game. I don't want a game I paid up front for to feel like a free-to-play/pay-to-win game, which is basically what this turned into.I thought this was going to be a cool, unique game, but I feel like it's just turning into another iPhone game. I can't sit down and play this game for 3 hours, I sit down, start it, check on things, go do something else, come back a little later, etc etc. I'm not playing it, I'm babysitting it. It's no longer fun, it's a grind. Why buy this when you can get Farmville and other games for free?"
76561198073254055,Not Recommended,232810,13168671,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Shield123,"Godus has so much potential but so little of it is used.  When I bought the game I thought I would have total control over the world but disappointingly I did not.  The system used to manage how much power you have is so limiting that after just 30 minutes I got bored.  As a gamer I give Godus 5.5/10.  I hope that the developers stop limiting the player and start embracing the ""god"" genre and maybe someday It will be a fun game."
76561198005057007,Not Recommended,232810,14362205,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,WhiteHound,"So disappointed.  Deceived out of my money as part of early access.  They took the money and made a mobile app, abandoning this game.  As you can see, I really played and tested it.  With this and spacebase DF-9, I'm done with early access.  Devs can find money somewhere else, this is a dishonest model."
,Not Recommended,232810,12267478,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,JonanKoss,"Intriguing game but loses any interest due to the monotany and excruciatingly slow pace. Since this is still in beta I'm sure the devs will continue to improve the game, but as it stands now, this game is best for running in the background and playing for 10 minutes at a time every hour or so."
,Not Recommended,232810,12182851,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,axel,"Godus has not lived up to my expectations so far. While not backing it at Kickstarter I purchased this game through Steam Early Access. My decisision to buy the game was mainly influenced by its description on Kickstarter which basically describes it as as combination of Populous, Dungeon Keeper and Black & White. I don't think it lived up to those stadards or will ever do. If you are unsure whether to buy this game I recommend reading the reviews and read through the Steam forum.In short: I cannot recommend buying this game. Missing content was expected since it is still a Beta version, but in order to turn into a PC game the game mechanics would need to be redesigned from scratch. Based on how the developers ignored community requests in the past I highly doubt that is going to happen.On the good side:* The artwork: I really like how it looks and the sound effects are also quite nice.* The sculpting (customize your homeworld): the land consists of multiple layers which can be dragged or pushed back in order to extend mountains or to create a giant parking lot. Unfortunately the developers have taken away the ability to raise land. Therefore if you flatten a mountain there is no way to rebuild it afterwards.On the bad side:* It's no fun: Godus is in my opinion a game for cell phones or tablets. The main resource of the game is belief which is created by your followers. Unfortunately the generated belief is not automatically streaming into a pool but needs to be manually collected. Every 15 minutes or 24 hours (based on the size of the house) a belief ""bubble"" will pop up over the houses which you need to collect manually by tapping or swiping. Sculpting and the other ""wonders"" are very expensive and you will usually run out of belief after 5 to 15 minutes of playing and then have to wait some hours for more belief to be generated. This makes perfectly sense for a mobile game which is played every 4 to 6 hours when you have 10 minutes of free time. I ended up letting Godus run in the background while I was playing or doing something else just to check in later if more belief was available (that's also how I got to those 90 hours of playing). To mitigate this problem the developers introduced ""The pit of doom"" where you can sacrifice followers for ""gems"" which you can then use to purchase belief. At some point two additional resources, wheat and ore, are introduced which you need to build more houses or unlocking additional areas of the map (the latter can take up to 7 days for certain areas. Real time, not in-game time!). The generation of those resources also takes several hours which leads again to sitting around and doing nothing.* Communication with the developers: the community managers of the developers asked some months ago for things the community would like to be changed. The long timers and the missing content were among the most frequently mentioned things, but nothing was changed. There is no updated road map and absolutely no communication regarding what the developers are currebtly working on, nor is there any indication that the game will improve.* Outlook: given that the developers recently released this game for iOS which can generate a steady stream of revenue for them I don't believe that the game mechanics will change. Nothing was done regarding community complaints in the past either. Godus will probably be an above average game for the cell phones but should never have been released for PC in its current state."
,Not Recommended,232810,12183495,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,stdaro,"In it's current form, this is a lackluster PC port of a pay-to-win mobile game.  If there's any strategy in the core game mechanics, it's hidden under many layers of frustratingly slow gating designed to get you to pay to accelerate it."
,Not Recommended,232810,12267745,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Jurand,"I regret backing it up when it was first announced. If the real time waiting will be still around after the game goes gold, then it is a wasted potential."
76561198035222810,Not Recommended,232810,12208612,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,sylxjian,"Terrible. Just terrible, and it keeps getting worse. Being a cow clicker wasn't enough. Despite claims that the game is meant to be played in short bursts over long time, they've added Astari, which basically punish the player for not a) murdering horribly or b) checking in obsessively. So, one more thing we loved in Populous and Black and White taken from us-- the ability to shape our own moral choices and play somewhat our own way.Godus basically convinces me that someone else must have been responsible for the original charm of Black & White. Nothing, not even the sequel, has ever come close to that charm. This ""regenesis"" of the god game is so far from understanding what made god games great, and seems a tired, hackneyed mobile-milking scheme straight out of the Zynga playbook. It is slow, unwieldy, relies on clicking and collect-and-spend monotony, and it just keeps getting worse. Do not bother trying to get in on the early access to shape the game. The secret of Curiosity is that it revealed Molyneux's new favourite mechanic-- the endless, obsessive clicking-- and he will not be budged from relying on this mechanic. Every time we point out the game's flaws, he punishes us with something even worse. Too much clicking? He slows everything down so we click less frequently. We still click just as much, we just have to wait in order to do it, sometimes for days. Too little features, too much flat land? He makes sculpting at different levels much harder, and then builds it in so we really need to build on the places where it's worst.Godus is Molyneux playing his own god game with us, and the more we ask for a better game, the more misery he is going to dump on us. That might work in Black & White, dude, but it does not work in the real world. We're not going to come around just because you keep making it worse. We're just going to go off and find better games. Let's see if people Stockholmed by this product are enough of a market to keep it alive. I'm betting no."
,Not Recommended,232810,28288308,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Emperor Marcus Awoolius,It will never be finished.
76561198020827212,Not Recommended,232810,30058484,Posted: 20 February,all,Cloudwasher Sloth Tamer Pro,"If two turds decided to mate, had two baby turds, who then went on to have an incestuous, in-bred turd which then♥♥♥♥♥♥out a giant cornfilled turd... All those turds combined would still not compare to how much of a giant, steaming pile of Ostrich dung that this game has been since day one.  The devs lied, went 6 months at a time between updates despite having a huge kickstarter campaign.  This game is not worth it even on 90% discount.  If offered me a free second copy to give to a friend for free I would ask for money to give my friend along with this game to compensate him for the time he would waste on this."
,Not Recommended,232810,30093675,Posted: 21 February,all,BlackMage,The game has potential and can be fun but the recent lack of development is saddening. It saddens me greatly to say this but since the game is still incomplete and I havent seen any progress towards completion lately I can not recommend this game though It has the potential to turn around if the devs finish the game rather then branching off and creating other unfinished games.
,Not Recommended,232810,10009654,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Shepurd,"The developer(s) of this game is very clever. Something that isn't really mentioned very well is thatthis is not a PC game.It's simply a port of a WIP mobile game, primarily developed for IOS. This should be a key sign of why you shouldn't spend your money on this, but I guess I'll go in to further detail.As it being a mobile game port, a lot of the content is clicking. Clicking and dragging things around. Perhaps on your phone or tablet this would be a fun way to spend your time, lazily tapping on the screen, but it's not at all a great game mechanic on a PC, as this is not the right way to go about it. The game is focused around this mechanic, and it shows poorly when using a mouse. You're suppose to shape the landscape to help your villagers build their village, but controlling is a task in of itself, as ground will bounce back to where it originally was if you don't have enough faith. To gain faith, you have to destroy rocks and trees. Now, I don't know about you, but personally, if I was a settler, I wouldn't want trees randomly disappearing. That's a source of lumber, and almost a necessity of building a village. I wouldn't praise a god if it suddenly vanished, but apparently these villagers do. It's also focused on cards, and to collect cards you have to discover them through digging through the ground, which requires faith.If the re-occuring theme isn't already noticable, it should be painfully obvious by now. The game is focused around faith. Every action seemingly requires faith. You have to wait, and ""pop"" the faith bubbles that appear above your villager's houses. The entire focus of this game is clearly and blatantly a mobile game. However, you have to pay $20 to get the game right now, with so little content it's arguably not even in alpha stages yet. If you truly desperate for that feeling of being a god, skip over this game and go on over toGOG.comand purchase yourself a copy of Populous: The Beginning for $6. You're gonna like the way you look, I guarentee it."
76561198036434142,Not Recommended,232810,13095187,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,S3ooD,waste of time and money. I highly doubt that it was developed by people who actually play games or have the slightest hint of what the word FUN means.
,Not Recommended,232810,12940362,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Corey I,"The price is way too high for what the Game actually offers. Let's face it the game is a smart phone game with a lot of timers and has nothing to offer as a PC game. Especially not at the current price. The game misses its opportunity to be a real successor of populus, and black and white. There is no real innovation in the game mechanics, and really nothing new that adds something to the gameplay of populus. Plus the blatant attempt to get money from early access users to make an iOS game is infuriating.Do not buy it!"
,Not Recommended,232810,21055471,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Vladimir Putin (P.S.S.G),"Quite possibly one of the worst games I have ever played in terms of updates, overall the game is unfinshed this being reflected by the fact it is in early access, however it feels as if it will never be finished as well as this, Godus was stated as a game that would redefine the god game genre this is certainly not the case it just doesn't have the feel that old god games gave of truely being all powerful at best it is a poor recreatement of Populous.As of this update on the 7th of June 2016, the game still feels as unpolished and unfinished as ever this game is, in my opinion, great at demonstrating the need for better (actual) modertion of what ""games"" are allowed to be sold on Steam.Second update as of the 28th of November all I can say is I should never have waited and just got a refund straight away this has got to be one of the worst examples of the modern attitude to game development, if you can call this thing a game."
76561197997399448,Not Recommended,232810,15245888,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Papercut,You too can own this all but abandonded game that is still in development! This is a classic example of what can go wrong with a game.... It had a ton of potential and they desided to just take a big ol dump on it and serve it to us as the great city builder that they try and make it out to be.
,Not Recommended,232810,15211898,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Diatom,"There are extremely inconsistent updates. I am aware that they continuously update us on their activities in their website, but they still have extremely little to show for their efforts(if any). Until the devs learn to be more consistent and pay more attention to this platform, I just can't see myself recommending this."
76561197972711783,Not Recommended,232810,8372504,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Tokes,"Look somewhere else if you want to feel like a god, I felt more like a cake designer."
76561198125803113,Not Recommended,232810,17589810,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Feobi,Game keeps crashing for me every ten minutes
,Not Recommended,232810,19489333,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,TwobeeGaming,"When I bought this game I was super psyched, some new concepts and it's just beautiful. But somehow it's boring and they didn't update it as much as one would hope.It's kinda broken and dead. Nothing left from the original hype, very disappointing and another bad example for Early Access. :("
,Not Recommended,232810,19173768,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,*OctopusTwist* ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ,"Don't waste your money. I so wanted this to be good, and it's just not.If you played and loved Populous, or Black and White, you will be disappointed with Godus in it's current state. It seems to have changed consumer-side very little since 2014, and it most definately is not the game it plays itself up to be. Add onto the fact it crashes every 45mins-1hr when entering the card menu, it's bitterly frustrating as well as disappointment."
76561198030849456,Not Recommended,232810,24850766,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Callisto Crystal,This game will never be fun. It doesnt give you the freedom to do what you want.
,Not Recommended,232810,24787643,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,OLDr! Sicarius,"I should of spent my shitbits on 9, $2 fire breathing ♥♥♥♥♥s instead of buying this steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥The syphilitic errosion of my mental facilities and feeling of shooting razor blades from my japs eye would of been much more enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,232810,32898386,Posted: 27 June,all,DaCrazyDingo,When I bought this it was being portrayed as the new Black and white. I loved BW and BW2. it is NOT. it's a simple mobile game that is nothing like them. A total rip off I only remembered because I am uninstalling games I don't play and came across it.
,Not Recommended,232810,33068131,Posted: 30 June,all,Rene Ramirez,"Wish i did not buy the game, promised linux, did not deliver. Plus some guy quit yeah, did not improve at all ... Dont buy."
,Not Recommended,232810,33631849,Posted: 18 July,all,Ria,I can't believe they're still selling this after completely abandoning the project.
,Not Recommended,232810,33210612,Posted: 3 July,all,JOHNNY GATZ,"The developers gave up on this game, don't buy it. It had a lot of potential, but it turned into the equivalent of a facebook game."
,Not Recommended,232810,32870814,Posted: 27 June,all,Uber,Garbo
76561198081294228,Not Recommended,232810,9638093,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,my c key is broken,"What did i just buy the trailer shows a fun kind of simcity expierence with a twist and i pay 20 dollars, i could find a better game thats free on facebook for christ's sake."
,Not Recommended,232810,8077209,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Mustanger,"Pls, don't buy it. Don't spent ur money. Just not interesting♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,232810,25445617,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,TripleLambda,"When I first bought the game, I was tempted by the pretty art style and relaxing gameplay. I played for a short time, and thought ""hmm, this game is pretty ok"". I left it alone until I tried it a year later, expecting a nice, finished game. What I got was a horrible mess that was somehow WORSE than the original, and he developers had pretty much abandoned it completely. The only thing this pice of♥♥♥♥♥♥deserves is to be removed off the steam store.Ø/10"
,Not Recommended,232810,11402426,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Raumarik,"It's like having aggravated piles and being asked to dab a mixture of salt and vinegar onto them at regular intervals, then being asked to pay for the privilege. It is without a doubt one of the most memorable gaming experiences you'll ever have, in a bad way. Save the money and buy cheap alcohol instead, then pour it on the ground, it'll be more fun and ultimately you'll get more out of it.Lots of potential, spoilt by just about everything else in the game."
,Not Recommended,232810,28340910,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Ardragoon,It wont start without an internet connection.0/10 points.
76561198028317383,Not Recommended,232810,9628926,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Tree Baron,DO NOT BUY!This game ruined my mouse because it has so much clicking. Facebook games are better than this and have more to do.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! The only improvement made to it in months is you can hold down click and drag. But still there is tons of stupid clicking. DO NOT BUY!
76561198039939148,Not Recommended,232810,32156711,Posted: 3 June,all,MonkeyCheeseNL,"Abandoned, burnt-out trainwreck of a game. I hope you had a nice dinner paid for with my money, Molyneux."
76561197972206590,Not Recommended,232810,11607935,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Zazuo,I am so tired of starting completely over everytime they do an update. I would not recommend this game right now. Wait until its 100% complete.
76561198020812877,Not Recommended,232810,8650218,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Amerange,More a chore than fun for me after a while when you get past the nice graphics. Seems that the deveopers want to make money in the store so they push out card in places that are hard and time consuming to get. This is a perfect example off a game developer that adds dull time consuming content to make money on you to not need to play it.There are other games that are better god games than this. If you like farmville then maybe it is for you. If they listened to the countless people who have already told them the resource cards are boring and changed it then it might have become something playable.
76561198039424972,Not Recommended,232810,8771554,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Cody From Cody's Lab,"Please, for your own sake, never buy this."
76561198007269125,Not Recommended,232810,8830606,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Pozzy Thump,"Have you ever bought a car that had just the engine + the wheels?  Or went to the supermarket, and were told you could only buy one thing at a time?  If you like that type of experience, you will love this game.  Godus entertains you with vibrant colors and big pixels. Godus soothes you with relaxing tones, harp strumming music, Bach Concerto 3 in D Major, the relief of not having to save your game, and the realization that you can't possibly lose.  Godus promises you that they will upgrade their game, with YouTube videos saying so (although the best the owner can/will say is that ""it will be brilliant"").  Godus gives you fake opponents, who talk in fake conversations (about totally unrelated issues - as though we should believe they are real), to wage a miniature unweaponed fake war against.In conclusion, if you somehow are old enough to operate a cell phone and can be trusted with Internet, yet have hours of uneventful time on your hands as well as a limited learning curve - in other words, NINE TO ELEVEN YEARS OLD, Godus is for you!!!"
,Not Recommended,232810,9863835,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,IvoMace,"While I may change my opinion of this in the future, because it is still in early access, this is not worth getting. As God games go, this just isn't all that fun. It end up being very boring and most of the time all you do is wait. As it goes for now, stay away, but this does have a lot of potential."
,Not Recommended,232810,7874327,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,RobLoach,"If you like mobile click-to-win games, then this is for you. If you enjoy using your brain, however, go look somewhere else."
,Not Recommended,232810,8817180,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Rlarudska,POS. Don't even touch it. Spending 10 or 20 dollars on it is like buying Porn. It is such a waste of money and time.
76561198053446932,Not Recommended,232810,9630820,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Thundarii,"Dev team completely missed the point of ""clickfest"" the physical act of clicking is not the issue.... there is no thought to this game. Move land, find treasure chest, rinse, repeat. Its not engaging at all. There is no challenge, you just  clear land and click ""slide"" things away until more space is cleared."
76561198008536188,Not Recommended,232810,8748361,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,dustin-hodgson,"In the begining, we were promised much.We all knew peter, we'd played other games by him until Fable took over everything.How excited we all were to hear he had left to start again, an make a new god game.Many went out on a limb to support him and his upstart new company 22cans through crowd funding. More of us showed support by buying into the early access on steam. So many promises, so much potential, so many ideas. It seemed like the game so many of us had waited so long for.Early releases were just that, early, flawed, fleshed out, messy. We all had hope they'd listen, polish, an refine Godus into something great. With each passing build, things changed. At first it seemed for the better. The clicking was faint heartidly addressed. Other issues an bugs were talked about. I gave up, when I had a mighty, large civilization that was trapped in endless storms, unable to repair their homes, or do anything else, I moved on to other games. Checking back in after a year away I found something horrible had happened.There were whispers and rumors about this being a mobile game early on. Sure the graphics were easily dont on mobiles, but surely not all the physics peter had promised. Weather varience based on terrain etc. Sure enough, Peter is a dirtly theif that promised us a new god game a delivered a game for the throngs of children that have parent supplied iOS devices with mummy an daddies credit cards hooked up to the istore. It's a very low quality mobile game. VERY LOW QUALITY. I abandoned lionhead after they focused only on the horrible craptastic title of Fable.Peter leaving to start again gave me hope. Followed black an white since I got some random magazine that came with a cd that had a video of peter showing the very biginning of Black an White. The hand, the gestures, the ideas. That game and Black an White 2 turned out pretty good. I had always wanted another black and white god game. Thought this was it. Oh man was I wrong. Don't waste disk space with this trash. It's terrible. Just go buy a new copy of black and white 1 & 2 if you want a good god game. Cause this is not it.F*CK YOU PETER MOLYNEUX!!!!!"
76561198064532185,Not Recommended,232810,8815427,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,bnocd33,"Its a free to play mobile game. DO NOT BUY THIS!!!!!!!!!!!! Its a free to play time elapse mpbile game, and a really really bad one! I play (and love) Clash Of Clans. This is 1,000,000 times worse.  SOOOO BADDO NOT BUY"
76561198053116032,Not Recommended,232810,8836431,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Catawhompus,"This game has a bit of promise, despite being at the moment a boring mobile game clickfest.The cartoonish style is very pretty, and the enviromental engine looks great. The game kind of plays like Populous with an Evoland style progression; But ultimately it boils down to waiting and clicking.All of this is pretty much excuseable in an early access game. However, the last ""update"", or in this meaning, any word at all from the developers, was in December of last year.Even the slowest early access games show some degree of development, and this game and dev team is so bad at it, the game might as well be vaporware as they run off to develop for mobile and spend their snatched money.Don't buy it until it ever gets finished, if at all."
76561198091181450,Not Recommended,232810,9646591,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,SirLagsalot,"I can't believe I spent money on this crap. The whole damn thing is clicking, clicking, and more CLICKING. I feel more like a goddamn office drone typing away at a computer than a GOD. I would rather be repeatedly manhandled by the TSA and constantly punched in the testicles by Mike Tyson than play this game."
,Not Recommended,232810,11685511,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Windwhistle,"It's a game that kind of just makes you say ""Meh..."" and leaves you bored after 20 min. of gameplay.3 or 4/10"
76561197971643307,Not Recommended,232810,11686973,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Pandoron,"Godus was quite a promising game in first place. However, it got dull and repetitive in earlier versions. After the 2.0 Update they changed a lot regarding the gameplay and -concept. Unfortunately, most of this changes are not well balanced nor make they any sense for the PC version.Since it got released on mobile devices, the PC version also got the same ""features"" from the mobile version like the gem store. On mobile devices, the gem store is the real money place to buy gems which enables you to buy additional stickers (to unlock research cards), explorers for the minigame puzzles, any other ressources to build and grow your civilization, and of course to speed up things. These gems work the same way on PC with the difference that you cannot buy these gems (fortunately) but also almost get no new gems unless you sacrifice your own citizens with an awful impact on happiness. This makes the waiting times for buildings in later stages of the game terribly long (some things need several hours in realtime to build up!). Frankly, for a paid game this is an insult for the customer. Furthermore, the game is still dull and repetitive with one difference; you have to wait even longer to expand and evolve your civilization.If you want to play a god game, stick to the good old Black&White (I and II). This is barely even the shadow of the old masterpieces."
76561198001561633,Not Recommended,232810,13264769,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,VVetax,"One of the best games i´ve played in a while, and the God-game with the higher potential to be the best >>>>>IF<<<<<<< (Mother♥♥♥♥ing emphasis on the IF) the developers stop trying to turn the game into a mobile game. I accquired this game recently so i don´t really know how it was before recent updates, but it looked like a PC game, not a mobile game like the actual one does. I Strongly recommend to the developers to take a look at the player´s comments and try to sort things out a litte bit, you were doing a great game, but now it seems that you´re just trying to give up PC and turn full mobile :(I'll not recommend it until this game starts following a single path; If its going to return to its roots or turning into a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ phone game."
,Not Recommended,232810,9928853,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Loccen,Glorified click fest facebook game that you have to pay for that should be free. Stay well clear and try to convince Molyneux to retire (preferably to Bedlam mental asylum) and exhibit him so that the population can throw rotten cabbages and other nasty gone off food in his face for making this.
76561198003010395,Not Recommended,232810,9485849,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,House Of Dancing Years,"Unfortunatly, Godus develops into a nasty free to play game, that's not the game I backed for. <.<"
,Not Recommended,232810,8527257,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,a Toaster,"The beta for a Facebook game thats going to be designed around microtransactions to make the game less tedious, dont give these people money."
76561198058945447,Not Recommended,232810,9464221,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,scagnaty,i think they made this game some how worse?
76561198020701498,Not Recommended,232810,9359035,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Kreii,"Another bag of fertilizer brought to you by the world's greatest salesman, Peter Molyneux (Creator of Fable / Lion's Head). This game even for an ""Early Access"" was released way to soon, and with way to many promises from a man who loves to promise the sky then not deliver. I rarely try to pile only bad into reviews for anything, but it was my own fault for trusting this Lead Dev again, oh well. It does appear that development has been quietly abandoned on this project, with no updates in several weeks now. Reddit users on the Godus forum have said they only received canned e-mail respones from 22 cans. Maybe check it out if / when it gets finished, otherwise stay away for now and sink your 20 spot elsewhere.One passing thought, on these early access terms, what happens to us if it does get abandoned since we were never delivered the promised product by the developer?"
,Not Recommended,232810,12339812,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Roblol,BoringBuild like one of those crappy mobile games designed to make you come back every  so often and play for a long time to achieve very little
76561198031601940,Not Recommended,232810,12406235,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Killer Covfefe,"I have spent a ton of time on this game.  The problem is I must have some sick mental illness that makes me start the game in hopes to see something magical is going to change on it.  It is a complete time suck of a game with no climax or end in site.  Like other reviewers have stated, you can tell it was made for a mobile platform."
76561198101059200,Not Recommended,232810,10034073,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Chris,"I love finding new games on steam and I bought Godus when it was on it's first round of trials, and regretted it. Thats's 10 quid I could have saved for limited theory for example. First off there is no goal to the game, pure sandbox, and that can be fun which Garry's mod proves. But nothing happens in this game, literally just building homes over and over. Don't even get me started on the bugs, game freezes constantly, progress lost and shuts down all the time.SO when I found out the game had been completely remodeled I was intrigued if it could have improved. Nope, just a faster paced, slightly prettier game. I highly suggest avoiding this game, and to the developers I have watched your update videos and the amount of time you have put into this piece of rubbish is remarkable. Just let it go, give us refund if possible or make something new, small and fun.It just angers me that you can still think this can be a good idea when you have so many bad reviews!"
,Not Recommended,232810,10034415,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,AnusMagma,"I was looking forward for a new god game, what I got was this garbage.What do you do in this game? You click the ground, you click trees, you click rocks, you click houses. Click, click, click. I had to install a program to automate clicking in order to even play this game.Why do you click? To gainbeliefthe currency in this game. With this currency you can click the ground to move it around or you can use it on one of the many uselessgod powerssuch as the ability to slightly change the texture of the ground or send a tiny comet to make a tiny hole in the ground. The very first power you get isFinger of Godwhich lets you, for a limited amount of time, destroy houses your followers have built and slightly push your followers around; not very satisfying. All you do in this is make the ground flat so your followers can build houses there, when there are enough houses the area which you can click increases and you can make more ground flat and so it comes full circle.You can also find so calledcardsburied in the ground. When you dig up enough of these your followers will be able to build new sorts of houses. Does this affect the game? Nope, it's still the same old click click click click the ground.I bought this game in early access and made it to the point where you could no longer advance in the game, after several months of no updates or any life signs from the devs a new patch was released. A complete overhaul of the game they said, except now it doesn't even work. It glitches out in the tutorial and that's it.To summarize, everything you do in this game is pointless. It's the exact same thing from minute one to however long you can bear playing this garbage. Do not buy this game, it will only end in disappointment."
,Not Recommended,232810,10080292,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Maknu,"I think one word sums up this game rather nicely: TediusAll aspects of this games revolve around two very simple mechanics: Clicking and Waiting, It's essentialy like watching a software install progress bar, and some of these take hours to complete.Old battle mode: Dull and uninspiredNew puzzels: Once you have done 1 you have essentially done them all.So in short this is not worth time or efford let alone money, if you are looking for a great god game this ain't it."
76561198098175409,Not Recommended,232810,12884182,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,$4int 0f T4int,I think everyone knows why it's a thumbs down at this point...
,Not Recommended,232810,10091638,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Bat Eyes,this is not the game you are looking for
76561197997272163,Not Recommended,232810,13095844,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Awsum0,"I feel violated.  They sold me a new populous game, then created... a monster.  It is unashamedly a pay to win cow clicker.  The developer just talks about how they underestimated how hard it is to create a good cow clicker...  Disgraceful."
,Not Recommended,232810,10026239,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Shibnibblies,Lots of mindless clicking... if you like that sort of thing.
,Not Recommended,232810,13165419,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,BrandonMXB,Wish I would have never bought this game. I'll never buy a game from Peter Molyneux again. He talks up his game so much then dissapoints eveyone.
76561198119460427,Not Recommended,232810,13150231,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Cody Calafiore,Ah when I first bought this game it was great! Till they thought they were going to add Gems to the PC version the currency in Godus Mobile so if you want to buy this DONT Only if you want some halfass game not even finished taking your money and sometimes the game wont even OPEN!
,Not Recommended,232810,10074222,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Krashed,"Terrible game, feels like a free to play mobile game."
,Not Recommended,232810,23735664,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Deadlock,Why is this kind of behaviour not an actual criminal offence?
,Not Recommended,232810,14307872,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,voidster,"This game looked great from the basic reviews. I was hoping for another god type game, or something like Black N white, or Populous. It appears that 22Cans no longer cares about finishing the sim, as in its still in alpha/early access and only has two employees working on it (from what I can tell).Some people might enjoy it but for me, I just cant recommend this to anyone. Save your income, go for an older game or just wait. This sim/game reminds me of a flash game that should be on facebook, not 20 bucks.  Its also the last early access game I ever jump into as its the third game that will never be finished."
76561197993925891,Not Recommended,232810,14077718,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Tal'Shar,"22cans seems to be in way over their head with this game. In the time that it's taken other Steam greenlight games to go from start to finish, they've started the game... got ""75%"" (their own number) done with it... then scrapped everything and started from the ground up.There are no options to start a new game or to reset your old one. If you want to start anew, you have to delete some game files and endure the painful tutorial again. The unskippable tutorial that teaches you the VERY basics of the game. Which I have played through four times.Godus lacks most of what it promises. At this time, the ""enemy faction"" consists of a village where your villagers go while you're logged off. If your happiness isn't maxed out (hell, even if it is), and you log off for more than a few hours at a time, the Astari will steal more and more of your followers.But I digress into specifics.Overall, this game doesn't have a whole lot of work put into it. The follower pathing is unintelligent, progression turns into a grind VERY quickly, and a lot of the god powers look like they'd be fun, but in reality have almost no real utility in the main game. Furthermore, the late-game belief collection system, as it stands right now, is balanced such that smaller, less expensive buildings will generate more belief per minute than larger, more expensive ones. (Belief is the main resource and is how you shape terrain, order followers and cast god spells.)The trade-off comes with the fact that the larger buildings have more capacity. As you progress you gain the ability to build larger and larger buildings that will collect belief more slowly, but can hold more overall. So if you log off and come back 20 minutes later, your little buildings will have their belief maxed out and you can collect it. The large buildings will still be producing belief and you can't collect it. This gets to the point where large buildings and villages can take upwards of 12 hours (real-world hours) to become collectable. While it's less per hour, the large buildings at late tiers in the game allow you to log off for longer periods without wasting belief.That's right: The progression in this game does nothing except let you play the game LESS while maintaining the same progression. The grind of this game's progression is SO BAD, it's actually a RELIEF when you get the large buildings, because you don't have to keep logging on to pop belief bubbles.Maybe by the time this game gets released in its final version it'll be good. But right now, 22Cans isn't listening to its user base. It's designing mechanics that are extremely un-fun. And the game development is CRAWLING. If you're looking at this game and it hasn't been released in its final version, definitely DON'T buy it. It's not worth $10, much less $20."
76561198081558583,Not Recommended,232810,17652472,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Swainuel1,You'd just be better off burning 20 bucks.
76561198005361089,Not Recommended,232810,17650466,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,b.templar428,"I want to recomend this game.It was fun over a year ago.i had more fun when the gmae was 25% done than now.does this mean i am done with it?no, i just cant recomend it.and it had a lot of pontential...."
,Not Recommended,232810,23902884,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,DJ_Trollin,This game has died.
,Not Recommended,232810,17217088,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Inquisitor Ruk,Paid 15 bucks for this. Why am I not getting 15 bucks worth of gameplay?
,Not Recommended,232810,26360476,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Duex,i paid $20 for this hahahakillme
,Not Recommended,232810,8027751,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Caffeine Addict,"TLDR: Spent $20 on this game … it was $19.50 more than I should have spent.I tried to like this game, I really did ... but to be perfectly honest, I found Cookie Clicker(http://orteil.dashnet.org/cookieclicker/)to have more depth and entertainment value.  Granted this game is still in development ... but unless its gutted and rebuilt from the ground up it will never amount to anything.- Resources comprise of ""faith"" and ""gems"" ... faith requires you to click each house to gather it ... and you have hundreds of houses ... it is repetitive and boring.  Gems on the other hand wreaks of micro-transactions.- Upgrade tree is … well … not a upgrade tree.  You do not get to pick which path you take, and advancements are based on these stupid little cards that pop up and cover your screen for way too long.- Land masses are procedurally generated and look amazing but sculpting the landscape for use of your villagers is tedious and annoying.- Once you start the game there is no way of going back and restarting.  There is no ability to reset to try things differently.  This sucks alot when you spend a bunch of gems early on just to find out that you need them for something else and have no way of un-doing your previous actions."
76561198102919721,Not Recommended,232810,8939610,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Ser Placid Ginger,"Not quite for me and not quite what I was hoping for. Buildings can take days to be built, and it feels like a free-to-play microtransaction mobile game. I still played it for a few days, but it feels restrictive. Time to go back to SimCity 4."
,Not Recommended,232810,22090401,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Aveng3d,trash
,Not Recommended,232810,8927974,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Edmund Blackadder,"All you've heard is true. Godus is no goodus, plain and simple. Check back when the final release happens, assuming they don't decide to drop the PC version in favour of embracing the mobile cowclicker design in full (which would still be better than their current pathetic cries of ""it's multiplatform!"")"
76561197990016196,Not Recommended,232810,8050257,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Mackhdo,"This game look promising, in the concept, but right now, for the price it's sold, it's a scam.I'm was enjoying playing until i couldn't do anything, because the game isn't finish.You can't enjoy the game, plenty of bugs around, no news from the dev team.This isn't even a beta, because when the game isn't more than 40% finished, it's not even an alpha, it's a concept, and you don't sell a concept on steam."
,Not Recommended,232810,8372981,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,AutonomicGuitar,You cannot be a god it's just trying to make a village and see your people die.
,Not Recommended,232810,8657791,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Fork,"This game has a really amazing concept, but I fear it will fall prey to the typical Molyneux problems of limitless imagination yet absolutely no way to achieve any of the goals set forth."
,Not Recommended,232810,8127594,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Primemus,"I was one of the unfortunate gamers who took a chance on this title and like all who have played this game found it lacking.  There is on doubt that once the game is complete it will be a worth while game however, Do Not waste your money on the early access version of this title.It begins with hours of tedious game play and ultimately you will discover pointless to play. The developers have  a “We got your money,so suck it,”attitude and the title was prematurely entered  into the market place for the soul purpose of  collecting revenue.  The concept conflicts with itself and will frustrate even the most Zen of gamers.  The programmers seem to be struggling to finish the next update and this title may not be finished until...? 2016 perhaps.  It boasts a 40 percent completion however, I think it is payable at about 20 percent atm.  Even for a beta this game is under whelming."
,Not Recommended,232810,8043981,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,False Hope,"in short, 3 years after i regreted buying this stupid game, it has turned mobile and has yet to even become anything that was promised. just do someone a favor and treat the guy to lunch instead of wasting your money here.the game itself is not worth 20 usd. heck maybe a 2d god game like reus would be more fun since you dont actually interact and have to spoonfeed the ""followers"". well enough of the rants......quick summary will be that this game will be just a waste of time and money unless they add something thats significantly useful after the early access otherwise im probably never touching this again. i basically spent about 7-8 hours digging up the moutains flattening the lands and adding lands for people to move into without any changes happening... other than being able to build bigger houses. for more in depth explanation feel free to read thoughts below.i brought the game mainly because of the ""god"" features in all the screenshots and stuff thinking that the gameplay will allow me to war , destroy the civilizations and such just for the fun of it. honestly i should have read the reviews without just looking at the screenshots. the game is extremely repetitive. you basically just ""sculpt"" the land for your ""followers"" to move into.to ""sculpt"" the land you have to have something like beliefs , which is the purple thing on top of the houses you see in the screenshots. so basically , you clear trees and rocks get beliefs from the houses. and use them to sculpt the land and build houses for your followers. not sure about the lightning and fire thing destroying the civilazations since i havent unlocked that... almost 10 hours into the gameplay might i add the waring part you see on the screenshots? thats just vs the npcs and thats not even always and in addition to that you dont really do anything once a certain goal or time is achieved all your ""followers"" leave thier house to attack the other ""gods"" ""followers"". i cleared like 10 stages into it and now i have to pass a ""bronze"" era before i can continue playing. i cant even replay old modes so its pretty much back to sculpting and sculpting.... like i would even waste any more time on itthe card things they say? well the cards are hidden in the land and rivers so you basically dig into them to find it.... its not actually even useful. heck it dosent even affect your gameplay. everything i have so far 10 hours into the gameplay just allows the ""followers"" to build even bigger houses."
,Not Recommended,232810,8111590,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,balion80,"To start off I do think Godus has a lot of potential but with that being said I really don't feel like it is taking advantage of this golden opportunity to make an amazing game. For starters...The 41% of the game that we are able to play at this moment is very fragmented meaning there are a lot of loose ends that have yet to be completed which is reasonable to a point. This game is in beta I know, but usually more content is released in a beta version.The game mechanics are tedious and boring. I have gotten to the farthest point in the game so far (near the end of the bronze age) and not much has changed since the beginning of the game. You drag land to make plots so your villagers can hide out in your house and only come out once you have cleared yet another plot. Furthermore you spend a fat portion of your time clearing rocks and destroying trees.It lacks in appealing and detailed aesthetics. Trees and rocks are nice but the game is missing many major elements that could make the landscape much more appealing to look at.The card system is very annoying and it takes way too much time to increase population and gather food.There aren't enough powers. I know more will be added but for a beta there are not nearly enough.In the end this game is still very much a work in progress. What has been released is very boring in fact the only fun part was raining meteorites down on my below average intelligence, house dwelling ♥♥♥♥♥ known as followers.My advice to you is buy the game while it is cheap and wait until the full game comes out or make sure your investment is secure and only buy it once you know they haven't abandoned the game and it's fully completed, keep in mind it will be much more expensive at this point if it is any good."
,Not Recommended,232810,9054009,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Ymedron,"Agreed with all the other reviews - I was waiting for a long time for the game to really ""start"", expecting resource management and actually using trees and rocks for something else than just faith. You can't upgrade the old shacks unless you tear them down by stretching some land over them. There isn't really anything to do other than stretch out the land and watch the followers build boring little huts.I bought this for less than 10€ but have to say it wasn't money well spent."
,Not Recommended,232810,9146622,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,bcpeagle,Cool concept. Poorly executed. Designed with the tablet in mind - could be better there.
,Not Recommended,232810,9698845,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Radioactive Lobster,"There's not a lot I can say about Godus as it has been a colossal dissapointment. Even after the promised updates to add complexity and remove frustration from the game, Peter Molyneux has just added to his far reaching repotoir of hyperbole and false promises that have been voiced this past decade. To save wasting my time on writing a full and critical review on this alpha title (I admit, it is still in alpha so there is always the chance for things to change, but the fact that they called their last radicual update a huge change is quite an obnoxious joke and I don't see anything siginifcant changing) I will summarise what the experience amounts to. It is an iOS game through and through that is being developed and playtested on PC. It's overly simplistic interface leaves a lot to be desired by a PC gamer, and clearly is designed with a touch interface in mind.The past complaint by players of how the game involved ""Too much clicking"" has largely been ignored, despite statements to the contrary by 22cans. It seem's as though Peter, or perhaps the lead developers on a whole, have somehow made a design path that has lead them to the same end result of most cow clicker games you can find on your mobile device, that center around town building and what have you. The only difference? Godus has next to no resource management save for Belief, which is frankly retrieved in a horrible manner where one has to wait a full 5 real life minutes for a settler abode to generate a bubble, then you must click the bubble to gather said resource. Sound's harmless? You burn through belief in a manner of seconds just from terraforming the land, and often have to click around 100 houses to gather all your Belief. The problem becomes less of an issue late game, where you have access to Towns that auto collect -some- of the Belief into one giant bubble, but it is still too easily spent and leaves you waiting to anymore work. The amount of waiting you have to do in this game is it's biggest crime. Which add's to my theory that it is designed for mobile devices. You're only supposed to play the game in small snippets, then leave it in the background as your settlers breed and generate Belief. That's unacceptable for a PC game. When you're sat at your desk infront of the monitor, you don't want to be waiting for 80% of your gaming experience.TL:DR?Godus is shaping up to be a cow-clicker that has yet to be monitised, but I can see that being added further down the line as they approach full release. If you're looking for a God game, I highly advise people look elsewhere. As Godus just does not deliver on it's namesake's implications."
76561198054898111,Not Recommended,232810,13801506,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Melowkid,"This is the most peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥game I have ever played. It is moneygrubbing, tedious, explotative, and just plain terrible. Graphics are bad. Gameplay is worse. There are no redeeming qualities at all, DO NOT BUY THIS TERRIBLE GAME."
76561198043387900,Not Recommended,232810,11953090,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Maarkilio of Sound,"Ok, Ive put a ton of hours into this game since buying it a YEAR ago. It had its problems back then and it still does now. Instead now this feels like a game i would play on my phone. Atleast (regardless how broken it was back then) when i first got this game a year ago, i had something to do and mindlessly sculpting land into what i wanted did have its charm. Now however i find myself waiting for belief, to rope my villagers into a pit for gems. Using the gems to buy more belief, then to rinse and repeat as i wait for HOURS for wheat to grow, to use up right as it does to build one or two more houses, so i can kill more people to... do it all again. That is all this game is. Waiting and killing people for gems. This is just such a broken game now and for it to still not be done is just f*cking mind blowing. Im done waiting. After a year and only getting what 10% more of a game that cant pick what it wants to be? No Thank You. Don't Buy This Game. Its not worth the time or money i put into it so don't waste yours either.0/10 wouldn't play again"
,Not Recommended,232810,14536253,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,TheDreamKing,"If you were dumb enough to come to this page after googling Godus but smart enough to check the reviews, then you are a better shopper than me.I grabbed this game in 2013 when it was in Early Access. I should have known better than to think Peter Molyneux would ever deliver anything ever. Google around. You'll see the game isn't done, probably won't ever be done, and what is here is just a hollow experience that is pretty nice at first until it rolls over and dies in front of you.You'll see long wait times... in a PC game you paid for. Why is that? Becuase this isn't a PC game. It's designed as a freemium app for mobile devices. In the early alpha, we saw these elements peaking into the PC version, and I think all feedback said ""Don't you do that. You said you wouldn't."" So, they removed the ability to buy gems, and instead, you have to sacrifice follows for gems, but you still need them to speed up progress.The gameplay is shallow and propped up by timers. If you cheat and get infinite gems, you'll spend thousands of gems just to get something close to what you want to build at the pace you wanted to build it. There are these busy-work side voyages that plays like lemmings without good AI.Oh, if you have issues, 22cans will probably ignore you or ban you if you say anything negative about this game.Just move on. This isn't worth the effort."
76561197970297880,Not Recommended,232810,23144507,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Alibabaaut,I want my money back
76561198025410191,Not Recommended,232810,8007827,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Xeon,Crappy facebook style click-fest.
,Not Recommended,232810,12418966,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Professor Metal,"This has got to be, without a doubt, the worst PC game I've played in years.  I think that largely, it's the disappointment that makes me loathe it so.  I was expecting a PC game. What I got instead is some guy taking my $20 and using it to make an iOS game he makes a fortune off of selling premium content for, whilst I am left with a crappy port of said game.  If I can offer one piece of advice, it would be to play the iOS version.  PC games are not something you should wait around for 20+ minutes for something to build in.  It is literally the exact same game, sans the purchasing of premium content.  Instead, you are admonished to destroy your populace (one of the resources) in order to eventually kill enough of them off to purchase something that allows you to sit down and build a hut. At least the iOS version is free; it was built using the money we got suckered into paying for the PC Version."
,Not Recommended,232810,9483094,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,ZenHate,"Its nice at first look and it is kinda interesting for a while.Love the graphics, sounds de feel of it.Just ... its not a game.After some time, it tastes like work, repetitive, boring and mindless work. With little or no reward at all.In fact, you mostly hope to recieve no rewards coz that will pop on your screen with stuff you dont need, and have no use.And, if you dare goining into the battle arena, but for little differences, is just close to the same, and sometimes even worst.What you get from Godus now is a pretty nice base for a good game, some mechanics that kinda makes sense, but thats all. I hope to see a real game emerging from that, but thats not it just now.I really belive theres space for huge improvement, this is not a hopeless game, lets check what happens in future."
,Not Recommended,232810,10166730,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,[ST] Otixa,"I wish I could get a refund...I played this game a bit throughout the patches, hoping it would actually become better, but it doesn't.This new trend of releasing garbage under the guise of ""easly access"" is getting out of hand."
,Not Recommended,232810,9330730,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Ninjakitty66,"Horrible game, has not been updated since around the 12th month of 2013 and shows no signs of future updates. Wasted $10 dollars on it on sale."
,Not Recommended,232810,9873123,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Nephyst,"As it stands, I wouldn't even call this a game. It's a lot of clicking and not very much progress. It's tedious and boring, and I hope the devs start from scratch with a decent god game for PC isntead of something you would expect to find on an app store for 99 cents."
76561198091725369,Not Recommended,232810,12955607,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Ace,Sucks
,Not Recommended,232810,14219861,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Kurnok,"At some point during the game, you will be stuck with nothing else to do but repair, repair, repair, and repair. clicking on a ton of houses...."
76561198072395035,Not Recommended,232810,7767986,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Antained,"This is a game of endless clicking faith bubbles. No fun at all, and certainly not for 20$"
76561198051478744,Not Recommended,232810,7750188,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,I'm Ranked in Spy Fox,"This is oddly clicky. It's quite a lot of work and waiting for someone who just wants to play a game, think about cheap ipod or facebook strategy that makes you wait to do things. That's this, except you paid for the game. It's not that extreme, you can do other things while you wait, but that's just the cheapest mechanic ever, and I paid 20 dollars for the game so I should get a full experience. Otherwise, this game is cool, but doesn't give you enough control. Pretty much you just move land and hope to win."
,Not Recommended,232810,7884244,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,The Team Ranbir,"A game that doesn't develop in real time. It develops per click. For a god game, you're supposed to influence and then sit back, letting the world behave how it wants to behave.But no, this is a clicker. If you don't click, you don't progress. Click click click click. That's the only gameplay element here. Yeah you can move layers of earth, but you're only doing that to create building space, which happens after you click click click click.This is not a god game, it is a click game. Until it is real time, dynamic and a living world that just evolves with a player only nudging and influencing trends this game is heading to a terrible finished product. And it is a beta, meaning features are locked. The game won't be improving...oh damn!"
76561198004303858,Not Recommended,232810,7863269,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Toast of Doom,"*UPDATED*Still a pile of crap. obviously gearing up for a mobile release, its kind of pointless on PC. apparently its 50% done but you have seen all it has to offer in about 10 minutes. Horrible devs, completely ignore fans.*UPDATED 14/02/2015*Do not buy this game if not for anything else, out of principle. It has given Early Access games a bad name, become an ugly stain on kickstarters reputation and led to the downfal of a once legandary name is the game producing world."
,Not Recommended,232810,7557952,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Stormwalker,"The information that 22 Cans released on this Title is a lie and misrepresentation.   Peter Molyneux hyped this game as the next gen G-d Game, it is NOT, its a cheap tablet game at best.   They used references to ""Black and White"" and that is another misrepresentation, this game will be nothing nearly as innovative as B&W was.   This is a cheap, over-hyped product by people who decided instead of actually writing good software, they can use their past sucesses and lie to the public to make a profit.It's gameplay is annoying at best, you are not so much a G-d as you are a landscaper.Do NOT waste your money on this piece of garbage.You would be better off just burning the $20 as then you would at least get a few seconds of heat and light."
76561198097063568,Not Recommended,232810,7867566,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,KingChronos,Jumped in thinking this would be a great worldbuilding sim based on the trailer and pictures. Its really closer to a Facebook game involving nothing but clicking houses and cows for hours on end.
76561198023174930,Not Recommended,232810,9642907,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Relwolf,"They've joined the DARK SIDE of ""Early Access"" and it It looks like the Development team took their money and ran.  It was fun, but now not so much. What once was found, is now sadly lost. In my Opinion there is less to do after the patch, and seriously there is no way they can say this game is almost 50% complete. NO WAY! The Godus team needs to pick a clear direction, get motivated and get back on track.At this time, It's just not worth the money.Will update if they can get it right.J.Boog out!"
,Not Recommended,232810,10570872,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ˁ˚ᴥ˚ˀ,"I clicked, people hated me.I clicked again, people loved me.I clicked eight hundred more times, I got bored and decided to watch grass grow instead."
76561198005811560,Not Recommended,232810,8897985,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Jay,Doubt I'll ever purchase early releases again after this game.
76561198058414181,Not Recommended,232810,9443703,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Le Pew,Addition - 24/07/2014I genuinely can not believe Steam are still pushing this `game` for £14.99! I am one of the unfortunate ( and I admit stupid) ones that fell for the hype as soon as I saw the `game` crop up on steam. I have had the last laugh though. My `investment` in this `game` has provided me with many belly laughs reading comments on the forums!  R.I.P Peters career along with 22 cans.OriginalUpdate 2.0 Hurrah. 0.8 hrs played. That`ll be my lot. Deleted.+ Clicking - pretty much gone.- Waiting 9 minutes for my belief bubbles to refill so I can progress - still there. Tablet game.EPIC FAIL in my oh so most humble opinion.
76561198076600750,Not Recommended,232810,9482007,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,John Hemmingway,Move the land around so that your villagers can make houses and find cards. Theres nothing else to do. Use your money on something else thats deserving of it.
76561198081635122,Not Recommended,232810,8614160,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,lola.richard,"Even for an early access game there is barely enough content yet to warrant paying the exorbitant amount of that the developers are demanding. What happened to the good old days where gamers are able to purchase a full and complete game? With the threat of game contents held for ransom via microtransactions that borders on being unethical in the gaming universe, many have chosen to hold tightly to their purse coins and keep their eyes on this game with full trepidation. Had I known it would be as bad, I would not have purchased it. Had I known it was the state that it was in I would priced it at least 80-90% off the current asking price. I got it during the Christmas sale and decided to try give it a chance. Was very dissapointed.This game may have what it takes to be successful, however the state that the game is right now I strongly suggest that customers hold on to the their cash. The developers should be paying us because essentially we are the game testers, we are the ones coming up with suggestions and constructive criticsm.  I have clocked in decent amount of hours into this game and I can't progress any further within a few hours. I even started over several times with different strategies with the hope of better outcomes and still nada, ziltch, NOTHING! I have played other early access games that are cheaper and has a larger game content than Godus at it's current state."
76561198042719595,Not Recommended,232810,8635725,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Bromar,Its a god damn facebook game save your money
,Not Recommended,232810,8636524,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Virlomi,Just... don't.
76561198045004076,Not Recommended,232810,8986553,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,sir118,"Steam should allow returns for early acess game. Why? Becasue this ""game"" is so boring. Its a cow clicker, and not in a good way.The object of the game is scuplt the land and allow your settlement to grow by providing flat land to expand upon. The only issue is the land scuplting is flawed, the land forming doesn't feel accurate and at times it just doesn't work. You need flat land so any idea of creating a ""unique"" island is gone as you need to have more followers.Nothing is auto-managed and the village is so unintresting. Life isn't there, everyone looks the same and they don't do anything on their own. You can only get ""faith"" from clicking on their hovels and begin expanding when they raise their little flags. You also need to wait for some time to get anywhere as theres a timer on everything.The way its set up it feels like a free-to-play game that you would play on your iphone or tablet, not something that you would play on steam.Updates aren't frequent, and unlike other early acess game which at least give a game with some playablity, godus is right up there with towns in which the game just isn't there.I say if I could I would love a refund and uninstall this ""game"". But life ain't fair so all I can say to those who are looking at this game is this, spend your money on other games."
,Not Recommended,232810,9440062,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,refD,"It's like paying $20 (or whatever it was) for a soulless and empty facebook clickathon.Molyneux continues to disappoints (something I thought might not be possible). This game completely fails to achieve it's non-lofty goals.Do not buy this. Buy something from a developer that doesn't treat you like a rat in a Skinner box ... like ""Risk of Rain"" or ""Infested Planet""."
76561198107493244,Not Recommended,232810,9489661,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Youlittlewonder,An incredibly boring and unsophisticated clicking and dragging game that has no depth or point to it. There are no engaging features or any source of meaningful reward for the tedious and repetitive actions the user has to perform.. A huge fail by Peter Molyneux and 22cans.
76561198086130658,Not Recommended,232810,9797732,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,daetril,"This is a very annoying game, stay away. This is a God damn waste of money!"
76561198005433936,Not Recommended,232810,9814072,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,prodge58,"This game is a horrible, horrible mess.If you were under the impression that this might be Populous or Black & White with today's technology, you will be sadly mistaken.  If you're looking for a boring experience playing a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥demo for a tablet-based f2p card game, brother this is your ish!For everybody else?  Save your money.  Burn it if you just need to get rid of it, like if it's cursed or something.But please, please do not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,232810,9819729,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Ironoverkill,A game which rewards you for not playing deserves neither your money nor your patience.
,Not Recommended,232810,9867189,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,skunkfest,"looking at the screenshots is more fun than the actual game, do not buy"
76561198086846472,Not Recommended,232810,10430226,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,DingleDoodleDoo,Play as a god they said.
76561198025050162,Not Recommended,232810,8996166,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Seth'cor,"This is simply someone trying to make a shity facebook game and saying its  a real game. kinda sad realy, all the fun of famrville for 10 bucks., since famrville isw free obvouse choice on what one to go with. Though admitedly farmvile prolly has 100 times the number of fatures as this game."
,Not Recommended,232810,9368946,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,kikibrowning,the update has improved greatly but the puzzle part of the game slows my progress and aftr you find all of the chests and towers it stops my progress. the puzzles are many but not creative because there are only one way to solve them I found out as I tried digging and combining lands but it wouldn't let me then after a while I found that one way. a game like this should involve creativity not limit it completely.
76561198001580655,Not Recommended,232810,9333354,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Komadin,"I was attracted by the description of ""GOD GAME"" But it doesn't feel even close to any god game I've ever played... and not in a good way at all.Ok, I will cut them SOME slack because it is in early development but still.. the direction the game has been going so far is not really entertaining at all.The map/land is made out of layers and layers of land which to expand your ""civilization"" you have to pull it apart to make it flat. You cannot pull land unless you have enough belief which you have to WAIT for it to regenerate on your already constructed settlements. The mechanics of this is extremely tedius and boring. Eventually you can unlock ways to destroy your own settlements as if they thought this would be fun.. it's not. It feels like an evolved version of farmville but with a fake promise of ""civilization building"".Seriously, do not pay money for this game. IFFFF They improve this game and actually point it into the direction of a God Game, I will edit this review accordingly."
,Not Recommended,232810,11536603,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Saint Soarino,"When i first got the game it used to be simple, progression was quick and rewarding a good game to waste a few hours. But then i stoped playing for awhile then i reinstalled it and it was in beta i lost my old save and had to start again they added lots of new crap into the game make progression slow now and less rewarding. Unless this crap get ironed out in the full release its not worth paying for it now ♥♥♥♥ing thanks 22can's"
76561198026375895,Not Recommended,232810,11275779,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Odai,"Absolut time and money waste.All Kickstarter backers got betrayed, they took the money from people that wanted a pc game and now they are making the game as Mobile version with microtransactions to grab more money.Since Early Access (Sep. 2013) 2 ""big patches"" which changed nearly nothing accept making the waiting timers LONGER -.- (all people said since day one they need to go or need to be reduced)So nothing else to do in this game accept clicking your mouse into oblivion and waiting a couple of hourse for a villager to be born or to collect belive which lets you spend it in seconds.Peter Molyneux is talking, talking and talking but nothing happens. (for people that know him it was no surprise that he allways overpromises stuff, but he topped it this time once more with his bait and switch)This is the last game i bought from you Peter.There are way more better games that got made in less time, hopefully you see and read this review and others and spend your money on something awesome."
76561198041077061,Not Recommended,232810,18716546,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Puldus,Worst game i've played in a while.I played the game from the first moments and it went worse and worse by the time.
,Not Recommended,232810,9794129,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,[F|H]Stronkie,"At of this moment I would not buy this game in EA.It looked promising at the kickstarter page. But as for now.. It is an mobile based sculpting game that only gives you RSI fingers. There is not really communication going between the DEV's and the Community.What once was a most promising Game on PC , is now a doubtfull mobile game.If you look for a real godgame > Try playing B&W again.. It gives you more satifaction then this game will give you.. Well at least at this point of time.If they skip the mobile version and concentrate on the PC version- Making it look nicer- Implenting the things they promised- Listen to the community about the bugs....Well then I might have to change my No to a Yes.. Before that.. No"
,Not Recommended,232810,14605797,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Firm_Handshake,Don't buy i thought this was a gonna be a cool game were you can play god its not like that at all. Its just click here exoand this click here add a building which you don't even get to choose this game is more for a phone.
,Not Recommended,232810,7918972,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,joshuaturner,"Feels too much like a tablet game. Too much 'touch' interaction, ie: Clicking the 'belief' bubbles on top of the houses."
76561198049105980,Not Recommended,232810,7756118,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,TomStrongest,"Doesn't run smooth yet. Quite a few bugs.Also prety boring just a point and endlessly click game, might as well just get a cheap mobile game instead.Very misleading description of game.Not worth the price of a full game. Probably won't recommend even when it comes out of beta unless things wildly change."
,Not Recommended,232810,7867942,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Scoats,A glorified Facebook game. Should be titled Clickus. You'll have more fun playing Ride to Hell.
76561198031113537,Not Recommended,232810,9134681,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,dragonstryk72,"This review is still a no at the current stage. It has gotten better, and updates seem to be coming more quickly, but the game itself is still heading down a very wrong path. The game, of current, is heading very hard down the Fee-To-Pay/Pay-to-Win route, and I'm never going to endorse that.On the other end of it, the game is extremely tedious, especially in the early game. I say this as someone who plays games like Lord of The Realm II, Crusader Kings II, and other games that are designed to be a more laid-back experience.There's no feeling of current of being a god, due to the current lockdown mechanics, meaning that you are locked out of even some of the most basic game functions (Even panning/zooming the camera), untl the game ""allows"" you to have it. There is no sandbox, it's very much on-rails the whole time, even when you unlock more of the island, it's still only the small amount the game allows you to have, and there is no choice of direction."
,Not Recommended,232810,7964541,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,WinterAppleS™,"""Godus"" is a game, hard to understand and at first might seem quite boring! Just dragging land, making houses... Thats it?! Nope. Players who own ""Godus"" must go onto Youtube and watch the tutorials/gameplay of ""Godus"" to understand how to play it. Personally, in my own opinion, the game makes no sense. It feels as if this game is only for people with a whole bunch of time on their hands to do the same things over and over again..3.5/10-WinterApple"
,Not Recommended,232810,7890573,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Inquisitor Reira,"PLEASE REMEMBER THIS GAME IS IN BETA CURRENTLY, SO THIS REVIEW ONLY COUNTS FOR SUCH.So far, after being genuinely excited to see this in the sale, I have been majorly disappointed.This game is over-complicated yet also boringlyy simple. The controls and symbols are unexplained, I run out of 'God Juice' as I call it FAAAAAR too often, and the followers just wander aimlessley until a plot of land appears.This game CLEARLY has potential, and is clearly a work in progress...but for now, this really needs some work.I am stretching to give this 3/10 just for the quirkiness and interesting concept, but a 3 is an overstatement.Again, this game is still a beta, so keep that in mind...just don't rush to grab it any time soon, give it a wait on this one."
,Not Recommended,232810,8964752,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,nick_stubbings,"This is a terrible example of greedy developers taking advantage of customers. (Also, Valve/Steam wont give you a refund as its an ""Early Access"" game)There is ZERO gameplay and this is *allegedly* 41% completeThere has been no word from the developers for 4 months and no news of updates.DO NOT BUY THIS RUBBISH, and let the developers/valve know what you think of paying for a title that will blatently never be finished"
,Not Recommended,232810,8637185,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Xerapin,"Until this game gets some serious reworking its nothing more than a clickfest. No Story, No Lore, just click click click click click click click click click click click..."
76561198080487286,Not Recommended,232810,8895939,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Sammy Sexbang,"honestly it's a GOOD game although it's hard to truly love it or hate it as it is still in alpha. I enjoyed the first few hours involved buuuut then the game takes a hard standstill with similar gameplay and little inovation i can only hope that for this game the dev can add possibly a new layer to longer sections of each era in game. As of right now i would advise against buying in its current state,but keep an eye on it, it has PLENTY of potential inside practacly bursting at the seams!"
76561198085316721,Not Recommended,232810,8529621,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,jack23011,"UPDATE: I FOUND THIS HYSTERICAL""The time has come for us to emerge from the comforting cocoon that is 22cans Towers and return to the warm embrace of our friends and family, our kith and kin, as the holiday season festivities begin in earnest.Our development and support staff will be on vacation from 4pm GMT on Wednesday 24th December 2014 until 10am GMT on Monday 5th January 2015.""Vacation? Other than stoping by to take folks money, all you've been on vacation for a year, lmao!""AVOID THIS CONTINUED AND BLATANT CASH GRAB.I must admit, after recommending patience with this simulator/game (not sure at this point what it is supposed to be anymore), my patience is wearing thin waiting for some major improvement of any kind. People keep buying this game yet little significant movement is visible to the player. Interface is still maddening at times vis-avis land sculpting and the mechanics have not changed since I picked this up. Essentially dig holes for cards to unlock societal improvements. This is not a super complicated premise or graphically/physics intensive concept so I have to agree with others...where's the beef? I'm not ready to abandon the game just trying to understand why movement is glacial."
76561198002598785,Not Recommended,232810,8001383,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Tactive,"Horrible. Will NEVER reach what they have promised. This game will die in production LONG before it's complete. They will sell you a product that they SAY is in ""Beta""... but it's not, it's in ALPHA... 40%... and hasn't had an update in months.   Avoid this game, and keep your money.   They aren't close."
76561198004067968,Not Recommended,232810,22948241,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,dynozenn,"Oh man is this a rich, fetid steamer.  This is the last time I'll ever be ""Molyneuxed."""
76561197994232893,Not Recommended,232810,9015295,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Fufu,Terrible game.. Waste of money..
76561197967887948,Not Recommended,232810,8374641,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,EvilDonkey,"Its not a game for PC, but for mobile devices."
76561198003731612,Not Recommended,232810,8634987,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Freddy{FML},It's an okay game. But very slow start up and land scuplting which is pretty much the base game play. Took about 8 to 10 hours just to get the land to a point were I could settle it enough to get to the next era. Also as of right now they have not completed the next era and there is like 10 of them to go. So expet to put in 10+ hours per era in game play. Oh and heres the kicker this is an MMO type game if you ever want to get out of the bronze age you have to fight and win against other players on steam and seeing how they have not made it so you can play with anyone other than the ones on your list right now don't waste your time until the game is completed.
,Not Recommended,232810,10395274,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,AlinaKitti,"This game is basically click and drag. Gameplay is extremely simple and not worth the price at all. I thought adding another god game to my collection would be nice, but buyers, if you like god games just stick with Black and White."
76561198030926922,Not Recommended,232810,10171565,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Gall,remind me to never buy a game in its early stage again. its kinda boring and feels empty
,Not Recommended,232810,9294390,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Xehlwan,"At the moment of writing this review, Godus appears to be vaporware. There has not been an update or any form of communication from the developers for several months, and the game has barely changed since it appeared on Early Access five months ago."
76561198051742574,Not Recommended,232810,8907026,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,adambowen93,"I liked this game, but the lack of any REAL updates, not just ""Video Updates"", has made me a bit disappointed. A message to 22Cans, learn from lots of other Beta games, and destribute more frequent updates to keep people interested."
76561198004309356,Not Recommended,232810,8800492,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Bender,"This game has a good civilization building aspect but is bogged down with the tedious collection of faith ""balls"", overall its lame. Should have been a tablet or phone game for .99 cents."
76561198053880245,Not Recommended,232810,8810552,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,BoyettBoi,My hand hurts so bad from all the clicking.
,Not Recommended,232810,10169884,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,GiaLoTa,"Personally, I feel this is a rip off and a steal, nothing that is promised is actually in game, or it is, but the quality is worse than FB game. After you complete painful story you are being thrown into CAMPAIGN ABOUT SOME RANDOM NOT FUNNY DUDES ""CHATTING ON SKYPE"" ABOUT SOME RANDOM BS.I think steam should take this crap down."
76561198068930087,Not Recommended,232810,10193081,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,enter_river,"This could be one of the most boring games I have ever played. It doesn't seem to know what kind of game it wants to be, and if it does, it certainly doesn't communicate that to the player.I put 15 hours into this game hoping it would evolve into something interesting. It didn't.They released a major update claiming to have heard the complaints of their players and fixed the issues. They didn't."
76561198006887201,Not Recommended,232810,10949727,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Vossler,When I first got this game I was interested in seeing where the devs would take it.  Now more than a year later I'm still waiting.  The devs are constantly starting over and changing everything and each time you have to learn how to play again.  There is little depth and whenever they are actually on the verge of a playable game they wipe everything and start over again.  It seems like the devs don't even know what this game is going to be.  Don't waste your time or money on this game because it is going nowhere.
,Not Recommended,232810,11632093,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,♪∿♫ R I B S T E R,"Welcome to Godus! Where promises are never kept, *cough cough curiosity cough cough* Where a god is forced to wait as if they were playing a FTP iPhone app while they actually paid 16$, and where you truly are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off you didn't know about steam refunds until it was too late.Sob."
,Not Recommended,232810,10693528,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Cold,Would not buy again.
76561198009350533,Not Recommended,232810,9619998,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Redwood,"This Game would be great if it were free, please don't spend your money on it! Between the glitches and the utter lack of a story/campaign/pvp there's no real point to playing anymore. I can't progress past the first few stages any more due to the new sticker system (which is a rediculously stupid idea). my hands hurt every time I play it due to mow much scultping is required. I feel less like a god amoung his followers and more like a kid watching ants in a sandbox."
76561198017423238,Not Recommended,232810,7923836,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,DopplerFrog,"It is a mobile game avertised as a pc game.The problem here is that 22cans wants to create a mobile game, while the godus players want a pc game. Why would you ask?Because the pc gamers are not the target audiance of 22cans. The causal tablet gamer is.However, early acces on steam is a good oppurtunity for 22cans to get some free cash for the development of their mobile game.The 2.0 update had two goals:1. give the illusion (to the rest of the gaming community) of listening to player feedback by changing the overall appearance of godus but not the core mechanics.2. while further developing the core mobile mechanics.After the patch, godus feels even more like a mobile game on rails than the 1.3 version.clicking is changed in to swiping. The scrapbook got changed into a timeline. The user interface was redone. Its the same (lack of) gameplay, but with a different appearence.They can change the stickers to fridgemagnets, to filppos to marbles.its all the same crap.After the patch, its still (even more of) a mobile game and 22cans is fully aware of these issues.There are some optimistic players that believe that the core game mechanics will magicly change to those of a god game when godus comes out of beta. A naive assumption in my opinion.22cans should take this app of steam and put it in the app store where it belongs, or stop advertising it as a god game which it is not.With every patch / sale a new bunch of people buy this thinking it is a pc-game.22cans, you are wasting peoples time and money. Stop being dishonest.All we can do as players is warn others about godus, and warn others when 22cans or their developers try to release a new game in the future."
76561198044978830,Not Recommended,232810,10665747,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Blazedallup,not very fun at all
76561198049486767,Not Recommended,232810,29909856,Posted: 13 February,all,Overkill,Don't. Just don't. This game is dead and it had nothing going for it when it died.
,Not Recommended,232810,8681798,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Firy351,"Godus, a game where you control a civilization and act as a god where you can control and manipulate the people and what goes on etc. This game is VERY disapointing! In it's current state, it is NOTHING like the discription the dev's give us on the game page! Its super boring, and it acts EXACTLY like a facebook game. Do not buy this game, I will not make another review on this game untill they make this game interesting, and more enjoyable to be played."
,Not Recommended,232810,9345890,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Abusive Husband,"The game is a tedious, limited and boring village builder with a bunch of stupid 'mini-games' mechanics.At this stage of development I strongly advise you NOT to buy it, and judging by Molyneux's history don't get it if you're hoping it will be much better later. There's a good chance it won't be."
,Not Recommended,232810,9343547,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Skiddox,they will never finish this human race!
,Not Recommended,232810,9975967,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,CruzCoda,"Following this game since it was first released on Steam Early Access, I have had nothing but high hopes for it. Each iteration has shown that there are core concepts ready to dig their heels in and actually become part of a greater game. Each time, however, they keep missing the mark.At its core, it feels like I've paid money to get a FaceBook game. Everything is about waiting for a few seconds, to nearly half an hour, even in the early stages of the game. While I am no stranger to waiting for buildings to be constructed or resources to be collected, the concept of using 'gems' to speed up construction simply reminds me of what happened to Peter's other brainchild, Dungeon Keeper.With Godus 2.2, there's a little more polish to the front end, and definitely some optimizations taking place to the engine, but for being a God Game, it feels like I have little control. Maybe in another year things will get better. Until then, I'd spend money on something different."
,Not Recommended,232810,10932962,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,yellowsnow1450,"Before Godus, I had never before played a game of the ""God Game"" genre, but I can flat-out say that this excuse for a PC game ruined it.This game was built to be one of those money-wasting App Store purchases you buy on your smartphone, where you wait a couple days for some notification to pop up and then collect your resources and leave it aside. For one thing, all you do in this game is click. You click to gather your resources. You click to gather your ""belief"" (the source of power to sculpt the landscaape and so on). You click to influence your people. You click to sculpt the landscape. This type of click based gameplay is not very enjoyable nor easy for a PC based game. Now before I get off hand for why this game was NOT meant for a PC, let me backtrack and explain the other aspects of the game.First of all, you get to mold the whole world around you. In theory this could be fun, since you are a god after all, but somehow this game has taken all the enjoyment out of it. You have a limit to how much you can sculpt, and this is based on your belief. Your belief on the other hand is based on your population. So this means in the early stages of the game, you can do nothing but cover up a few puddles, or smoothen out a miniscule island.The artwork and graphic style of the game seemed creative enough, until it came to the gameplay with it. The world is built in layers of rock, grass, dirt, and sand. This seems appealing to the eye at first, but in game, it was a terrible idea. You can only move one layer at a time, and later upgrade your powers to move larger chunks of layers. This not only causes for lots of unessecary clicking but is also tiring and time consuming.The AI for your followers is also very hard to control and seemed to be built with no thought of the players motives as a god at all. For example, say you were sculpting a bit of land to make your people's small village more clean looking. Once there was a wide enough space, and a villager walking outside, he or she would immediatley run to the clearing and swiftly start erecting a house upon the land. This is not only annoying but inconvinient for players trying to explore the ablility of controlling the land.Because this is an Early Access game, the developers must definitely been working on making this game better, right? No. this is the oppositte of what has been going on. There has been almost no connection between the community and the developers, and what is there is little comments made by the developers summing up to ""This game is great! Buy it!"". After released as Early Access, there was no updats till 5 months later, by then which most of the community had left. The new update erased all of your previous hard work and replaced them with new hunch-backed character models and new tree animations. All of the screenshots you see on the store page aare now completely irrelevant for they have nothing to do with the current state of the game.I am sorry that this review has ventured into the TL;DR zone and now I shall sum it up like a bad third-grade conclusion paragraph: The game was built to be a mobile pay-to-win game. Intuvitve controls are nothing but intuvitive. Creative art style doesnt work. AI is bad. Devlopers dont do anything. It is sad to see a game with such potential go up some careless developer's ***.Please dont bother wasting your money on this. I'd give it a 0/10 for gameplay, or lack of."
,Not Recommended,232810,15906463,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Covert,"When I first got it, it was extremely fun. I looked forward to new updated. There was a span where I didn't play it. It was when I saw it on the mobile store I wanted to play again on my PC. Instead of what I assumed, which was new features and new ages, I got a version that was in some ways WORSE then earlier betas. Right now I wont recommend it, but If the developers actually fix it and listen, I may change my stance."
,Not Recommended,232810,24042148,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,[小島秀夫]meatloafಠ_ಠBu$hG4m3r#$w4g,"'Oh good I'm starting to have fun'-game crashes-'Ok well a one-off crash is ok, only lost 2 minutes of progress'-seven crashes later-♥♥♥♥ this game"
,Not Recommended,232810,28311378,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Kombat EngineerKSP,"22cans blew their chance to restore the UK back to the golden age of game development.1.5/10 ""they stole my cash""~IGN"
,Not Recommended,232810,32314935,Posted: 10 June,all,Charlie don't surf,"So much promise, so little accomplished. I saw this game and though how much potential it had, saw how the developers were really pushing things through, listening to the community and making a really good game.... Then it happened. The dreaded on hold indefinitely. Another reason that Steam needs to put safe guards for Alpha and Beta test games, if the developer stops working on it for any reason, I feel a refund should be acceptable. What is even more annoying is the company started a seperate game when they should be finishing just the one game..."
76561197977256311,Not Recommended,232810,20457614,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Avlon,"Abandon -  Can't even start a fresh game, they have been working on that option for 2+ years... enough said. Tutorial is bugged right at the start, the followers will not build the 1st Abode. Turn the tutorial off for that part and you will be able to proceed. From there the game seems to be working..."
76561197980167113,Not Recommended,232810,25502505,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Dubba,"Failure..It's almost like a mobile game. While the game had some promise at first and the style was pretty relaxing, it is very empty."
76561198075710217,Not Recommended,232810,20469515,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,SeanG,"While 22cans started out strong with this title, little to no progress despite constant reassurances of project moving forward."
76561198048130238,Not Recommended,232810,20386160,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,eyanray2k,"Just Like all the other Reviews In this Section, I loved this game, and it's ideas but it's all but abandoned.Unfinished, broken, microtransaction riddled crap. Buy something Else."
76561197970406233,Not Recommended,232810,10316469,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Psychonaut23,"Quite simply put, this is not the game I paid for.  It could hardly even be described as an actual game.  If it had been another commodity I had purchased I would have consumer rights to back me up in asking for a refund.  As it stands I am screwed here.If you get a buzz out of random clicking, dragging and clicking again with the knowledge that the game you have paid for is currently free on apple iphone etc then by all means buy this.  I'll not be caught out again and I doubt I'll evey look at another PM game in the future.Buyer beware!"
,Not Recommended,232810,10419944,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,(Censored),"Wow! way to turn a casual game with issues into a headache pos game with more issues. Stop removing things, adding things, and fix the issues. the game was at least an ok game to play now and then as I assumed it would be when you first brought it out. A type of hey lets see how my people are doing in Godus type game. now you turned it into a need to do this and need to do that while waiting forever for crap to happen worthless package of crap. Thumbs down for distroying the game."
76561198027786803,Not Recommended,232810,10341543,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Friend Who Looks Good,June 2016 Edit:This title appears to be abandoned by the company.Do not buy.
76561197960689557,Not Recommended,232810,22045930,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Vinnypop,"This is vaporware. perpetual development hell. and a spin off! what the hell. If there was a refund line i'd be first in line. sad thing is this was looking like somthing special, then peter must have gotten bored..."
76561197969824888,Not Recommended,232810,11202684,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Novakaine,Money grab.
76561198000088094,Not Recommended,232810,8668991,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,GOObER,"What started out as an exciting new labor of love from the famous Peter Molyneux has slowly turned into a small gasp which has many wondering if we will ever see what was ultimately promised. Slow development, little communication from the developers, and rumors that 22Cans is running out of money are what fans are currently experiencing. All this plus the fact that the current state of the game simplifies down to just endless and repetitive mouse clicking. If you are one of the customers who spent the 20.00 to become part or Early Access you have reason to a bit concerned."
76561198052785045,Not Recommended,232810,8671575,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,xmode,Really no idea where the fun is supposed to be in this game. Its just a lot of clicking.
76561198027904813,Not Recommended,232810,8678283,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,higgimonster,"Even though this is unfinished, it is just a terribly boring concept. Poorly executed. Just move along and get something else. Like Kerbal Space Program."
76561198000401543,Not Recommended,232810,8725306,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Eight-255,"Boring, repetative, lifeless, and obviously designed to have a cash shop element. Don't fall for it."
76561198042046028,Not Recommended,232810,7896743,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Garendalf,"Wait till full release, right now not worth the money."
,Not Recommended,232810,8387247,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,boneless,"""GODUS empowers you in the role of a god, allowing you to sculpt every inch of a beautiful world that you look down upon, on which a population of Followers settle andThis may be so, but its about as far as anything in this game goes.  Pretty dull and boring, I wouldn't pay any more than a couple dollars for this in its current state and would not recommend buying it before final release."
76561198060907364,Not Recommended,232810,8655261,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,WatermanW52,This game is dead. Havent had an update in months. Do not buy.
,Not Recommended,232810,8664210,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Stuart,"While there is a lot of promise currently the game is sort of a dead end, and progress on updates seems slow (its been at 41% for a long time). I am also worried that its goign to require multiplayer to progress past a certain point as opposed to making it an option. Terraforming is incredibly tedious even when you have maximum 'cliff sculpting'Hopefully it will change and i keep playing it in hope of proving myself wrong, the nostalgia and wish for populus reborn is high here."
,Not Recommended,232810,8665104,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Mossy Rock,"Lackluster and without any of the charm, wit, or challenge of Populous, Black and White, or any other game in the god genre.The UI is tedious and carpal tunnel inducing. I cannot recommend this game at all in its current state."
76561198031364947,Not Recommended,232810,8668828,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Empty Milkshake,Only early access game ive purchased and after this one... i wont be buying anymore.
76561198042328281,Not Recommended,232810,8670271,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Robjef93,"pretty poop in early access, its like, move the floor around and use worse graphics and spells/people management then the 10 year? old game black and white... its peter molyneux i think who made this game, and yet its like the prequel to black and white in content"
,Not Recommended,232810,8671183,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Virkkunen,"It's essentialy the facebook game in which you pay to play and pay to win.It lacks every base aspect of a simple god game and turns it into a crude and empty clicking game. Saying that this is the ""regenesis of the god game"" is a joke. Turning something great as Populous or Black & White to a game with bad and dated graphics, horrible AI, poor landscaping and terrible controls even though it's basically just click and click and click to remove layers of a giant cake, finding some useless chests in the way and more clicking.DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT buy this. It is not even worth going to someone's house to play it."
,Not Recommended,232810,8672875,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Vinsildin,Do not buy.
,Not Recommended,232810,8673122,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Fondue - 209,Still waiting for more features.
76561198031321208,Not Recommended,232810,8673406,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,aZombie,
76561198060099687,Not Recommended,232810,8510366,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Twinkle,"This game is straightup boring. The clicking to get belief isn't as bad when you get settlements (statues that gather belief of a small area). So you start at a beach, then just a kind of flat land, and then you get to the mountains. Sculpting the lands is extremely boring and the only way to advance in the game. Please, PLEASE, do NOT buy this game, even if it is 10 dollars. There will be a pay 2 win store and it is just like a free moblie phone game. NEVER EVER EVEN CONSIDER BUYING THIS."
,Not Recommended,232810,8662442,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,kghosty,I wouldn't suggest buying this game.It gets repetitive and boring fast
76561198062506762,Not Recommended,232810,8664646,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Gravity,buck buck bcuk bug bugbgu bug bgu bug
76561197993311845,Not Recommended,232810,8667819,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Jalec,too simplistic. Feels like its on rails. Maybe i havent made it far enough but i expected more.
,Not Recommended,232810,8691740,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Potato,To bad they failed this game :( could be good but its feels like casual mobile game crap!
,Not Recommended,232810,8521991,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Set,very boring
,Not Recommended,232810,8655447,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Zero,"If you are looking for an actual game, look elsewhere. This game (as it is) is more about clicking to terraform, waiting for belief (the resource required to terraform), and even more waiting for your population/agriculture to grow.There is actually very little to do in this game besides watching a little bar on your screen filling up. There's no endgame in sight, and there's no real goal except to sit there and watch that damn bar go up.TL;DR: Don't buy until they actually have a game to play."
76561197998050089,Not Recommended,232810,8656264,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Steeler,"This game is not finished, and developer momentum since hitting Steam Early Access has not ben promising. Many broken or missing elements, unclear instructions on how to progress along the paths that are actually implemented, and no sign yet of the persistent world that has been hinted at in the buzz. The outline of a solid sandbox civ game is visible with some engaging art and interesting game elements, but whatever they are working towards is way off in the distance. Keep on the radar but do not put down money yet."
76561198005849541,Not Recommended,232810,8677506,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Aesir,"Way too slow.Bad mechanics show up that invalidate earlier efforts (im looking a you, storms)Requiers mp battling to advance sp game.Still in production, but its its heading in a stupid and bad direction so far.Game is bad.Do not buy."
,Not Recommended,232810,8739541,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,☮QuadFather☮,"WAY TOO MUCH CLICKING! Stay Away From This One, It Sucks A**."
,Not Recommended,232810,8517335,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,YGBHawk,"Allot of clicking, trees take 3 clicks! I also do not like having to give the littles guys health just more damn clicking. Not anything like the Black and White series at all do not buy under that presumption. Really is allot of clicking, slow gameplay and nothing more. This is early beta but i would have to say they need to add ALLOT more in with ALLOT less clicking.99% bad reviews, listen to the people! Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click NO!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,232810,8671064,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,DonaldTrump,Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click Click  and you cant forget about the Click  at the end. This game sucks. Cant believe I bought it. DO NOT BUY
76561198110452788,Not Recommended,232810,8653159,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Runellee,"In short: Don't buy this game unless you like to push sand around with a complete lack of purpose (or tutorial). Hoping the full version improves it a whole lot, otherwise I'm upset I spent money on this."
,Not Recommended,232810,8654964,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Cheesemcboots,"I would not recommend this game.  At this point in time, there is little to do.  Clicking landscapes to make more room for people to build houses, in this day and age, feels like a constant kick in the teeth towards humans.  I know we use resources to build and I know we consume too much...It is no reason to make a game that constantly reminds me of that.Another example of how Peter 'If only he knew' releases a game that is over hyped and totally boring."
,Not Recommended,232810,8663818,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Smitington,Click... click...click...
,Not Recommended,232810,8673489,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,pRagazzo,"Original Review: I just bought essentially a facebook game -_-Comparison from first to v2.0: The previous one was a pile of crap, the new one is a pile of crap with sprinkles."
,Not Recommended,232810,8674666,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,0ddAcHe,It looked promising... the only real experice here is clicking...
76561198053771529,Not Recommended,232810,8678885,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,annexanthony,smh
76561198034403440,Not Recommended,232810,8678941,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Restrepo,"By far the worst game I have ever played even considering it is an easrly access. Feels like a web browser game where the only real gameplay is clicking random objects. Your people don't even mine/cut wood, etc just sit around coming out only to build."
,Not Recommended,232810,8689980,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,FreshePeppa,It's priced like a PC game but plays like a terrible mobile game.
76561198036805500,Not Recommended,232810,8694502,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Evilside,"I felt more like a slave than a god; clicks after clicks, but with a timer. Like a prospector that doesn't have to look for his gold, but wait for it to respawn and collecting it by clicking."
,Not Recommended,232810,10732780,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jellybones,"You'd think that playing God would be fun, but it isn't. God is dead (bored)."
76561197983590950,Not Recommended,232810,25420662,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Halcyon,Will never be finished.  It's a joke.
,Not Recommended,232810,24026493,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Andreas,"What I have to say to what the developers have to say:“GODUS is a unique game…"" – Oh yes, it is: very much apart from everything good.""…that we hope will grow to be truly special."" – Line fungus on a shower wall, it'll grow and be special if you can stand the side effects.""We've thoroughly enjoyed developing our dream game…"" – The word you're looking for is sadism.""…alongside the community…"" – Not on Steam. Is there another community for that game?""…and are continuing to refine the game based on the feedback of the players."" – Here's one thing you got right: in a god game, there's no room for democracy.""We warn you that there are still bugs and incomplete features…"" – Maybe you shoud rephrase this as warning that there might still be remainders of a gaim lurking in the dark corners of this collection of bugs and incomplete features.""…this is the nature of the journey we are on."" – If that's a journey, glacial movement is a race.""You may wish to wait for the finished game…"" – I'll make sure to mention this in my will.""…but we have much content still to discover and improve as the game continues development."" – Who's exactly working on this game if you yourselves still have to discover its content?""We do hope you’ll help with this. If you do, you are part of our development team. We look forward to receiving your feedback.” – There's no lack of community feedback. There's just a lack of understanding what the community says: ""Overwhelmingly Negative""."
,Not Recommended,232810,29771537,Posted: 7 February,all,Hate Grenade,"lol do not buy this game, especially not for 11 pounds. If someone gifts you this game punch them in the mouth."
,Not Recommended,232810,29768138,Posted: 7 February,all,SASKIYEAAAAAH,Too much like a mobile game - take your money elsewhere
,Not Recommended,232810,11366769,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Jim in a knot,Peter Molyneux does it again! This game has not and will never deliver the features Molyneux is promising.
76561198101148555,Not Recommended,232810,11077073,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,ThePraetorian__,Run
76561197961596092,Not Recommended,232810,11347535,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Toben,"Since the steam summer sale this game has advertised multiplayer. This has been removed from the game for a while and is no longer is funtioning. Steam needs to remove the multiplayer tag from the game. This is false advertising. If 22cans takes something out of the game, remove it from the feature list. The previous versions of this game had more to do. All it is now is a real estate game..."
76561198041985801,Not Recommended,232810,11426689,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,[T Fur 2] Pizzarugi,"Now I wasn't expecting something like Black & White which I thought were amazing games, but I was expecting something better than this from Molyneux when it comes to god games. This is an appalling clickfest and terraforming game more than it is a god game."
76561197978706327,Not Recommended,232810,11354674,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Tardmonkey,"This game has come a long way since the first early access release.  However, it is still nothing like I expected.  If you are looking for something like Black and White you will be very disappointed.  The game can't decide whether it is a city builder or a god game.  It is simply mediocre at both.  Frankly, this game falls flat on its face.  I keep trying each new build expecting the devs to listen to player criticisms and make meaningful changes, but this has been half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥so far.  Hopefully it gets better over time.Example of why this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ thus far:  I had to leave my game on and go do laundry and clean my house to wait for belief to accumulate.  Thanks Peter."
76561198124219207,Not Recommended,232810,30288141,Posted: 2 March,all,Firebeez,"Good game, its fun and simple and easy to play. But theres a lot of bugs with no resolution in sight. It crashes almost constantly and is just a pain to keep up with. Wouldn't suggest spending the money on it."
,Not Recommended,232810,26152000,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Treefingers,This game was initially really fun with a ton of potential and then the developers completely abandoned the game. Such a bummer. Do not support this game; the early access is a scam at this point.
76561198105792346,Not Recommended,232810,25034747,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,RNG| dundundundudhudndndnundun,Trash needs severe updates. Waste of money.
76561198085779509,Not Recommended,232810,25056864,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,mrsnativelady6,Was a waste of money. Developers never finished and game never worked correctly.
,Not Recommended,232810,21396893,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Stormfury,"It's been ages since I've heard anything. Eagerly awaiting a patch stating the game was in beta, released or even an alpha state.  Shame, I was really eagerly looking forward to a reboot of the popular franchise Populus. It's why I kickstarted.  This though, just isn't finished.  Skip and spend you're money elsewhere. :("
,Not Recommended,232810,21599878,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Мудак,It's god awful.
76561198022382110,Not Recommended,232810,21982853,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Naughty Santa,"When the game first became available it was so interesting. But the devs freaked out over some complaints that the game isn't the same as every other god game they've played. So the unique game got scrapped a half dozen times. Now, it has some stupid commetary where peter whats his face is apologizing in your ear about trying something new, and explaining why he thought it was a good idea while you try to play what reamins of this game, all the while scrapping the most unique and best parts of this game.The best part is this unfinished game already has a sequal and they are charging 15 bucks incase you want to relive the disappointment all over again."
76561198076205586,Not Recommended,232810,22052127,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Acuru,"Promising game, but abounded by developer."
76561197991550106,Not Recommended,232810,9961713,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,LazyTitan,Isnt worth♥♥♥♥♥♥ latest patch even forces you trough the worst tutorial ever. Its the most basic and it wants you to do everything 3 times for no reason! And it constantly crashes as you try to close it. Dont buy it its a piece of crap
,Not Recommended,232810,9949229,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,You guys need some Octodad,"With omnipotency comes shifting dirt?  Godus has the visual appeal and some infrastructure that can provide for a unique expierence.  And a unique one it is, however unique doesn't equal good.  You would think that being a ""God"" you could do more than just shift layers of Earth or set random trees ablaze, however that's all Godus has become.  Even it's ""mini-games"" are just doing that, shifting layers of Earth.  As a suggestion, there is a large focus on the building of civiliation.  Perhaps there could be elements of building and shaping land features out of nothing, instead of just moving steps to allow citizens to move.  And provide real danger such as volcanos and animals."
76561198018061986,Not Recommended,232810,9949343,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,[PROLASPE] SCHPOOPLE,"In its current state, it is not worth 20$. Most of the other reveiws some it up rather well. Overall I would wait this on out, and would advise not to go for the early access."
,Not Recommended,232810,26420133,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Rusty Shackleford,I don't know how I played this game for 17 hours. It's awful but strangely enough I played it a lot for like a week. Then I realized I was playing farmville with skydaddies and I stopped.
,Not Recommended,232810,31459415,Posted: 30 April,all,-Regolith SuperiorServers.co,"Pretty boring. Extremely sad that it's been almost 3 years since I last played this game and it's still in Early Access. It was kinda fun back when it was first released, but after they updated it, it got really ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Interesting concept, awfully executed. I wish I could get a refund, but it's been too long."
76561198082836198,Not Recommended,232810,23576477,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Williambear,Its just overall really bad. You dont really build anything yourself. You watch the game place buildings. Everything is behind a waiting gate so you end up waiting for stuff. Just dont get it. Its god awful game and has nothing to offer.
,Not Recommended,232810,23653577,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,rogerwilco!,"This game never seemed to advanced past the alpha stage. Much potential, but little  that actually came of it. Not recommended at all."
,Not Recommended,232810,21350623,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Muffcabbage,"I could poop, then form it into a cd, then shove it in to my computer and put it on steam. It would be a better game then this. -100 poop/10"
,Not Recommended,232810,22188312,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Acehazbin,"Over promised god game. Coming from the creator of the god-game genre its really hard for me to wrap my head around how bad of a game this is. Playing it from when it first released to now. it does feel as if it was intended to be a lite free to play game with micro transactions, perhaps  if it was released as such on tablets and Peter learned how to shut the hell up we all wouldnt be upset at every game he has a part in."
76561198036241609,Not Recommended,232810,21976004,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,backspacer57,I really thought this would be a different game from the phone version but the first few minutes are exactly the same with a voice over added. It's not worth it and for a desktop game it's pretty much a waste of time. You can expect to put in a lot of hours for little to no return in entertainment.
,Not Recommended,232810,22133989,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Tangerine29,Doesn't even load so I can play
,Not Recommended,232810,21712484,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,OB1,"This game is unfinished, unpolished, not thought out and utter♥♥♥♥♥♥You would be suprised though, that this game, is a real pile of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥with chunky♥♥♥♥♥turd sauce on top.But the graphics were good.9/10 IGN"
76561198011975213,Not Recommended,232810,24002229,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Z3R0Dyne,Vaporware.
76561197960818082,Not Recommended,232810,21162438,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Badger,What was wrong with making another Black and White?? I mean seriously not even Molyneux could mess that up... couldn't say that with a straight face.Promised a God Game got a God Dammit Not Again Molyneux Game.
,Not Recommended,232810,23572807,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,SpokenSoftly,"This game had potential. When I first bought it, not long after it came onto Early Access, it was fun, updated frequently, and had some interesting features planned.Then came the delays. The slowdowns. The silences.At this point it's been months since this piece of tripe had any update at all, let alone an actually substantive one. Abandonware. Do not buy."
,Not Recommended,232810,29530060,Posted: 27 January,all,Reynolds,It was a promising concept but developers didnt manage to deliver what they promise. Check out Universim instead ;)
,Not Recommended,232810,11900847,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,FrumpyB,"To be frank, this is one of those games that someone's well-meaning parent will buy for them on a holiday instead of a game that they really want. Then, the poor kid will severely question whether their parents actually love them or hate them.I would not wish this digital offense to the gaming community on my worst enemy, and I'm surprised this abomination hasn't been wiped off of Steam for misrepresentation of product. Early access my♥♥♥♥♥♥ How many years has it been? I have seen many early access games, way more intricate and expensive to fund, that were actually playable and were delivered.So in short, this ""game"" will probably make you double check every game you purchase in the future to make sure Peter Molyneux's dirty hands haven't touched it. That way you can have some assurance that your next purchase won't be horrible."
76561198055712877,Not Recommended,232810,11934549,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Bumrush,"the game is more frustrating than anything else, the villagers dont seem to do what you want, the gameplay and progression is slow and boring and the tech system is equally sluggish and confusing.Not worth the money, seriously dont buy this."
76561197993914537,Not Recommended,232810,11762369,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Micosil,"Aight. Godus. Only game out of the ones I got that merits a review, and this review's a warning - don't be fooled by the fact that Peter Molyneux is in it, don't be fooled by the fact that it's called a God Game. This game has nothing to do with Black and White, Populous, Dust, or any other kind of godsim you can think of.Why, you ask? Well, I could answer in a lot of ways, because there's a lot of things wrong with this game. I could talk about how utterly bad the AI is, but it's an early access - I can live with that. I could talk about the terrible progression system that makes you scout all your territory in search for the elusive graphic effect that marks a box in the ground that may or may not have one of the fifteen cards that you need to make your followers move slightly faster, but that might just be that I'm not target audience for this kind of thing - to be fair, this feels a lot like a Facebook game, you have to log on every several hours to gather your belief, involves a lot of clicking, etc...What is not a subjective thing is that this game has shown almost no progress in its iterations. It takes ages to get a patch and, when one finally comes out, it's more of the same and ten pages of patch notes telling us just how exactly they changed the tone of the ground, while they ignore the core issues of this game. It's been stuck on 40%ish progress (according to the designers themselves) for as long as I've had it, since it came on Greenlight.TL;DR: Honestly, this game is, and has been, awful, and it feels like a complete moneygrab."
76561198138528970,Not Recommended,232810,11863287,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,judooknow,"Overall the concept of the game is ok, and I think it will be better once some of the bugs are worked out.  There is a TON of clicking, and the ""card"" system to progress is rather difficult to follow.  Not to mention, land formations cost way too much reputation when you have to clear 20 layers of mountain to build.  Your followers don't have great logic yet either.  Many times I would build a ""stariway"" up a mountain using the layers and it was hit or miss if they'd make it up to the top or walk around for an hour looking for a path.  That and did I mention there is a TON of clicking?"
,Not Recommended,232810,12100599,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,IcePotato,"It's not that Godus is a bad *game*. a casual world-sculpting game where you build big villages actually is a really cool idea!it's more that Godus is a bad *realization* of that game. sculpting is finnicky and energy-based. unlocking new powers requires hunting around for random stickers or playing a terrible path-finding minigame that pits you against unpredictable and terrible AI with a strict timeline (and the aforementioned finnicky controls). the developer commentary says, ""oh, we don't want you to spend all your time sculpting"", but the game gives significant incentives for you to sculpt *everything*.It's a good idea for a game. In true Peter Molyneux fashion, that idea is lost in the increasingly terrible implementation."
,Not Recommended,232810,11918557,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Duret,"While the core gameplay is there, Godus is still very unbalanced in its bèta form. Due to the requirement of gems to speed things up (they're unlocked through gameplay very, VERY slowly) this game comes to a grinding halt after a couple of hours of gameplay.Other than endless terraforming and doing sidemissions for extra resources/unlocks, Godus hasn't got a clear goal or challenge to work to.This game has great potential, but has a long way to go.. (it's about 51% finished at the time of this review)If you like the classic Populous games, this will bring back some memories, but only half of the fun. Better wait until it has reached its final form."
76561198041795391,Not Recommended,232810,11696746,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Rejected Spawn,"TL;DR version: Peter Molyneux.Gameplay:There are two basic things you need to know about this game beyond one of the biggest red flag names in the gaming industry being attached to it. The first thing is that 95% of the entire gameplay has - through several overhauls - been about shaping the landscape to reach various objectives such as making room for houses or helping your little people get from point A to point B. The second thing you need to know is that the process of shaping the terrain is one of the most inefficient, time consuming, imprecise and straight up maddening things you will encounter in your entire life unless you work in a profession where your boss has tasked you with measuring the exact volume of a unicorn. You will start by trying to grab a layer of the land and start pulling it somewhere only to find that the game has usually selected an entirely different layer than the one you clicked and you'll just haveto get lucky by randomly clicking to get the right one, then you will start pulling it only to find that it will stop immediately in any case where the rest of the terrain can in any way interfere, then you'll finally find a nice solid grab with nothing but smooth sailing only to find that ""wow, I just pulled a laughably small strip of land in a wonky manneralmostwhere it needed to go and now I haveto do this another 6 times to be able to build the tiniest house in the game on flat ground"" and then you will proceed to click and drag so many times that your finger goes numb before you actually start getting any result. As if this wasn't bad enough almost everything else so far also requires such an excessive amount of clicking that it's as if the game tries to give you repetitive stress injuries on purpose.Final word:I want to love this game. I've tried to, I've tried so hard that my wrist went stiff from pain countless times from the hundreds of thousands of pointless clicks but the charming qualities of the game can't justify this. There is no way I'll recommend a game that requires enough painkillers to cause liver failure just for someone to be able to build two settlements in a single day, if they remove ALL the staggering pointless mouse abuse I'll happily recommend it but so far they don't even seem to understand there's a problem. I haven't even mentioned all the wild statements Peter Molyneux has made that (as usual) are completely misleading and will never be part of the game, I love many aspects of many of the games he created but he always overhypes them enough to disappoint millions of people."
76561198012417660,Not Recommended,232810,11926302,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,LadyMartel,This was surprisingly terrible. Why the hell do I have to wait around for hours at a time doing nothing? This game is basically pretentious farmville filled with bugs. What a disappointment. I had more hope for the game when I first tried it but now I think they are on the completely wrong path.
,Not Recommended,232810,12066275,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,CuAnnan,"The epitome of Peter Molyneux, in that it promises big things but fails to deliver any of them.A very bad implementation of Farmville for the PC.This game fails at pretty much everything it aims to be. It is not a god game, it's a very very badly balanced time management game."
76561198014891334,Not Recommended,232810,27508913,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,jzoomba,Worst Steam purchase I've ever made.
,Not Recommended,232810,12108894,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Miraskadu,"I could forgive the graphics, I could forgive the sometimes stale gameplay machanics. I actually liked the art style.But the major issue is the obvious built time port from the mobile version. 15 minutes of real time to built one house. And no way of speeding things up. The one thing that the game suggest to go voyage (eg mini games, inside the game) to cover for the time and let your main city built up in the mean time. Is locked behind a once per 24h access wall.Sorry, this is not any where near a PC game. This is a bad mobile port with the pay to play elements left in play, but the ability to pay for it on PC version has been taken out since you already paid for the game in the first place. Which leaves you with nothing to do for hours upon hours.Unless, it will be changed dramatically at some point stay away from it. It is not worth any of your time or money at the moment."
76561198031304896,Not Recommended,232810,13125126,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,orthi,"A really bad game.... What could have become a nice Populous successor, has become just a mediocre pile of free to play dung...Do not buy it. I feel conned out of my money, The last time ever I fell for Molyneux. Fable 1-3, Black and White, all overhyped games without a real core.This is by far the worst installment of Molyneux masquerading. Feels  like a Freemium game without any real content that tries to make you enjoy it by making you wait for loooooooooong times where you can do actually nothing at all. Not really my idea of fun."
,Not Recommended,232810,14709157,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,JaNuS,"Waste of money.Peter M. now stands for disappointment.Don't bother buying, they will not be able to get a real game out of this mess."
76561198079844181,Not Recommended,232810,14734990,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Diionysus,its bad
,Not Recommended,232810,12208887,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Rafters,"Do not play this game even though this is in early access it is not worth it. So many things are wrong with it. Including the follower ai which can be happy pathfinding one day but the next, some dust has moved on the mountain and they can no longer get down. It feels more like a chore than a game I once did not log onto it for 16 hours and lost 70 followers. Including all of my farmers. It feels like a facebook game, which is exactly what it is. Its redeeming  factor was the no micro transaction side. I would hope so after paying nearly £20. But the micro transaction system (gems) was still implemented but in the form of villager sacrifice (stupid) I tried to play as Peter Molyneux narated a kind God I never once killed a follower. The happiness system was a horrible addition as your neighbout the Astari threw parties every hour. And who wouldn't want to have a bloody party every hour? The Astari would have a few parties and take my followers. Or I would be on when the Astari had their party and I would smite them which gets increasingly hard as you run out of followers... Meaning the civilisation I was running was in a endless spiral of not enough belief to increase happiness which made me have less culture, which in tern made my followers less happy. Ending in an endless circle. I think this is something that could be fixed but frankly I don't care. If you are looking for a Black and White 3 RUN. Do not waste your money on this. As much as I like Peter Molyneux I prefer sanity, happiness and one less thing in my daily routine."
,Not Recommended,232810,12182875,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,kzamiller,"Abandon all hope ye who enter here.I started playing this game on the ipad and was enjoying it until the ios8 update wiped out my game. I found it on here and thought, this should be better. How wrong I was. I keep kicking myself, not only for the money I wasted but the time as well.  The controls are clunky and twitchy causign you to waste belief scupting land. The voyages, while nice in theory, are completely closed to a singular solution. Often they fail for no other reason than poor programming. The increasing cost of the settlements, wasted energy and lame voyages have taken this from a fairly relaxing god game into an exercise in grinding.  If you enjoy grinding away for hours at a time with little to no reward, then this punishingly boring game will seem more like a walk through the wild flowers.That brings me to the developer commentary, another feature that seemed interesting a first. While it started out as an insightful look at the behind the scenes, it quickly turned into an annoying, endless montage of excuse, after excuse for why things in the game are terrible followed by the promise that they will get better. I don't see this situation rectifying itself anytime soon.In conclusion, save your money and your precious time. Learn from my poor judgement and move on to the next game on the list. Anything has to be better than this steaming pile."
76561198039306631,Not Recommended,232810,23955567,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Kerrigene,Good concept. Worst developers. After couple of years it hasn't changed much. Please do yourself good and NEVER buy this game! Could find better games then this one for cheaper.
,Not Recommended,232810,23926567,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,maXey,"Attempted to get a refund in the hope that the lastest RPS article might spark a reaction from customer services, but alas - Terms and Conditions are set in digital stone.  I was not expecting a positive result but i had to try.If @PMolyneux or @22Cans has any respect for those that do not wish to support what ever this is, then as a gesture of good will, withdraw Godus and Godus Wars from all digital stores until it is completed or put with the rest of the trash"
,Not Recommended,232810,30089212,Posted: 21 February,all,Windy Bear,"Took the money and ran, almost as blatantly as Wollay of CubeWorld. Seriously, you guys are disgusting. Hope the money keep you warm at night, because your customers certainly won't."
76561198037805509,Not Recommended,232810,14422179,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Incrypted,"Don't buy this ""game"" if you expect to get a finished project. The dev team has been cut and ol Pete is moving them over to some new scam, I mean ""game.""This is a demonstration in screwing your loyal fans over and not caring in the slightest.0/10 - Gameplay ok but devs utter lack of integrity is like a black hole for fun."
76561198073428789,Not Recommended,232810,30044921,Posted: 19 February,all,Balahir,"I last played Godus a very long time ago and I can confidently say I was disappointed by the product that was on offer a the time. I was considering revisiting Godus today, however from seeing the released information about the game, it appears that the creators and designers have stopped developing or updating the game.Simply put, this game is an unfinished product, so therefore cannot be considered as recommended.I am sorely disappointed because this game had potential when it was first piloted, however it appears that the designers have given up on it."
76561198010748161,Not Recommended,232810,30203305,Posted: 26 February,all,Vinny Vally,"I'm one of those peeps who generally hates it when someone writes an indepth review based on little more than a few hours of gameplay (typically does not represent well the entire game). However, this game is just outright ♥♥♥♥ing annoying to play.. There has been a 'big update' (on which other reviews rip into) but still, I can't see it changing the 2 hours of gameplay that I seriously fought to like, and just could not! Plus the devs have released a second game that was given to us owners for free, only to be charged in game $5 if we wanted more than a few hours of gameplay... The hell?! Lately one of the devs has finished the job and I heard very few, if any, are left to work on the 2 games... What?!?!You seem interested in this game? Just don't, go get Northgard instead."
76561197994288116,Not Recommended,232810,12264228,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Killzonemode,Clicking Simulator 2013
76561198014689814,Not Recommended,232810,24023406,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Kosteh,this game will never be finished. so just DONT BOTHER
76561198035853239,Not Recommended,232810,24009263,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Bechi,"Very annoying and boring game. Next time, please just create Black & White 3 or something like that! This game is just a loss of time. The grafics are OK but the game seems to fit better as another mobile game where you have to wait many minutes until something is build etc.Don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,232810,11951371,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,[Toilet Raid]Hermann Edel,"DO NOT BUY THISI do though recommend you to download the game ""clash of clans"" on the Ipad though, play it for a week.And then, download Godus on the AppStore (its free there), and then compare the two. ALSO NOTE: The AppStore Version does not even mention that the game is in Development.This game is the most ingenious Browser/IPad-Game i have ever had to play.No, sadly Godus is nothing else but those dreadful facebook games like Farmville  in a fairly beautiful but hollow hull.The gameplay consists of nothing more than constant expanding waiting-times for finnishing new buildings and getting ""belief"", with which you can ""sculpt"" the landscape, which can be rather described as erasing the landscape because that is all you can do, erase, not create.There is no gameplay, there are no tactics, no strategy and no creation. There is just boredom as you watch your builders first for several minutes and later in game a few days to finish building the ever same-looking buildings which in no way deepen the gameplay.There is no vast world. You can not meet your friends. There is nothing.And that is what it will be. The Steam-Version tells you that the game is finished 50-somewhat %. The I-Pad version does not even mention the development-status.This will probably not change. There is no other direction this game could take. It was planned this way from the very beginning and it will finish this way.It will never be the thing Molyneux had us imagine."
76561198007298934,Not Recommended,232810,13228076,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Ezergood,"Probably a Yes once a bit less glitchy.Slow paced God game, nurture your followers as they expand and get more tech and building access.  Has horribly annoying bottlenecks, mostly waiting for  wheat and ore (resources) to build up enough to do anything. Spill overs from tablet version with ""Pay to go faster"" like most do. I think a speed up time option for paid for PC version much needed to overcome these issues, as for now I had to do the browser game style ""login, click a few things to harvest/set new build queue, log out"" thing lots.And of course as Early Access it has tech probs, but they'll get fixed I'm sure.UPDATE 13/12/14 - recent patch improved some stuff. Belief no longer such a wait to get. Tech glitches reduced allowing me to continue to wait to grow wheat to build things. Wheat bottleneck increasingly mental - 144 needed to build big plot, i grow about that much total if I log on every several hours. Painful. And not even trading cards to get gems :(TLDR - much promise, mostly positive but too many annoying bits to justify full price now. Under a fiver on sale I don't feel robbed though."
76561198052438800,Not Recommended,232810,13242099,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Shivan,"This could've been a very cool game. I hope they still manage to make something out of it. I regret buying into the early access version. If you're thinking about buying it wait until it's finished, maybe then it'll be worth it, if they ever get there. For now though, I don't recommend this game."
76561198045697016,Not Recommended,232810,24246377,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,FortressFinal,They abandoned us.
,Not Recommended,232810,24265910,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,XN | Pissed Off Honey Badger,They kicked off the main developer and now there is no more updates and this game is dead.
,Not Recommended,232810,24266066,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,<eVa>Pope Lemonski The First,Cant believe I paid money for this ... Even more disappointing then Planetary Annihilation
,Not Recommended,232810,30532408,Posted: 15 March,all,Kris Rogos,"4 years laterm and the game still won't even close without crashingI could go on for pages about every feature that was promissed but not deliver, or about the fact that the last official update to this game happened a year ago, and by update I mean a second game... But what is most surprising is that after 4 years in development still you get an error message saying that the process as stopped when you click the ingame quit button. If you can't fix that how one earth will you be able to do anything?"
,Not Recommended,232810,21112857,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Walnut,"More of my money wasted.To the few people who left non-sarcastic positive reviews: You do realize that this game hasn't been updated in years, right? 22cans has basically taken our money and said, ""Oh, you actually wanted a game?"""
,Not Recommended,232810,21067208,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,comdude2,Don't buy this game.
76561197971319572,Not Recommended,232810,29971737,Posted: 16 February,all,zamp,Can I get a refund? Please message me if I can get a refund.  I really want a refund.0/10 - worse than♥♥♥♥♥♥cancer.
,Not Recommended,232810,29957666,Posted: 16 February,all,>>Samurai <<,DEAD GAME DONT SUPPORT THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,232810,29994984,Posted: 17 February,all,RZR0,"An initially promising game that was completely abandoned by the developers. Don't buy this, it is simply a scam."
76561198119431715,Not Recommended,232810,11340909,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Emoji Movie Jailbreak Porn,I hope they make the game they described
76561198015371216,Not Recommended,232810,14075962,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,willb,"This game is clearly based on free to play mechanics, that frankly, do not make sense in a PC game.  I'm not sure why the 'multiple interlocking currencies' mechanic is supposed to be interesting, but this game appears to come down to clicking various multi-colored icons while waiting for other icons to appear.  Do not play."
76561198067754888,Not Recommended,232810,14274740,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,jhns2009,"Don't waste your money.The idea had so much promise. It could have been great - but it's not, it's terrible and now that 22cans (a very small studio) have started a new project what little hope i had that Peter Molyneux would deliver the game i paid for is gone.A ""delightful, Zen-like re-genesis of the god game...."" it is NOT"
76561198106110798,Not Recommended,232810,14410196,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,yeah buoyyy,waiting for the update that makes this not a mobile game
76561198069925436,Not Recommended,232810,14585028,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,228collin,i feel asleep wile playing this halfass game........the devs put very little effort in this game and gets boaring after a wile.
,Not Recommended,232810,14251566,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,wmcon2006,"I hate seeing mobile versions of a game come out... That's always the death knell of any game. I'd be shocked if they did anything more with this game. You can always tell when devs abandon their work. They've made their money, now they're elsewhere. I've gotta stop caving in to these early release games."
,Not Recommended,232810,14154518,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Houtski,"Currently in beta, Godus boasts a very stylized and fun looking environment that has a surprisingly large amount of player interaction. The positive aspects stop there unfortunately. This game seems to have the ambition being the next Black and White, perfect for people who have a god complex and enoy city builders, but it is anything but. Already a year into beta, few things have changed in terms of gameplay. It is overly simplistic, repetitive, and linear, hardly the attributes one would want in a game of this genre. Godus is a games of could-bes, it has all of the potential of being something great, however it has a long way to go."
,Not Recommended,232810,35081416,Posted: 20 September,all,Keyobard,I turely believe this game is dead. I want to see it improve but I dount I ever will. I bough this game for one reason..... A promise from a dev... It didn't happen. IF this game EVER makes it out of Early Access I'll try it again.... until then DON'T BUY IT!.
,Not Recommended,232810,35052121,Posted: 18 September,all,SukkerFri,"It has been YEARS since the last Godus update.We haven't heard from 22Cans since 18. March 2016.They provide no tech support. Their support desk is offline.According to their creative lead and company owner, Godus is FINISHED.The game is still being falsely advertised and sold on Steam Early Access."
76561198041662290,Not Recommended,232810,35055372,Posted: 18 September,all,The Truth,"So they jut the developer and no one is working on the game anymore. These people (22cans) took kickstarter money, early access cash and sold us hype, Ive owned this game for some time now and aparently they are just another company that does not fufill their word on giving us actual finnished games.22Cans are a prime example of companies abusing its client base wile taking the money and running."
,Not Recommended,232810,14418753,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,slyremorse,"Another cash grab, a port over from a mobile version.  Same old crap about we need money to develop and expand the game yada yada, to then just abandon it and run.  Garbage.   It's my own fault for buying into this trap but a lesson learned spending $19.99 for it.  Well played 22cans.  From now on I plan on just watching instead of buying in."
76561198079482631,Not Recommended,232810,18921634,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,CounterGoatGoatalOffensive,"The game is really slow, not like lag I mean progress. It is much longer than a game of Civ 5.  If it was complex then that would justify it, but it is very simple. It is simple and slow, like a worm. So if you like worms, you should get this game,"
76561198041284313,Not Recommended,232810,19119714,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Colonel Sanders,"Almost 3 years, and having gotten absolutely no where, Still in early access, Unresponsive Dev's, Just stay away from this one guys..."
,Not Recommended,232810,19043078,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Tylerray19701(Dead),"I used to this that this game had potential, thats why I bought in back in 2013, two years later the game's future looks more grim than what it started off at.Edit: I actually tried to play today and it won't even launch so yeah, gg."
76561198069022657,Not Recommended,232810,20093307,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Sgt. Lincoln Osiris,This gave me cancer
76561198085066986,Not Recommended,232810,20199536,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,糰子List,unfinished game and the game will not be finished
76561198146468970,Not Recommended,232810,20171404,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Exeggutor,"A very good example of a (potentially) very good game done by a very bad developer, yep.last year i was too hesitate to buy this because of the reviews, but i can see that this game can be great if we give the dev team some more time. so i play the free mobile version. but i was wrong, i just played the desktop version a couple days ago, and it is almost EXACTLY THE SAME as i played last year.I played both the desktop and  mobile version using 1 low-end and 1 high-end phone, and there's no differrences, the game still slow af, not too responsive, and many more. Its graphic is like the devs are too lazy to revamp the mobile version graphic and using it as the desktop, my eyes hurt.sorry but i think this game worth only a tenth of the original price."
,Not Recommended,232810,20191853,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Kyrie72,"There was a time when I would have recommended this game to the moon and back- but not anymore.22cans has all but abandoned it in favour of their mobile game. This isn't the first time they've done this, so I suppose it was to be expected.I did enjoy my time with this game, and I enjoyed watching as it grew but progress was halted too soon and they've left something hardly worth playing in their wake.If you do want to check it out, I can't stop you. You'll get maybe 15 hours out of it, if you're patient, before you find nothing new happens and you have too much currency and nothing to spend it on. Not to mention you'll be giving money to a developer who has not even had the decency to address the fans on this game since they left it.It's a shame, really...."
76561198003488700,Not Recommended,232810,20212670,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Woelfy,Im very dissapointed about the game. The set up was really promising.  But it was just to huge to develop.Maybe they can try again on a smaller scale and expand it further on the road when it is stable en working.
76561198002878487,Not Recommended,232810,20225229,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Catharticclam,"1. Tried to start new world over, all previous sticker decisions on the same world carried through, builders wouldn't build without crops which I couldnt possibly get from starting position.2. Discovery mode super super clunky and dull. Once you complete the 7-8? islands it was not transpartent how one might go back and get three stars.3. Belief harvesting even with settlements is aggravating and adds nothing to the gameplay experience. I ended up way way way overbuilding farming settlements which meant, joy, I had to spend way too much time harvesting crops manually...Things I liked:I loved the visuals of the game but it seems that the attention to executional detail is abscent from 22Cans."
,Not Recommended,232810,20109615,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ripatapir,Took me few hours to be bored about the game
76561198006599542,Not Recommended,232810,20196690,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Nebekenezzer,"DO NOT BUY!!!Bought this game over 2 years ago when it was full of hope and potential..... unfortunately, updates have been scarce, and are only shrinking in number.It was a fun little game (No micro transactions at that point), and I certainly had fun with it for a few hours, however at a certain point you simply run out of content and there is nothing to do.This game could have been awesome, but it's just a sad waste of time and money."
76561198008211058,Not Recommended,232810,24833546,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Bear Thunder,"The gameplay itself is amuseing, yet slow-paced. But the game tends to crash often, nor is it possible to tab out of it for a moment without it messing up. The game is in beta, but will likely never finish."
76561198009122903,Not Recommended,232810,24835599,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Ciquer,"Started off as a fun concept, and now has been completely ruined by greedy, incapable developers."
,Not Recommended,232810,25771580,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Damsel_Sympathizer,"I bought this game years ago. I saw the art of the terrain and was sold. It looked so cool and promising! But it was so unfinished, I waited and waited and it just got worse and worse. Most mechanics they promised aren't there, and the mechanics they do have are broken. The game has now been totally abandoned. The main ""gameplay"" is destroying/flattening the terrain to build houses on, and digging up ""treasure."" Fighting is a joke,  upgrading is a joke, the characters glitch out and don't do what you say half the time. Overall this is just 22cans laughing in the face of the people who trusted and backed them early on. THIS GAME IS WHY EVERYONE HATES EARLY ACCESS"
,Not Recommended,232810,33061388,Posted: 30 June,all,Vivadin (PUG PUG),"Lets not fool ourselves, this is a 49p mobile game attempting to sell for £10.99 on the PC.   Total rip off."
,Not Recommended,232810,33825801,Posted: 26 July,all,bobeyuno,game is dead and unfinished
,Not Recommended,232810,25995020,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,succ,Peter molyneux ♥♥♥♥s up again
76561198036331766,Not Recommended,232810,26040319,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,blindfaith88,"I was very exicted to buy this version and start the beta process of this game.  The concept and inital game play was really interesting and fun.  I couldn't wait for more updates.Everything has gone downhill since the 1.3 build.  I miss the old Godus.As the current version stands, it's a port from a mobile game.  22Cans is no longer working on the game, even though it is still in beta.  22Cans doesn't even have a help desk for it's beta game.  They have no intention to complete the game or to even mak it playable for pc.So sorry the game and the studio has a whole has gone this way.  DO NOT SUPPORT 22CANS or any of their future products.  They can not be trusted to follow through or give anyone the product they paid for."
,Not Recommended,232810,28899696,Posted: 1 January,all,QForlong,It's a nice idea but ends up just being an rsi inducing snoozefest.
76561198059165197,Not Recommended,232810,29088942,Posted: 7 January,all,jan,Thank You Mr. Molyneux. Now give to me my money back and go to HELL.
,Not Recommended,232810,26076775,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Rufus Poppycock,I can block users. I should be able to block devs.
,Not Recommended,232810,28825788,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Daulken,Why can't I launch a meteor to land at this developers studio?
76561198010245752,Not Recommended,232810,35427506,Posted: 2 October,all,Lurchlarve,22cans is not developing this game anymore over a year... but took our money and still is! This game should not be listed on steam anymore and be marked as fraud/ abandoned develpoment. It is a fraud of 22cans to further take money for this! Be warned: Don't buy this unless you like to burn money! Check out the comuunity section/ discussions and read why people are so upset about 22cans and their behaviour!
76561198018068464,Not Recommended,232810,9097223,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,dragonrubi,"Is in “early access”, but if you buy you will feel cheated and like getting an “abandoned” product, zero patches or updates in months since I got it."
76561197989674210,Not Recommended,232810,9104784,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Epic_Bubble,"For the love of god, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.If you are under any impression that this is a cute verson of Black and White or even Populas, you are going to be very dissapointed.This game hasnt been updated in over 3 months or more. No prescenes of the developers on the forum (your more likely to get better feedback sticking a fork in your eye). The Early Acess money raised has gone to pay off the Cube Winner.Peter has announced there will be a Store and that the mobile version will be free 2 play.  Even though backers and early access people are completely against this and of course they dont mention this on the store page.The game itself is a bland 1 hour demo at best at the moment. From the moment you look at the interface and interact with the game, you can see every effort is screaming WE ARE DESIGNING THIS GAME FOR MOBILE. The ways to meaninfully interact with your 2 bit villages  is flicks of your finger and a horrible looking spell or 2. There is no stimulating way to go around designing villages. As villages start building homes on any space you make big and clean enough. In the end your left with this ugly congo line of unused shacks.Seriously Im glad only pays $10 when this was on special. (Irony of early acess games being on special aside)If you really want to throw money at a early access there is a bunch of other games that way more well developed , starbound springs to mind or just buy a few hats for dota 2.I would recommend cancer before recommending this game.DONT BUY THIS RANCID PILE OF LIES.This Public service announcement was brough to you by Epic_Bubble.(If there was a return system on steam this would be the first dribble to be returned)"
,Not Recommended,232810,9081475,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Sir Beef McNugget,Not worth your money in its current state.
76561198057303416,Not Recommended,232810,9048155,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,ManWithTheHat,"Revisit of the review after the update 2.1 tot 2.5 (I'll be doing this every once in a while, for reviews of earlier builds, scroll down.)The Devs of 22cans opened a special testbranch so we can play with later build before they work properly. The amount and severity of changes are less significant this time around. Most of the changes where fixes of bugs and pacing changes.It is beginning to look like a game where you not only have to increase population, but now need to grow crops to feed your people and mine ore to build better houses. New temples have been added, the world looks slightly better and the diamonds that where in the pre-2.0 build seem to have come back, at least in the graphics, no way to mine them yet. The added statues are very cool and especially the one that improves labor skill peaks my interest, because it implies an underlying depth to your people we have not yet seen. I'm actualy becoming quite hopefull for this game.Which brings me to the two main reasons I cannot yet give a positive review yet:1) It's far from done, the loading screen says 49,50 % which I feel is an overestimation.2) I still have no real idea of what this game is becoming.The second reason is most damning because it gives fuel to specualtion and fear. Which is not altogether unjustifed because nobody knows, dispite promises of showing the blueprints.Is it going to be a building sim a la Simcity or tropico? Will it be an openended sandbox like minecraft? Will it be a godgame like B&W with the focus on belief, educating a creature and morality, or B&W 2 with more of a focus on war vs peace? Will it be skillbased and competitive like an online RTS/MOBA or FPS's or will it be more grindlike, social and casual like an MMORPG or even a browsergame?Nobody knows, so what is there to recommend yet?(Revisit of the review after the update 2.0 and 2.01):Things have been improved quite well. The strain on your clicking hand is lessened and the leash mechanic is lovely. I like the added voyage missions, they feel like modern lemmings levels which, at least to me, feels cool. Villages have been improved and farming becomes an earlier mechanic which also is cool.At this point the main goal is still to make the world flat and bland to make room for houses. However this is some hope at the horizon: Trees can be planted, you can set trees on fire and make godly rain. Also, we are still in the absolute beginning of human civilisation, with the addition of new ages this could become quite a different game.So..Mildly postive after this update. There are now quite a lot of bugs, glitches and unfinished mechanics, so I still would not recommend it just yet, but it's improving..finaly...(Before 2.0 update)Don't buy it at this point. I bought it, because it wanted it to be good, hell, I still want it to be good. This should have been the epitome of god games.But instead it's quite boring and bland. The main goal of the game is to flat the land, remove all the trees, rocks mountains, valeys and water to make as much houses as possible. As if you are the most boring, naturehating and powerhungery bulldozer in the world.When I got this game I had hope they would improve it soon, but progress is slow and communication is lacking. So no, don't buy it, at this point is not worth the money."
76561197998782039,Not Recommended,232810,9210418,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Knight Of Virtue,"Game has not updated for 4 months now. Virtually no communication from the developers. Game is still very barebones with little content. Further, a comment by the lead Dev suggest the business model may change and add microtransactions, DLC spam, or possible both (no info was given on what the changes may be).The game has potential to be very fun but right now you're much better off saving your money and checking back later to see if this game ends up progressing in a positive direction (assuming it progresses at all).review from 2/21/2014"
,Not Recommended,232810,9228222,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,JJCobra,"While I understand that the game is no where near its completed state, I just can't fathom how this might actually become fun.At this point my game experience only consists of me flattening all the land on my own.  My people don't bother to cut tree or break up rocks on their own, forcing me to excercise my boring and nigh-useless power, on their well being.  Another issue is the whole sculting process.  They claim that land-scuplting is 90% complete, but I found the experience to be buggy, and some clicks started to scult land nearly a full inch away from my cursor.While I should just say that we should give it time.  I sadly wont.  As other reviews have said this game is designed for microtransactions, and is destined to be a pay to win (or advance) style of game.  Let it be known that I don't have problems with free to play micro-transaction based games... And sadly, this is not free to play."
76561198067322098,Not Recommended,232810,9229029,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,MrChaggy,Never play this. Only way these people could ever get me to put anymore time into this game was if it was free. I luckily saved money and only payed 10$ since it was on sale thank god i did that. I feel horrible for anyone who paid 20$. Pvp? A joke. A world that you can sculpt? Garbage. You pretty much play for like 3 plus hours hoping that it gets better as you progress and it never does. Honestly I could never see how this game could get better. There is nothing you could add to this game without totally revamping it that would intrest me. 2/10
,Not Recommended,232810,9238381,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Simpleton216,No updates for months and the devs are silent.
76561198053367210,Not Recommended,232810,9242509,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Dolly,"Dull, Boring... Don't waste the time and money."
,Not Recommended,232810,9088681,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,aLLeKs,"When Godus was announced, it seemed like a great game.I bought it on release and played it quite a while, I understand what early access means and was defending this game against all the people that ♥♥♥♥♥tormed in the forums.I told them ""give it time it is early access"".Well, the game sucks!I did not play it for a long time, since the devs only show their great ideas (I give them that) in their videos, but we did not have any update since October 2013.This means: the game did not change the whole time, it still barely playable. Clicking here clicking there, no content. Nothing.I expect an early acces game to be updated regulary, just to introduce new stuff and get the game out of beta. Early access means: you can see a game being created from beta to final version.Here it is not the case, since no work has been done... at least not visible for us, here on steam."
,Not Recommended,232810,15524316,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Iznogood,"It's been so long since I first bought this game. At this point everything has been said. Just tried it again after a year or something and had some fun and after 2-3 hours it crashed. The ui is all over the place. I get generic system popups that for some reason hide the mouse cursor and I have to use the arrows and enter to make a choice. I got a card that I tought said it auto collected faith but I guess I misread because I still had to mindlesly click the pink bubbles.At this point I don't think this game will ever really be finished. Peter Molyneux is known for over selling things, underdelivering and just dropping projects to move on making pathetic excuses and promissing us the moon next time."
,Not Recommended,232810,9241117,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Big Bird,"For the money, just go buy something better. Godus is not worth the money at all, and should be free. I wouldn't even pay $0.50 for this game. If you want a city building game, go get Banished. I really wish I could have my $20 back so I could use it to buy Banished. Godus is a rip-off!"
76561198009404275,Not Recommended,232810,8934988,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Aroddo,"Godus is in early beta, meaning that this early access game is by far not finished.Keep that in mind when reading and - more importantly - buying.In Godus you control the fate of a small human tribe indirectly by sculpting the landscape and casting spells (i.e. ""wonders""), thus creating a better environment for your tribe to settle.There are two modes: Free play, which takes place on a large map and also serves as a meta game of sorts, and Duel, where you can fight against other players on a small map and under altered accelerated game mechanics.The Free Play is supposed to take place on a planet sized map which will contain all players of Godus in the world. However right now there is only one single player map on which you can grow your tribe. And in practice that means creating flat space.The ability to mold the landscape into any form you want by clicking with the left or right mouse button to either raise or lower terrain is strangely addicting at first, but gets boring and tedious very quickly. To raise the land you can see in one screen you need to click hundreds of times just to create a sand beach at sea level. Raising it a few layers more to grass level (each level has a different color scheme, but are completely identical) will literally take thousands of clicks.Moreover, sculpting the landscape into pleasing shapes like valleys, rivers, hills, etc. is completely pointless, because nothing in the worlds serves any function apart from flat space and some kind of minerals to mine.To mold the landscape to your will, you need resources, though, and that resource is ""belief"". Belief is created by followers and slowly appears over houses, ready to be harvested. And to harvest belief you need to click on the pink bubble above each house. Each. House. Until you get the settlement ""technology"" you are doomed to click ever hut everywhere so you have enough energy to click the landscape into shape.  After unlocking the settlement, you still don't get belief automatically, though. Belief simply gathers in the town center, which gathers belief from houses around it in a small radius.Belief can also be used to cast spells, which are currently nearly pointless in Free play, due to lack of multiplayer.However, there is the duel mode, in which you can battle against AI opponents. They even implemented a chat lobby where the AI talks amongs itself, meaning someone wasted time to script a rather creepy chat to tell players that eventually there will be a working chat lobby in a working multiplayer mode.Right now you fight against the AI by creating flat space and throwing meteors on the opposing settlement or something.This is the part where you glimpse the resemblance to the classic game ""Populous"", Godus' spiritual precursor.In practice however you click to create flat space until your fingers bleed, click some more to farm belief, and then either win or lose depending on which side has more followers left after the time runs out.Since barely anything hast been finished yet, it's hard to guess how the end result is supposed to play like, but from what is visible the best guest is, that you play in the Free mode to unlock your tribe technology  and then duel with other players. A win would grant you some kind of reward like resources you need to unlock more technology.The resources you can find in chests (currently labeled fur, flint, leather etc) have no purpose in the game whatsoever, btw., apart from unlocking technology. For example, that means to unlock two-story houses you need to gather 5 stone, 4 leather and 3 clay (arbitrary numbers. just to illustrate the example), after which that technology is unlocked ... provided you found it first.And how do you find technologies? Same way as you find resources: Right now you do that by digging out hidden chests with a couple of thousand clicks, because nearly all chests are hidden underground and have to be unearthed first. Not much fun when hidden under a dozen layers of earth.In conclusion: This game is an unfinished mess!There is zero strategy and thinking involved in growing the size of your tribe (click to create free space) or improving your tech base (click to dig out chests).Moreover, the developers don't seem to have any idea on where to go with this game beyond clicking the landscape into shape. Oh they promised regrowing trees, which is nice but utterly pointless since trees don't serve any function in the game, either. They don't have a roadmap to where they are going and they respond to questions with silence and criticism with silencing.Mind you, this game is early access, which means that suckers like us have already payed them for the privilege to test their beta for them. 22cans even put the game on sale after raking in cash from the kickstarter and getting even more from the Steam Early Access program.So if you are interested in this game then safely watch from the sidelines until the game is in a playable state AND actually enjoyable. Believe us, they are more than adequately funded by now. And maybe the game will eventually amount to something.But right now: Don't buy!"
76561198047521938,Not Recommended,232810,11422462,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,ona_vz,"I feel like I wasted my time with this game, I understand it's in developement but this game feels like its going nowhere. Even after a few hours of playing I felt like I accomplished nothing more than pushing dirt aside and watching huts being built for me to continue repeating this over and over again.This game should have not been accessible to the public for purchase until it had a solid concept and it actually worked."
76561198041260916,Not Recommended,232810,9060177,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Tanman_80,"Game will never get updated. Devs don't communicate at all. Promised a god game, got a cheap cellphone app."
76561198048633600,Not Recommended,232810,10404899,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Angry,"Simple: If you're looking for a god game, look elsewhere.You have been warned."
76561197972852146,Not Recommended,232810,8674585,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Jozen,"Ridiculous amounts of clicking/click n' drag. If you had any kind of RSI problems before this game, it will only make it even worse. Spend hours flattening and shaping land to build ever expanding areas to then be♥♥♥♥♥♥blocked by a gem requirement that is very limited in your world. To top it off after you spend a bunch of time making a large flat area to build the biggest houses possible, the game switches to wanting you to make farmer fields instead of houses. This game looks like it could maybe be something worthwhile in the future. However, as it currently is, I can't recommend picking up this game unless you literally have nothing better to do than drag terrain around."
,Not Recommended,232810,8676142,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Necktie,This game has taken my will to live
,Not Recommended,232810,8667297,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Rickne,"If I were reviewing this in the same format as Kotaku , then I'd say NOT YET.  You see Godus has alot of things I usually find appealing.  I am God ..and I have the freedom to create a civilisation as I see fit.  Except here..I don't , not as such.In Godus , control over the populus goes about as far as how much space I provide on the land to allow the houses to grow in up to 3 levels.  Other than that Godus is a grid management sim with some freedom in the form of land sculpting. This is somewhat ammsuing if it were not for what is in essence Godus's biggest downfall.  Clicking.  Lots of god damn clicking.  But you've heard all about that by now. Don't be fooled , there is an idea here in Godus but the execution is terrible.  I played for 3 hours straight and ended up with incredible cramp.  `ahhh but you did play for 3 hours straight ` hear you say.  Sadly yes , it's addictive . Painful but addictive , and the other problem with this game is its all seemingly just to complete a card collection. I've done this before , now where was it...Oh thats right , any cow clicker on Facebook!So the devs say this current Beta buil represents 40% ish of this final content.  Lets hope the remaining 60% ish , is somewhat more enlightening.  Or just scrap this on PC and sell it on Android and Itunes."
,Not Recommended,232810,8688281,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Dodger,"The control system is horrible and vague, a waste of 10$. This game just is boring, and the developers need to revamp this game significantly (and not just add content) for it to be good."
,Not Recommended,232810,8378093,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Gruby,Dude that's god damn 19 euro point and click browser game.
,Not Recommended,232810,13735184,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Kevin Rawley,"I came into this game expecting to feel the freedom to rule over my people peacefully as some sort of deity. While I could do this, I couldn't help but feel that even as an omnipotent god, I was caged. While the card and sticker system would work great for, say, an mmo or pvp version of Godus, it is actually very limiting. Yes, yes I know, ""It's a game that's suppose to be challenging!"" I absolutely agree. Why not try challenges an all-knowing, omnipotent Deity would find challenging. Perhaps sacrificing people to the pit of doom can actually raise demons and vengeful spirits who attack your settlements. Maybe the settlement you have your people on is home to a giant treasure chest, the only way of reaching it is by killing off your settlers.Another thing that bothers me is the idea of moral choices. When I was think of playing as a god, I think of far more ethically questionable circumstances than Godus currently provided to me with. I had hoped that Godus would, instead of challenging a god with RTS tactics; rather more subtly challenge them with choices that can promote or hinder their rule over their soceity.Also, because of my limited time playing I can't say this is not already part of Godus, but, how about a system that not only ""tracks leashing habits,"" but also includes things such as, ""a rise of atheism,"" or ""Because of your cruelty, your settlers now praise a new deity to spite you!""That's all from me. I understand the game is definitely a grind at first, however I had no motivation to keep playing when I realized that even as a god, the game limited my omnipotency."
76561198152814167,Not Recommended,232810,25483440,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,pendragon195,"Been abandoned by it's developers long ago, do not buy, just a waste of your good hard earned money."
,Not Recommended,232810,28307785,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Not Joppsta,"Game has been abandoned by 22cans and no communication on forums, avoid at all costs. Shame on Steam for allowing this to still have a store page!"
,Not Recommended,232810,8660881,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,The Bearded Sky Captain,"No updates in a while, doesn't even feel worth a discount. Just like every other Peter Molyneux game, over promises a new amazing revolutionary game and completely disappoints. Save the money, don't waste it on early access in efforts to help the devs. Wait and see if it actually finished, which I doubt it'll grow much more.It's been months without any update, and now they are saying the next update will be another month or so. Trash game. They are more focused on finishing the mobile version to sell more copies and rob from people instead of finishing the steam version. Don't buy this game, and don't support these developers. I've seen other kick starter games that produce must more advance games make significantly more progress than this simple ""god"" game."
76561198052440454,Not Recommended,232810,11425226,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Squall-55,"I fell for Peter again, bought it arround Christmas.Since then, there were some major patches, but I actually would say, that the game got worse.To point out some of the many errors this game has:You have to click every single house to harvest believe, your primary currency. You can also click and drag all over them, which is a little faster, and you can ""enjoy"" the sound it makes, because you can play ""auld lang Syne"" and some other tunes... which you will be doing every 5 minutes... for about 2 minutes...When Building Settlements for Mining/Farming you'll need (at this stage) a flat surface, so you have to drag loads of ground until you get enough room, this costs, depending on the layer you want to build on, a lot of believe. with a lot I mean something about 100-150k on mountains. Smaller houses generate about 50-100 believe every few minutes, the bigger houses tend to let you wait for much longer, and get about 200... so for this there is  actually no point in building the bigger ones. Also, your Settlement will cost about 50k for itself. plus about 80k for 4 Shrines.  So yeah, altogether, next to the (right now) tidious task of sculpting, you need about 300k believe, which is the equivalent of 6 or more hours of waiting. Well, it would be, if you wouldn't need to harvest believe regularly, because at some point the house is full, and won't generate any more believe.If you actually sculpted your way to a little Settlement... your followers will have to go there. They can climb up or down only one layer, and they're pathfinding abbillities are... to be honest, even worse than mine... Also.. Every other game since... I don't know, 1992, uses Shift to add more Units to the group you are controlling and a right click to send them somewhere... Here you have to hold your mouse while hovering over a unit for about 2 seconds, go to the next, hover, go to the next and hover.... and so on, then place the mouse where you want them to go, and release the button. As you might want to have about 10 builders go and build a house... it stresses my finger very unnecessary. Also, it happens very often, that the game registers a release of the button, although I'm sure i held it.Farming Settlements tend to do this: every farmer you send to a field, generates about 10 Wheat. Which means: if you have 60 Farmers, your Wheat rise and fall arround 600 (+/-30 maybe). It doesn't seem to work, like waiting for your ressources... you actually have to build more Settlements to get to 700... not to get there faster, to get there alltogether. And yes, this means again, spending 6 hours and more on gathering believe etc.You will  get new Abillities when you reach a certain number of followers, wheat or ore. You get Followers by bulding massive ammounts of houses, wheat and ore by farming and mining Settlements, and yes, mining works from what I can say the same as farming. Also, the moment you get Mining, you can't build houses, because they'll cost ore...so you have to wait for believe and build a settlement where you already built some houses... These new Abillities come in the form of Cards, representing for example +1 follower per house, 30% more radius on farming settlements, sculpt 3 layers at once (you won't believe how tidious it gets scultping only one) and so on... but you have to unluck these cards, by paying stickers which you find hidden on the map (by far not enough) and on the voyage of discovery, some kind of mini game. So you have to WAIT for hours to get the card, which isn't that much for the most part (11 instead of 10 followers in the big house?), then you have to search for those stickers. And you know what? if it is actually a bigger house (not a +1 version, a new aboude altogether) you will have to tear down the buildings in your settlements, to get the new big one. and often, if you kill a building outside a settlement, there will be a blue builder, who will build a new, smaller house the spot where you wanted to build bigger Which costs even more time and effort to stop.The Voyage of discovery is a mini game, where you can win stickers. You can send 10-30 followers (if they die, you will have to replace them... with believe... about 10k for 10 followers) per level. Your followers will have to walk from the boat on which they arrive to a temple, in some levels there will be walls you can't pass, giants who kill your followers, or swamp that either kills or slows them. And yes, swamp looks the same, as far as I can tell, but I am never sure what will happen if they step on it. You will have to sculpt a way for your followers to the temple, avoiding those traps, while on a strict time limit (I mean really, really strict), sometimes (but really not every time) you can use 1 Spell (very limited believe) and or a shrine.In an earlier version of the game, I played through the Journey, and after that you could always repeat them, to get infinite Stickers, right now, I can select the Temple where the Journey starts, but it won't get me there...So I had to edit the savegame just to be able to get bigger houses etc.In an earlier Version, it was possible to start the game, collect believe, close, set your System watch to another time, start again, collect again etc. This was ""fixed"", which means... not only clicking like hell, but also waiting for hours.The game actually continues while closed, but I can't decide if thats actually good or bad.I am not really sure if farming etc works like I described. But from my point of view, even if you have enough Farmers and Fields, it takes a lot of time, until your wheat is collected. I actually let the game run and went into town for 5 hours, just to come back to a plus of about... 70?. Inaccaptable! But if you close the game and start it at a later time... your wheat won't have changed. So you have to let it running. Believe on the other hand will be generated while the game is closed, Which is nice. Also, on the map there are several temples/Shrines, which your follower have to restore. For that, you simply send builders. Oh wait, did I say simple... again, they have to find their way.... Also, they get tired, and go back home, so the buildtime will increase. If it says 2 hours, calculate at least 4, if the builders homes are a little further away, or even behind some kind of mountain. Also... I actually found a temple with a build time of 6 0r 7 days with one  builder... at least there's the possibillity of sending more (every one has it's own maximum number of builders) that one was able to be used by 10 or so. And with all them sent, it went back to... 2 days... still too much. At least... As far as I can tell... if the game is closed, workers won't get tired, so 2 days will actually be 2 days... and not 4-5, which it would be if you let the game running...So... closing the game sometimes speeds up the game... sometimes doesn't... Also, from time to time there is a storm, which for now seems to be only optic. But in an earlier version it damaged your buildings and you had to manually set your builders to repair them (damaged buildings didn't generate believe). Such storms don't appear that often, but at least once per hour (from my feelings, never stopped it). They didn't seem to appear when the game was closed, and I really really hope, they won't reeinvent that damage, because it makes a tidious game even more tidious...So... as you can see. I really am not very impressed by the game. It might have potential, but it seems like they want to have a lot of microtransactions, so you can play at least at a decent pace... right now, it seems like playing for a longer time actually is discouraged.Oh...also... the journey of discovery actually came instead of some kind of multiplayer where you fought an AI player. Fighting meant: who gets more followers in 9 Minutes, who mines more diamonds (disappeared from the game) which was a little more fun than JoD."
,Not Recommended,232810,9463525,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,[SPG] Capt. Jored Doom,"A more fitting subtitle would be, ""The Regenesis of Occasionally Clicking While Endlessly  Waiting for Things to Happen.""Don't be fooled by the hype. Despite the stylized visuals, a total lack of gameplay mechanics make this ibe if the most tedious gaming experiences ever.My advice: don't waste your time.The 2.0 revamp adds nothing truly notable, and fixes none of the fundamental problems in this title."
,Not Recommended,232810,9466770,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Mr.JohnC,"Absolute waste of money. Even if they release a demo I'd advise against trying it out.This game is so broken.I was fooled into buying this due to it's apparant resemblence to Black and White. But no, it doesn't.The entire gameplay is to wait until pink bubbles containing ""believe"" to pop up from your followers house, then click on it.Rinse and repeat until you have enough ""belief"" points to do something.Oh, and that ""something"" means placing just a single Settlement so you save yourself like 10 clicks on the next round.Wait some more, then click a lot more, then you'll finally have enough ""belief"" to sculpt a staircase for your followers to get anywhere, or to dig up that card underneath the mountain.Once you have done that. You'll have to wait again for the pink bubbles to come up. Then some more click-fest.I mean, please, it's 2014 now and virutally all gamers are already very familiar with using a mouse.We do not need a game to teach us how to point and click.Pro-tip: Buying a settlement for 2000 belief will save you somewhere like 5 clicks on the next round. But note that the 2nd Settlement costs 4000 belief.On average, your followers' houses generate roughly 40 belief per bubble. You can work the math while you're waiting."
,Not Recommended,232810,9446115,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Treizi,This is essentially a facebook game that you pay for. If you enjoyed Farmville then go play Farmville. Rather than paying money for what amounts to the same thing.There is nothing to do in this game except click on buildings to get villagers. Build more buildings to make room for more villagers and then click on those buildings ad nauseum.
,Not Recommended,232810,9894956,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,› aNii,"Cow clicker like all facebook farming games - click bubbles to collect money, wait 5min to build a house, etc. Also not even close to a finished game, does not even have proper menu, keybinds is done by text editing game files :DGame seems worth a download if they remove stupid timers and bubble clicking to collect money. If they don't do it, i suggest you dont even try."
,Not Recommended,232810,11359792,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Yabadabadooo,'Black and White' remade with less functionality.
,Not Recommended,232810,29343226,Posted: 18 January,all,JoJo,I will never back another game on Steam because of how this one was handled. It was a prepurchase and in development game that opted later touse the funds to become an iphone game.
,Not Recommended,232810,8639308,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,robotpukeko,"December 2015 UpdateNo updates for three months, this game is as good as dead. As their Early Access spiel states, if you buy this game, ""...you are part of our development team."" That is blatantly not true, as I wouldn't have left the game to languish if I was, nor would I have stopped providing updates to my players. Even the 22cans Twitter account has been silent for over a month, save for a video of book signings in November 2015 for a Kickstarter reward promised to backers in September 2013.Don't buy it on sale, don't get it in a bundle, just... don't. Your money is better spent anywhere else.** V2 Update **Less clicking, more of a drag...While many of the mechanical issues with the click-laden gameplay have been redressed in the so-called V2.0, there is still a lot left lacking.V2 does reset your game save, which means existing players need to endure drawn out tutorials that introduce the game's basic interactions. Irrespective of my status as an existing player, these still come across as patronising and take way too long to get players into the meat of the game. If a tutorial has to rip you out of the game world to hand-hold you through something that should be intuitive, something's not quite right.This is just the start of how Godus continues to diappoint. The game is a lot easier to manage and control, but still takes far too long to offer progression to the player. You'll quickly build up your civilisation, obtaining the first few cards and finding all the stickers required to activate them, but you soon hit a wall when belief comes into the picture. As in the first version, belief is used to sculpt the land, place statues and expand your people, but it's far and few between. Even the between-session regenerated belief is easily used in a few seconds, leaving the player frustrated at not being able to sculpt their world and progress their civilisation.Whether it's the sour taste that V1 left behind or just a feeling of desperation that V2 exudes, I'm still not convinced that this can be called a ""regenesis""; ""rehash"", maybe. It feels like Peter Molyneux is really trying to relive past glories, rather than taking a real rethink of the god game, trying to understand what made older hits like Populous fun and coming up with a true 21st century version.Myself, I just hope those Kickstarter dollars don't run out before 49% complete becomes 100%.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Having watched a couple of Let's Play videos on YouTube and having played the original Populous back in the day, I was interested by the premise of the game and the new Molyneux take on the God sim. What I should have taken more notice of, however, was the number of the videos I watched that involved the person playing trying to quieten their mouse clicks.Building your initial encampment and uncovering new resource cards is a fun distractions for a while, until you start to see the issues with the core control mechanisms. The dragging of land to reform it doesn't work anywhere near as intuitively as it could, which means you resort to clicking to terraform. Lots and lots and lots and lots of clicking. Seriously, the retail version should come boxed with it's own titanium-reinforced Godus mouse, because after a few play sessions, any normal mouse will have given up the ghost. That's unless your RSI hasn't already kicked in by that point...Collecting faith from your followers is another click-happy nightmare of an exercise, made slightly better by being able to create settlements that collect it centrally, but these often don't encompass all of your buildings and you end up having to collect the outlying faith manually.Followers are also driven to build new abodes, which it's beneficial to have as large as possible. The biggest issue with this is that followers will build in any space you clear, so often they've built smaller houses before you've had a chance to finish clearing an area. Then, the only solution is to destroy their houses to make them re-build them bigger!There are other issues, such as the inability to rotate the camera in full 3D and keep the viewing angle you chose. If you rotate your view and then scroll the play area, the view resets to the default orientation, which can be quite irritating when you're trying to stay focussed on one area of activity.On the plus side, the graphics are very pleasing on the eye and the game engine runs smooth on both Windows and the Mac.There is promise here, but until the core terraforming mechanics are reworked into something more fluid and the mouse-clicking is heavily reduced, I'd avoid it for now."
,Not Recommended,232810,14850627,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,chikei,"Simply an early access scam game, don't waste your money on this."
,Not Recommended,232810,32763910,Posted: 25 June,all,Wolff000,Lots of potential but not worth buying.
76561198041972866,Not Recommended,232810,9943059,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,alex_day3,"i saw this on youtube in a vid where the devs were trying to sell it. i thought it looked great and decided to buy it. my god was i wrong. its pointless. its just one big click fest. seriosuly. thats all you do. click click click and CLICK! im not exaggerating. my hand ached from clicking so much. and to be honest, updates are way to slow and im rreally not sure what direction the game is going in. steer clear, at least until its the final build"
,Not Recommended,232810,11779436,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,orangeguru,"I have played God & Builder Games since the original Populous came out.The Game is now 51% ""finished"" and it is still a huge disappointment.You can see that the Designers use Time as a Weapon against you - which means that everything takes forever to build, forage or create. Of course you can speed up these endless Procedures by by using Gems (which in the Mobile Version of the Game can be bought - don't you love those scamming Free-to-Play-Games?).It can literally take Hours to finish a Building, harvest enough Grain or accumulate godly Powers to move along. Therefore ""Godus"" should be renamed to ""Waitus"".It is boring as F############!!!The Exploration Mini Games fell utterly disconnected from the Main Game - there only implemented to either teach you Game Mechanics or give you something to do while you ... snorrrrr ... wait!!!!While in other Builder Games you have a decent Civilization after a few Hours of Playing and actually something interesting happens, but in Godus you might just built your first bigger Settlement and have to wait for another Hour or two to harvest enough Grain for the next Round of Expansion.After so many Months this Game still hasn't discovered what it is all about. The Mechanics are stretch to utter Blandness and Boredom. It shows that they use Time to bore you out of your Skull to make you buy Gems on the Mobile Version - sadly the same Trickery spoils the PC Version as well.The Game is a giant Chore. You are not a God, you are a ""Waiter"" at the Mercy of your own Patience and the willfully boring Mechanics of the Creators."
,Not Recommended,232810,11949478,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,dreamingDust,"Godus at this stage of development is a deeply disappointing waste of code that that utterly fails to live up to the promise of its creator. Godus is a tediously slow game and by far the worst creation associated with Peter Molyneux's  name. The game is achingly slow to progress due an obnoxious pay-or-wait mechanic identical to that which infests mobile gaming; the very same mechanic that Molyneux complained about in the mobile conversion of Dungeon Keeper. More gallingly, the Godus devs insultingly try to paint this abhorrent mechanic as a positive feature that allows players more freedom rather than something that ruins the flow of the game and degrades it into nothing but a Skinner Box."
76561197993868033,Not Recommended,232810,12149031,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,GruseT,dont buy it peter molyneux is a theif and will take your money and you will get a click simulator.
76561198057734849,Not Recommended,232810,12182919,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Charles from Round Hill,"My game is crashing and no more open. Just decides to close itself, even on the main menu. Whats going on Molineux???Its not a city building game or something like this. Game for those people that enjoy FARMVILLE's kind of game. It's still very poor and crashing a lot. Regrets here!"
,Not Recommended,232810,12166908,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Puttzy,"Started out really run, the multiplayer combat was just that combat, now its just a survival time limit, they have changed the game so much its just awful, the ai seemed to have been dumbed down, everything was put on timers(long ones) and you can speed them up by paying REAL money to get ingame credit style money just so you can spread your people further and further.They released the mobile version and it says finished where as they completely ignored the PC users. Trust me, stay away from this... It's 150%♥♥♥♥♥♥ They have that little extra % because they lie all the time."
,Not Recommended,232810,8673923,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Paragon,"Bad.  Bad and terrible.  Terrible and bad.  Stop being fooled by Molyneux.Everything about the game is flawed in design.  Made to be boring, or so it seems.  It could have been good.  It had the potential to be.  Perhaps they'll actually make it fun come release, but... I highly doubt it. They'd need to return to the game's core and rework nearly everything about it.  The concept was promising, but the execution and design was terrible.Do not buy.   Not now.Possibly not ever."
76561198050752345,Not Recommended,232810,8742092,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,thomasjdoherty,"When Godus came out, I thought ""Here is the God game I have been waiting for!"" Boy was I wrong about that. I spent 15 hours playing (I should say clicking), and I really wanted to love this game, but it has no redeeming features. We were promised the world, and delivered this mess.If you want to risk carpal tunnel syndrome, or are doing a quality test on a mouse to see how many clicks it can handle before it breaks, then this game is worth the money, otherwise steer clear. It looks pretty in its screenshots and epic demo video, but the reality is it is nothing like that. It is slow, and utterly lifeless.I will sum this game up in 3 words. Click, click, click.I cannot stress this enough. Absolutely do not buy this game. Instead, take your €18.99 and take some friends for coffee! I promise it will be money better spent than on this tripe."
76561197993824320,Not Recommended,232810,9629813,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,jwt,"I'm gullible. I bought Godus. I find it about as much fun as an eating simulator where you don't taste the food or feel full. I've had enough of mashing the chew button...Please 22cans, give whatever development money you have left to charities and give up. Either that or wake me up when it's more fun, challenging, rewarding, interesting, amusing, addictive, exhilarating, and well thought out."
76561198055871975,Not Recommended,232810,8646765,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Shannon,At this point I would not recommend buying this Beta game. There are still a lot of problems and it's not nearly as fun or involving as its predecessors.
76561198030983684,Not Recommended,232810,9438799,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Tempster,"I try to be short on this one...I have never seen so many lies combined with one single game. Even for a game created by Peter Molynex. If you want a boring clickfest without any goal besides ""shaping"" the world (which is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥tbh) that costs money to buy and with P2W options, here this is all yours. Oh, I forgot that the whole product is one massive cashgrab. Kickstarter+Steam Early Acces. SEA started in September'13 stating that the game is finished. If you still consider buying this abomination, please give your money to a homeless guy. He will be more grateful than Peter Molyneux."
,Not Recommended,232810,9539407,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,=AJSA= Misrale,"Played a little into it and I had to put it down it just feels like a mobile game that has been ported to the pc. They have long, 5 minute wait times for belief points. Just so you can once again click and drag land to flatten it so you can build more huts and wait some more and do it all over again, and again, and again, and again. Expanding the land over time its monotonus, and highly repetative it honestly feels like a mobile game but without microtransactions. You earn cards based off of how many followers which then require you to, you probably guessed it, flatten land then wait for 5 minutes and flatten more land! Sounds Exciting doesn't it? Of course not, all I can say is just avoid this game, at least for now. It may get better seeing as it's just in Beta but it's not looking like it will even do that well in the future, especially if it stays the same as it is now."
,Not Recommended,232810,9760282,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,JLC(Joe)QBG,"Wow this game is pretty bad, I have a lot of things to say about this game but overall its terrible."
76561198039422557,Not Recommended,232810,9790109,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,HalfEatenSheep,A mouse killer. Never had to click so much in my life. The people in it are pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ too.
,Not Recommended,232810,8372133,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Kyuss9,"I can't recommend a game that is sold as a ""God game"" and turns up to be a pay to play game, very similar to the kind of games one find's in Facebook.Nothing against that kind of games (if you're into it), but the communication of what this game is supposed to become (it's early access, remember) and what is visible in-game is completely contradictory. Basically the devs deny it will be a pay to play game, but every major patch as led the game (pace and mechanics) more into that territory.I regret having bought it and I would definitely ask for a refund if I could."
,Not Recommended,232810,8666669,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,MacDoodle,"This game's fun- for the first few hours. It's pretty cool, shaping land, building house, fighting ""people"". But, then you need 200 people for the next upgrade card. So, you work hard, shape more land, only to find out it's just Land Expansion. You don't need anymore land, you wnat to just go to the Bronze Age. Again, you need 300 more people. That Settlement power now costs 70 gems (after only making three cities). What're you going to do? There's no more gems around, you spent them on useless pickaxes. Click on the Gem counter, and it tells you a store is in progress. I bought a full game, not a free IOS app."
76561198016619531,Not Recommended,232810,8671024,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Blaidd,"As many have stated, At this point in time the game is no more than a simple cow clicker with some terrain modification tools. Anything more complicated than a simple house will take almost hours to build unless of course you spend gems, a resource screaming pay to win (although not yet). When collecting belief it feels almost like playing a tablet game on your pc, aimlessly clicking purple bubbles on abodes (houses) unless you have a settlement placed which after placing 3 or 4 of them, cost gems instead of belief. Most of your people will just stay inside their homes making your settlements look like and feel like ghost towns. Unless future updates give me a reason not to think this is just a glorified tablet game, do not buy. Games like Black and White give a much better representation of good god sims."
,Not Recommended,232810,8676133,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Fingers,"Very boring, too much clicking. Disappointing unfortunately :("
,Not Recommended,232810,8772294,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,[TE]Draccom,"Godus Crappiest game I ever purchased.It is not ready for beta. The board (or should is say bored) interactions suck, there is no point to the game and you can't actually do anything in game that it shows in the video. The options are there but even if you waste the 30 minutes to get the components needed for your first upgrade it remains grayed out. In short poor design, no game play. Huge waste of money. (tic tac toe has more thought put into it)"
,Not Recommended,232810,9870480,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Tooway™,"Maybe the final version will be relevant like black and white 2........ Played a lot last year started up for the first time again with the new system, no skip tutorial? and then bugged so I had to delete the game and re-install to get passed the bug, not worth the cash, wait for it to be on a humble sale. I love the Idea and I realise its alpha, but on the first ""Must play"" Tutorial island its bugged as hell. If I could I would ask for my money back and re-evaluate when the game launches officially.Or pay me so I can become your game tester, because basically thats what you are doing to all the pre purchasers.PS VOLUME CONTROLS BECAUSE THE GAME IS SHOUTING AT ME. Not just an off and on switch.Thanks"
,Not Recommended,232810,7922503,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Super Putin,"Do you like clicking? becuase it has that. and.... um... clicking. Lots of clicking. Also watching people sit in a house all day. and build houses that look exactly the same. And you get to wait. and wait. and collect cards. for some reason. stupid game. Over hyped. has a lot of potential, if they make it better then maybe it could be a good game"
,Not Recommended,232810,7976729,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Kidney,"I bought Godus and played it for 5 mins, looked up a youtube tutorial, played for 10 more mins, and then never again. It is NOT Populous 2.0. Lies."
,Not Recommended,232810,8389390,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,kin3tix,"If I could vote no more than once, I would. This game is legimitately a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I'm a sucker for buying it."
,Not Recommended,232810,9882999,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,tdk5001,"After all the updates.. this game is still as boring as it was when it was flawed..1st - The card idea (as much as the game developer loves it) is dull and I am sorry but I don't want to collect any such thing..2nd - what I want to do is have people who live in huts, develop as a society, meet another society and have interactions with that society (peaceful and war) as well as interactions with me (as the ""God"" in this game).. I want to be able to affect my people, to be able to make magic stuff (like the magic stuff in the bible and stuff..) and3rd - I don't want to have any weird large creatures like the ones in Black and White.. the only issue with Black and White was the stupid creature idea, the fact that you were too weak as god and you had to rely on your people all the time, and the fact that the people (unlike the creature) were ultra un-interactive and ultra stupid..Finally, the only thing that one needs to make a good game is create some sort of artificial intelligence for ""the people"" to evolve as a society, basic physics mechanics for the world and super powers for you as god (if one can cover all the magic stuff in all religious books, science fiction, movies and other games - that should be enough!)... and from then on, one can develop the game further.At the moment, I don't feel like a God.. I feel like a dad of idiotic children who reproduce all the time and expect me to do everything.. and I have to babysit them instead of making natural disaster, affecting war and peace, and doing other ""god stuff""..."
76561198009397613,Not Recommended,232810,7923407,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Tarago,"This is a terrible game. I played it to its current limits and found basically nothing engaging. Gameplay consists entirely of clicking again and again and again and...well you get the idea. There are two things to do in Godus, click to flatten land, click to gather belief: that is it. This is not a god game this is a mindless Farmville-lite click fest. And the environment itself is weirdly empty. Followers stay in houses unless given a specifc task and there is no fauna apart from two or three poorly rendered wolves and no flora that grows or changes. For most of the time I played (I use the term loosely there is nothing playful about Godus it's just click, click, grind, grind) what I could see never changed.Don't buy (because it's a waste of money) but also because the developers have gone silent. No updates or interaction for nearly two months now. Weekly game updates flatout didn't happen. Daily tweets died after three days, weekly videos stopped after one. Silent devs and a heavy handed moderator on the forums make for a very poor Early Access experience.This will be a free to play tablet game that relies on microtransactions. It is an insult to the PC gamer community that 22 Cans thought it worthy of being on here and dared to charge so much money for it.Avoid. Avoid. Avoid."
76561198030328396,Not Recommended,232810,8039934,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,ShortBaldLoud,"Having bought this game when it was still in 1.2 it has improved a lot. However in recent months updates have slowed and unfortunately I feel that the design flaws that I would have hoped they would fix remain because this game was obviously designed for a tablet. From the excessive clicking, fairly simple graphics and micro-transaction designed progression tree, this feels like a poor port rather than true PC game. Compare this to the beautifully rendered and fluid controls of ""From Dust"" and you feel like this is nowhere near what it should be. Many of the features promised would be interesting, such as the interbreeding of different settler types, or a Populous the Begining style class system. At this stage they are just promises. This game isn't even up to the standard of Populous the Begining or Black and White. It isn't up to the standard of Reus. Really it isn't even up to the standard of a tap-tap-tap mobile app. We shall see but Molyneux is big on promise and often lacks with the delivery."
76561197977189830,Not Recommended,232810,12743265,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,goodolarchie™,"Started off noble enough intentions for a god game, but has devolved into a mobile game that makes me wonder why I have a mouse and keyboard."
76561197963193771,Not Recommended,232810,12761046,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Bergstrand,"I am not going into detail, just check the other negative reviews. This is barely a game, and it sucks. I bought it for full price and hoped for a successor to Populous, but it was possibly the biggest letdown on Steam."
,Not Recommended,232810,12666037,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,A Dull Black Ixian Artifact,Awful Facebook-style game that somehow gets clunkier and less fun with every single update.
76561198094654670,Not Recommended,232810,12717668,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,dad,I'm giving it a 3/10. Not a lot you can do. You build houses. That's it. Nothing else really effects the game.
76561198060927229,Not Recommended,232810,12168858,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Hwan,"The new update is ♥♥♥♥♥♥, especially the new faction, the astari, who steals my villager because they are unhappy because i left them for only a night, which is ridiculous. It's like having a baby which i can't leave for a ♥♥♥♥ing dayDON'T BUY IT!"
76561197975174320,Not Recommended,232810,12966780,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Angry Man lvl 73,"To my friends who will likely see this, understand the game isn't as good as it once was and has taken a shallow turn. To everyone else, I advise a more recent Civ game or something."
76561198098068186,Not Recommended,232810,13843819,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,squanch,seriously boring game. you have to wait forever to do anything. It's play for an hour wait an hour before you can do anything again. Don't bother
,Not Recommended,232810,14758937,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Deadbus,crap game and another scam from P.M - dont buy it and let this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥earn more money...
76561198010775114,Not Recommended,232810,14767954,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Grizz,"To be frank, Peter Molyneux is a spendid example of why I do not take part in a kickstarter, ever. You give a person tons of money for a game that is nowhere close to being the game that was sold to the public...before it was created. The catch is the person has no legal obligation to deliver the promises or be found in violation of contract. I make my appeal to Steam itself though, since the man will not even own up to his falsehoods. Please remove Godus from Steam. It is not worthy of a great way to buy a game. I play lots of early access games. All of them have made progress in development. Some with a fraction of the team or money that Godus has. I think the truest look aperson of Peter is much like a televangelist. They both have shiney new cars, new suits and undelivered promises. Shame on you Peter. Steam, get this stinker of of your game list.- A very dissappointed gamer"
,Not Recommended,232810,14673817,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Foul Mouth,"Vapourware. If refunding wouldn't ♥♥♥♥ my Steam account, this 'game' would have been the first to go."
76561198017743989,Not Recommended,232810,15795496,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Dr Pepper,"The PC version of the game is laughably behind the mobile version (which isnt all that stellar in and of itself), and itll probably remain to be so. Its obvious that 22BrainCells is after the mobile market's in-game sales. How Molyneaux isnt in prison for all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t he's shoveled over the years is BEYOND ME! I foolishly hoped for a passable God game, but this is just silly..."
,Not Recommended,232810,15800336,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,ohgoditburns,"It's pretty, but so much wasted potential."
,Not Recommended,232810,24655115,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,krimzixythe,This game is a scam and should be removed from Steam. 22cans are con-artists and many articles have reported on their history of fraud from Kickstarter to here.
,Not Recommended,232810,7876473,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,im05j14n,"the first few hours you spend at clicking mouse, without any helping tips/ pop up...."
,Not Recommended,232810,8646752,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Shovenist,"This should not be considered a beta. It has stability of a beta but the content of Pre-Alpha. Developement has essentially stopped and I bought it the day it was released back in sept. We had one ""big content"" update that didnt do anything. Also its too much of a click fest. Check back in about a year."
,Not Recommended,232810,8648899,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Timhimself03,"I bought this game drunk and it looked cool, all you do is click.................. ill give it another hour but its not looking good"
,Not Recommended,232810,8650476,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,TheGoldSlayer,"This game is awesome and stuff, but it's not worth 20$, not even 10$. not worth my money. So, could you please make the game better. or just GET OFF STEAM."
,Not Recommended,232810,8808547,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Staxx,"Looks nice, is fun for a few hours. But the promise of updates sucks big♥♥♥♥♥time! No updates for months now, while the game is still in development.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!"
,Not Recommended,232810,9754574,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,soranya,Do not buy this game - it is Farly incomplete and the last updated that did improve nearly nothing did take them almost 3 months.
,Not Recommended,232810,7876452,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Lorg,So far it's not that good.
76561198094803551,Not Recommended,232810,14827101,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,jm.chrisostome,"First i was excited because i'm fond of Peter Molyneux's games (Populous, Dungeon Keeper, Black and White).Thoses games are my best RTS ever.But, the problem is that Godus is not, in any manner, an interesting game. The evolution in game is very slow.I have to had restart the game (don't know why) many times.The game is buggy and mainly empty. There is nothing to do but wait.I'm very disapointed with Godus, it's unfortunatly not a good game and i won't recommend it.More than one year after i bought it, the game is still unfinished and boring.After each update from the game dev, i loose all my progression and i have to restart the game.Go away and find better god games. Save your life!"
76561197990029373,Not Recommended,232810,22094919,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Mehsiah,Proof that shopping whilst intoxicated is not always in ones best interest.
,Not Recommended,232810,10337540,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Maverickdeity,"All I can say is, No game should ever be this bad. Or could.. for that matter. I bought Godus becuase obviously, I like Black and White. Instead I have to hunt for cards and click the mouse like michael j. fox. Not impressed. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198028325739,Not Recommended,232810,12577444,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,P1,Wait for the final release
,Not Recommended,232810,8385764,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ddily,"Alright the game has some promise... Though I do find it hard for the devs not to release a update since novemember... It showed some promise but after you hit 17k followers flatting land becomes a daily task... it has a lot of bugs (even for a late alpha development), the game play will drag you in but it does not have that spark.. I expected more update with the dev team and not there video update.. I gave the neg rep for the reason of that the game devs are a bit rockey since they promoted out the wazoo as well as are self bloughting... They have not released any game updates at all since novmember only update is there video.. I wish I could interact with the followers but in all atm you will be flatting land or get to the 17k peak of flatting mountians (which are a pain atm due to lagg as well hard to control). The game has a lot of promise I do believe the Devs will be the downfall of this game if they do not release an update with in the couple of months of begining of 2014... Hell KSP does monthly updates. save your money wait till this game is updated....UPDATE:EARLY ACCESS REVIEW Posted: May 13░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░▀▀░▄ Godus ▄░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░"
,Not Recommended,232810,9315567,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,mattjpwns,"Shallow game mechanics combined with uninspired graphics and sound make this an easy game to pass, and another in Peter Molyneux's ""overpromise and underdeliver"" library of modern mediocrity. It can't quite decide what it wants to be, and fails to deliver entertaining gameplay via any of its mechanics."
,Not Recommended,232810,29383682,Posted: 20 January,all,madcat_sean,"Game is dead, don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,232810,8385467,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,xoxogossipgirl,"This game looked like fun. It isn't, boring and time consuming."
,Not Recommended,232810,8395756,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Moza,"I purchased this game when it became available on steam, and I have to say, I've never been so disapointed from a game that fundamentally has you clicking and nothing more else. You'll find yourself in a repetitive state most of the time clicking and nothing more else. A huge disapointment."
,Not Recommended,232810,8552287,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,juliobritomg,Gosdus is not ready yet OMG. Is in beta stage million of years and i'm thinking that will never be. I wll get my money back.
,Not Recommended,232810,9348815,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Taihou,Incomplete Game. The game gets stale pretty fast. Wait for a full release before purchase
,Not Recommended,232810,9352909,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Ex Curia,"Godus 2.0Well I reviewed this prepatch and since this has finally been updated I think it is only fair that I provide a new perspective on this game. In its current form Godus is a badly told joke, the build up has you eagerly anticpating the punchline, it has all the right ingredients theres the talking monkey, the shopping cart and the disgruntled cleaner all lined up waiting to mesh and put a big smile on your face...But it never comes, I want to be smiling at this game, I want to enjoy it; but i really cant. There have been many changes for the better in 2.0 but this game simply lacks soul.ControlsGodus still requires you to click everything, 2.0 brought in the possibility to drag to collect your belief or to sculpt but this still results in you clicking on everything constanty. The result is in 5 minutes you honestly feel tired. Scrolling by keyboard creates an odd motion blur that actually manages to make you feel ill whilst also feeling sluggish. Fortunately controls are relatively intiutive however and the layout is crisp and makes good sense. So its not all bad but it really does need a lot more work.GameplayIn its current form this is tied so closely to the controls that it is honestly difficult to find a way to seperate them. So what to say? Progression has been improved, moderately, you can see where your civilization is going although sometimes it feels too forced. You move through progression cards as your population goes and regardless of what you are doing this will ping incessently until you finally concede that you will have to click on them, only to be dragged through a semi tutorial that you cannot seem to escape. Sculpting is much improved upon now that it is possible to drag terrain and sculpting costs less belief but it still only lets you drag one layer at a time at first which makes sculpting infuriatingly slow, this wouldn't be so bad if the game had more character at the moment but considering this really is the most important element at present it needs to feel better than it does.I feel I do owe it to point out the good which has come in 2.0 as well and I pray (haha.) that it is a sign that perhaps more is coming. Followers do now, not only wander around but also, show some signs of socializing; It is wonderful to see a follower light a fire and others come to join them. Having had only a couple of hours to poke at 2.0 there were few other unique interactions although i acknowledge others may already be in game. Personally I would like to see more happen in this regard; followers with a life of their own and not some blue army of conformists.GraphicsTo my mind this remains Godus's most redeeming feature, I like the style, it looks like it has potential and gives the game a great sandbox feel; if only the gameplay could match it. There are a few irritating bugs but mostly they are minor, one which persists from prior to the patch which requires attention is when scrolling the horizon becomes visible exposing the blackness of infinity at the edges of your monitor this is particularly noticable when scrolling and feels like it could be really easilly remedied.Where to from here?Well it is hardly fair to lay into an Beta but I think many customers will equally mirror the exasperation felt having spent so many months being provided with so little feedback. There is a glimmer of a great game here but it does feel more Alpha than Beta and does not feel ready for early access. Personally I hope to see several changes come about in future:- Belief needs to naturally be collected no more clicking! Please, please 22-cans pay heed to this, we have all had enough of Farmville and Simpsons Tapped Out. We are not using a mobile phone app we beg you, our fingers beg you, no more clicking.- Personality; simply where is it? I don't really expect this to emerge immediately it is more a mark of polish in finishing off a game but some minor concessions would at least let fans (of which lets face it any one buying the early release clearly will be) really want to see.- Sculpting needs to be more natural from the beginning and do we really need to create a completly featureless world? I played Populous and Populous, I know what this comes from but its 22 years on, lets have some life in the world. At the very least trees should start to grow amongst houses after clearance.ConclusionThis is a game that is very far from completion, 22-cans state that this is currently at 49% completion. The result is a game which feels like it came off a demo disk. You can begin to see the shape of something which could become a fantastic god game but this will most likely require several complete overhauls before it even begins to take shape from the crude wooden soulless block it currently resembles. As an avid fan of many of the games Peter Molyneux has produced I will watch this game intently but in future 22-cans should steer well clear of early access games until they are genuinly prepared to engage with the community to which it is exposing itself."
,Not Recommended,232810,9489433,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,ChrisG,"This is a really boring game, no need for a long explanation, there's just nothing interesting about this game. Molyneux has lost it (if he ever even had it)."
76561198117343817,Not Recommended,232810,10163166,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,This_Son_of_York,"Adictive briefly , then it just grinds to a haltPost update it just hangsDon't waste your time"
,Not Recommended,232810,11458384,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Vultcha_,"early acess or not, the game is very boring... this coming from a die-hard black and white, populous and other ""god"" game turbofan.main problem is it has no point. there is nothing compelling here, and no reason to grow/evolve your civilization.  pete promised massive online multiplayer on a  persistent unified world... and it seems he has thrown that out.  all that is left is a sandbox without any ""toys,"" and i don't see that changing anytime soon, or ever.development has been a crawl for this game and any changes that are done are to things that are ancillary or cosmetic.the term ""THIS IS NOT A COMPLETE GAME""  does not apply here, as the game has lacked anything compelling since day one, and all changes done have done nothing to address it."
76561198003322443,Not Recommended,232810,8528089,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,[DAF] MaRvIn.gc,Like everyone else has said click click click.Doesn't seem to improve on the click click in any of the updates.
,Not Recommended,232810,8546975,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,brian.peisley,"First, a caveat that this review is for the early access game.When telling friends about this game I refer to it as Clickus, because I feel like all I ever did in this game. The game was initially fun when I was building up settlements, earning followers, unlocking some new stuff, etc. However it quickly becomes a tedious click-fest. Worse, the more followers you get the more tedious clicking you have to do, which acts as a huge disincentive to continue playing.I want to believe that this is just because it's early access game and that it will be sorted out by the time they do a general release, but I'm not very hopeful. All the clicking (and double-clicks and click-and-drags)  seems to be so fundamental to the game's design that it's hard to see how that would change."
76561198088133780,Not Recommended,232810,9351663,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,insayn_xm,"DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS SCAMI did and regret it. Its unfinished, and almost unplayable at its current stage, glad I bought this crap on sale. The game itself wouldn't be too bad if the developers actually did some work on it, or at least told us what the hell was going on. They claim to be about 41% through it, but that was months ago and there still is no sign of any updates towards completion.Is there a way Steam can recredit my money after selling a product that isnt as described?"
76561198006731493,Not Recommended,232810,9355877,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Augmenton,"GODUS sounded great on paper, but in reality it's nothing but a disaster.  Upon its initial beta release there was a great amount of activity and even an update or two.  Since October,  GODUS has seen nothing in the way of updates and 22cans has gone all but silent.  Beyond that, the play is repetitive and can be cumbersome, the end-goals are completely dependent on multiplayer so a true singleplayer experience is impossible, and nothing of what is currently playable rivals any of the promises lofted pre-release.I will change my opinion if something great happens between now and eternity.  However, I strongly stress that you should purchase this at your own risk."
76561197995316297,Not Recommended,232810,9490552,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Angelic Loki,"The very definition of a ""too early release"" game."
,Not Recommended,232810,8542479,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Emyn,For now it's incredibly boring to play and very slowly paced. Gameplay consists mostly of a click orgy. Would definitely not recommend at the current stage.
,Not Recommended,232810,9333230,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Disorganic,"Simple graphics and interesting mechanics belie a game that has been abandoned by its authoring studio. with virtually no contact from developers to customers beyond ""we're still working"" notes on twitter, Godus remains firmly in the Alpha stage for the forseeable future. if 22cans is still working on this game, nobody has seen any evidence of it since october 2013. I'd be surprised if anyone at 22cans is doing anything other than Xeroxing resumes and getting out before the paychecks start bouncing.I have no problem with companies releasing Alpha and Beta code to Early Access, but when said companies are led by an industry veteran and seem incapable of communicating release dates, work done, or making rational design choices, I can't help but feel taken advantage of."
,Not Recommended,232810,9486921,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Naloac,This game is awful The new non clicking fest is just about half the clicking it still filled with clicking and its amazing boring
76561198051468310,Not Recommended,232810,10096313,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,(the) viking,"When you buy an Early Access game you expect there to be problems, it's the nature of the beast but this game although in principal is good, is a poor game being developed by a seriously bad dev team! When the testers report bugs, devs are meant to acknowledge and fix them and keep in contact with the community - sadly they have a poor record of doing this, even taking 3 months away and leaving the testers high & dry. When Godus refused to work for me around 2.03 I found this out for myself, rather than making a fix so we could play for what we paid for I was left until the next patch with no solution, no serious game developers treat their customers like this!It seems 22Cans are doing this on a wing and a prayer, with no experience, no concern and no interest in feedback, too much changing what was bearable and not fixing bugs, took them months after bringing in the ludicrous stickers to do something worthwhile but they'll probably change that negatively too!Don't get me started on the voyages, what a train wreck -  save your money!!! :("
,Not Recommended,232810,12568915,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Magos,"Nope. If there was ever a product that was a true description of what it meant to ""Molyneux It"" (i.e. overpromise under deliver) this is it. Truly a worthy acheivement from Molyneux's last title."
76561197988712031,Not Recommended,232810,21329197,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,[S.T.A.R.S.],Tedious and boring.
,Not Recommended,232810,10813202,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,liviorazlo92,the vast majority of hours i've played this game have just been me leaving the game open to accrew in game resources. there is very little that is engaging about this game. Avoid like the plague
76561198006764766,Not Recommended,232810,10855563,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,bluelars,The game had great prospects but the developers go for months with out speaking let alone updateing. at its current stage it is less of a game and more of a clicking simulator.
,Not Recommended,232810,21132206,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Blade,"The original release of this was a wonderful piece of a game, with a few minor complaints about it's interface.  To correct those complaints, the developers completely re-built the game into a totally different game, that is absolute garbage."
,Not Recommended,232810,21141691,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Zannder,"This game is not worth buying. If you think this is gonna be a game where you build some kind of empire or civilization you're only half right. This game is a more complex version of Simon says. You can't decide where any of the buildings go and the people just walk around waiting for you to move something so they have more space to build stuff. I think the idea behind this game allows the player to see the world from the perspective of a god, but the only way that can work is if you have first hand control of everything that is going on and in this case you don't. I understand that this game isnt finished yet, but the way I see it, this game needs to be completly remade to work. I firmly do not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,232810,35108041,Posted: 21 September,all,Xarkatect,"Would love it if we got an update that didn't take almost 2 years. Oh wait, this game is the unloved step-child in the family headed right toward official death."
76561198061974601,Not Recommended,232810,30250056,Posted: 28 February,all,[LINUX] facePlanted,"His first games were nothing new .. already seen gameplay, unpolished art, mediocre homour, boring at least.Unnoticed titles that didn't scratch the gaming industry and sold just a few copies, to friends and family members.But once in the corporates he started to shine, humbly proposing simple ideas and always overdelivering,we remember in particular a video of a gameplay footage that later on, once the game was completed, was obliterated by the final quality and controller-free interaction.Always looking for new challenges, he tried the independent route with Kickstarter .. needless to say it was another success,he overdelivered as usual and fulfilled all the promises and the goals.Thanks to him and few others, crowdfunding is a renowned finance, I myself support dozens of projects every month.He is now a well respected person."
76561198054780343,Not Recommended,232810,24965658,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Amkend,DO NOT BUY AT ANY COSTS!
76561198001367740,Not Recommended,232810,24793457,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Sea Otter King,"If you ever dreamed of playing the most boring and uninteresting game of all time, then this is your chance."
76561197988658195,Not Recommended,232810,18724218,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Palli,"Godus is a great game to waste a couple hour upon, after my first game with a progress of around 30 hours started crashing, I had to create a new one, so great, now I can waste even more time! another 8 hours in, and it starts crashing once more, truly the defenition of wasting hours, love it.About the game: Poorly optimized, Decent ui, the context menu is horribly set up but whatev. Pop-ups every♥♥♥♥ingwhere forcing you to do♥♥♥♥♥♥ as if you were 5 years old, and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ the dev talk is some of the most depressing I've ever heard.Wanna loose your world fast? Just check out the edit world, anything you click there makes you'r world go POFF, and don't expect to get it back (best to do with a couple of hours into the game). 3/10, don't buy"
,Not Recommended,232810,29165027,Posted: 10 January,all,Barloww,Just a let down run away don't buy
,Not Recommended,232810,28195544,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Overclocked BBC,Crapware
76561198009190916,Not Recommended,232810,21647995,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Biggamer,The game is dead. They have not updated for 6 months now. How do you get a refund from that.
,Not Recommended,232810,26325920,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Mrcheekymonkey1996,"from what I can see, the devs abandoned the game. I HATE it when they do that.  Tedious game.  I wish I could recommended it, it had potential."
76561197988298847,Not Recommended,232810,9133031,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Top Dogg,It was said at the launch of the kick starter it'd only take 6-9 months to finish. there is apparently going to be a new content patch in march meaning there has been 6 months with out additional content added.Do not buy at this time. The last update from 22 cans was before christmas. The lack of love they have for their community is disgusting.
76561198045656486,Not Recommended,232810,9690529,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,a sleeping bug,I guess you can build a city or something. No clue what to do. don't buy this game
,Not Recommended,232810,9481636,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Feral,"This game is the worst thing I have ever purchased on steam. Go through my Steam Library, there are some pretty god-awful games within. That is testament to just how terrible this game truly is. It is nothing but clicking your mouse mindlessly. Farmville is more of a game than this steaming P.O.S.Pretty much a scam through and through."
76561198016508809,Not Recommended,232810,8793666,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,HairyBudz,"Maybe when its done it will be good, but at this point im glad i only paid 50%."
76561198043237870,Not Recommended,232810,9155768,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,smash1986hu,"Do not pay for this. Besides it's faults it's going to be free2play, so do not spend any money on it."
76561198064246165,Not Recommended,232810,8659480,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,MAL_RES,Painfully repetitive.
76561197976099737,Not Recommended,232810,7875080,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,エミール,"After another update, this game continues to disapoint, timers are insanely long. The Astari, are the most annoying feature that anyone could dream up, everything in this game is designed to force you to log in every few hours. The designers seem to think that my PC is a damn IPad, this is not the game they promised during their kickstarter campaign.I will continue to try out the new features, but i am certain it will continue to be a joke of a game.Very little has changed from below, except they have put more blocks in place of your enjoyment.After having high hopes with the new patch i gave godus 2.0 another go, i really wish i had not bothered.now instead of too much clicking its click and drag, click and drag. Dull, boring mechanics make this game a chore to play, there is no point in progressing, the more powerful you become the more clicking and dragging you have to do.The ridiculous sticker system, that replaced the previous resource system is a total joke, it changes nothing you just have a little more freedom in which totaly pointless upgrade you can have for your villagers.Homelessness and lost villagers are a pointless addition, they never seem to die, so who the hell cares if they are homeless.Sculpting is slightly better, but still a chore, everything takes too long, why cant i sculpt more than one level at a time? Maybe i get the ability in the future, but i will never find out as i will wait till there is another major update before attempting this game again.Voyages, another totaly pointless addition, if i wanted to play lemmings i would play lemmings. Why the hell would i as a god, need to sculpt a path to a temple that exsists on another land mass for no reason what so ever. in 25 seconds??  It`s another chore especially when your villagers are so dumb they can not manage to go up a clearly accessable path until you make it slightly wider and then some still can not manage it.What ever you do, do not buy this game, if it interests you then wait for another major update. It is not worth any amount of money yet."
,Not Recommended,232810,8652256,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,DeathSeason,"Don't buy this game. Seriously. I bought it in the first version because I wanted to support the idea of an new god game because I loved B&W 1-2 so much. I played it 20+ hours because I always hoped that this boring non stop clicking just the beginning is because every start is hard. But it didn't changed. It's now 3 months ago since the last update, and I personally think the update made it even worse. I haven't even played it anymore since then because it was even more unenjoyable.If I could, I would try to get my money back. 20€ for a mobilephone game but without less possibilities than the most android/iOS games.Don't buy this game if you want to play a god with a world to control. You can get for less money Black & White which is a million times better."
,Not Recommended,232810,8795648,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,robovski,Dear god no. Just save your money and get something that is complete. Maybe when/if this game finishes it will be worthwhile but for now AVOID.
,Not Recommended,232810,9154227,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,aidanomara360,"So this is me now re-reviewing this game after it's re-regenisis. Having a considerable amount of hours put into (pre and post re-release), I would like to think that I have a justified conclusion about where I stand with the game now and 22cans.So, firstly, the pro's. Yes, it's been revamped. We now don't have to click as much, in fact, little to none. We click and drag. The population now has a bit of charm and mobility, creating friendships and being active around the world, and the voyage quests put a breathe of fresh air into the game. This is, however, meant with some poor AI and pathing problems, and a general lack of pace.Belief now struggels to get into the 10,000 mark whilst sculpting, and although the bottom layers (sand under water and on land to the first grassy layers) are free, it simply isn't enough to continue scultping as you will, like the original release of the game.Belief was always a major problem for myself, I think it's the most boring resource collection in any God game. This was felt unanimously in the early access community, but instead of the mechanic being altered, we are now propted to do it differently. With the clicking and the dragging.Followers get lost, dazed and confused constantly, and a recent update doesn't seem to tackle the issue, but prompt you to look at them. A beacon will flash continuously, over and over again, alerting the player to simply look at them. The update has not fixed the issue of poor AI, but instead taunts the player to attempt to sculpt steps adlib with the previously stated little to none belief that can be collected. The poor AI also leads to some horribly frustrating incidents aside from step scultping.The voyage quest are, as I stated at the start, a nice feature but the poor pathing issues lead to incidents that leave the player gobsmacked at the utter stupidity of his believers. Numerous times have I created a lovely path for my bold travelers to safety and victory, only to look back at there progress witnesses them entering a wall of death in a swamp. Or whatever that little black, spotty bit of land is called. I have no doubt that a new update will have tutorials and directional arrows to your destination, however.The common theme of this update is a general ignorance from 22cans to realise the true problems fans and customers are having with the game. ""The beliefe mechanic is a bad mechanic as it prompts to player to click too much and has no depth whatsoever to the game"", the Steam community would say. To which 22cans would say ""Ah, we'll click and drag"".The biggest critque of this re-review is 22cans itself and inabilty to connect with the early access community in order to develope a game that was worth the money in the first place. Putting your head in the sand whilst everything goes wrong and not communicating for 3 months is at the very least an immature way to create a game, or in a broader context, to handle a market. In a day of where I can communicate with a friend in the States, Australia or Japan from my humble house near Glasgow, I feel a lack of communication has no excuss.Clicking causes stress on the joints, but dragging is a drag.Buy if you wish, but I've uninstalled."
,Not Recommended,232810,9439500,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Rage Machine,Bad
76561197971276545,Not Recommended,232810,8929205,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Kutter,"Are you looking to pay $20 for the Simpons Tapped Out?If so, then look no further.How is this game like Simpsons Tapped Out?In the STO you collect money from towns people.  In Godus you collect belief from followers.  Belief == MoneyOnce you get enough money, in STO you build buildings that collect large sums of money at an easily tappable location.  Likewise in Godus,once you collect enough Belief, you create Settlements that gather large amounts of Belief in an easily tappable location.In the STO you have to complete towns people missions in order to gain XP to advance through the levels.  In Godus, you need to use followers to complete ""missions"" in order to unlock resources and land expansions that enable you to advance through the ages.All of this is extremely tedious if playing on PC, which I'll assume you plan to do, given this is the Steam forums.Add to this the lack of developer feedback/interaction with the community, the lack of regular game updates, and the censorship of the game forums (particularly when the game is on sale), and you have a game that should not even be listed on Steam, let alone one you should consider buying.[tldr;] Godus should be a free to play mobile/tablet game."
76561197989469063,Not Recommended,232810,14912282,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Saint,I bought this because of the designer from Black and white if you are looking for a game like black and white I do not recommend they should have just made something similar its crappy and glitchy and boring!
,Not Recommended,232810,13778149,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Oke,Dont buy it!
76561198216448064,Not Recommended,232810,14881492,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,ivanovcaldwell,will not let me passed load screen... :./
,Not Recommended,232810,12037941,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Aquifel,"I wouldn't recommend the game, not because its a bad game, i wouldn't call it a good game, but definitely not a bad game, its distracting is probably the best compliment i can give.In it, you attempt to grow your civilization by making them nice flat land to build houses on.  Almost all of your interaction with the game involved flattening land, it does get a bit boring, especially since all of your villagers and their houses are more or less identical (there are different tech levels of buildings, but nothing at each tech level to make anything stand out).  There isn't any kind of personal feel, and you don't really have anything to do with your villagers except gather belief from them.The ui is also a bit wonky, i call it a reverse port when i think about it.  The game was obviously meant to be released on tablets, its a bit odd that they released on pc first, it takes full advantage of all the niceties of using a touchscreen, but makes no effort to cater to those of us using a mouse/keyboard.  It feels kind of like PC was an afterthought, even though it was released here first."
,Not Recommended,232810,12727168,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Retizex,"What was once a game with potential is now a waste of time and money. As other reviews say, it's basically your average mobile game at this point."
76561198165446644,Not Recommended,232810,14753697,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,lifeafterlife,"Early access, they said. We'll upgrade soon, they said."
,Not Recommended,232810,12372765,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,1stcast,I didnt enjoy it
76561197980363304,Not Recommended,232810,12661363,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,cthulhu,"If you like populus or black and white, you'll probably hate this, DON'T BUY!"
,Not Recommended,232810,8591424,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Gallens,"This Game is both repetitive and boring, the land shaping is difficult and the main goal is just to make everything flat. I feels like the only strategy is to fill up the area with as many follows as possible then do your best to keep each individual alive by constant clicking them. I soon lost interest and let everyone die."
,Not Recommended,232810,9462270,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,BakedBunney,"And still crap! Don't waste your money, wait for this Godclicking game to be released on IOS for free."
76561198081236597,Not Recommended,232810,8643538,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,ImConfused.,It has this lame battle arena with the worst pretend AI ever it gets me madCake/10
,Not Recommended,232810,9180151,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,whzbre,"I find this game to be awful, not updated for months now, it's like any Zynga game out there, Peter Molyneux just have announced that this game DESPITE BEING PAID TO PLAY NOW will have monetisation.http://www.pocketgamer.co.uk/r/Android/Godus/news.asp?c=57324. I would not recommend buying this game. Right now I would really want a refund, even on steam wallet because this is just awful.Want to add I have spent about ten minutes in the game and all I did was click, as there is absolutely no AI of NPCs. iPhone game much?"
76561198061731587,Not Recommended,232810,9320364,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,linz407,"After a long time playing this game, you do not get your money's worth. Save your money and skip over this game. I've played the heck out of this game, and haven't touched it in months. Find something else cheaper and will last more than a handful of hours."
76561198018493146,Not Recommended,232810,9357460,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,ZebraBandit,"Wait on it.  Maybe some day it will be worth playing, but now.. snooze.."
,Not Recommended,232810,9443648,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Nacho Man Handy Cabbage,"Just not a good game as of right now. Not fun, not entertaining. They need to release more stuff for it. Right now its just destoying some sand. Then some more. Then some more. Oh look, a house. Let's destroy sand and rocks for 30 more minutes. They even spelled a word wrong in the trailer for the game."
,Not Recommended,232810,9444460,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Wilize,"the short version. this game is so horrible with all the clicking, and no story at all. (its like it's sucking your soul out of you,)well its more like all your time, becourse a building takes like 20 min of pure wating time to build."
76561197981949016,Not Recommended,232810,8574468,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,pulse,Very boring game.Its like a browser game. Clicking around and nothing happens.Do not buy!
,Not Recommended,232810,9174545,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Adam / Leftie / RDL,"Don't touch with a ten foot barge pole. What seemed like a good idea has been poorly executed, the developers are sworn to NDAs, so they can't tell us anything about development, its basically a disaster, the company clearly have no idea how one should go about early access."
,Not Recommended,232810,9421640,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,ROLEAT,I agree with other reviews - in the current version (v1.3) this game is absolutely not worth it. Furthermore the game is rarely updated anymore.
76561198008534531,Not Recommended,232810,9461616,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,zonemagorgo,"Not worth 19 bucks at all, wait until its like....$3.00.EDIT - Better yet, do not spend any money on this at all.Edit again - I really wish this game was what they said it was going to be. I feel bad for the people working on it who wanted something from it."
76561198051593153,Not Recommended,232810,8592175,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,ccikara,"Give it a skip!!Starts off fun, but quickly becomes a game of clicking and waiting.The games goes not have micro-transactions, but mark my words, they are coming!!"
,Not Recommended,232810,8969202,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,dlonline24,"I know it's still be developed, but I found Godus tedious and boring.Update:  I was hoping that with additional development the game would add features and improve, but while they have added features, I actually like the game less.  It's very buggy - you can no longer find chests that contain the stickers you need to gain/improve god powers.  Since the latest updates, I've not been able to progress as much as in previous versions.They added ""voyages"" which are required to get cards and stickers and I really don't like them; many other users seem to agree..."
76561198006405240,Not Recommended,232810,9167810,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Benanator,"As it is now Godus is not very fun. Collecting cards, as it is now, is not fun. Clicking every single house for belief, also not fun. Clicking trees and rocks to collect belief, still no fun. The god battles aren't even potrayed as being between gods, but between you and some annoying person on an IM/Text system battleing you before thier parents get home, or before her mom had dinner ready. I forget what idiotic thing it said. This is not a god game, because you do not feel like a god, nor does interactions with other ""gods"" feel like it has anything to do with being a god. If you are looking for a Black and White like game stear clear of this one. Unless they start over from scratch this game will never be what I, and I assume many others, would expect from a god game."
76561198057832855,Not Recommended,232810,9185017,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,lrjcasey,"Flimsy execution, very little sense of progressional change, buggy, stupidly high numbers of  'cards' required to progress, ropey AI, cannot progress without multiplayer interaction (which isn't working properly), and insane amounts of clicking.Not worth £0.20, let alone £20.00. Can't believe I paid for it!"
,Not Recommended,232810,9322539,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,hysteria4u,"This game is boring, broken and awful. Nevery buy a game from this company or by P.M. himself. All they did was take the money and run, just like 90% of indie games these days."
76561198032952015,Not Recommended,232810,9443538,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,rdreamspeaker,As far as I know no longer are they trying to improve this game.
76561197983029096,Not Recommended,232810,9445009,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Tortillas,"This game is a hot mess. I'll admit it's got some potential, but as it is now in this stage of development, I don't recommend. The latest update has rendered the game unplayable for me. I can't go more than five minutes without the game freezing, failing to load a tutorial that I can't skip, or just crashing entirely. I'd give this game another month at least before i'd spend any money on it."
76561197993355499,Not Recommended,232810,9446274,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Vanadius-ArKa,"NEVER get a P. Molyneux game anymore! Now this same does not stick with quality but with shame, bad game and the fact of misrespecting the players"
,Not Recommended,232810,9447023,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Weo λ,This just weren't the game i was looking for. :/
,Not Recommended,232810,9326103,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Macros,0/10 - This is one of those crappy clicky mobile games brought to PC and sold for 19.99.
,Not Recommended,232810,9448218,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Malor,"The prior beta version, from October 2013, was kind of okay.  I wasn't a backer, and picked it up on sale for like seven or ten dollars, and had a reasonable amount of fun with it.  It was a little slow and tedious at times, but on the whole, I thought it was moderately promising, and put 23 or 24 hours into it.So, here we are in March 2014, and I see the news that it's updated.  Okay, great, reinstall.  Lost my old save and all the time I put into digging out that statue head (for no real benefit that I could determine)... this irked me, but okay, I could live with that if the game was better.It isn't.  It's much, much worse.  It's way way slower than the old version.  I've got about four hours into 2.0, and I still can only move one layer of dirt at a time.  The world is far more vertical than the old one, so it takes a lot more work to clear out places for people to live, and because I can still only move one layer at a time, it's really painful and really slow.  Your people take much longer to build things than they did, because they go home to sleep.  This is particularly bad if you're 'stretching' a long way to reach a new settlement opportunity, because they hike back and forth many times before whatever it is has finished.  This is terribly tedious.This supposed to be a GOD game, and at four hours, I'm a guy with a hoe.  I just recently got the mighty ability to squash things, one thing per click, for maybe 8 or 10 clicks.  But, it costs 500 belief, and I think it takes ten or fifteen minutes to generate that much.The old game was slow, but workable.  This one is just impossibly tedious.  Stay way way away.  I don't know what's wrong with Molyneux that he thinks this is supposed to be fun.In Populous, at least I could DO stuff.(edit: it says I've actually only played it for three hours in the last two weeks.  I originally thought it must be six, and dropped back to four because I didn't think it could have been THAT long.  It just FELT that way.  This is not exactly a time-flies-by title.  It is dreadfully boring, at least in the 2.0 beta incarnation.)"
,Not Recommended,232810,9461642,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Teflon,"no, just no."
76561198037910259,Not Recommended,232810,9065363,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Uckermann,The early access version sucks!
76561198017796978,Not Recommended,232810,11532761,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Angry Honeybadger,"Right now, this game has nothing to do with the Populus you played 25 years ago. It's a click orgy and feels like was developed for tablets only. There are no menues of any kind, so you have to learn mouse-gestures - no support for the right mouse button either! It feels very much like it was developed for tablets only.The game pace is terrible slow. Most of the time you will just sit around and waiting for the pink bubbles (your mana points, which allow you to do things like terra forming etc.) to pop up above each of your settlements, which you then have to collect by clicking on them.Let me repeat that: if you have 200 settlements, you have to click 200 different pink bubbles to collect your ""mana points"" and progress in the game. So most of the time you end up just sitting around doing nothing and just wait for the next bubbles to click on, which is as much fun as watching paint dry - except that paint will dry much faster than this game progresses.It's just a huge disapointment for me. Save your money or pick up the original Populus on GOG instead."
76561198040448372,Not Recommended,232810,14106844,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Strech,No.
78226283823246624,Not Recommended,232810,14318161,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Futomomo,abandoned.
,Not Recommended,232810,9241659,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,FFSoul,No
,Not Recommended,232810,18930562,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Carnuficor,It's been two years of constant minor updates with no real development in gameplay. Stay away.
76561198051115543,Not Recommended,232810,17458544,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,garem.alshoog,How long it will issue a full game ????
,Not Recommended,232810,16351973,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Blob,"Rather wanted a new Black & White, Fable or The Movies than this.."
76561198024914361,Not Recommended,232810,7931835,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,rremde,"Although GODUS is a work in progress, it plays like a Facebook game - lots of mindless rapid clicking.  There really isn't much you can do to effect outcomes, just grow population and crops.  I wouldn't pay more that $5 for it, and regret paying $20.  	 was hopeful, but I'm just not seeing where it can go."
,Not Recommended,232810,9134906,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Falour,I want my money back.
,Not Recommended,232810,12659125,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,dynoxity- (Mippe in Memoriam),"Used to be great game, but then it took mobile aspect to the knee."
76561198030896584,Not Recommended,232810,8582830,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Dónal,"(This applies to version 1.3.1 of the game, and may hopefully one day prove invalid when an improved game comes along. No luck so far though).Avoid this disappointing dull click-fest that goes nowhere.Peter Molyneux, who created some of the best games I've ever played, should be able to do better than this. The game, in its present form, is shockingly unengaging and crashy, even for a beta. It's tedious beyond words and has been given an early beta release before even basic elements of the interaction or incentives of playing seem to have been considered.Don't expose yourself to the boring and shoddy half-finished work of someone whose previous titles were great.Wait.And hope it gets better somehow."
,Not Recommended,232810,8640456,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Khroxas,I've nothing to say about this game because at the moment there is nothing in this game worth talking about.
,Not Recommended,232810,8584439,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,CaffeineCloud,"There are many reasons why I am saying I wouldn't recommend this game, one being that it is clearly over hyped and not living up to any expectations.  I will admit though I do keep playing it.  You may wonder why I am playing a game if I think it is not worth recommending.Well to start I have nothing against cow clickers, I do have something against paying for one, this is a game that one should not have to pay for at all.  If one is to pay for it one should not pay full price, get when it is on a sale if you must see what it is like.  I got it during a steam sale myself. I still feel I may have over paid.I do however see the potentail this game has, I do however have doubt that such potenial shall be reached.  I also must admit that this is not a game for all people, I some how enjoy it.  Mind you I am normally enjoying some wine or beer while playing it, thus making use of the mindlessness it is in full.  Hardly use my brain power but am able to suck myself in to my computer for hours.I do wonder why I still bought this game even after seeing so many people not recommend this game, then I realized I never take good advice.In long, if you like to take risks, buy the game.  If you like good games that require thinking and full use of your mind look else where.  Now I must go click little pink balls some more and mine stuff that is totally useless.I should have just bought Starbound...."
,Not Recommended,232810,8965389,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,mjegs,"Do not buy into this game. You will be ""empowered"" to be the most lame excuse of ground-levelling god so your followers can decide to build things you have no say in. There is almost next to no control over your followers and progression is painfully slow and unrewarding. It takes a little more than digging for a stupid card to keep me interested. The ""regular updates"" the developer promised are so slow, it's almost a joke.  I bought this for 9.99$ during the Steam Winter sale, and regret every penny of it.0 cans out of 22 cans, shameful display, and I feel dumb for falling for the developer's PR bait on YouTube and online.UPDATE: The mobile title has been released, with typical P2W mechanics we all see in other titles. So much for ""aesthetic"" microtransactions, eh?  I regret backing this game, and every time I try to play it, it only stays on my computer for an hour before I fear for my sanity, so I delete it again."
,Not Recommended,232810,8639717,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Size Matters,this belongs on the app store
76561198085812637,Not Recommended,232810,8995982,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Ass Smashum,It's a cool concept in theory but it eventually turns into a farmville-esque farming game. It might end up being a good game in time but DO NOT BUY THIS UNTIL THEN. It is not ready and may never be. I made the mistake of buying this game. Don't.. just... don't buy this game.
,Not Recommended,232810,8592765,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,PET,"Click click click ... yes. That's what you do in this ""game"". You click and you shape up land. You might think it's fun to shape up land... but it's not. You just click click click. Then... sometimes you accidentally destroy a house and you end up clicking some more to fix that, then you click some more... and when you think you are done, you click a again to exit the game but HA! You can ALT+F4 ... no more click then.Ah, you might want to do a few clicks and try to get a refund. No luck. They don't offer refunds! Now you wasted some clicks trying to do that.CLICK CLICK!!"
,Not Recommended,232810,9435585,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,salamander,"Ive only just begun to play but I already find the game to be incredibly charming and relaxing to play. Its ssimple and easy to get into, the graphics are very nice to look at (very colorful) and its easy to lose yerself for hours as you take care of your little beleivers.However its still clearly an Early Acess game--shaping the land can be difficult and incredibly touchy at best; I really think some environmental music could really make the experience completely enveloping; and in-game goals can be diluted and vague, making it uncertain what youre actually aiming to do--but ultimately didnt find these lackings to be deal breakers.I had and still have fun playing this game but I wouldnt rec it unless you enjoy that facebook game feel."
76561198007309374,Not Recommended,232810,9363153,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,SneakyMo,No Update in almost 3 months? Hello? Is anyone still working on this game?.....Guess not.Not worth your money at this point.
76561198030769964,Not Recommended,232810,11718283,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,slivanus99,This game has gone up 1.5 % in over a year. It is terrible. If i could get my money back I would. Shame on you all for starting so well then sinking like a stone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,232810,18680146,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Steve Johnson,unfinished crap
,Not Recommended,232810,9467499,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Beugnen,Mindless Farmville-style game; complete insult to the god-game genre designed by someone who should jolly well know better.
,Not Recommended,232810,7750968,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Gibbon,"All Promise, no game."
76561198032865919,Not Recommended,232810,7868067,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Maruzana,Another game from Moly-nope!Don't get lured into his lies like I was!STAY AWAY FROM THIS COWCLICLER GAME!This game is not even close being good as Populous.
,Not Recommended,232810,12591475,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Pabloziac,"this goes against my religion, reported"
,Not Recommended,232810,17877594,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,meatfryer,"It could have been so much. Honestly, it is so much... so much crap. Would not recommend. At all."
,Not Recommended,232810,9450077,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Arlen Tektolnes,Why the ♥♥♥♥ did I buy this?
,Not Recommended,232810,8639730,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,[GDS] <┼jiæ░d▒r▓y┼ ҉҈,"Mobile game thrown out on PC. There is a lot of repetitive clicking, and actions in game take a real-world equivalent of time. You are actively constrained/slowed down to prevent progression.There is a high probability of this game also getting an in-game transaction store (to speed up time), even if the developers have said they aren't considering one.Avoid for now until they re-assess their priorities. This game has a lot of potentional, but as it is now... it plays like a PC funded mobile game (they have since released a mobile version and have been focusing on it)."
,Not Recommended,232810,17385676,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,tehOMGfather,10/10 Would pay early access an deceptive and incomplete PC version of a mobile game again.
76561198006728826,Not Recommended,232810,22543272,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Vulcan,Early Access simulator
76561198045231749,Recommended,232810,20751469,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,tomixx1199,"Positive review here, and I'll tell you why. I got this game a long time ago. Played around with it for a while and quickly lost interest as it did not have much to offer. ""Early access"" I said and uninstalled it. So of course time passed and I heard bits of info here and there how bad this game got and how bad the development was. Not surprising as I see a lot of early access games to just kind of die. However recently a friend of mine who has been following this game told me something changed.So I went back into it.And I actually like it.yea I dont love it. But it is still Early Access after all. I started to look things up about the devs and found this out.Molyneux the man who is hated probably as much as EA stepped down as CEO back in Juneish. Dunno the exact date but most articles are around that time period. So as I was going through the reviews I noticed how people are still complaining about Molyneux ruining this game....So here's some positives as to why you should at least keep this game on your wishlist or buy it on a sale.Heres an article stating Simon Phillips is taking over as CEO.http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2015-07-17-meet-the-man-trying-to-fix-22cansThe devs are active within the forums and on the 22cans twitter (they respond to tweets more than posting their own)As you can see in recent updates (Yes im aware the last one was in September) they are working away on a combat update.Also if you read the Godus opt in steam section on this page you'll notice that they update the dev build more than the actual early access. This meaning you'll get more content although it will be buggy.tl;drGame has a new CEO and is becoming active again, Wishlist this and check back every once in a while or buy on sale.P.S. when reading reviews do your own research to make sure some highly liked review isn't utterly wrong."
,Not Recommended,232810,10322936,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Codahuni,Not that Fun
76561198042922839,Not Recommended,232810,10322947,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Cagin,"You are not a god in this game. As it is you just scroll around clicking constantly to progress, which is very little. Not much you do. Not worth your money right now."
76561198081205698,Not Recommended,232810,9243585,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,jk_muc,I loved Popolous and I really liked the start of this game but with 40% finsihed and waiting for a major rewrite since more then 4 months (last update start of October 2013) we have only seen many sales weeks on Steam.Sorry for this game but I would propose to wait if there will be any changes in the future before you sink your money here.
76561198001684622,Not Recommended,232810,9251564,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,andy,i would say this game is not as bad as everyone says it is but that's still no reason to buy it after 15h of game play i got stuck and cant proceed anymore
76561198055990358,Not Recommended,232810,8752825,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,fallujahveteran,"I just stand there the entire time watcing two women hit a large rock, and then I run out of red ball stuff so I cannot even move  any land."
76561198053055395,Not Recommended,232810,8790079,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,captain-mills,"This game isn't worth a penny. There is almost zero gameplay. It's boring, it's not at all like it's advertised. It sucks. Don't waste your money on it"
76561198121717916,Not Recommended,232810,8790137,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,shawn.white9451,"So far this is one of the worst games I've ever played. I feel like I've totally wasted 30hrs playing it. I was really excited at first, but the game is more of a see how fast you can click the mouse then any actual skill. I've hit a wall now and can't seem to advance any further. I would not recommend this game in it's current state. Maybe when it's finished it will have a little more depth, but currently it's not worth playing even if it were free."
,Not Recommended,232810,14455924,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Helisium,"According to an article posted on RPS, Peter Molyneux has already moved the majority of the 22cans developers into another game called ""the trial"".GODUS IS STILL IN EARLY ACCESS!If that's not a middle finger to everyone that has bought this game I don't know what is."
76561198111974063,Not Recommended,232810,9967491,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,bobbycraig213,I was playing it one day an I lost my whole world after 75 hours.... so I had to start from the beginning and try to playing it again didn't get very far because my people would not build anyone and got stuck in limbo couldn't get any farther in the game it kept asking me to click on a chest that doesn't exist and I can't do anything but move sand around.... would not reconomend this game until its out of beta try to contact steam nogo try to contact 22cans nogo if you get stuck oh well. very disapointed I had real hope in this game
76561198090953300,Not Recommended,232810,9965880,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Stephen0527,"Really disapointed.  When I first saw the game and saw what it is, I thought, heck, I rule a populace, get food, build shrines to my power, basically play god.  Yet it turns out to be a multiplayer card game.  Truly all it is, is a landscaping game where people expand by themselves, and involves a strange card system."
76561197979109972,Not Recommended,232810,9968796,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Ayhak,"Boring,I loved populas and black and white. I tried this a couple of times and all I can say is it just isnt fun. The graphics are wonderful but the gameplay is just recursive and unexciting.Maybe next time"
,Not Recommended,232810,9970318,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Stelio Kontos,"If you value your sanity avoid this game, the Ai is infuriating, the controls being  mouse only is primitive and inaccurate and the tedium of having to collect faith is enough to drive even the most patient gamer to madness this is a game that needs to be encased in lead and thrown into the depths of Tartarus, it needs to be pecked to death by crows and burnt at the stake honestly for a game that came from the mind that created Dungeon keeper and Populous  I expected better, yes its in beta but that doesn’t excuse the fact that it fails at a very basic level after all who wants to play a game that has you wait 15hours to build a beacon so that you can advance (and thats 15 hours irl not every hour is a minute and just an fyi the game has to be on for the timer to go down) this needs a complete overhaul and needs to be rebuilt from the ground up and for the love of god someone needs to fix the followers ai they're like lemmings except more suicidal."
,Not Recommended,232810,14508472,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Jogaklaa,The picture representing this game says it all. There is a fire(this game) that the character in the foreground (aka developer) is ignoring. What more is there to say.
76561197970413755,Not Recommended,232810,24988789,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Blake,"Very basic, very boring, very bland graphically.  Black and white 2, is better than this. A black and white 3 would have been a better choice of god-game to create and develop."
,Not Recommended,232810,24993026,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Kauyon,And to think I paid ACTUAL MONEY for this. Shame on me.
,Not Recommended,232810,24994459,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Rhodes,"I just can't seem to get ""into"" this game.I'm guiding my religious cult of lemmings who are building housing in random places.And that's just about all it is."
,Not Recommended,232810,9612974,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,D3ADBULL,"Bought the game, installed the game and it refuses to start up. Constant crashing with no solution. Unacceptable, especially considering there is no means of getting a refund. DO NOT BUY"
76561197983740606,Not Recommended,232810,10088619,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Bjoern,"I write this at a point where the game states to be 49% complete. For the record, I am one of the three people in the world who actually loved Black&White and also thought that Black&White 2, despite its numerous flaws when compared to the original, was a decent game.Long story short - Godus, in its current state (ignoring the lacking features and gamebreaking bugs, and focussing entirely on the gameplay as it is right now) is absolutely atrocious and far, FAR worse than Black&White 2.Short story long:As several other reviewers already wrote, it plays like a cow-clicker. You are tasked with flattening a little land here and there until your (dumb as hell) followers realize that it's big enough to build a house there (and apparently, every house gets to a have a gigantic barren backyard). Since this task requires faith, produced by your followers, you have to get them to produce it (since it's produced by what the game calls ""Breeders"", I assume that, for you, even simple shouts ""OH MY GOD!"" spouted during sex count as prayers) and collect it... by clicking each. And. Every. House. Everywhere.Which already points to a first flaw in the design - There's nothing to do. It's a terrain-flattening simulator, combined with a chest-finding-and-clicking simulator and a house-clicking simulator, which, to me, sounds like a waste of time. Simulator.Granted, Black&White didn't features too much interaction with the terrain, so maybe I'm just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off by it being different, right? Wrong. I would have loved something like this in Black&White. Problem is, this game is missing everything else. Like, literally, EVERYTHING else. There is just no game to be found here.The creature, which was adorable and dumb, usually messed things up, ran to the enemy and got itself killed, in both games. But that gave you something to do, something to worry about, something to deal with on the fly. Godus has nothing of the sort.You might say: ""But you didn't want to judge it based on features that aren't there!"" Right, but what about the features that are? This, by no means, reflects the final state or quality of the game, but if you take the things that exist at face-value and scrutinize them as game mechanics, on their own and combined with others, they are still awful and have little to no place in a non-casual (non-facebook or -mobile) game.Graphics and design, well, to each their own. I personally don't like the design decisions that were made here but I understand that the design was made to fit the gameplay. Since I would argue that the gameplay (if existant) is dreadful, I see no redeeming points to justify the low-fidelity art style and models.I don't usually judge a game based on its looks but, really, to me, this looks pretty lazy. And I say that because, if simplicity and giving the player an immediate and clear overview was the main intention of the devs here, the design fails. The player's inability to rotate the camera (!) [which may get fixed in the future], the clunky trees, the houses, the clipping... Let's just say that it's quite a mess and I would have expected better.Now, for the BIGGEST issue - actually, let's call it insult: The feel of the game.Remember how I said I loved Black&White 1 and 2? I do for a very special reason: They made you FEEL like a god. #2 less so than #1 but still. You were a god. You decided where they built that house (with restrictions which made the building system clunky, but at least you weren't submitted to the randomness of Godus). You had a reasonable, if at times stupid, progression system that didn't send you on fool's errands across the land to find hidden chests in a repulsive landscape or even to solve ridiculously easy and insanely boring puzzles (at least the puzzles and quests in B&W 1 and 2 had some character and challenge to them, most of the time, although some of them were stupid, too). The faith system was simple, yet effective. Your followers were dumb, but managable. The resource system was simplistic but it did the job. Most importantly, however:You were free to kill them.Did that follower tick you off by running around like an idiot instead of doing his job? Take him and throw him into the ocean. That not good enough? Take him, throw him against that mountain once or twice, than skillfully throw him so that his corpse comes to a halt at his wife's feet. Or test your bowling skills and see how many of his fellow villagers will fly with him.Did the entire village tick you off? Burn it to the ground. Crush them with boulders. Zap them, send storms their way, summon a small frickin' nuclear blast from Heaven, but first sacrifice their children to get enough faith to do it! Then, let your creature eat the survivers and take a crap on the last survivor before you send him to live in your other village.See my point? You were free to be an angry god, a devil that cruelly punished his followers for no reason at all. Or you could just manage their lives. You could wage war against your enemies while protecting your own OR you could wage war while killing your people at a slightly slower pace OR you could be nice to everybody (... ya hippie).THIS is what Black & White 2 did wrong - It took away from your possibilities instead of adding to them. It gave you less ways of messing everything up instead of more.And this is why Godus is failing, too: Instead of taking a step back and looking at Populous and Black & White and other developments in this genre and combining them to something amazing, Peter Molyneux literally took a ""step back"", turning Godus into a bare-bones copy of Populous, ignoring the advances that have been made in the last twenty years.Godus, or any other TRUE god game, should be something between Black&White 1 and 2, From Dust and maybe a little Dungeon Keeper (1) for good measure. The Populous formula simply won't do anymore. Games have evolved since then, for better and for worse.Unless 22 Cans decides to make absolutely radical changes to the game, essentially abandoning what they have done so far and starting with a clean slate and an open mind, I'm afraid that Godus will be yet another disappointing game by Peter Molyneux; worse still, it may very well extinguish any goodwill left for his projects and promises and I cannot imagine a team of his doing well on future crowdfunding runs, if Godus fails.(It hurts me to write all this. I really believed in Peter Molyneux at some point. I remember seeing videos of his first presentations of Black&White, back in the day. And, while it wasn't THAT good, it was still a good game. I wonder, where did that guy go who promised the world and then delivered on at least half of his promises? Where's the man who, despite its shortcomings, made Fable a good game? Where is that man and why doesn't he stop trying to bring about the next revolution in PC gaming and, instead, takes a look at what he already did well and what he messed up in his past games and tries to make a better game from that?)Verdict: AVOID AT ALL COST; come back in a few months and see if they made a game by then."
,Not Recommended,232810,9615341,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,HistoryLass,Way to Much Like a facebook game it could of been great if made differently but it wasnt and is not as good as i had hoped and would not recomend this game unless you like the facebook games that are as boring as hell.
76561198086889277,Not Recommended,232810,8408820,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Zavrose,It got boring really fast and the treasure chests were way too hard to get to without ♥♥♥♥ing up the landscape and making it look ugly. Felt like a free city building app on the appstore like Clash of Clans only ♥♥♥♥♥ier. Not worth the money.
76561197997357914,Not Recommended,232810,10617978,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,jezzjoker,"Got this game a while ago. I was really excited at the concept and loved it at first. Now its just bland, buggy and boring. Its such a shame. If this ends up Free to Play, I will regret having spent money on it, regardless of how it may have progressed the games developement. If you want to try it for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles, go ahead, but be warned it will probably be a regret later on down the track."
76561198042044175,Not Recommended,232810,16510598,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,underblackskies,"You know, I was always a fan of pter molyneaux's games. (or however you spell his name he's lost enough respect with me that i actually hope i butchered it) I have hours and hours on record for this game mostly cuz it was so god damned boring I fell asleep a few times with it running. Don't let the screenshots fool you! There are no ""god powers"", the little people that run around have no AI, you can barely get one to move from one place to another without them getting lost. Forget about it if they have to go over a hill. The biggest part about this game for the past 2 years has been the most akward terrain movement mechanic that is used ALL THE TIME, and it sucks. they couldn't even get the most basic part of this game right. The best thing about godus for me has been the updates on who has quit and where they went to work so i know where else besides 22 cans NOT to buy a game thanks♥♥♥♥♥♥ sorry..... Peter which is just like a smaller♥♥♥♥♥♥OH! One last thing! Populous 3 looked better than this crap. Just sayin. It's 2015 Peter. Get with the times you pathological lying piece of detritus."
,Not Recommended,232810,10693519,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kuurbis,"Godus is the biggest regret of a purchase I have ever made (as far as video games are concerned, at least, but it's pretty high up there for money spent on♥♥♥♥♥♥.Firstly, had I actually been aware of Molyneux's reputation, I wouldn't have touched the damn thing with a 10ft pole. His RPS interview reads like a whiny child got caught doing something bad, and when attempts to reprimand him and hold him responsible are made, he alternates between denying everything, admitting fault and trying to guilt people into feeling bad for him, and accusing the accusers of being horrible, spiteful people. This is the pattern of an emotionally manipulative jerk, and I have zero tolerance for people like that. I wish I had never handed him a cent.The game is late, broken, missing features, has no fun mechanics at all, and feels like a huge waste of time. In fact, that's the only reason I have so many hours logged (and boy do I wish I was doing some other time-wasting activity for that massive chunk of my life.), because I had nothing left to do and needed a mindless time-waster to occupy myself with while I zoned out and tried not to think very hard about anything.I really did want to like Godus. I love terraforming games (the multiplayer map from Wesnoth that has terraforming, for example, is my favorite of all the maps and gameplay modes available, and I still find myself going back to Minecraft every once in awhile for something a little more simple.) and this promises terraforming. Does it give me that? Sorta. I guess. With a catch. With several catches, actually. You can only terraform if you unlock these collectables and collect this collectable from these collectables made by those collectables, and collect those collectables to unlock more collectables and so on and so on and so on.Call it Sticker Collection Simulator: 3015 (because that's when the game will finally ♥♥♥♥ing be done, if they don't abandon it outright first) and that would be a more honest and accurate title for this complete pile of garbage.Do not buy it. Do not think hopeful thoughts about it. If you ever see Molyneux so much as sniff in the direction of a game you think you would like, run screaming as fast as your strangely shaped nerd legs can carry you in the opposite direction and pray it never finds you."
,Not Recommended,232810,10002470,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Sleeperhit,seven minute already done...
,Not Recommended,232810,9981400,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,JPP-PixelRunner,♥♥♥♥
76561198029737538,Not Recommended,232810,9611430,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Pungee,"Godus has been redone and is now in Beta 2.2. Even with the changes that have been made, I still don't recommend it. Most of it centers around micromanagement. It takes ages to unlock any god powers worth using. One mistake early on leaves you crippled in the next phases of the game. The follower AI is truly dumb and requires constant 'sculpting' that costs belief in order to get the followers to navigate through the land. The game discourages you from being a ""bad"" god by taking away your followers, leaving you less belief to accomplish things and preventing you from gaining new ""cards"" that advance your followers or your god powers.The ""voyages"" system is generally irritating as well as not nearly rewarding enough for the frustration. Think lemmings, but in 3D and with less control."
,Not Recommended,232810,10592940,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Perfectly Respectable Name*:・ﾟ✧,"Thought this would be a god game... placing buildings, leading your villagers, protecting them from harm, etc. What this game actually is (other than a waste of money) CLICK AND DRAG THE LAND so there's more room for your villagers to build more houses. Cover everything in houses. How do you advance? Drag the land to create more houses (that the villagers build themselves) Click on chests to unlock little cards that do nothing.If you want a game that's fun, do not buy this game. This is a land-dragging game and a click-the-hidden-treasure-chest game.None of the mechanics are fun."
,Not Recommended,232810,10539652,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Ruein,"While the game has a lot of potential, it ends up devolving into more of a clickfest than any ARPG around. My hand actually got physically tired from playing. Most of the time I sat around, click spamming and waiting for something more interesting to happen."
76561197969702076,Not Recommended,232810,10545484,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,MisterFlibble,"I would really like to like this, and the concept is good, but in practice it's super buggy and janky and unbalanced and frustrating right now (June 2014). I would wait."
,Not Recommended,232810,13833028,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Nyctinus,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEStill in early access this game has reached a standstill. In my opinion, 22Cans is a pretty terrible game dev team. Before godus, they created 'Curiosity'; A game where you would tap on a cube to break into it, and the person who destroys the last segment, was promised a ""Life Changing"" Reward. Now over a year later the guy who won the game has still not recived his 'Life Changing' Reward. 22Cans seems to have forgotten him.You can read more herehttp://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2015-02-11-the-god-who-peter-molyneux-forgotI realy regret buying this game, i had no idea that things could be this bad. Sirusly, don't buy this unless you want to support Peter Molyneux, the biggest lier in gaming history."
,Not Recommended,232810,14475679,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Gnikrutuf,"There you go, another crowdfunded, early access game that won't acheive what was promised...."
,Not Recommended,232810,14479719,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Matt Harris,"Selling the promises of a populous based game but with more in depth god powers, intelligent AI of your people & a sense of a community that will slowly build its self up from the bottom... To me really built up the image of a perfect game.How disappointed am i... You personally have lost your direction, this game has always felt like a mobile game, with the timers & the gems but you promised us from the start that it will never become a pay to gain game! You then stab all your PC fans in the back by putting all your efforts on a IOS & Android version of the game. You need to remember we kick started your game in the promise that we will be presented with a full copy of a PC game.I shall not be buying another game from 22 cans."
,Not Recommended,232810,22617792,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Tanklxx,Like a bad version of black and white.
76561198023661742,Not Recommended,232810,24421841,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Collgriff,"""s3e application launcher has stopped working""The game is unplayable and has been for a long time now due to persistent crashing.About every 5 minutes or so it will stop and give the above s3e message.I have spent hours trying all the fixes suggested online but there is no fix.The developers appear to be doing nothing about it and steam won't offer a refund, i've asked.The game shoud not be on sale until this bug is fixed and you should protest by not buying it.I will change this review once the bug is fixed as it is a great game and i've enjoyed playing what i've been able to experience."
76561198061791514,Not Recommended,232810,24418892,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,DEUS VULT,I HATE THIS GAME PETER MOLYNEUX IS A LIARDO NOT BUY THIS GAME EVEN IF IT GOES ON SALE ITS THAT BAD
,Not Recommended,232810,24464374,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Yay992,"Even if this game was on sale and dropped down to 50 cents, it wouldn't be worth it. Peter Molyneux is a scumbag that lured in people with a promising kickstarter, then used all that money to create a money-scraping iPhone/iPad version, while dumping the PC version to modders. And then, 2 years later, they release another version of the game, just to get even MORE money. This game is False Advertisement at it finest, but nobody is able to get a refund because the scumbags at 22cans used Early Access as cover. They've even admitted that 90% of, if not all, of the kickstarter promises will not be fufilled.TL;DR: 22cans is full of thieving scumbags, this game is abandonware, don't touch with a 10ft pole."
,Not Recommended,232810,23936216,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Interloping Egret,"Really, it's my fault for believing Molyneux. Can't really blame anyone for that but myself. That said, if you want to buy a blank, clunky game that was clearly designed to nickle and dime you to death, then Godus is for you!"
76561198092549211,Not Recommended,232810,23945885,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Ugly_uck,"I thought this would be fun and challenging. Instead it feels like a click based game that has no point. The tutorial is really slow, and it starts with the developers commentary that just is annoying. If you want to play with land and all that.... Overall I'm sad... and wasted what felt like 3 hours of poorly organized tutorial and gameplay....Seriously, where's the challenge in this game? Pointless."
,Not Recommended,232810,20429828,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,auguris,"This game is never going to be finished, and in it's current state is too buggy to enjoy."
76561198023314797,Not Recommended,232810,9556148,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,BrickMurder,"This game is nothing but a scam. False advertising leads you to believe this game is following in the footsteps of other great god games, with magic and battles ect. This game is nothing more than a harvesting game, with no tutorial, or any frigging way of finding out what to do. Move dirt around and pop bubbles for hours until it dawns on you that these people are laughing all the way to the bank. FALSE ADVERTISING MONEY MaKING BOONDOGGLE"
,Not Recommended,232810,13493114,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,exrobite,The game will break if you start a new game.
,Not Recommended,232810,24045945,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,NanoByteGhost,Where did Godus go wrong ?It is a grinder game and grinding without reward is not fun.Thats pretty much it.
,Not Recommended,232810,24049298,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Ichabong Crane,"Hell no, do not buy this game. I spent ten dollars on it in early access and it seems like the publisher just took everyone's money and put out an unfinished game. Then just did it again with Godus Wars. Don't support this game or this company, they are bad and I regret giving them a dime, let alone one hundred dimes."
76561198122748283,Not Recommended,232810,24003102,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Rekler02,This game hasnt seemed to go pasted the loading page once opened. Quiet sad really i was looking forward to playing it and Im not sure what the problem is or if anyone else has this issue... It just shows the 22Cans loading page.
,Not Recommended,232810,14517559,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Moving20,"I have put 80+ hours into Godus and without a doubt I can say do not buy this game. While i'm still hopeful Godus will become what we were told it would be I recommend not putting money down on this sorry excuse for a game. While of course there are parts that are enjoyable,  in between spans  hours of waiting. Also the main selling point of the multiplayer at the moment is none existent. Maybe in 6-12 months everything will have turned around and the game will be great, but I only hope this because I was blinded enough by the idea of what it could be, to put the money down. Until then, if ever, keep your distance."
,Not Recommended,232810,9909225,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,nixx,edit:at the begening this was a beatfuil game with alot of promise but as it seems progress has stoped the devolpers seem to have taken our money and run off do not buy this game you will be very disapointed
76561198042449948,Not Recommended,232810,8402329,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bittz,"I hate to give bad reviews to games but this is not good. The Idea and concept is what drew me into buying this game but in the short time i have been playing this It has bored me, also with the item on Steam sale at £7.49 In my opinion its a waste of money... I can only think of the other top games that I could have got instead... This game belongs in the Under £4 section and like others have said it also belongs on Facebook where the teen girls and couch potato mothers can sit and click endlessly at the screen...Its BORING...Thats all there is to it... click click click , move space for more buildings and click click click... Not good...I would give this 4/10 for the concept and ease of play but thats all..."
76561198014229112,Not Recommended,232810,14869832,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Loofen,There was a time long ago when i had plenty of cash and on impulse bought al kinds of random stuff. This random impulse purchase however is the only one I regrett. 10/10 Peters would make sh*t again.
,Not Recommended,232810,7620888,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,demo,"Game is 53% done (officially), after nearly four years in ""early access"", but is actually dead and abandoned.I actually liked this game when it was released and played it a lot, but every time it was updated it changed and not for the better. The bugs increased and the game changed from a PC game to what now looks like a badly ported mobile game. (After its last update in june 2016, I haven`t even been able to run it without a five minute wait as it starts up. When it does start, it inevitably crashes after a few minutes play time). I keep coming back to see if anythings changed but it is increasingly obvious that nobody is working on it and nobody ever will.In its present condition, this game is worthless, and certainly not worth the £10.99 price tag, with or without the equally flawed Godus Wars game it`s being offered with.A perfect example of a games studio that took the money, then ran off abandoning their game. It couldn`t be clearer that they don`t give a flying ♥♥♥♥ about their customers, this game is a collective ""♥♥♥♥ you"" to everybody who invested in it."
76561198037891363,Not Recommended,232810,31961891,Posted: 25 May,all,TKozlows,"It's a Peter Molyneux game. If there is anything I have learned from his games it is this: Do not for the love of whatever god you believe in, buy it. I know I wouldn't have if I had known back when I bought it. Sadly I saw it in the green light projects way back when and liked the concept. Should have dug deeper."
,Not Recommended,232810,14560367,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Daddy Walrus,♥♥♥♥ this game and especially ♥♥♥♥ steam early access
76561197971132408,Not Recommended,232810,14567334,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Dracula's_Teeth,"Things like this are going to kill PC gaming.  Early access, take the money and run type situations like this are starting to stain the landscape.Once a developer has sold all copies of early access there is no incentive to finish a game, and that is what has happened here and elsewhere.   Why do the work when you've already been paid 100% up front?Game will not be finished.  They took the money and removed all but a couple of programmers from the game.  Peter Molyneux should be absolutely ashamed of what he has become.Charging people for something you do not intend to finish is stealing."
,Not Recommended,232810,20410319,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Harmy,Ironically to the title: this game is proof that there cannot be a god.It is inherently designed to have more microtransactions than a store for ants.
,Not Recommended,232810,13659706,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,SirKenneth,"I can't see any reason to buy this 'game'. Even if it 's free one day, don't waste your HD-space on this. I regret paying for it, every time I see the logo of Godus somewhere on steam. It's not fun to play, rather a frustrating clickfest."
,Not Recommended,232810,23649254,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Bowdens,"Forget missing features and broken promises; as of right not, the game wont even start."
76561198147963209,Not Recommended,232810,25662989,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,yellow$$gangsta,first 70 hours were fun but than the game started to crash on startonce was a great game came crashing down.
,Not Recommended,232810,28665705,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Scypher,"Buying this game three years ago I was very hopeful to see a new take on the classic game POPULOUS, a interesting game whereby the players are able to influence their followers to beat the opposing team via terrain manipulation and other powers. I was truly excited to see the modern version of this game as I had, at the time, seen games where RTS games featured planetary conquest. After seeing this I was very excited to see what GODUS would feature and the idea of an MMO.At first I thought the game was fun in the first few sessions but as time went on it was pretty obvious in about 3 hours of gameplay I found that the gameplay was rapidly degenerating into busy work and boredom. I gave the game a few more tries and then set it aside to wait for the game to be worked on. I thought that the art work and the promises assuring, along with Molyneux being in charge it was bound to get better. Oh was I wrong.Well three years later, two major patches later,  and I can tell that nothing substantial has been added. The war mechanic was fun for about an hour and then becomes really dull. It just made the game all the more disappointing as it just reinforced the simplistic garbage that is made for phones.I also read on the game's RECENT NEWS tab that there is no release date and that it isn't clear who is still working on this project anymore as the lead developer decided to leave. The fact that the game isn't finished four years later is just unacceptable. I certainly hope the developers will finish this game in whatever state it is and move on to something else to which I wish the best of luck after all this Godus debacle."
,Not Recommended,232810,28734076,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Rovaylia,"I used to love the concept for this game however it never lived up to my expectations. There was a Lack of communication from devs, with no actual game updates in a very long time.The game itself is more unstable and has less features than when I originally brought it.It has become a barely working 'dig/sculpt for cards' game with a lack of things to do to bring me back to play more.This game had potential but it seems asthough it has been abandoned and is not worth the price in it's current state - a state in which it may not ever leave and often wont even load properly."
76561198088399357,Not Recommended,232810,26135084,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Shin Chan,"bought this game september 2013still boring in 2016payed about 20 euro's i believesame amount i payed for a top game like factorio, also early acces.totally fooled us. it's ...embarrassinghow come they get away with this???"
76561197993463728,Not Recommended,232810,26517971,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Karnivool,Game is abandoned dont buy it no matter how cheap
,Not Recommended,232810,25420542,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,#gc(),Broken by design and a total rip-off.https://www.reddit.com/r/GODUS/comments/44pjk6/how_to_remove_godus_and_godus_wars_from_your/
76561197978061281,Not Recommended,232810,25729913,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Hanith,"I bought this game shortly after it was announced on Steam. It has gone through many stages since then. Early on, it had alot of potential. Each major development reduced that potential however.First, development focussed on ""sculpting"". This was altering the terrain to make it pretty. Build mountains / valleys. Unfortunately, there was no benefit to this. The only time scultping was beneficial was to make ""parking lots"" so people could build houses. Trees, rocks, hills, rivers, lakes, and valleys did nothing but reduce how many houses would be built; obsticles to be removed. The game rewarded the player for making the world mundane.Second, development wanted to add in progression. It was decided to implement this by having players collect stickers from chests scattered around the world. To collect stickers, one had to find a chest that was either buried, on a hill, or hidden in trees or rocks. More forests were cleared, hills were flattened, and buried treasure dug up and the holes again filled in. Thousands of clicks for the simple task of a never-ending fetch-quest. Mandatory to progress.Third, development pushed toward collecting more IRL money. ""Gems"" were added and could be purchased to speed the now reduced belief generation, produce random stickers, or make ""sculpting"" more efficient for a short time. Spend real money to make mundane gameplay faster, not more interesting. The games slipped into the realm of ""Freemium""; but you had to buy it first.Forth, ""cities"" were added. These were ""miracles"" that clumped existing houses together. Some cities produced ""resources"". The resources could not be spent and were not produced, they simply existed once built. Instead, they worked like level requirements or keys to unlock more levels of progression. IE ""To advance, you need 4 farms"".Currently, game development is all but abandonded. I expect this to end similar to StarForged. The heads at the dev studio will declare the game finished and leave the 1/2 finished game.To those looking for a good God Game, I would suggest Black & White or Black & White 2. Not this ""Freemium"" excuse for a game."
76561198053168857,Not Recommended,232810,28733471,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,MegaLlama,Never Again
,Not Recommended,232810,29863266,Posted: 11 February,all,Endspire,"I had a lot of fun with this game before the big ""game changing"" patch. Such a huge letdown and a failure to be quite honest. I don't even think they support this game anymore, and if they do, they don't care what their community thinks.If you can get the game on sale for maybe $1.99 go for it, otherwise don't bother.Game had such potential too, it's shameful."
76561197972256161,Not Recommended,232810,29643094,Posted: 1 February,all,Sigor,"Abandoned and not recomended !!Nice Idea, nice early access game which i  followed for quite a time but no more improvements.Product should be taken out of shop!!"
76561197987244242,Not Recommended,232810,26087980,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,CrimsonPride,"Peter Molyneaux Must Die!Virtually speaking of course.Godus was so much fun early on, and even later into then development, and then poof, it was like it was magically♥♥♥♥♥♥raped into oblivion as the red-headed stepchild of satan himself. And I dont even believe in satan.I dont know what happened to the game, or why Peter/22 cans betrayed his PC following, but it looks heavy of scam from my view across the pond. With apparently no word or open statement, I dont think this man or his company can be trusted. I would urge Steam to ban him from releasing anything EA on steam ever again, or at the very least, call for a boycott of all their products from every PC gamer on the planet. Probably wont happen, but here's hoping...There is no point in writing this review now, I am doing it more for the therapeutic effect, because every time I see Godus listed in my Steam Library a small kitten in Persia dies. 'nuff said."
76561198024998369,Not Recommended,232810,28758578,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,AngryLemon,"Godus had a ton of potential. It's a shame 22Cans has decided to take the money and run. I enjoyed the beta test, but you can only kick a desiccated corpse so many times before it stops being fun."
,Not Recommended,232810,25405780,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,atm256,Long and borning gameplay.
76561198003267156,Not Recommended,232810,25464143,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,TheBaron,"This ""game"" should be the poster child as to why you shouldnt support unfinished games. Not worth paying for."
,Not Recommended,232810,21021863,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,jamesmurray33,"I have played a good chunk of hours with Godus. At first, it is highly addictive. You get to discover new areas, sculpt land to live on and watch your cities grow, but thats about all you can do. The first 10 hours is just grinding and following along with the guided story after that more grinding to get to that 'just out of reach' next tech level to advance the story only to find out you need three or four more 'level-ups' before any progress can be made.I bought this game when it was first released hoping for a decent population control sim with RTS subtleties. But thats about it, horrible AI and an unrewarding leveling system that stresses grinding and saving is not fun."
76561198036273064,Not Recommended,232810,25724135,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Relik,"I rarely write reviews, but this was a total waste of money.  If the developer had listened to community feedback this could have gone very differently."
,Not Recommended,232810,25762795,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,iPinchMyNipps,This game is the reason why I'll never buy anything on Early Access ever again.
76561197968132580,Not Recommended,232810,25707611,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,NilartPax,Unfinished after several years.  This is abandonware - Do NOT Purchase!
,Not Recommended,232810,15756455,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,playerone,I am disappointed.
76561198032226098,Not Recommended,232810,8417749,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Swae Lee,"Don't get this waste of money. it's extremely addictive and you'll just find yourself digging land for hours. I dont feel like ""a god"" over anything except architecture over land."
76561198028278076,Not Recommended,232810,8450526,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Ben Yew,Click-fest.
,Not Recommended,232810,8436831,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Varotyk,"The game's description is misleading as this game does not seem to be a god-game in any way I'd describe it. I could see this being a $1 app for a mobile device, but trying to pass this off as some kind of full PC game worth $20 is ridiculous. I wish I had read more into this game before buying it simply trusting that it was a god-game. Save your money."
,Not Recommended,232810,14531851,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Phedg1,"This game isn't worth getting yet, and from the state that development is in, it is doubtful it ever will be. Don't buy this game yet, wait and see if it actually becomes something worth playing."
76561198020851985,Not Recommended,232810,14562478,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,<|-D Cee Mo Green,"I purchased the early access for this game because it seemed like a new concept, or at least a reimagining of the old Black and White concept.  At first it was a litte buggy, but fun, and considering it was still in Alpha development, I thought the basic play was pretty polished and smooth.  Features that weren't complete were well explained and promised to come in the next big patch.  Then the big patch came... features I liked disappeared, and ones I didn't were increased.  The resource system became more complex, which was both good and bad.  The bugs though... holy♥♥♥♥♥♥did it become buggy.  Basic features of the game like shaping the land and collecting chests became impossible when opening the game one time, and then worked again next time.  Restarting the game fixed one issue but always caused another.  Now apparently the game has been halted.  Thanks Obama."
76561197974026700,Not Recommended,232810,14565993,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Yusho,This Game shows exactly shows the wrong was to develop a game. They always added features to remove them or make them worse. What started of promising just went worse and more stupid.
,Not Recommended,232810,14584277,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Deepcage,"Im sorry i bought this, probably my last time i ever buy an early access game after seeing yet another EAG fail miserably. If you like godgames, dont buy this one!Update 2016: Still crap. Still not recommending this. Still not finished."
76561198068465411,Not Recommended,232810,16742461,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Egotistical Raven,"When I first saw the trailer for this game I thought that it looked great. I thought that there would be more to it than the trailer showed, because trailers can't show everything, right? But no, this game was only what the trailer showed. I expected a decent god game. I expected more power. I didn't expect something as great as Black And White, but I expected something better than rubbish.But in all fairness, the game is not THAT bad, but it is pretty bad.But it was early acess, so I thought to myself, ""It might get better."" So I came back to it. It got a little better, so now it is merely semi-terrible. But it still sucks a lot.This reveiw has very few facts about the game, so if you have stopped reading, I don't blame you, this reveiw probably has as much substance as the game. If you want to read about all the features of Godus, I can't help you, I stopped it from updating because it was taking up way too much space, so for all I know it could be getting better, but I already gave it its second chance and it failed."
,Not Recommended,232810,8419308,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,PublicFriendemy,"This game has great potential. BUT, at it's current state, it is a game more suited for $0.99 on an iPad. Belief, for me, has come to a total stop. I am at 1, and no belief is being produced. There is no way to restart to game, and I am stuck on the first island. This game could be good, but it needs a LOT of ironing out."
76561197999296320,Not Recommended,232810,31532289,Posted: 3 May,all,Flip,"isn't being developed anymore they didn't update the contract of lead developer, and the game lacks."
,Not Recommended,232810,29300373,Posted: 16 January,all,Larisha,The last person working on this game left in June. It isn't wholly playable in its current state and no further updates are coming.
,Not Recommended,232810,31319186,Posted: 23 April,all,Herr Karlos,Scam!
,Not Recommended,232810,29278228,Posted: 15 January,all,NDS,lies
76561197996605604,Not Recommended,232810,31606258,Posted: 7 May,all,chrisern,This never got off the ground. Shame.
76561197978631603,Not Recommended,232810,21822234,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Katrach,don´t buy it.install black and white again instead.
76561198009156203,Not Recommended,232810,21827195,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Mr. Casual,"If you are thinking about spending 15 euro on this. Make yourself a favor and by anything for 15 euro and then throw it in a lake. Its def going to be more fun and you have the chance to buy something that isnt 50% finnished in 5 years.My prognose for this game is.Last 2 years = 7% done on this game50 % left of the game to finnishget back by the year of 2116 and it might be finnished.But hey, we got the new Godus war now! so the progress might be divided by 2.2216 if you read this, im sorry for peters ♥♥♥♥♥torms"
,Not Recommended,232810,32522405,Posted: 17 June,all,Kebabfromafar,♥♥♥♥♥♥ abandonware. Dont buy it
76561197978257747,Not Recommended,232810,11940920,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,eenis,"The commentary always talks about how if you are tired of waiting for the timers (12 minutes) for your building to be complete you can always do other things in the game, like sculpt or go on a voyage. The problem is that none of these things are fun."
,Not Recommended,232810,21246944,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,panic,w
,Not Recommended,232810,14421593,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,SlowpokeIsAGamer,"Barely runs, missing features, basically been abandoned by the company.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
76561198039796635,Not Recommended,232810,29476307,Posted: 24 January,all,gabigrier,"This game is like passing by the most exquisite piece of graffiti art on the road, only to see that it's half finished...Except you paid a guy to put that art there, so instead of just being upset at a bad view, you can feel furious that the bum ran off without finishing."
76561197983039657,Not Recommended,232810,29557469,Posted: 28 January,all,Astinus,"I bought this game on early access over 3 years ago. Whens it going Gold?Godus Forever? Actually Duke Nukem did not take our money before they did not deliver a product.Fool me five times Peter, wtf is wrong with me?"
,Not Recommended,232810,34184933,Posted: 11 August,all,TheDerpy_Gamer,"This game fell short in every area it promised.The controls are still clunky and everytime I changed hard drives or got a new computer I had to start worlds from scratch wasting perhaps 10s of hours at a time.Gameplay:This game plays much like any civilization game except that it is incredibly taxing on you if you haven't played before to know what to do. In this regard there should be some way to move around houses or merge houses when better ones become available as low level buildings take up much larger amounts of space then higher levels. The game become tedious after a certain time as you have to wait for belief to gather up then wheat so you can sculpt land and build abodes. This becomes expecially repetitive when you have to look out for raids which can burn down all your buildings if you can't get rid of them.Controls:Clunkier than when the game first released. When the game first released the sculpting while only able to move smaller layers didn't feel hard to do as the game progressed much faster with builders moving and making structures much quicker and in easier placements.Mechanics:Terrible. The way land sculpting is done makes it hard to sculpt sheer cliffs because it almost always sculpts the top lay which in most cases wastes all of your available belief. The technology and belief systems in the game are horribly designed where in most cases I sacrificed my settlers to get gems which I could do to unlock sticker packs with better resources than those found in the random chests around the world. The belief system is bad in that it is no auto collected, you have to go around and manually pick up all the belief from all the houses. A much better system to these two would be in auto collecting belief and using that to unlock technologies with there being no restriction on how you could sculpt the land much like in the original versions with belief being collected much more frequently and land being much cheaper to sculpt.Overall the game made a lot of promises that it never lived up to this makes it difficult to want to play in a majority of cases, as playing a Civilisation game will give you the same experiences of having control. The game is so bad at portraying you as a benevolent god that an open-world FPS would give you a better feeling of god if you went around killing everyone and setting fire to everything."
,Not Recommended,232810,34269244,Posted: 15 August,all,Koiraliha,"I generally like these sort of games, and I was excited when I first saw the concept. Regardless of how I feel, however, there is no development. 22cans has admitted they won't be able to deliver on promises regarding this game, and the most recent news regarding the game is that the designer/developer has left the team and for whatever reason his contract was not renewed. This is abandonware."
76561198029132740,Not Recommended,232810,14418135,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Jetoilio,"This game is and, likely, forever will be in early access. Do not waste your money on this game, as you can almost definitely find something better to buy. Realistically, this game shouldn't even be listed for sale anymore. It's really only worth a couple dollars as is, certainly not the CDN$21.99 price tag."
,Not Recommended,232810,24238231,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,JoeWhizer,"I don't know, there should be a way to report such projects to Steam. Just money grabbing for nothing. They even still sell it, although the lead game designer has left the company. This is fraud, don't buy this crap.Bought it more than 2 years ago as Early Access and there's not much happened unless Moulinex was kicked out of his own company and the lead game designer Konrad has left the company. company dead, game dead - But they still sell it.....I simply would like to delete the game from my steam library....."
,Not Recommended,232810,7848404,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Richard the Lion Heart,"Godus v2.0 still sucks. Its supposed to feel ""delicious"" now but I disagree. They definitely improved it thats for sure but its still not worth 20$. You don't have to click on every house for belief now but instead drag your mouse over all of them collecting the belief. This is better than before but if it auto-collected for you that would make it a LOT better. Then I'm not really sure who they hired but they have quite a few spelling mistakes in this game. I excuse civilisation because that is real spelling of the word but if you look on your adobe's they say they PREY to you.My followers are preying to me? I am(asdictionary.comsays) an animal hunted or seized for food, especially by a carnivorous animal? If so call the police because we have a cannibalistic carnivorous animal who wants us to buy his game. The game is only worth about $5.00 on a good day. You might have more fun with a mobile game though.Edit: It's close to a YEAR later and hardly any significant progress has ben made. In fact the team has almost fallen apart by this point. A reminder why to not EVER buy early access games unless you find them enjoyable already.Edit: Its close to TWO YEARS later. Hardly any progress has been yet made. They have now scrapped Godus and are working on ""Godus Wars"".Edit: It's THREE YEARS later and the game is still garbage and now has nobody working on it. Godus Wars was a failed attempt to sweep the bad reviews of this game away."
,Not Recommended,232810,32569883,Posted: 19 June,all,nightmare404x,"I was giving it a fair amount of time before I wrote a review for it to come out of early access, but since it's been 4 years (and the game still isn't that great), I feel justified in giving it one. Don't buy this game."
76561198021145957,Not Recommended,232810,23628181,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Pocketwatch,I feel ashamed to have this in my library
76561198128025435,Not Recommended,232810,12797667,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,jblackwell072588,"I highly recommend passing on this game. It states from a very early point that you need to spend your ""free time"" hunting chests and doing voyages. Well within the first 15 or so hours I no longer had a Voyage available (how bout archiving the old ones for those of us that just got in), and the chest respawns had slowed to a crawl or were under abodes/settlements. Further the happiness system seems shot, I beautify all of my followers and swamp the Astari, I'm at max happiness they are at 0, and yet when I turn the game back on I've lost 3 followers because they are happier than me again. And then to really top the whole thing off, there seems to have been some update this week which has burned my copy of the game. They had finally put in a new Voyage, and after beating the first level my game crashed. Now whenever I try to launch the game, either from my desktop or from Steam, I get a popup box that says its launching but keeps disappearing and reappearing; the game never launches even if I let it go for an hour. All in all I would pass on this game, if not entirely then at least until it has a full release and doesn't have aweful bugs. I wish I could get credit or a refund back because this whole ordeal has been a serious pain in the♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198026658602,Not Recommended,232810,12645405,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Narik,"It has good material... unfortunately after so long, it seems this game will never be completed."
76561197975882331,Not Recommended,232810,12808740,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,OrangeKnight,"I bought this game on early access thinking it would get better over time,it didn't. There has been no updates in the last 14 months.This would not be a problem had the game been ok to start with. It started off simple, as all civilization building games do. And then it stayed simple...and boring. And got more boring as it went along.This game has promise, but it is unforefilled. It has become just another game in a long line of steam's ""Early access"" games where the developer pushes something half finished, pockets our money...and runs"
76561198031441685,Not Recommended,232810,12809108,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,sammyson9,"Stupid game its not a city builder, you have no control over where you build, thay have fake players in multiplayer."
76561198029377643,Not Recommended,232810,13153313,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Assmonkey,"The inability to just start over is frustrating, play is far too linear for my taste, some goals/missions are just plain annoying to even try to complete.  I would not say I ""hate"" it but meh, I would not buy it knowing what I do now.  Very disappoointed overall."
,Not Recommended,232810,13189186,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Son Goku,"This game is devoloped to test people patience. Trying to get god powers is boring. Sculpt earth, find place to build houses and this's going on and on. As a god game, Godus doesn't satisfy my ego and also it isn't good sim game."
76561198031514421,Not Recommended,232810,13187297,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Moon Moon,"As it stands at the moment, I can't recommend this game. With the newest update it feels less like a mobile game, yet that's not gone yet. Hopefully they keep on listening to what will make this game great, the potential is there."
,Not Recommended,232810,14353795,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Revolting Slob,"The biggest disappointment I've had with a Steam purchase and the perfect example of how flawed Steam's ""Early Access"" system is."
76561198014423657,Not Recommended,232810,14456169,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Frios,"It was an interesting idea and mildly fun game for a couple of hours. Then a few YEARS went by with no real developments... Abandoned by its creators, buying this game that has been in early access hell for way too long is a waste of your time and money."
76561198073320298,Not Recommended,232810,14432486,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Shnazyblue,When i first saw the game come out the reviews were nearly all positive. It seemed like a good game and i had high hopes for it. When you load up the game it shows the progress of development on the game like that it is 51% finished and other things. Fast forward 3 years nothing has changed and im afraid this game is ultimatly doomed. It is still a very fun game and the ideas behind it and what could have been in it are great but no point in paying for a game that will never be finished.
76561197970293432,Not Recommended,232810,14417784,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Abecedarius Rex,"I got Molyneux'd again! Don't buy this game. It's another story of Developer lies about what they are going to make, gets a bunch of money from fans, then quits the game before it is finished."
,Not Recommended,232810,14449400,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Novamonk,"It is an interesting concept, but the continued lack of execution by the developer leaves the final product in doubt.  There are better games that deserve a look.  Save your time and money."
,Not Recommended,232810,12229437,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Medieval_Man,"I would have preferred a re-release of black and white. I used to be able to say I've never played farmville, I can't say that anymore."
76561198017932068,Not Recommended,232810,26106048,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,rukkirääk,"I bought this game just because Peter Molyneux was mentioned as a designer. Most likely they keep him captive in a cellar, and he tries to tell us something by producing this game. Most likely it's ‘♥♥♥♥, I'm in deep♥♥♥♥♥♥’"
76561198028144236,Not Recommended,232810,12643266,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Jeragen,"Did you love Black and White? Did you think Black and White 2 was a step in the wrong direction?If so, then you'll definitely hate Godus as much as the rest of us.Lot of potential. Very poor excecution."
76561198120050108,Not Recommended,232810,12834442,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,xidore,Liked the earlier access version moreKinda feels super grindy now.Has all thehallmarks of a needy f2p game (not surprised as it is exactly that for iOS so the mechanics here are basically time wasting)
76561198032136617,Not Recommended,232810,26229847,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,adzhan,Bad and now without support...
,Not Recommended,232810,27489586,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Vinyl Looney,"While having some good mechanics it`s repetitive, you`ll ""move"" dirt most of the time"
,Not Recommended,232810,21185239,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,MJeevas,"I was really hoping for something stronger than this. The game was supposed to be somewhat of a reinvention of the Populous series (a great set of games). If I had to sum this game up in one word, it would be boring (albeit nothing like Populous). I bought it assuming I really was getting ""early access."" Instead, it hasn't changed since then, making the ""early access"" a falsely advertised final product. I recommend avoiding this game. It's not worth your time or money."
76561198030351728,Not Recommended,232810,21214839,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,SITHQUEEN,"The developer for this game promised this big, world created god-mode game. Despite being out for quite a long time, the game remains VERY unfinished, making playing it unrewarding to the point of a waste of time. Progression for fixing anything about the game seems minimal, and while they do not appear to be saying it, the game seems abandoned.As fun as the sculpting can be, it can be overly sensative to the point of significant waste.The progression of the game is tedius, with ""new abilities"" not really being useful or irrelevant by the time you get them.TLDR; the game is dead, we will be getting no updates or bug fixes, do not buy."
76561197963597446,Not Recommended,232810,21212955,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Danismyname,"This was an early access game that promised certain features and then had its development stopped never fullfilling its promises. Then I look recently and see that there's a new early access game for $15 that makes the same promises, seems to be a build off the original base, and NOT given to the people the purchased Godus.This is disrespectful and dishonest in what they could produce with the price they selected. I will avoid this company and recommend anyone else to do the same."
,Not Recommended,232810,21198627,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Mr. Spooky,It's♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198043221628,Not Recommended,232810,21220516,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,ChrisSD82,You mean Peter Molyneux over hyped and over promised a game? You dont say...
76561198064526673,Not Recommended,232810,21197896,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,RufusMcdoogan,"Early access and completely abandoned... this game had potential but it was quickly snuffed out. Heed the numerous warnings: if 22cans is involved, the game probably wont reach completion."
,Not Recommended,232810,7881450,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,[roodley],NO THIS IS THE WORST GAME EVER PETER MOLYNEUX IS A SNAKE
76561198013514947,Not Recommended,232810,15299385,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Notbob,"Not worth it, I'd demand a refund if I could."
,Not Recommended,232810,14510767,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Blaze_E6,Step away from the buy button.... You do not want to click it. Save your money and buy a dead horse to flog
76561198072449221,Not Recommended,232810,15297524,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,FrostX1,"Ok I will start by saying this. I can tell the developers did try with this game, though not hard enough. I bought this game for $4.99 during a sale and honestly that is as high as you should want to pay for this game(in its current state.) It trys a bit too hard to be like all the other civilization games out there and kinda makes you have to wait for EVERYTHING.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Pros: The game seems like a nice way to spend some free time, getting your followers the biggest and best villages possible, and can easily make cool looking areas.It has possibilities as to where the over all gameplay can go.The story is a fun read if you can get all the story chests.And over all the ability to make the world to your liking is a cool aspect.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Cons: The game is a slow climb and will eventually start getting a bit boring after sitting there for hours to get things done, and to top it off the bugs kinda kill the fun you ""could"" have.Its crashes ALL the time(I understand its an early access game) but when it happens every 20-30 minutes and makes your collecting harder to do its time to fix something.The gameplay is TOO repetitive.You can't get all of the story chests if you end up getting the skill that allows for 2 stickers in 1 chest.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~So my final thoughts on this on this game is this. If you want to buy this game then WAIT TILL ITS DONE. The early access version of this is far too bugged and needs much more work. If you do buy this as early access then at least make sure to heed the warnings."
76561198104237636,Not Recommended,232810,10456006,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Tinus,"I wanted so much for this game to be fun, but it just isn't, bad interface, no direction, minimal graphics and a price tag of $20.I haven't seen the game in anyway achive something that would make me recomend it, maybe I'll come through in another 6 months and find myself pleasently surprised, though somehow I am doubtful of this.Quite honestly, untill the bulk of players suddenly start giving stellar reviews I'd say give this game a wide berth and spend your $20 on a couple of classics instead."
,Not Recommended,232810,27993760,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,(Sweet) Fritz,"This game is the epitome of early access gone wrong. It's what people worry about when they back an unfinished game. You don't necessarily know what the outcome is going to be but you have expectations. Godus did not meet many if any of mine. It was buggy, shallow, and never felt rewarding. Three years later and this game is never going to leave early access. I've given this game more time than it deserved."
76561197965275271,Not Recommended,232810,18981557,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,wickersty,A god damned embarrassment.
76561198024735832,Not Recommended,232810,18953967,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,powell.lee85,"I really dont recommend this game. Ol peters up to his old tricks again with this. I know it mite look good from the screen shots but its NOT Populus and Its NOT black and white (Black and white wasnt that good anyway) Its boring, sooooooo boring and im guessing its never going to get finishes cus ol peter has abandoned it it hear. SO DO NOT PURCHASE. Please dont. Save your cash."
76561198042825779,Not Recommended,232810,18961779,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,g.parker,"rreset ""new game"" now not working have deleted and loaded 3 times ...nice game but please FIX IT NOW"
,Not Recommended,232810,18997366,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Shrimp,"Fun game and all but it never works! 19 dollars wasted! I try to play it but it continusaly says ""Launching godus"""
76561198055529570,Not Recommended,232810,19186698,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,phatscott25,"Ugh, this game was one I was excited for. Then they revamped everything when it went into 2.0 and that ruined it. I was fine with the old world on Death Mountain (The huge mountain areas that surround most of the plains at the beginning). Now, the game constantly flickers, has stupid gems, which is the equalivent of  Clash of Clans gems, it crashes, it has a broken exit menu, etc. I was excited for this one and the enjoyment in it dropped from 89% to 26%. Another thing is that the game is stalemate for now. It hasn't updated since September..."
,Not Recommended,232810,18942121,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,theJamman,"Kills 11/12 astari, I didn't see one as he ♥♥♥♥ing fell in the water.This rambo guy destroyed like 6 villages before I found him and squished the mother-♥♥♥♥er to hell.fml."
,Not Recommended,232810,19017653,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Neayaen.be,"very dissapointed, great start then nothing, got lost in stupid update, teamleader killed the project with his obsessions."
,Not Recommended,232810,18266406,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,MushuPork,don't buy.
76561197970510700,Not Recommended,232810,18517379,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Shank,I bought this a long time ago. Game will never be finished on time. Also the game is not that good. From Dust is a way better game so i recommend that.
,Not Recommended,232810,18944981,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,1qball,I havnt played this game in a while and I'm happy to say I still hate it. <3
76561197997518454,Not Recommended,232810,19038385,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Enurta,"I have played this game for several hours and had a lot fun doing so.But in the mean time the game is better suited to give to a friend you never want to see again.Pros:- Nice design- Gameplay although slow has its appealCons:- Very few things to do after the initial setup- Only 1 voyage although it says that it will be updated (I am already waiting for several months)- Every time an abode catches fire it can never be extinguised and it will ignite other abodes destroying everything in the proces.- Even if all houses are destroyed the fire still remains ""underground"" and will ignite other abodes placed on those spots. This meant that after several hours of gameplay you not only lose your civilization you had the patience to build but you cannot restart it using the resource you have collected.- A lot of other bugs in general, non as gamebreaking as the previous ones mentioned but there are still some ctrl + alt +del problems.It is a great game and I have had my fair share of fun. Before the previously mentioned bug appeared I would not recommend this game to any one in its current state (beta v. 2.4). If the bugs are fixed and more gameplay is created it might be worth the 19.99 euro. But currently I would not even accept it as a free gift."
,Not Recommended,232810,18327641,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Teldin Starstorm,"I bought the game because it said there was multiplayer, right after I bought it, they removed the multiplayer component, said they were rewriting it, but have never rereleased multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,232810,18379453,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Karas,"This game is a waste of time and money.I bought it before it release, and turns out the updates were worse than release."
,Not Recommended,232810,19430869,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,PoopyMoosh,"This whole game was a big fat lie from the very start.  Peter Molyneux is more than just dishonest, he is a scam artist.  This is not a god game.  This is a mobile cookie clicker.  That is all they ever managed to push out of their giant loose sphincters.  These devs should be run out of the business.  WORST GAME EVER.  UNSKILLED LAZY LYING GREEDY DEVS.  I wish I had a physical copy so I could destroy it and send it to Peter Molyneux one small peice at a time over the course of several years.  The only reason I waited so long to write this was to give the devs a chance.  They have been dark since september 2015, so it is more fair to assume they cut and ran based on the emptiest of promises."
,Not Recommended,232810,19515742,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,BEAR_SERF,Empty promises as always
,Not Recommended,232810,19509584,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,LightningChaser,"The game isn't worth the money, or the time. Enough said."
,Not Recommended,232810,19665862,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,neat.,♥♥♥♥ you devs
76561198023787904,Not Recommended,232810,19214443,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Durabo,"An embarrasment. Filled with mobile mechanics, such as clicking resources spawns over and over again, a terrible aesthetic and shallow, unsatisfying game play. Avoid."
76561198065398294,Not Recommended,232810,19496877,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Yed Deb Redempation 2,Seems like not what was promised...
,Not Recommended,232810,19540748,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Grexxor,"Edit to review: this game is abandonware. It will never be completed and was an incomplete product. This game is one of the main contributions why I will never again go in for early access.Don't waste money on the game it was a great concept and wanted a god game to play, but they never f'n finished it.The game is incomplete, and doesn't look like there is any progress being made. I check back every few months to see what, if anything, has changed. I was really looking forward to this being an amazing entry into the very small God-game genre."
,Not Recommended,232810,19217952,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,DEV.LEADER-BOY,when will this game be finnish!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,232810,19551225,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,WoodyDRN,"This game was quite cool at the beginning, but then they started to remove all the cool features, and the game just started to be clicking and dragging and nothing else. I waited and waited for it to be finished, but now the game seems all dead."
76561198066832573,Not Recommended,232810,19624679,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Marsupiale,"Since the game is now dead, can steam refund us for the money  this developper has steal from us?"
,Not Recommended,232810,19687783,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Obergruppenführer,"This game would be great if it ever got finished, this game is the reason I doubt early access games, and all those ♥♥♥♥ing survival games. Steam is littered with that♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198055503663,Not Recommended,232810,19519097,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,WPWR,not in the mood to write a review but    DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.....its terrible just another early acess scam where they get the money then put in no effort to work on the game..
76561198107998339,Not Recommended,232810,19675786,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Bjorn.follegg,i wanted a game got not what i payed for
76561197993283915,Not Recommended,232810,33994059,Posted: 3 August,all,PoofSol,Don't buy.This game has been abandoned for months and months.
76561197996853576,Not Recommended,232810,34005877,Posted: 3 August,all,Francis Fulloffrenchpeople,Massive steaming pile of crap that should be removed from the steam store if it hasnt already
76561198055136190,Not Recommended,232810,33895743,Posted: 29 July,all,GigglingHyena,Abandonware
,Not Recommended,232810,33900726,Posted: 30 July,all,«ž¤|Ÿõüñg-îñ|¤ž»,don't buy this
76561197972319866,Not Recommended,232810,28876020,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Duff,It is a very grindy game. I personally couldn't stand it. If you're into Facebook games that take weeks to do something you may enjoy this.
76561197982924057,Not Recommended,232810,26002863,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Henkie,I bought the game when it came on Steam as early access. I played the gamed for hours and giving feedback about the game. In the end the game became a freemium mobile game leaving the PC gamers with nothing. Last update is years ago and no communications from 22cans how they intent to finish the game. Do not buy the game!
,Not Recommended,232810,25975471,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,xtre ☣,Stay away. Another early access garbage.
,Not Recommended,232810,9133084,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Erik Mm,dont buy it
,Not Recommended,232810,9170049,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,lil squaddy,"This is an awful experience that is clearly set up to become a pay-to-win freemium game. Not fun, mindless clicking. I want my money back."
,Not Recommended,232810,9201905,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Trahloc,You should NEVER buy this game.  It's been *months* since this game received an update.  I wish I could get a refund.
76561197989458132,Not Recommended,232810,9202157,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Miracle,"By reading the description of the game, and by watching the trailers I was tempted to buy the game. However I have been playing the game for 6-7 hours, and still haven't exceeded the point where you still look for cards in the dirt, and contest a rather easy AI. The controls are rather dull as well. I hope they set this game right, because it has a lot of potential. Until then, you should spend your money on something else."
76561197994579754,Not Recommended,232810,9206390,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Sirch,"Less about being a God, more about spending hours making the land flat."
,Not Recommended,232810,9207056,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,opelwerk,Another game completely ruined by Peter Molyneux and his compulsive lying.
,Not Recommended,232810,9207102,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Vizzini,"Godus. Looks and sounds a lot like the old classic ""Populus"", but it's incomplete to the point of being a proof of concept rather than something anyone should be forking out money for at this stage. There is no clear plot or purpose and the novelty of the terrain sculpting soon wears off.Do yourself a favour - buy Banished instead. Revisit Godus and consider paying money for it IF the devs can get it together (not looking good right now)."
76561198078322011,Not Recommended,232810,9219007,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Wombat Sceptre,Don't even waste your money on this clicking simulator. $20 is just bull sheet.
76561197971658126,Not Recommended,232810,9220309,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Smoked Scorpion,Disappointment.
76561197993856919,Not Recommended,232810,9232164,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,den_seje_atlet,"5 Months no update, no communication not even minor bug fixes! Good game idea but no followthrough!"
76561198124395518,Not Recommended,232810,9235655,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Pluc,"Has potential, but very incomplete. It still needs a lot of work before I can call it a good game.The so-called ""multiplayer"" aspect of the game is a simulated joke.Other than that, I enjoyed crushing my people, even though I had to wait a while before new ones could pop up.Too bad I'm not a fertility god."
76561197998162923,Not Recommended,232810,23902230,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Zendath,"Abandon faith all ye who enter here. Here lies the field of broken promises, scorched and salted earth, and dead Gods.Just refund everyone, scrap the project and find something else to do with your time. This game is a complete and utter mess. Built up with promises for years and years and delivered in early access on a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥with updates coming as irregularly as a Anime fan on prom night. Just read the other reviews for what's actually wrong with the game but with the news that one of the lead designers of the game got fired and the team at 22cans have shifted over to focus on other projects, this feels like a dead horse beaten one too many times."
76561198057728800,Not Recommended,232810,14855109,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,crystalpuck,please peter go to hell you liar and never come back
,Not Recommended,232810,23191585,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Jen Jen,"I really enjoyed this game at first. It was quirky, relaxing, and basically a satisfying God game for the modern PC era.Then, after one of the beta updates, it tanked.Idk, maybe it was angry that I'm a Mac user and wanted to sing the praises of Windows machines. Then again, maybe it crashes the same on those as well. In any case, when it became apparent that no amount of ""hotfixes"" and ""patches"" (however few and far between they were) could salvage the perpetual crashing, I realized that what I was looking at here was ABANDONWARE. If you enjoy the sensation of paying for a fun little game only for it to be ripped out of your hands and your money thrown into a cyberspace void, by all means go for it. Go for Godus Wars, as well. How long before the devs give up on that one?"
,Not Recommended,232810,11008800,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Zwart,"I understand that this is an early access game and that itcouldimprove.It's just that i don't believe it will. This game feels so wrong. So very, very wrong. I tried to give some constructive feedback to the devs, but i had to stop because what i wrote turned out to be very rude.There is a reason for my lack of belief (ha!): When i compare a random change-log from one of the updates to the things that bother me, it is as if that change-log is about a different game. It's not this or that bug. I can live with bugs. It's about basic decisions regarding the game play where i don't see an enjoyable game emerging, even with some improvements to the interface. It has the wrong direction, imo.This game makes me physically tense up while playing, to the point that my shoulders hurt. I have never experienced this. I also find myself yelling at the screen. That's a thing i never do. Normally.Why is this? I will just give you a few points:* You are a god. And like any god, youHAVE TO GO FROM HOUSE TO HOUSE TO COLLECT ""BELIEF""like a frickin' beggar! This belief comes in intervals and pops up as a bubble above the houses. If you are being busy and miss picking up bubbles they will grow for a while up to a certain limit, depending on the size of the abode. When the bubbles reach that limit, the ""belief-production"" for the houses you missed comes to a halt. It get's slightly better later on, since you will be able to collect belief from a small village at once, but that doesn't change the principle, it just changes the scale.* The whole interface is an incredibly anti-intuitive cluster♥♥♥♥.* The sculpting - a core element of the game play - is incredible tedious and unpredictable. You get somewhat used to it after a while. Still you sometimes end up with a deep gorge you simply can not fill because you can not see the bottom. Of course you could just dig a huge, deep hole (which would cost an insane amount of belief) except you can't because there are houses nearby and and i have yet to find a method to destroy the houses of my followers (you could in an earlier version, but that ability is gone).This point belongs to the things that could improve. It could be worse. But that's not all. Populus 1&2 didn't limit your ability to sculpt the landscape. If you wanted to sculpt a huge mountain you simply needed huge amounts of mana/belief. Not so in this game. You are limited to sculpting a number of layers. In order to be able to sculpt mountain ranges or deep ocean trenches you need to reach arbitrary milestones (most likely a certain number of followers, since that serves as measurement for your ""progress"").I have no hope for this game. You will feel not like a god but like a janitor. With $hitty payment. Tedious beyond what i thought possible.The ultimate nail in the coffin was a developer-commentary they added a while ago. This commentary clearly shows that they are fully aware of the problems, but since they are obsessed with their ideas they roll with it and tell you how to play the game instead of improving it. In this commentary there is an insane amount of talk about ""freedom"" and how you should play the game after your own liking. At the same time they give you precise ""advice"" about what you should be doing at which phase of the game.They are indeed fully aware that the mechanic of manually collecting small amounts of ""belief"" severely limits your options. For most of the time you can do NOTHING. Again: instead of changing this they include mini games to distract you. In these mini games you make voyages for resource rewards and they are nothing but tedious. But hey, afterwards you are 3 minutes closer to flattening a small area to build a new abode. Yay!It's a mobile game. It's meant to be played for a minute and then turned off again. During that minute you can collect all available mana and perform maybe ONE action. Then it's waiting again. It even has gems now!Just as icing on the cake they don't provide an option to reset the game and start over. In order to do so you have to manually delete the save files. To me as a PC gamer that's an insult. They want to force you to play their ""god-game"" as some kind of Tamagotchi. It goes on forever.Might be ok as a mobile game for when you take a dump. PC-gamers should look for something else. I recommend Banished. It's kinda bland and you can't sculpt the landscape but it has highly logical and meaningful mechanics."
,Not Recommended,232810,8407520,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Lord of Saltiness,"The concept of the game is good, but the game itself is pretty boring.Not really a game you should buy. Or at least wait till the full game comes outBut if you like sculpting land for hours this might be something for you.22 Cans should work harder on this, since early acces not very many updates have been released.Hope the full version will be better...(Probably the worst game ever made)"
,Not Recommended,232810,12450175,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Phesi,"This game was at once fun, but quickly became dull. The old  game before remake had some interesting sense of discovery, however, in the new build everything is explained to a sense that a child could understand. They also removed the pvp which was one of my favorite aspects of the game. The game is really easy with not much to do. As of now, I would not recommend this game, hopefully a future patch or full release of the game will be better."
,Not Recommended,232810,13421641,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Laser Lettuce,"Garbage f2p phone game. Looks pretty but has no gameplay, touchscreen interface for tablets but PC version is better because it just gives you the f2p money so that you can skip the non-gameplay faster. This game won't get better between now and when it leaves ""early access"". Peter Molyneux strikes again by saying this is somehow the successor to the excellent Populus series when it's really just another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ hands-off, wait-to-play phone game."
,Not Recommended,232810,11265568,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Sheliak,Awful
,Not Recommended,232810,29646211,Posted: 2 February,all,Russer,"I recommend everyone to report this game as broken with the following comment: ""22cans have abandoned development of this game."""
,Not Recommended,232810,11356203,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,JediLow,Terrible game - a waste of $20... and everything about it screams that IAP is going to be a core part of the experience.
76561198039479605,Not Recommended,232810,14681479,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ccbiggs,"This is for you Peter M:....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561197984099196,Not Recommended,232810,7948412,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,GameOverRIP,"Game had potential but may aswell be DOA, the developers chose to keep everyone in the dark and since it's Early Access release along time ago there's been a total of 3 minor updates and then the only news since is that they are obviously shifting focus to the mobile market to offer a free version for IOS and Android and no news for the PC players that payed there way.Shame Shame Shame, this game should be removed from Steam and all Early Access supporters given a refund"
76561198060406670,Not Recommended,232810,8098362,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,manchacool456,to may bugs`
,Not Recommended,232810,7970366,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Ruzihm,"This review only reflects the game in its current state.It feels like a facebook game that outgrew facebook.The arena mode has a fake chat for breaking whatever immersion you had, and it treats you like you're a teenager. (or someone pretending to be one!!)"
,Not Recommended,232810,8694708,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,free mmr here,worst game i ever played
76561198029606488,Not Recommended,232810,8511471,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Sam Fish,I want my money back :'(
,Not Recommended,232810,9991464,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Papa Boner ♚ (King),♥♥♥♥♥iest game ever. It's a huge waste of money and arguably an even bigger waste of time. DO NOT BUY.
76561198029093752,Not Recommended,232810,20612218,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Rendi84,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561198137127025,Not Recommended,232810,29459800,Posted: 24 January,all,VORTEX,real shame
,Not Recommended,232810,14492651,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Octavarium,"The game just isn't fun. Very slow, and the land sculpting mechanic is very tedious and difficult to use. I did not enjoy playing this game."
76561198024224551,Not Recommended,232810,8641350,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Dracolicious13,"The idea is great, just what they have thus far in terms of the game is not. Honestly was really dissapointed by this, the whole game is a click-fest. Even the supposedly intuitive sculpting tool is very stiff and not intuitive at all. It takes forever to do ANY sculpting and the overall story process is repetative and boring.So save you're money kids, do not buy this game. Do not support these developers because this is utter crap for $19.99."
76561198000021349,Not Recommended,232810,22690498,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Orphan Crippler,"This game has been stuck in development hell for so long now that its hard to say whether the developer actually cared at all.  This game had so much potential when it was released and I bought it instantly because I loved the art style and the way the game looked to play, but when I actually played the unfinished product it got stale after a few hours which was fine because it was still early access, but now almost 4 years later its still in early access and not much has changed at all.  I cannot reccommend this game or its developer as now they started a spin off game for their still unfinished one which essencially mean this game has been scrapped all together which is just poor game developing."
,Not Recommended,232810,15617866,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Fiirus,"Bought this game in the extremely early stages, Regret every bit of it."
76561198023234953,Not Recommended,232810,10889658,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Gartho,total waste of money
76561198085914978,Not Recommended,232810,32235222,Posted: 7 June,all,no.tuhrror,Hot Garbage
76561198067061972,Not Recommended,232810,21893614,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,DoobieDabber,"Worst game I have played in a long time, and an exceptional example of Peter Molyneux's knack for letting down fans. Do not buy this game."
76561198020262222,Not Recommended,232810,14539570,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,adhocavenger,"If I could go back in time and not spend the money or the man hours on this train wreck, I would.  The game remains fundamentally unchanged since I first began playing it.  There doesn't seem to be any point to the play that's put forward.  Development seems directionless, and it's difficult to envision the future for this project.  Peter M is a legend of the gaming industry, and we owe him a great deal of thanks for his many hits throughout the years.  This isn't one of them.  Ignore the marketplace page for this one and read the RPS interview instead.  Revelatory to say the least."
76561197991445086,Not Recommended,232810,14357564,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,DaeSanye,Don't buy this game or Godus WarsDon't trust 22cans or Peter Molyneux... yes dreaming big is great but if you take people's money and then leave the project it's just a big con and that's what this game has become... a con to take people's money and not deliver a working game...I reviewed this game februari 2015 but had to edit my review after i saw Godus Wars in my library... which just seems to be a way of trying to sell the game again and not having to worry about the bad reviews this game already has...Luckily a lot of people already are giving that POS bad reviews because of this method... and so will I.
,Not Recommended,232810,8381483,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Solid Snack,"Bland, tedious, slow, uneventful, and pay to win.  Another Peter Molyneux failure of a game of overhyped, empty promises.  If I could get my money back I would in an instant, Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥  Yes, it's still Early access, but this is about as lazy a game as every other copy-paste city building games.  The only thing I've seen the player have control over is the terrain formation.  Yeah, that's an interesting idea, but the way it's implemented is clunky and annoying to use."
76561197982821377,Not Recommended,232810,11705442,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Razakel,"Bought this a long time ago and they have made a mediocre game with possibilities now a failure. 15min wait times to build basic structures, waiting times for faith. I understand the game makers are now trying to also make this into a mobile game, but I am guessing they fail to see that when one is playing a PC game they are looking for constant active stimulation and not just slap a couple clicks down and then have to wait 30mins to do anything else.Would this be a fun mobile game? Maybe.Would this be a fun free flash browser game? Sure.An actualy PC game? No."
,Not Recommended,232810,11709746,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,XavierArmstrong,"This game started out as a PC/Mac game, but now it's a mobile which isn't an issue by itself. The issue comes from when the developer start to make it another one of those ""Oh, you want to do something more then like one thing a day after the start then buy gems from us."" Granted you do not have to do that if you buy it on the PC version but when a large amount of your player base which is the ones who have helped you get off the ground tell you something and your just like meh, I do what I want. That's also where other issues come up, but it's ok make another cookie cutter pay to play game that you just used early access on steam to get the money to sustain yourself until you get to moble to make your real money. This started out as a really cool game, but now it's turned into this cookie cutter muck. Not worth the ten dollars that I spent almost over half a year ago. I wouldn't even play this game if it was free, no matter what the platform that I would be playing on it would be."
76561197970944571,Not Recommended,232810,11945179,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Atmo,Do not waste time on this. A simple gardening game. Quickly expires interest.
76561198016507376,Not Recommended,232810,11966955,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,xevil_veganx,"Game is terribly un-fun.  I loved populous, Black & White, SIMS, Sim City, etc.  I want to be able to play this game without the interface and the mechanics driving me to stop playing while I wait on timers only to wake up to find that events occurred while I was asleep to make me repeatedly lose followers.It's an unending grind just to get basic things to function (like building up your followers abodes by flattening land).  It's not the flattening of land that's the grind, it's the waiting to get resources to allow you to sculpt.  You CAN get resources by murdering your followers, but that doesn't make this a god game, it makes this a horrible game.I want to be a good guy and city-craft and win over my opponents with benevolence.  Not sacrifice my own followers and burn down my enemies.  The essence of the god-game genre should be based on this choice; and there is no choice.  You just wait forever and watch bad things happen to you or turn evil."
76561197970739839,Not Recommended,232810,11971686,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Famine,"the 2.2 update i find unplayable for one simple reason- it started playing a VOICEOVER of absolute crap nonsense when i opened it the first time. and then YET AGAIN the unskippable tutorial crap. the tutorial by itself is enough to make me want to uninstall, the voiceover made me want to stab the idiot who was responsible for adding an unmuteable voiceover.to make matters worse... if you acctually keep playing, there is a POP-UP in the corner to bug you to spend gems (microtransaction currency) to make your game easier. this is a very unpleasant and unfun game interface, and it is WORSE than earlier versions of the game were."
76561198053583070,Not Recommended,232810,12182752,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,alexanderthefk,"Not worth your money to purchase this game. The only thing I found gorgous for Godus is the art style, anything other than that is just total mess. Anyway, do not buy this game!"
76561198042775774,Not Recommended,232810,12396670,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Time2powwow,"Here's a game that had potential to be fun. But a complex system to delete a save file for Mac users and frankly poorly designed controls takes away from the fun. I spent 8 hours on working on my people. Then out of no where with out warning. I lost about half of them due to a new civilization of people popping up who had a higher happiness rate then me. After that I couldnt contend and progessively lost my people.No warning, no hint that these random would be peoples would cause this massive of a problem. Just *boom* people are gone. Waste of time until this has been completed and frankly not worth 20 bucks."
76561197993085806,Not Recommended,232810,12735782,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Feelgood Badvibes,Take all of the fun out of Mega Lo Mania and Populous and replace the gameplay with the warp tool from photoshop. That pretty much sums up the Godus experience.
,Not Recommended,232810,12626222,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Syvyvn,Not what I had hoped for when buying in a year ago.
76561198065779335,Not Recommended,232810,12707150,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Danny Dinglehart,terrible
76561198027211139,Not Recommended,232810,12715522,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,tomthered,"What is really incredible about Godus is that every time there is an update, the game gets noticably worse.  It's early versions were somewhat flawed, but exciting and intriguing, and ultimately very addicitive, as you grew your little kingdom.   It wasn't quite a new populous, but it was a step in that direction.  The last update I played was much slower to develop, and ultimately less fulfilling. The introduction of lemmings style gameplay was a little disappointing and the time it took for faith to grow really limited the growth of your kingdom.  This current iteration is pretty much unplayable.  You have to load up the game for five minutes at a time and then leave it for another hour.I was skeptical when people claimed that it was going to be a pay-to-play game, the first version didn't feel that way, but it has clearly moved in that direction every step.  Now, I honestly can see how people could get into the game enough to want to pay.  I keep hoping the pace will pick up as I play more, but its a dire drudgery."
,Not Recommended,232810,12687714,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,NegativePositive,"Went from a game that should have been like Black and White, to a mobil platform farmville. I sure as hell didn't mean to spend my money on a PC game with Facebook integration.  Went from promissing to crap IMO."
76561198077436538,Not Recommended,232810,13832073,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Kramdroflet,"if you like god games look somewhere else, if you like multiplayer games look somewhere else. if you want a mobile game on your pc with no depth no quality long wait times for things to build , a terrible resource system an even worse cards system then this is the game for you =)"
76561198155979882,Not Recommended,232810,13397346,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,NASACORP69,s3e application launcher has stopped working is the first thing that happened when i bought and downloaded the gameplz fix this issue 22cans
69696969696910101,Not Recommended,232810,13816659,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,thicc bricc,"Dear Developers,I have come to congratulate you on the AMAZING job you did on making beautiful and misleading trailers and thumbnails for a completely♥♥♥♥♥♥game that lets you do almost none of that. You have created a game that is trash.DO NOT BUY - They have created a game that is terrible. And instead of changing anything to what people have been telling them to do, they installed the Developer Commentaries, which is basically some guy moaning on about how much he likes it. ""I like this feature here because it makes me feel closer to my interconnectivity and spiritual likliness.""You do NOT play as a god. You play as a slave to your ""followers"" who you really can't infleuence. The game forces you to wait around for you to make any simple progress. It's terrible. The worst part: you paid for this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,232810,14831895,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Bucket Mutt,It's not ok.
76561198094835054,Not Recommended,232810,14544450,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,christensolomon,"Same as the other reviews, high hopes trashed in a mobile money grab."
,Not Recommended,232810,14544783,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Niamh,"Should be called clicking simulator 800,000"
,Not Recommended,232810,7963568,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,NeroGS138,"As it stands right now, which is version 1.3.1, the game is 41% done and not worth $20. It would be a good game to kill time with if it was more around $10."
,Not Recommended,232810,7964968,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Nicromanser,Needs a lot of work. It feels like an alpha build. wait for a more completed version or grab on sale.
76561198000712718,Not Recommended,232810,12736326,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,nuclear ash,Do not buy.
,Not Recommended,232810,14613351,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Jokerellone,"It's simple a froud, nothing more."
76561198048844906,Not Recommended,232810,23939195,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Invictus,I am not going to waste any time writing an actual review for this game. It's bad. Avoid it.DONT BUY
76561198057997653,Not Recommended,232810,24656517,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,elorpes,"There are better ways to waste your money and time than this game. You could rip apart some banknotes for example.Seriously:Nothing of the features they originally wanted to implement are implemented. After several years of developement the game is still a boring klickfest. Now it's even split up in two unfinished games, which are abandoned by the developers."
76561197964190178,Not Recommended,232810,24652132,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,{-17-} Rniessius,I feel the same as everyone else when it comes to this game. What an utter cluster♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,232810,9497359,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Higar von Peonik,"Even after that big patch, this game is still a disapointment.Mechanics of the game seem good at first, then become a burden. Prepare your clicks, because you're gonna do a lot of them. The progression system, based mats you find in chests, is flawed. And it brings the dreaded shadow of micro transaction system. Devs are saying there won't be any, but the game is pretty much designed to make it feel like a necessity.What you will find in this game is half waiting, half clicking. Click to get belief (res for doing things in the world), click to send builders, click to sculpt the world. Get yourself some patience, a strong mouse, and dive into the emptiness of this game."
,Not Recommended,232810,9698303,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Morphback,"Land needs to be flattened in order for your followers to build houses. There is utterly no point in having differing levels of land as it simply limits the number of houses that can be built. So you spend all of your saved belief flattening the land (which is eye-gouging-ly boring) so more houses can be built and you get more belief.....so you can flatten more land and build more houses etc etc...ad-infinitum.Discovering chests is a neat idea but the rewards are mostly things you need to expand the amount of land that's 'yours'...so you can flatten it so more houses can be built...The real problem is you don't actually feel very God-like at all. The ability to move land around feels like an unecessary gimmick rather than a core mechanic. Your followers will all act in the same way regardless of how they are treated. Like faithful puppy dogs they will rebuild a house you've just torn to the ground and carry on as if nothing has happened. Your actions have no consequence, which is a terrible indictment for a game purporting to allow you to be a God."
76561197979817890,Not Recommended,232810,7918853,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Bearodactyl,"Game plays more like Curiosity than Black & White, or any other god game for that matter.  Click the ground, keep clicking the ground, then click the ground some more.  As a powerful deity, your abilities are limited to barely more than that of a typical bulldozer and the secret to winning seems to be nothing more than digging up treasure chests and flattening the ground.Game length is artificially lengthened by timers everywhere.  Follower starts building a house?  Minute and a half before it's finished.  Waiting for a house to spawn a new follower?  Watch the countdown clock.  These aren't even progress meters or anything else that might make sense, they are literal timers ticking away the seconds.  I'm fine and dandy with stuff taking time to complete, but compared to other games with building involved, Godus crawls at a snail's pace.Maybe there will be some actual gameplay in the final release, but for now, skip this and play Black & White if you have a hankering to rule over a society."
76561198046061071,Not Recommended,232810,8643066,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,a.dresden.doll,Overhyped and undelivered.
76561198013933367,Not Recommended,232810,8643587,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,sanfrids,A good populus clone but not nearly finnished. Slow to release new updates.
76561198038036143,Not Recommended,232810,8651375,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,GloveOnHand,"In its current form (as of January 10th, 2014), I found the beginning portion of the game to be repetitive; move layers of land around to make room for your followers' homes and expand the reach of your influence. I was unable to keep up my interest in this game long enough to find out what happens and what I can do later in the game.At 41% completion (as of purchase date, January 9th, 2014) and still in beta, I hope this introduction to the game isn't what I have to look forward to at full release.(Edit: I'll try playing this again at a later time.)"
,Not Recommended,232810,8658595,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,mixed_mutt88,"Played it multiple times. Doesn't look anything like the video. Had tons of hope lost it, not holding my breath anymore. I would absolutely wait till the full game is released before trying. When it first came out it sounded amazing. Then we got promised more amazing things were soon to come. A year later and the game is almost exactly the same."
76561198090501071,Not Recommended,232810,11693647,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,C7,"I got this game when it had just been released and it was, at the time, not worth the money i spent on it. it went through updates, one of which made the game unplayable for me(it wouldnt go past the first loading screen), but it may have only happened to me. In its current state it is playable, and is better than its original version, but it still has many issues, and isnt worth what i payed for it."
76561198000330832,Not Recommended,232810,24686966,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Donn Plague,"so godus, well the game is pritty fun for what it is iv'e spent a lot of time in this game and i have had a lot of fun with it, but the game will never finish and that's no fun, so i can't recomend the game since it's not going to be finished."
,Not Recommended,232810,24690224,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Kuronare,A Legendary Failure.
,Not Recommended,232810,9564372,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,General Inaptitude,"There have been many complaints regarding the clickity click nature of this game. I used to handle this by using a macro that clicked really fast. This allowed me to sculpt the landscape with relative ease, levelling entire mountains!The update that has been rolled out has made that imposisble, now most interaction requires dragging. Furthermore I have had various freezes (where I could not see anything anymore except ocean) and gotten stuck in tutorials because I did not know what to do or how to do it, without hints on the screen, or because I was whisked away to a 'lost followed' unable to complete the tutorial.Tl;DR wasn't too bad but I could work around it, but now it got worse and I can no longer work around it. As a programmer I am a god, but this game is taking away my ability and will to excercise it within the- apparently now more restiricted- confines Godus."
,Not Recommended,232810,9587818,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Chismatsu,"All things considered, this game is currently a steaming pile of garbage.  I've seen worse games recover, but as it stands, this is hardly a proper beta.  Plays more like an alpha, and I believe there's some secret area for Kickstarter backers to 'communicate' with the developers.  I would save your money and wait until it's fleshed out, because it seems like they're misinterpretting all the feedback anyways.It has enormous potential, but I fear it will end up being not fun because of certain mechanics that are stubbornly being forced into the game.  So much potential, such garbage."
76561198067756186,Not Recommended,232810,8778153,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,General Butt Naked,No It takes way to long between each update and I really think they gave up on this and it is just here as a dead project.... I am really dissapointed!! Don't come back here in about 2 years before seeing a update with only 2 things.... Ya you would have to be 100 years old to see this game anywhere near out of Beta....
76561197972802060,Not Recommended,232810,7913701,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Krodista,"The idea and concept behind this game are wonderful, but the execution leaves a lot to be desired.Ill admit I havent played this game a tremendous amount. The game starts out a bit slow, which is fine, but must be mentioned as this could turn off some. As you will see others say, this game has mouse clicking that could only be rivaled by minesweeper. The Double click option to add or subtract land an area is novel, but doesn't work all the time ending in a decent amount of wasted faith.Whats faith you may ask, its what you get when you have more people or destroy rocks/trees. You need it to make any moves which is what can slow down the game substantially. Make too many moves and you better get a recliner and go take a bio break because its going to be a bit before you make moves again. I have no problems with a slow paced game, but at times watching a snail race would be more exciting than waiting for your villagers to have faith bubbles show up before you can move again.The multiplayer is a joke and even more minesweeper like. The whole premise is that you need to claim more land (ie have more houses down) to have the higher population count before the time runs out. You are matched up to some other random person and the battle begins. multiplayer is a pointless extra which doesn't add anything to the game imo. A co-op mode would have been a tremendous amount more fun as long as it didnt have to be turn based.I know its still in development, but its updates are soo few and far between its almost a slap in the face to their fans. By comparison, go look how fast Castle Story and Craft the World fix bugs and how often they patch and update their games. Those are phenomenal games still in development by separate companies who both seem to appreciate their fans and genuinely want to give them the best gaming experience possible.So, whats it worth? $20 USD - not a chance. Honestly with the way things are going this game is more of a $5USD as it does provide some entertainment, but it has flaws on almost every edge. I hope the devs eventually step up and improve this game, but as it stands its a sincere flop."
76561198065702365,Not Recommended,232810,8642942,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,[BTM] Fragmentationed,Waste of cash.
,Not Recommended,232810,8651720,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,P!,"I wanted to like Godus. Honestly, I did. In its current state, however, it is extremely repetitive and dull. There is little customization, since not only is terraforming the land a royal pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ but your communities seems to thrive best on flat as possible land. If you want to progress, your goal is to make things as low and flat as possible, since you want to unearth trinkets to make more (ultimately useless) things, such as bigger houses that don't change gameplay in any way. Also, the only way to DO anything is to click every single house multiple times to get your creation points. Without these points, you can do nothing. There is no point to the clicking and having it autofill would make it go from abysmal to just bad, but nonetheless, let the pointless clicking commence! It is the only way you'll play it for more than an hour, anyhow. Filler at its worst.I know it's just beta right now, but even for an alpha this would be pretty pathetic. Where exactly is the 'game'? Coupled witht he fact that the devs don't seem to be actively letting the public know what's going on or updating this title, it is a very depressing turn of events and my expectations for Godus are hopeful, but realistically as low and flat as the lands that I am required to build ad infinitum."
76561197996395969,Not Recommended,232810,9539916,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,simon5,the recent update has meant that i had to start all over again after about 12 hours of building my villages etc... and the improvement is neglible.....no way!!!!!
76561198047433042,Not Recommended,232810,9597277,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Freeasabird,"look, i'll make this quick, i did have a massive text wall of reasons why i don't like this game, and why you should NOT buy this game, but even I don't want to read it all so FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THAT IS GAMEING DO NOT BUY THIS F, U, C, K, ING GAME! IT'S TERRABLE, IT'S BASICALLY A FACEBOOK GAME THAT YOU HAVE TO PAY 20 BUCKS FOR! at least wait untill it's compleated befour you buy. or even then, wait for a steam sale or something you'r gonna wanna save some cash for the F, u, c, ing in game store so you can buy gems >:("
76561198063134039,Not Recommended,232810,8640474,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Regnilrag,Thx steam for waisting my money and time.
76561198116749491,Not Recommended,232810,7874632,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Gatomon,"The idea is there but the exuction is not. Like the other reviews have said, it feels like a Facebook game more than anything else. I do not have a problem for the belief system, but the time it takes it to gather belief is a little slow considerin that this is a game that is not a Facebook game. The Terra forming works well. But that costs belief, and in order to get more belief you have to advance and expand your population. BUT in order to that you need belief to expand the land, etc. It is a cycle of things  and if you run out of belief... then well you have to wait a little while to progress. And there is nothing you can really do in the game to pass the time."
,Not Recommended,232810,8765580,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Сarn,The main thing you will do in this game - land shaping. You will do it over and over again.It is somehow ok. I love sandbox games. But the way controls are in this game - it is hell. You wanted to level it up - it goes down. You wanted to remove - it add more land. And all the faith are gone.
,Not Recommended,232810,7909722,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Waz,Currently heading firmly in the Farmville player-abuse clickfest direction of development. Not recommended at this time. Pretty though.
76561198076468614,Not Recommended,232810,13434946,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,stegwah,"wasted 15 pounds on this when it came out, such a bad bad bad game"
,Not Recommended,232810,21192243,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Po tato,A Garbge Game
76561198013944972,Not Recommended,232810,21193840,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Abstract-Player,"MADE IN GUILDFORD, CREATIVE UK.This means:..creative bugs..creative kickstarter liars..creative game crashes..creative more bugs..creative announcing features..creative never-finishing announced features..creative non-developing..creative non-bugfixing..creative deleting of development roadmaps..creative click-fest..creative gathering of money..creative ruining Steam EA..creative ruining everything what Populous stood for..creative ruining their own names and reputations..creative ruining Guildford name..creative ruining ""Creative UK""..creative restart game with new title to hide all the bad reviews..creative add ""releasetest"" to Godus1 title..creative moving developers to other projects..creative game-exit-only-by-taskmanager..creative null-communication with purchasers/community..creative disfunctional windowed mode..creative pre-design / layout for tons of later micro-transactionsThey tryed hard to ruin Godus1, GodusMobile and now Godus2.. with success.22cans/Godus is just a creative way to destroy Kickstarter and Steam Early Access programs.Please don't be stupid. Trust all the negative reviews. Save your money. Save your time.Check all the reviews about Godus game:Godus1 = 67% negativeGodus2 = 79% negative"
76561198027639428,Not Recommended,232810,13306744,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Lothium,Peter Moylneux banked on his past credits to get long time fans to help back what sounded like an amazing game. But what it's beginning to look like is that he just wanted us to fund his mobile freemium game. The earliest versions of Godus were some of the best and that holds true more so with each update as new content is added but old issues are not addressed.
,Not Recommended,232810,13350141,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Flanderino,Don't buy.
,Not Recommended,232810,13203041,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Dom0728,Disappointed.
,Not Recommended,232810,13230855,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Baulers,...
,Not Recommended,232810,13277025,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,deathelm,"Was playable till after latest patch.Great game I* have to say* (removal of * will equal negative ratings for game) except for the annoying bug I have now. Once you hit the farming bit where you create well uhm farms..... My workers are forced into farming duty instead of building the damn house right next to them. Guessing its a bug since every single builder is immediatly a farmer for some stupid reason. have to say that this is the worst investment I ever made on an early access game. NEVER AGAIN will I buy anything related to 22cans. (one two three strikes and it should be an out, after seventh..... no longer care and wish i could get my money back.)"
,Not Recommended,232810,13211680,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,squig,Will it ever be finished? likely no?
,Not Recommended,232810,8641106,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,barkthafark,"Looks interesting.... but it's got me clicking like it's starcraft to collect the worship points... instead of just allowing for a collect all button or something more automatic. In short, it's very tedious."
76561197995823577,Not Recommended,232810,9719983,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Rauryk,"I had a much funnier, and more descriptive review, but I made the foolish mistake of writing it in the Steam window and all traces of it were lost when I accidently bumped the back button on the side of my mouse.  For the time being though, I think my feelings about this game can be summed up by my latest reaction to this game's shenanigans: ""Oh good, it crashed.  Now I can stop subjecting myself to this soul-crushing waste of potential."""
76561198000652503,Not Recommended,232810,9315835,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,BRSBSRN,"The main thing which causes us to play this game is eras.When i bought this game (a hundread years ago i guess) i saw this era thing and to be honestly it made me very excited.the idea of upgrading your people from bronze age to atomic era was amazing. However, the man who only showing us video only couldnt improve this game.Me and lots of player who bought this game is waiting for a real update for months.SO HEAR ME VIDEOMAN!!GIVE US A REAL UPDATES OR GIVE US OUR MONEY BACK!!"
,Not Recommended,232810,9317400,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,JesterofShadows,"Godus will be a great game - when it's released that is. Until that time, it plays like a truly beta game (and being Early Access I expect no different). Very much in the vein of both ""Black and White"" and ""Populous"", Godus is a god game about creating a civilisation. Digging in the dirt for cards is pretty cool, except when you realise that 22Cans blocks you from getting the ones you actually need. A lot of the game is yet to be implemented, and this is confusing to most as the game art shows a near completed game. It's also a very time consuming game, with HOURS spent earning belief (which then needs to be collected, like a Facebook game) before it can be added to your coffer. Why not just have the belief pool into my coffer over time?Most concerning of all it has been MONTHS since an update, making me doubt the viability of this game.Graphically? It's pretty appalling, even though it is meant to be voxel based, the resolution of the game screws you over.Sound? Meh, it's alright.* This review may change upon game completion."
76561198039190475,Not Recommended,232810,9484436,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Yeah Boi,"1/12NEVER updates, never changes your people die CONSTANLY unless you have something you get HOURS into the game (or days) THAT IS ♥♥♥♥ING ALL I HAVE TO SAY (why am i typing this i should be underground beacuse of that cult. Why did i type this as well)"
76561197990997704,Not Recommended,232810,9589155,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,ZoidberG!,Boring as ♥♥♥♥
76561197972328099,Not Recommended,232810,9575802,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Luthurus,"My experience with Godus 1.0 CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK crash storm CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK SPAMMy experience with Godus 2.0 CLICK crash CLICK crash CLICK crash bugbugbugbugbug CRASH swipeeeeeee CRASHIts taken almost half a year for Peter to develop an update which in my opinion has made the game even buggier and crash happy, I've went from 20 minute crashes to 2 minutes, I literally cannot open my game now. I'd ask for a refund but Steam likes taking money BUT doesn't like giving it back."
,Not Recommended,232810,9566894,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Shiko [SyD],"Only buy this game if you like to click balls.Now seriously, it's fun at the beginning but soon you realize that the more houses you build, more stuff you HAVE to click to get resorces. Nothing in the games gathering system is automatic and in my opinion, it's really annoying."
76561198085796917,Not Recommended,232810,9721573,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,maddockp,"It was pretty good after the initial bug-fix round, although the incessant clicking was pure hell.Now it has been updated and either doesn't work at all, or fails quite quickly.  It's fairly clear that they are ultimately trying to make a tablet game.Do yourself a favour and don't bother with Godus."
,Not Recommended,232810,9737077,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,[MM] Tater_Vader,"It's been in development for some time, and they've added a lot of features,but they haven't added ""fun"" yet. This seems like a great studio, but this game either needs to be scrapped, or completely revamped."
76561198025041961,Not Recommended,232810,10313813,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,glarblblarbl,"I was excited at first about this game.Now, six months later I say: don't buy this game.In early access, one expects to have a certain level of dialogue with the developers. 22cans has twice gone more than two months without any updates (in code or in prose). I was hopeful when they moved to a quicker release schedule, but that proved to be short-lived while adding in bugs which were apparently fixed (the game does not differentiate between different users on a shared computer, even with separate user and steam accounts). This bug has still not been re-fixed, three months later.Maybe this will be playable after it leaves early-access, but at this rate that won't be until 2016."
,Not Recommended,232810,10440590,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Starwild,"the worst game I have ever bought on steam. This is a useless, pointless game. It just wastes your time. Never buy it."
76561197973971208,Not Recommended,232810,9310426,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,John Conna,"At first i have to say that i enjoyed this game, it was entertaining being able to change the land to how you wanted it to be. Then it started being tedious, and i hit the cap of how much you could progress. Once that happens your still doing the same thing, flattening land, but now with no goal in sight. The worst thing about this game is the time in between updates. (When this comment was mad) The last update was October 8 2013. And furthermore i feel like the video ""Updates"" are just a lie to make people thing that the development team is doing work. Not only that but the last update was a small bug fix, and didn't even add any content. At first i had hopes for this game, then i remembered that Peter Molyneux was in charge of the development team, and the one making the promises. After that i wasn't even surprised by the lack of updates, just disappointed."
,Not Recommended,232810,9730725,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Jaymes,"Oh dear. Godus V1 was a shell of a Free to Play mobile game, and a terrible one at that, with the bones of a ""pay to win"" system. Is Godus V2 any better? Of course bloody not! It's essentially the same crap, but with a V2 label on it! It's just another way to have their ""pay to win"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ without being upfront about it, which is worse!But the crowning glory of crap on this, is that with Molyneux's experience in making decent games, he's ended up as another George Lucas! If you want a good sim, and you want one made by him, look at populus, do not get this."
,Not Recommended,232810,8638303,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Rat,"Feels like a facebook game....1.5/10 Would not recommend this, it's a game made to be monopolized, even if you pay the steam price, you end up missing out on content when you gun out of ""Gems"" gamplay feel repetative...The game should be called Clicking Sim 2014"
76561198048787199,Not Recommended,232810,9308072,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,tyk4495,"This seemed like it would be a pretty cool God game when I first looked at it. After playing at first it seemed alright after all it was just early access. However my saves go away and Iv restarted 3 times again trying to give it a chance, after all I blew $20 on the damn thing. Now it just sits here on my computer taking up space only for the fact that since I spent the money Im not willing to get rid of it."
,Not Recommended,232810,9375733,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,AgentPaper,"In the game Godus you are a God to a, at the start, a small group of people. So far I have not gone as far as the game could so far. The game is okay it runs on real time which is not so bad. The game does have a very lack of updates and is currently somewhat boring.  I wouldn't recommend getting this game until it is fully relased (if ever). If you get be prepared to wait a while for an update and for the villagers to  build, explore, and craft shrines. The NPC's are okay in the mini-temple games."
76561198072140310,Not Recommended,232810,18593555,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,MLGooby,Do not buy this game.
,Not Recommended,232810,18865466,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Gattsu,How the hell did I manage to play this much garbage
,Not Recommended,232810,20188159,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,fatputtycat,"Not only is this game a scam, but it's an abandoned scam. Wonderful isn't it?"
76561198017174490,Not Recommended,232810,20354442,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Dan1711,Clickity click click ♥♥♥♥ing click.
,Not Recommended,232810,32974414,Posted: 28 June,all,Laurie,What a Sham!
76561197994558197,Not Recommended,232810,17887680,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,BlackRose,"Deep disappointment, thats all."
76561198014792611,Not Recommended,232810,17837148,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,FB2G,A game with great promises but no updates. Feel violated. There was supose to be a full game at the end of the Early Access phase.
76561198039250813,Not Recommended,232810,33764342,Posted: 24 July,all,Number6,"I find it barely ethical to still charge money for this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Isn't that some sort of Fraud or theft?!The least 22 cans can do is properly adress the people who payed for this and give them something of an answer to break this cowardly silence.The game really had potential and the concept is fun! Just skip all the big ideas and deliver a decent, playable game as promised!"
,Not Recommended,232810,33776293,Posted: 24 July,all,Sulo,So much promised.So little given.
,Not Recommended,232810,34095285,Posted: 7 August,all,aradapilot,"Though many great promises were made, this was disappointing during its early days. Then, it was abandoned half-finished. Basically a scam."
76561198066200530,Not Recommended,232810,33761969,Posted: 24 July,all,ticky5656,"This game was not at all what I was told it would be, and I'd refund it if I could."
76561197972586259,Not Recommended,232810,33776200,Posted: 24 July,all,᠌᠌᠌᠌withferretsashands,Surprised to see that Godus is still on Steam. It might say I played for 42 hours but that's because I left the game open while I did something else. Really disapointed and I feel bad for my friends that bought the game.
,Not Recommended,232810,33794554,Posted: 25 July,all,Acechappers,"Abandoned game and terrible practices used by company. Nothing else need be said, it's unfinished."
76561198042213679,Not Recommended,232810,28785103,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Disappointed father,its bad vey vey bad
,Not Recommended,232810,28992924,Posted: 3 January,all,timmy :),game never finished no relaease date game has changed mutiple times
,Not Recommended,232810,25898491,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Kampfferkerl,"Peter has done it once again.Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me, fool me 4 times and you are Mr Molyneux"
76561198008825938,Not Recommended,232810,22967839,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,shugorlr,"Embarassement to video games in general. Even more so for god sim games...boycot this and any other of their titles, you'll be better of spending the money you saved on buying a gun and a bullet for everyone who bought this game."
76561197985347783,Not Recommended,232810,17064917,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,orcra956,Abandonned in Early Access.
76561197981446012,Not Recommended,232810,12107849,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Costarring,"It used to be bad, now it's terrible.Godus (and Godus Wars) is a big scam."
,Not Recommended,232810,11069765,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,KERNBOOM,"If your looking for that good stuff since Black & White, go see GOG because this game is a slow, kid friendly piece of crap that lets you do repetitive stuff all the time. Whereas in BnW the civs would chop tree's for you and it's optional you help them, in Godus it's just... patheticly mandatory that you do non-intrigueing stuff like clicking tree's."
76561198026530346,Not Recommended,232810,8947812,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,6000000° Oven,"here's the summary of the past month playing godus: click, click, click, click, click,click, click,click, click, click, click, click, click.... incase you didnt understand, you keep clicking and barely anything happens. Btw, there was no new update since weeks before christmas. Sad, it had so much potential but i'm not even sure if we'll ever see another update at this point...Edit: I'll give credit where it's due, 22cans are actually listening to the community. After all that wait we got version 2 and now with version 2.04 Clicking has taken a less important role, you can finally hold your click to get belief. If the developpers keep improving the game in a timely manner, i might end up recommending it. So far though, i must say that it's better to wait before shelling out 20$ for it."
,Not Recommended,232810,8948922,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,elemenster,great game even though the toutorial npc is anoying enought that i cant stand them just avoid the mount of the gods event and youl have some fun by the way be careful your vilagers may decide tech is unholy outa the blue
,Not Recommended,232810,8956611,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,LAMBO,"A very click heavy game, yeah its an alpha but when you start playing it its really boring so i cant even get past the first age. If I want to move around land like the trailers show I would have to click about 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 times....I would watch Totalbiscuits review on this game.In my opion just dont buy it. Dont let the impulse buy get the best off youbad game."
,Not Recommended,232810,9106750,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,TeeVeeZee,"boring game, and got scammed. they don't update♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197971570164,Not Recommended,232810,9110008,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Onkel Baunzer,Never ever pay for this piece of crap.It was my first and last Early Access.
76561198001240989,Not Recommended,232810,9120836,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,blaz42,"Do not buy. No communication from devs even on official website, which is now full of spam. Boring game, comparable with farmville or any other facebook-style clickfest. Promised features which are non-existent at this time (there is no flowing water,only some sort of ocean around the map), game breaking issues (frequent storms which will destroy all you have built) and limited progress possible (only the lucky ones made it to the bronze age because of card-based progression)"
,Not Recommended,232810,9167034,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,I love Abi! <3,Click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click.
76561197995747907,Not Recommended,232810,13440231,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Scorpio,"Steam's done a really good job with Early Development, but dear god this game is dreadfully boring. It doesn't get better after the tutorial either. A store can't be a store without at least one rip-off."
,Not Recommended,232810,11542673,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Alteisen,"I really can't recommend this game to anyone. It showed promise about a year ago as an earlier build, but has since become a Facebook like game with too much clicking and too much waiting around. I think I'll try the final version, but I won't be playing this again for quite a while."
,Not Recommended,232810,9092888,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Paradox97,Turning out to be great but no done yet. Hold off for a while until we get more information on development.
,Not Recommended,232810,9071898,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,ded,What. Is this? I don't even... I thought this was going to be more then reshaping the land and watching guys that I can't control building endless houses.
,Not Recommended,232810,8152136,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Hans the dragon,"As of this moment Godus is not worth purchasing, it is far from finished and the lack of updates around the product is worrying for its future."
76561198004899463,Not Recommended,232810,9142677,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,IssRa,"It takes way too long to explain why, just don't..."
76561198031045181,Not Recommended,232810,9143038,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,MIKE,NOT much going on in it
,Not Recommended,232810,25485857,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,KazzM8,How a game that's not being worked on is still on sale as early access is beyond me
,Not Recommended,232810,9146492,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,the trash collector,"Although I have put a few hours into the game and enjoy it - I don't recommend it. It's STILL in beta after.. what, a few months already? And it's honestly just clicking. Oh, and sometimes you click AND drag.And when I say I enjoy this game, I mean that when I'm bored I play it just to pass the time as something mindless to occupy myself with - there's pretty much no depth whatsoever and it's tedious/repetitive. If this were a flash or facebook game, or something for free in the app store, I'd recommend it. But as a $19.99 steam game, I don't recommend it whatsoever. If you've got a few extra dollars in your pocket and nothing to blow it on, go right ahead. But know what you're getting into."
,Not Recommended,232810,22408628,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,FilthyFister,"Developer made a clone of the game for free then tried to make ingame transactions. Most money grubbing, laziest, untrustworthy developer by far. To put this into perspective i've been through double fines space base DF-9 flop and the terrible neglect ace of spades suffered from lazy uninspired developers."
,Not Recommended,232810,32227658,Posted: 6 June,all,ADT | Phaiz [SKVR],Bought this like 5 years ago and haven't played in 4. Still EA and probably abandoned. Don't buy this or anything else from these people.
76561198043076089,Not Recommended,232810,9673376,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Ricefield Marauder,Kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ at the moment.  I'd wait if you want it now.
,Not Recommended,232810,13102224,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,MaroBaro,"Ohh Peter, what have you done? Dungeon Keeper is the sole reason I don't fly to England and kick your sorry butt.So, Peter, came up with the greatest idea ever. See, there is no early access for iPad. So what can Peter do to get the money to develop his pay to play game for iPad??? Well, come to steam early access, sell it to us suckers, and then have enough moolah to make what he really wanted.Now, it would of been just fine if he actually finished the game for PC, but he can't since if he does then there will be no reason to play it on iPad and pay money, so all you suckers get a pay 2 play game without being able to pay 2 play. I know, it sounds kind a crazy, but it is exactly what happened.22cans you are a disgrace! If I were to tell you exactly what I think of you this review will not get approved by steam moderators :("
76561198041282479,Not Recommended,232810,9368610,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Dorian Jay,For now all I can say is NEEDS UPDATES!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,232810,8640775,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Falcosmirk,"Was fun for a few hours when I first got the game, and then the sheer amount of clicking got old. Interesting concept, I hope that I can change this review to recommend the game at a later time."
76561198012720788,Not Recommended,232810,9596483,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,chibisuke,"Even more boring since 2.0... It lacks something that makes the game funnierThe game is slower and slower, everything is made to make it boring...DON'T BUY IT, you'll regret it really fast, freemium model but without the payments (that will make the game worse anyway)"
,Not Recommended,232810,13606159,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Tacostroke,"Hey, don't pay for this crap."
,Not Recommended,232810,11606659,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Psyckiller,Dull as dishwater...
76561197977802172,Not Recommended,232810,9189054,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Dick Dodgin',Moneyjewux does it again!
,Not Recommended,232810,12043079,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Ilnor,"I remember when i first played this game it was fun...Now it feels like they're just turning it into a mobile game where you buy gems or somethingShort review, this is unplayable"
76561198006362598,Not Recommended,232810,12734833,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,tdpitt2006,"This game was/is a lie. The developers said it was to be ONE game, and as they received more cash, the further away from a PC game they went. It's now a facebook clicker game, a microtransactions game, a worthless shell of the PC game. PM and his fools at 22 Cans should never be allowed anywhere near STEAM again. On a scale from 1 being MALWARE amd 10 being a great quality game, GODUS slinks in with a -3. (because with malware, it sets itself up and does a dirty job - with GODUS, YOU pay for it, and it devolves into a facebook microtransaction clickfest)Just another reason to NEVER buy into Early Access games...STEAM should be ashamed of themselves."
76561197986745906,Not Recommended,232810,13375873,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,salty hat,"Seems so different to what they initially descibed, and to what most people bought into.It's a mobile game for the PC.I feel sorry for the people who paid full price for it.The turorial was designed for an idiot (probably by an idiot).Peter Molyneux has got his head shoved so far up his bumhole."
76561198017699437,Not Recommended,232810,8764878,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,thatmoron,"This is one of the most boring, unimaginative, brain dead and uninvolved games I have ever had the misfortune to spend money on. Although this is stated to be ""early access"", the mechanics and gameplay basically come down to ""lets how often we can make you click random stuff on the screen""I am sure there is some limited market out there for people who like games that offer no challenge whatsoever, but simply keep you occupied, and I wish 22Cans all the best with their project. Personally, however, I wish there was a way to get my time and money back. What a boring game."
,Not Recommended,232810,7889401,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Lovely Ocarina,"I loved playing this game - thinking it was going to evolve and grow as we gave feedback to the Devs. Seemed really exciting to be ""first in"" and paid £15 to do so. Unfortunately the devs have gone completely silent, they ignore the fans and there has been no update in 7 weeks.The game is very much a bare bones ""cookie clicker"" god game.  I would say that if you are interested in the game that you wait for the full release (or at least til they add some actual strong content beyond the bare bones). At the moment there is a lot of hot air about what the game is promised to be, but a very worrying lack of actual updates."
76561197982057353,Not Recommended,232810,8646625,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,NooB,Thet's bed idea to do in the game minitransactions. Thet's killing the Godus. Game about farming money from us...
,Not Recommended,232810,8648823,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,neveleven,"I know this is early access, but its such a disappointment. You need to spend a lot of time waiting and not doing anything to progress in this game. U need to satisfy the needs of ""FLAT LANDS"" for your follower early on, and that's it.I hope this game improve a lot by the time its actually released."
,Not Recommended,232810,8812698,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,EMPYREAN,The game isn't ready yet but so far I am disappointed to much mindless work for to little result I hope they will balance this out in the future and add something to take the boredom out. Right now you'll be bored in 30 minutes.
76561198062548147,Not Recommended,232810,9878684,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Lokisthrall,With recent updates Godus has gone from mediocre to unplayable. Quite simply not worth even trying to play. The few redeeming qualities of this game serve to do little more than emphasise the rest as an utter disgrace.
,Not Recommended,232810,18882206,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Nyanpan,"is♥♥♥♥♥♥ dont get. if you get you sign your soul to the devil. or some♥♥♥♥♥♥like that,"
,Not Recommended,232810,18721975,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,KrivZ,"Watch out, these guys are THIEVESI have played this game and left it active while i left the house, don't bother with either.""the new god game""  nothing happens.  just like prayerTHIEVESDon't fall for it.0 stars"
76561198039423947,Not Recommended,232810,18948202,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Princess Sascha,"Too broken, like a bunch of kids programmed this software."
,Not Recommended,232810,17191011,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Cozy Dude,"Terrible game.F*** you Peter, YOU LIED TO US!This game is a terrible, terrible pile of s***!I thought this was going to be an amazing game but I am absolutely appalled by the lack of any good game play what so ever.I hate you 22 cans. I hate you"
,Not Recommended,232810,16752019,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Ironlion45,"Dissappointing, largely abandoned by developers."
,Not Recommended,232810,8653676,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Laissez Faire,"When I first saw this game I thought it looked like A nice new idea. Then I bought it and first played it. This game, while looking promising, is the exact same as those facebook games like Farmville. So if you like those games. then stick with those games and dont buy this because it is exacly the same except those are free."
76561198090605743,Not Recommended,232810,25026085,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,mr.seventenski,"Well on the bright side I learned that ""♥♥♥♥ you, molyneux"" has a nice ring to it."
76561198095636232,Not Recommended,232810,9537464,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,MikeDommy,Kinda lame......all you seem to do is have your guys build houses......70 houses later and nothing is new...... Want a good game? Play Banished!!
76561198007333451,Not Recommended,232810,12655873,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Warlordnipple,Don't buy this GAME! Clearly a huge Ripoff now. The company that mad it are a bunch of cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who should have their steam license removed forever.This is now a fremium game that they want to charge 20 bucks for because they are a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who want PC users to fund their fremium game launch.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!
,Not Recommended,232810,8639073,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,malvar,"Edited for Version 2:Don't buy this game! It's a slap in the face of the whole idea of crowdfunding!While half a year ago, i still thought the developer's were just a bit mislead and i was still positive that maybe eventually Godus might turn out great, the latest patch shows that this is neither realistic nor even seems to be intended by Peter Molyneux.This is the way i see Godus now:You are not paying for a full PC God Game but instead you are financing the development of some (probably F2P) cash shop game for tablets and smartphones!Of course you will get a free PC version without said cash shop but that doesn't mean the game won't be balanced in a way that makes you want to pay extra money to progress faster.Instead you will end up with three choices:1) Play the game very patiently as it takes forever to progress and you will be forced to take long breaks in between play sessions waiting for your belief to recover and your buildings to be finished.2) Get the game for your tablet as well and spend money in its cash shop to progress in a decent amount of time. In other words: Pay a lot more to actually play the game whose development costs you have paid already.3) Decide to just not play Godus and accept that you wasted almost 20$ (or even 20€ if you live in the EU like i do) on the development of a cash shop game for tablets and smartphones that you don't even want to play.Whichever your decision will be, you will feel sorry for buying Godus on Steam Early Access, just like (almost?) everyone else who made that mistake before.In my personal opinion, Peter Molyneux had better just took the money and run, not developing a game at all.At least that would have been comparably honest and there wasn't a chance anymore that even more people could fall for this!Disclaimer:The above is just my personal view on this game. I am convinced that i am right with everything that i wrote but obviously i can't prove that things will happen exactly as i predict.I could also be wrong about Peter Molyneux's intentions and he might actually think that what he is doing with Godus is exactly what will make his customers happy, even though all of us keep telling him that we hate the way this is turning out.Godus might also end up being a great, balanced game for PC users and there might not even be a tablet/smartphone version with a cash shop.From everything i've seen so far, all signs point into a different, very ugly direction though and the only reason i'm not calling this whole thing a giant, ruthless scam is that i would have to be able to provide proof for such an accusation, which i obviously can't. Nevertheless, from my personal point of view, it just looks that way...If you believe i am wrong (just as all those other negative reviews), at least take the time to take a look at how the Godus team responded to criticism so far and whether you really feel that they are being honest and open for what their players actually wanted when they paid for this game to be developed. If afterwards you still think that you should buy this game, go ahead and have fun. I would be happy to know that my money at least made someone (aside Molyneux and his team) happy, even if it's not me..."
76561197995436761,Not Recommended,232810,9824169,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,jcaracc2003,"I do not know if Peter Molyneux or 22 Cans will read this review but I hope they do. I really had a hard time deciding whether to give this game a ""yes"" or ""no"" and here is why.While I believe that this game has amazing potential - even reaching the pinnacle of excellence of Molyneux's earlier efforts. Old school gamers are undoubtedly aware of the great games from Bullfrog - a company he built. Games like Populous I and II, Powermonger, Flood, and Black and White I and II were innovative and introduced the concept of a ""god"" game taking Will Wright's and Sid Meier's examples to deific heights. And herein lies the problem my gamer friends: all of those previous games had a clear focus. GODUS, while having a theoretical focus lacks that same focus in practice. I opted in for the 2.03 patch and I am sorry that I did. Version 2.01 gave the player a real sense of progression and the world seemed alive. There was at least a hint of the potential this game has. Even the notoriously tough Rock Paper Shotgun reported that the improvements in GODUS were positive. Then, the 2.03 patch was released and plagued this already troubled game.""Stickers"" are perks the player unlocks to gain more powers and further her/his civilization. These were found in treasure chests randomly placed in the homeworld. You had incentive to sculpt the land to find these and actually progress in the game.It pains me to say that these perks are virtually non-existent. In fact, it feels as though the gamer has a much better chance of wining a major lottery than actually uncovering anything beyond the first chest in the ""tutorial."" That is a pity. Pre-2.03 I was mesmerized by this game and felt I was making progress; that feeling is gone and the game has regressed to the point where it was BEFORE patch 2.01 and you are again back to merely dragging land around. In fact, because of the dearth of stickers, you will reach a point in which expanding your tribe's area is impossible.Worst of all? When you quit the game, everything freezes and you have to use Task Manager to end the process!I will recommend this game if and ONLY if Mr. Molyneux and 22 Cans addresses these core game mechanics.There is much more I could write but, I hope that gamers get the gist. This game COULD be great but as it stands since the 2.03 patch, it is beneath the standards once set by Peter Molyneux himself. Mr. Molyneux, with all due respect sir, you have lost your revolutionary vision and thus far have produced a product that has descended from ""good"" to below mediocre. It really saddens me to write this but I must be honest. Please refocus and make GODUS the game you promised it would be?"
,Not Recommended,232810,7876490,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,I'm playing Sniper.,it's♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197971667673,Not Recommended,232810,13366882,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,[ImP] Bergzwerg,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,232810,13843863,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,SquareNexus,"I would not recommend this game to anyone with a PC (Desktop & laptops), I would suggest trying it on a computer if it is simply low end. The game is sort of what would happen if someone mixed Black and White with Sims but using a Graphic Engine that been desired to map out geographical layers/ contour layers of terrain.Basically without trying to sound like a pretentious fairy - experience coming from playing Overlord 2.(also very recommended) This game is sort of an artistic statement in itself, it would likely appeal to someone of an extremely colourful or over happy mind. (basically they would need to be High as &£*!) Or simply put - people that believe in happiness through meditation and seeking harmony. Also all that ♥♥♥♥♥♥you saw your mother go through when trying to connect more spiritually to what every Unicorn/Fairy she could find.The reason it works for me however is more to do with the fact that there's a cool♥♥♥♥♥temple that you can only get in the PC version and allows you to sacrifice followers to so you can convert their ''SOULS'' to gems and spend them to gain really nice features which technically could have simply been placed into the damn game without need for gems. Like the darn ''Believe'' system, which is basically these giant pink balls/bubbles that hoffer above each followers house, which is kind of odd considering they need to be happy to produce believe... I mean, think about it... They are stuck in what could be considered their stone age & there's thunder and lighting and rain which in the words of my childhood ''will huff and puff, and ''Almost'' blow your house down''. How can anyone stay happy when living through that. There's even a group of Half Naked Neanderthals in red masks laughing at a few meters away. Your followers simply walk past them... like c'mon how depressed can a person be to not even lash out in violence. Ignoring this however....The Bubbles produce what I can only call basic high and low notes depending upon which order you click them in (sort of) if click more then one around the same time it will produce what sound like a classical from a composer but the composer being slightly drunk at the time of composing.In all I would not recommend this game because its really only suitable for a Hippie as it will help them focus on their god damn uncorns or simple for a sadist sacrificing people/followers into a well and hopefully it would stimulate them enough to cause a realization that they wasted money on this game. So to Everyone else ''NO'' just get the app."
76561198079438106,Not Recommended,232810,11474880,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Pony_Boy,please just take my word for it this game is a rip off if your thinking about buying it dont and save your money avoid this game at all cost
76561198000565687,Not Recommended,232810,9435752,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Berieal,Haven't done one update since I bought it 5 months ago.
,Not Recommended,232810,17663038,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Wu Ziheng,Peter Molyneux.
76561197979004887,Not Recommended,232810,18846408,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,[Gavra]Hipno,Another failed kickstarter game...
,Not Recommended,232810,7872399,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Smiler,Warning DO NOT BUY this game! They have restructured the company and are trying to appeal to the emotional interest of buyers but that doesn't change the fact that the game in it's current state is garbage. Wait for a full release which will happen in 3-5 more years.
,Not Recommended,232810,12823548,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,SuperFisch,"Why I would want to play a freemium platformed mobile biased game on PC is beyond me.  At one point it appeared as though they were making headway into a semi-reasonable attempt at a GOD GAME, but given the current development direction I don't see it coming back from the brink.  I will certainly update my review if this should be in any way an entertaining game in the future.  I have the benefit of having a touchscreen monitor, and this does not make the terraforming any less repetative or ridiculously futile, nor does it make it any more enjoyable.  That being said, this is being developed as an IOS\Android mobile pay-to-play which in no way reflects what I had expected to be supporting as a PC gamer, early access or not.  Additionally, Peter and crew seem to misunderstand that a GOD GAME is not SNES's Lemmings, which is astounding to me as I would have gladly paid three times the amount for a Black & White 3.  This is a horrible Sim-City clone containing irritating, insignificant, and useless villiagers.  As GOD, I am wholeheartedly offended.  Someone will eventually make the game that this should have been, just don't wait for it to be 22cans."
,Not Recommended,232810,10269734,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,CAST13L,"Ewwwww horrible game... No thanks, wheres my refund?!!?"
76561198013308579,Not Recommended,232810,14290942,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Kanzler,"Still waiting for my money back.Any time now, Ponzi Studios."
76561198085256001,Not Recommended,232810,8657592,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Pom,enjoy not getting your money's worth? then this is for you.
,Not Recommended,232810,9312964,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,firestarter_Cx,Card collecting simulator 2014
,Not Recommended,232810,7936918,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Ammy,click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click click 2/10 its the paid beta test for a f2p mobile game
,Not Recommended,232810,9443826,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,💛Kohath,Terrible game
,Not Recommended,232810,9078908,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,MotS,There has not been an update in forever. Molyneux does it again.
,Not Recommended,232810,7767841,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,hsshss2005,loading!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I can't open the  F YOU CK ING game !!!!
76561198030109797,Not Recommended,232810,9110709,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,The Architect,"Definitly was not what I was expecting, quiet sad really."
76561198009588556,Not Recommended,232810,9116766,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Rhino,"What a steaming pile of non-stop maintenance mouse clicking and pay walls.  Yeah, pay walls in a purchase game.  Not only are you asked to buy the game but there are huge time sinks that require cash shop purchases as well for any meaningful progress which is NOT communicated anywhere.  It's pretty much a bogus cellphone game gimmick for your desktop.The makers of Godus have been taking pro tips from EA on how to make a good concept bad and rip folks off in the process.  A shame I gave these guys money only to learn they want more of it for me to play with the full expeirence.  I'll be keeping my eye on these devs.  Never again, EA lite.  Never again."
76561198007340353,Not Recommended,232810,9117161,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Hardly,"Where to start?There is no game, this is a terraforming simulation and not a very good one.  You see, the thing is, that it is a terraforming simulation with a very bad control method meaning it will seriously hurt your wrist to play this game.  I'm not exaggerating.  Do not assume they have made things easy for the player.The game is inherintly un-fun.  The only challenge is the physical challenge of clicking, click for belief, click to terraform the land.  Ultimately this serves no purpose and there is no challenge.  You dont make decisions. There are no tradeoffs or consequences.Basically what the game comes down to is that your role is to flatten the whole planet, raise up the land under the ocean, level the mountains and destroy every tree, rock and wolf that might get in the way of your peoples expansion.  For their part you people do not much interesting other than breed.As it stands the game is a glorified facebook game, except it costs $20US.  Peter talks about how F2P games ""crucify"" the player by making them wait for things to be complete (e.g. 1 hour for a house to build), this is exactly how GODUS works. If you love games like Farmville, then this is probably the game for you.Having said all this the thing you should be most concerned about is that the developer 22Cans has not released an update since mid October and has not provided meaningful communication as to the state of the project in several months.  Based on their own comments they appear to be investing a lot of effort in a pending mobile release of the game which may turn out to be free.  I hope you see where this is going.I strongly encourage you to read the comments on the forums before purchasing."
,Not Recommended,232810,9124100,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Backlash,"Don't bother with this game, Especially in early access. They announce that it will be launched as a F2P so dont bother shelling out 20$ to beta test an incomplete game. Its also not worth the money as the game starts fun and quickly sags to a boring state of repitition. don't let the colors and sounds fool you, this game is not what they advertise and since its going F2P you might as well go download loadout, drop 20$ into that and have fun for your money,"
,Not Recommended,232810,9131720,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,skyflier,"Find a crack ♥♥♥♥♥ and give her $20.Your money is better spent that way!Absolutely NO visible development has occurred on this boring click-fest of a ""game"" since October 2013!22Cans DOES NOT even bother to communicate with the people who supported them with the Kickstarter program.In fact, Got Us (Godus) is an embarrassment to the Kickstarter concept.  Steam should pull this title immediately so more people don't fall for this scam.Oh, and whatever you do, DON'T say anything negative about this con job in the forums!  The moderator is a Stalinist named Miur who bans people who state the obvious - that Got Us is nothing more than a front for a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who actually wanted to create a Facebook app.  Of course, there are so many negatives that he can't keep up."
,Not Recommended,232810,9138667,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Guyler,"The current state of the game consists almost entirely of clicking/dragging land, and clicking purple bubbles so you can points that you can use to click/drag more land. Occasionally you will dig up cards that you can click on that don't do anything useful. In the future there might be more to do other than click on land and purple bubbles, but there isn't right now, so this game gets boring and repetitive very fast.There isn't anything else to say since nothing has been added to the game, and there's nothing else to do."
76561197984003614,Not Recommended,232810,9140374,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,MaggiWürze,"its a soulless effort to milk backers and Early-Access buyers. The ""Game"" has almost no significant features and the ones it does have are boring placeholders (at least i hope that they get replaced). Everything else was already said. Dont buy it. Dont support people like 22Cans and Peter Molyneux."
,Not Recommended,232810,8953947,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Miss Ixi,"I understand that this is an early access game that's only about %40 done. But prior to buying it seems as though it's been like that for a couple months, if not more. I waited at least 4 months since I was first interested in the game, to buy it. It's hard to say if anything else was even done to the game in that time. I did have high expectations for this game based on the videos and screen shots provided for the game. I did not expect a finished product, but I did expect more for the price. I should of never bought it. I will not buy any more early access games from here on out. Even with prior knowledge that the game is not complete, I feel like I've been cheated and that early access games are becomming a scam.There is limited movement when dragging the land mass to where you want it. After a while I found it frustrating because it wasn't moving where I would direct it, or it would bounce back to where it was. Once your settlers begin to build homes, it's very easy to accidently destroy the home when trying to adjust the land. Frustrating when your population is growing.My first attempt playing this I hit a dead end within the first half hour and had to begin again. My second attempt I hit another dead end about an hour in. It's not as simple as just restarting, considering there's no option to do so. In order to start all over, you have to go into Godus' files to delete the saved files. Terrible.At this point I'm unsure of how far I could actually get in the game because I was unable to make it past the beginning section within 2 hours of play time. I felt as though at least 1.5 hours of that time where a complete waste. I took the risk and now regret it. 2hrs and $20 later... Thank you for wasting my Sunday morning."
76561198098107509,Not Recommended,232810,13676346,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,gyghyt,crap
,Not Recommended,232810,14451386,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,The Bird In the $6300 Suit,"Such a great idea botched by a developer who promises more than he can deliver.-10/10, would not buy again"
76561198081879089,Not Recommended,232810,11595274,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Sigma162,"I wish I had not got it, but it is early access so maybe some hope?"
,Not Recommended,232810,23227994,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,kamandi,"interesting early game, but it peters out pretty quick. resources become too scarce to advance in any reasonable time frame."
76561198064541009,Not Recommended,232810,24677259,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,[HT]CookieCrumblr,"Like most of these other reviews, I bought this game a long time ago, very excited to see the final product it would become. It looked very promising and had an amazing concept that I enjoyed. This project really had amazing potential, but like all the other reviews said, it's been quite awhile since the last update, of anything for that matter. I would be playing this much more if it had the content that it said it would have. Still, after all this time, I have hope for something change."
76561198039914369,Not Recommended,232810,20700773,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,stephen,"Absolutely disgusting.Steam should extend their refund policy to include gamed which never leave early access status, regardless of hours spent playing.In fact the more hours one has spent in a never finished game the more time a consumer has invested helping a scumbag developer on a never completed project. So the most ethically sound solution would be to force the developer to pay the customer double their money back out of their pocket as both a punishment and deterrent for being such ♥♥♥♥♥."
76561197987176654,Not Recommended,232810,13440757,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,BlackLabel,Just your generic Moulyneux cashgrab.
76561198002858400,Not Recommended,232810,15632800,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Cuminator,Just plain bad waste of money
,Not Recommended,232810,12194449,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,yung goof,Quite a bad game. This is the type of game that will never get better.
76561198019557216,Not Recommended,232810,14895651,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Nutkick,"Populous, Black and White, Syndicate - gave me faith in this.This has ruined supporting early releases for me and probably for many others.  Stay away.  Horrible horrible game.Here's another shovel of dirt to fill this grave . . ."
76561198026608535,Not Recommended,232810,14906557,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Panamo,they gave up
,Not Recommended,232810,14873762,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Kolya,Is ♥♥♥♥ do not buy
,Not Recommended,232810,26465340,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,RunTowardsDanger,I don't even have the time or energy to describe how bad this game is. Just.... stay away!
,Not Recommended,232810,11017690,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,♥‿♥ Meerish ♥‿♥,game of how fast you click mouse button as i see it...
,Not Recommended,232810,9623096,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Andrew ♥,what
,Not Recommended,232810,13411545,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,HARRYDIX,"So patch 2.54 came out, was fun for about 30 minutes til i went to sculpt and it crashed, loaded up played 30 more minutes again crashes. PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD you fix one thing then ♥♥♥♥ up another part people really would think with a name like peter molyneux it would be good. Wait oh yeah this is exactly what you would expect froma peter molyneux game, tons of potential that is poorly executed."
,Not Recommended,232810,13664191,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Copykill,"What a waste of time!Is the Godgame-Genre really dead?Even with the ability to speed up the game with mods, it still sucks!It is a paid game but feels like a some turd from the makers of Farmville, so what the ♥♥♥♥?Peter Molyhype, stop making crap, and do something inventive again."
,Not Recommended,232810,16935888,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,TKN_Jez,"Another Molyneux fail, lie, cry, whine because he (again?) didn't succeed. Not even worth these review lines. Don't buy this game, really!Ce jeu pue la♥♥♥♥♥♥♥et la défaite, Molyneux a encore menti, et a chié complet dans la colle. Bref fuyiez et ne prenez SURTOUT pas ce jeu!!"
,Not Recommended,232810,13591737,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,SER | Klumzee (Recruiting),"This game was clearly built to be a mobile game. You have to wait hours and hours to play this. Since we don't leave our computers on twenty four seven and have the same program up all the time you will spend so much time to do simple things in this game. It even lets you buy Gems which you unfortunately will use unless you are immortal and you have infinite amounts of patience. Unfortunately for us mortals we don't, at least not all of us will sit for hours waiting for one adobe or beacon to be built. A good way to play this game is to either edit the files of the game to make it faster(thanks to workshop some people have) or do this. Get this program called cheat engine and edit your gem and belief values so you don't wait forever! Link to cheat engine:http://www.cheatengine.org/Here is another review by someone on youtube before the game was miserably slow:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4aOjycc0YTII'm sorry 22 cans, but don't release something meant for mobile on computer. When this game wasn't slow I could've considered it somewhat enjoyable to play, but now.... I am dissapointed at the waste just so you can make some more money. I will not buy another game from 22 cans due to this unless they are working with another company and even then I will be wary."
76561198015908651,Not Recommended,232810,14453357,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Open Road Boy,"I'm just happy that I at least bought it of sale.Early access, never again"
,Not Recommended,232810,16962903,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,NeedMoDro,"Given that I paid like $100 for the game 2 years ago and it's been abandond and is never going to launch, I'm kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. Would love my damn money back."
,Not Recommended,232810,15547107,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,ZSky,When i first tried this game in beta it didn't have alot of anoying bugs. but after the update (i think to v2.4) i had to start over completely and had a couple really bad crashes. Haven't started it since. In the meantime news came in that the dev's made a mobile game instead. Unfortunately this game is a waste of money. Do not buy!
,Not Recommended,232810,20637820,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Tabbed out IRL,"This is the game that ruined early access for me. It feels like poor developers who stopped caring once they got their money, which was up front."
76561198112958108,Not Recommended,232810,20640470,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,outdox,waste of money
,Not Recommended,232810,13770077,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,The West Ghost,"don't get me wong, its got some good ideas, but this game just does not work as a steam game. it feels like a mobile game( and I played the mobile verson of godus). its really just a port with small changes added in. and it does not work on steam or pc. your pointer is too small and it runs on a ""gem""-system(you collect belif/energy to keep progressing). trust me that you will waste your money here. but maybe it will get better as it gets closer to a finishing product.(and I like the mobile version, this was kind of hard to say)"
76561198015615601,Not Recommended,232810,9134036,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,terenfro1975,"Added April 4-23-2015I've had this game a while now.  Still crap.  Devs are not making progress now in over a year.  DO NOT BUY!!Populous type game that doesn't quite reach to the level op Populous.  That is one of the dangers of trying to follow a great game with new tech.  If you don't beat the expectation set by previous game, then don't get on the bus.  That's why I say no to this game that represents hours of click festing."
,Not Recommended,232810,11547055,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Baskingner,"I feel pity for the people who played this game longer then 20 hours. I saw that one reviewer played this game for 100+ hours... the poor ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. This game is utterly♥♥♥♥♥♥ unless you like clicking.I recommend you start playing cookie clicker, thats basicly the same game but for free!"
76561198057515610,Not Recommended,232810,11448753,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,ElectricSoap,"I just cant get myself to like the game. It's very repetitive all you do is move land around so the followers can keep building there houses. The cards slow the game down so you cant even expand until you move enough land to get to the monuments, but you need a lot of belief to move these land masses. The voyages dont change that much, but you get cards for them so you kind of need to do them. The followers have a such a hard time going on the right path. They go up a hill and then cant seem to go back down the hill the same way. So then they just stay up there doing nothing. I cant recommend this game because it is so empty and broken."
76561197982778998,Not Recommended,232810,25092926,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Dr. Pjuskedusk,:(
,Not Recommended,232810,31176739,Posted: 16 April,all,非常辣椒 (VeryHotPepperSeed),I payed for early access and this is what you give us?
76561198018080660,Not Recommended,232810,31140850,Posted: 14 April,all,vaudoo,This game is a Joke. Prime example of why you should never preorder.... Long development time... wich leads to nothing because they haven't released an update in ages... They milked the cow while they could and left... Populous was about 10 better in 1989 (and I don't even want to talk about black and white). It's a disgrace to the video game industry. Worst game in my library
76561198008228979,Not Recommended,232810,29283728,Posted: 15 January,all,Dreadnaught,A No Man's Sky for the God genre
,Not Recommended,232810,23191514,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,LongDeckStyle,"Ever since I first saw this game's trailer i loved it. I thought it would be amazing. That is, i loved the idea of it, the thought that i could nurture a people and all that was so cool.This end product is crap. I was promised an open world where i woulc meet other player's races. Nope. There wasnt any talk about this God damn cards of effing chests you have to find and stickers. This sucks. I would use other words but I am trying to be polite.I hate this game as it is and want my $30 back."
,Not Recommended,232810,21098297,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Vii,"DO NOT BUY. THIS IS A SCAM.This developer has a history of scamming customers and they should be banned from steam as well as fined via legal proceedings. They are trying to release and charge for DLC without finishing the base game, and they never will finish it."
76561198014444506,Not Recommended,232810,21906713,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Anthorax,"This game has been abandoned, what more can be said about it that isnt negative. I would gladly spit in the face of any of the lead developers in the street."
,Not Recommended,232810,31783341,Posted: 16 May,all,Hiws,Nope
76561197969353231,Not Recommended,232810,34283521,Posted: 16 August,all,Bica,Worst game in the history of histories. It has to be.
,Not Recommended,232810,8641672,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Potato McGruff,"I was looking for a Black & White or a Populous. Instead got ""Orb Clicker 2013""Unless some major changes happen here, don't waste your time or money."
,Not Recommended,232810,8573809,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,dheex,"At the moment how the game is, its not worth it. In my opinion the game is bland and frankly boring. Peter Molyneux hypes everything and this again is the same. Hope the game changes my opinion in the future!"
76561198000984952,Not Recommended,232810,11516857,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Dangerpotter,"This is the most mindless, boring, trash game I have played in a long time. I came in expecting a fun experience like Black and White was back in the day. WRONG! The gameplay consists of clicking trees. After you click tree you click a spot on the ground where a house is built. Eventually you run out of space to build your crappy huts so you have to raise or lower some land. That is about the extent of it. You keep on chopping trees, raising land, and building huts until your 50 hours in and realize you wasted your money on a bad smart phone game."
76561198079344586,Not Recommended,232810,8595282,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Lizard529,This Game is definitly not finished. But even when it is I don't expect it to be much better when it is. Stick to Black and White and Populous Peter
76561198057564029,Not Recommended,232810,9500963,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Milesey x,Still Sucks Major♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,232810,9739413,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,starmage21,Clicky Farmville type game which is not a lot of fun.
76561197993657118,Not Recommended,232810,10064356,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Paleorange,"DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS, the tablet/phone version is free, go try that instead if you are in anyway tempted. See below for review edit.I can't recommend, so far the development is extremely disappointing. I can see potential there but until the need to wait for arbitrary timers to countdown before you can continue trying to expand and the mindnumbing collection of belief mechanism is changed/removed I see no enjoyable gameplay in this at all. Updates come and go and little changes despite constant negative criticism from anywhere you care to look.""There is hope, the game is still in beta and could improve, but so far it is an example of why early access is very often a terrible idea. I want to believe Peter, but your lofty claims are so far not being delivered in the product.""Review Edit 24/03/2015: The above paragraph in quotes is no longer valid. 22Cans concentrated on developing Godus for mobile platforms and completely neglected the PC version. Now they have effectively abandoned the game leaving just a small team attempting to give the PC version some kind of story mode but the damage has already been done. This game is a mess of stunted game mechanics that completely ignored the PC platform. It is ultimately a grind with no reward or enjoyment along the way. Avoid, do not buy.If you like timers that control what you can do and when you can do it then great, get it on your tablet for no up front cost, you'd be a fool to play this game any other way."
,Not Recommended,232810,8642853,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,KokainTrollet,"I didnt like this game, in the reality of this game, all you do is remove or add some land so that your ''settlers'' can build houses, and that is all you do. you may also click a tree or a rock to get some points and also clear even more landscape so that they can build their houses... this game is in my opinion extremely boring after a short while, and the concept is quite bad too...Save your money for some other game, this game ain't worth the money."
76561198070134646,Not Recommended,232810,14495327,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,KumaBear,"Do not buy, it is abandonware, I personally am extremely suprised there hasn't been a class action lawsuit to get back the money that 22cans has essentially stolen with this game."
,Not Recommended,232810,17807273,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,bluefootedpig,"Seems to be very glitchy, haven't seen an update in forever."
76561198059180552,Not Recommended,232810,20691389,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Pita1216,"wished this work,everyone else has the ""the game is dead"" coverd."
,Not Recommended,232810,29365863,Posted: 19 January,all,MF,Peter Mollynew delievered.
76561198004921031,Not Recommended,232810,20947936,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Kemenor,"This game isn't finished and never will be, the developers have stopped working on it."
,Not Recommended,232810,24320176,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,CodyDev,♥♥♥♥ing terriblei am too lazy to write constructive criticism lol♥♥♥♥♥u
,Not Recommended,232810,9442129,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,The Frog,The game gets boring fast and they wont update this failed game.
,Not Recommended,232810,23010102,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Cybernated Wolf,Not much depth to what seems like an unfinished game.
,Not Recommended,232810,22694647,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Variolum,"Buggy, broke, and a complete let down. I tried picking it back up again recently, thinking that now that there had been more time, maybe they would have fixed some things. I can barely even get through the tutorial now."
,Not Recommended,232810,22747961,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,John,"How to ruin your reputation 101 when developing a game. This game had a promising start, looked good on paper, but it fell flat and failed to keep it's promises. Stay away from this product."
76561198007187624,Not Recommended,232810,22836095,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,chicken,do not buy this game it chit and it early = chit
76561198078225717,Not Recommended,232810,23006970,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,M A G N U M  D O N G,"Simply unfinished, and will be, for the next millennium"
,Not Recommended,232810,32053618,Posted: 29 May,all,cporchie,A lost cause of a game.
,Not Recommended,232810,12789239,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,xBlackxBlood,"I bought the early access version over or about a year ago.. It's still not finished. Granted they HAVE updated it and the update was significant enough for it to be more entertaining when it works properly.. It failed to save to the cloud, or maybe it doesn't even have that feature, so when I had to redo do my computer I had to restart.. over 34 hours on this game wasted.. and that was giving it a lot of attention to get where I was.. It's not worth my time to redo everything to end up where I was just to see where this slow paced game goes. It has an end, like most games. But it's so unrewarding. It becomes more of a rinse, wash, repeat.. process more then anything.. I love gaming. And I support a lot of game ideas. But it's frustrating to see where it's gone in over a year, one major update, and the release of the mobile/social version. That's about it. They don't give any estimate time in release date.. I've seen it to be fully available SPRING of this year. It's almost 2015.. and not finished. It's hard to recommend this game as is.. Maybe the finished version. But right now. I'd suggest to pass.."
76561198000304235,Not Recommended,232810,26758023,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,CHOP  CHOP,do not buy this pos !
76561198034740265,Not Recommended,232810,9637812,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Bizarro lexilogo,"Sigh...Okay, this game is an easy target. Soooooo many people have yelled that it's a cow clicker and ramped on this game to death. Then, after the internetters of the world resigned Godus to the 'kill it with fire' group, silence reigned over this game for a while, with a brief blip of info over 2013's winter. Then, a light came from the sky in the form of Godus 2.0, and proceeded to slam into the ground belching black plumes of smoke, before rising from it's crater, scarred and burnt, stumbling along repeating the comedic ""I'm okay, really!"".But really, is it worth it now? Nope. It's now 49% complete, apparently, and it still doesn't have that much resembling gameplay. It's got some more content and things, and is much better than previously, with numerous good additions and removals, such as the total obliteration of gems, or making settlements more affordable and the most important feature, of course...IT IS NO LONGER A CLICKFEST.You can now remove trees, rocks and gather belief all via clicking and dragging, which is a godsend (no pun intended). Gathering belief is still a bit of a pain once you build a decently sized collection of houses, and I think it should 'leak' through passively at a much less efficient rate once the houses' capactity caps. Settlements are also much better. They still pool all belief from houses into one source, but they now allow you to manually assign followers to certain occupations and have different types too. The card system has also totally been reworked, though it isn' the hugest of improvements it could've been. You now can collect 'stickers' which are used to activate upgrade cards you unlock by progressing, similar to before, but rather than requiring very specific ones, all the stickers have certain attributes assigned to them, and all locked cards require a certain number of an attribute. Overall, it's on the right track now, but still ain't worth the purchase. Perhaps when it's 100% done it will be a game worth purchase.Word of the day: Perhaps.EDIT: New word of the day, and probably the forseeable future: Never. It's been literal years since the game last got updated, the lead designer left the company, and there is near radio silence from 22Cans on the subject. Molyneux has lost every ounce of credibility he had left at this stage, and I sincerely hope he doesn't recover from this failure and is forced to leave the industry."
,Not Recommended,232810,10668410,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,liquidco2,it was fun to bein with had a black&white feel but now feels like abandonwarewaste of money
,Not Recommended,232810,10736297,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,𝘣𝘢𝘬𝘢 𝘴𝘩𝘪𝘯𝘫𝘪,peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is the worst person on this planet. peter is the worst person on this planet.peter is a w h o r e
76561198013146345,Not Recommended,232810,10584820,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Darkhood,Works like a Click !
,Not Recommended,232810,15766751,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Roo Attachments,crap game stay away do not go near
,Not Recommended,232810,12015125,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,R O B O C O P,"If you want a Facebook Game, this is your game."
,Not Recommended,232810,11966804,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Undying86,This is the game I refer people to when they wonder what the worst game ever made is.
,Not Recommended,232810,11808698,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,matt,"I would highly not recommend purchasing Godus.  The Devs seem to have no sense of direction with the game, and frankly it is utterly boring to play."
,Not Recommended,232810,11931400,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,jhedin10,"I don't think I would call this a game per se, so much as a toy.The closeest comparison would be one of those little RC cars, where the battery lasts for a minute, then you have to recharge it for an hour before you can get back to playing with it. Godus' battery currently lasts about 3 seconds if you've charged it for a couple hours; maybe 13 seconds if you charged it overnight.It really seems like Godus is trying to sell me spare batteries, so I can get another 10s or so playing with the car.Don't get me wrong, it's a pretty cool toy when it's running, and you could probably make a game on it. Like, you could make a really stylised sim city, where the ground is very fluid, and where the sims would build not only houses/buildings/industry, but interact with the scenery like as though it were really cheap to modify the real world's geography. Alternatively, a magic-y rts, where you could make wizards build geographic formations to help you in battle/hinder your enemies and suddenly put up a wall of earth that the enemies would have to tear through to get to your magic guild/tower/whatever. Actually, that sounds pretty fun, I should make that game."
76561198043988056,Not Recommended,232810,11957761,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Slobbish Mammal,"Good idea But takes ages to do anything, which is a shame because their this alot of detail in the game.So your a God with No power really!!!You Need belief but with out wheat and farms you cannot build.I know it seems that i dont like the game but i really want it to work and i hope the guys and girls at 22canscan fix the game play alittle.hopeful an update will correct the issues.I look forward to playing this game in furture and its going to be a winner for sure, but at the moment still to early for me."
76561197970760882,Not Recommended,232810,12022315,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Kritter,"I can't recommend it, because nine out of ten times I can't launch it at all. Every single new update that comes just piles more and more bugs on top as far as I can see. To be honest, I've had so much trouble trying to play it that I've all but lost the will to bother.On the very few occasions it's worked, it's been fine, if a little tedious with the clicking."
76561198151681940,Not Recommended,232810,11951185,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,hulkofworld,It quit working after a week and I emailed the company a few days ago but no reply. How do I get a refund for a game I was only able to play for 5 day?
,Not Recommended,232810,12087641,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,aoftailz,"Constant bugs, and crashes and having to restart games without warning. I've been with them from the start but this is just getting stupid."
76561198036220187,Not Recommended,232810,11969234,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Milamber,After learning about the concept of this game through the promoted articles and videos I initially found it interesting and have been following and playing the game since the first early access release. The sculpting and similarties to Populous kept me entertained for a while but I soon became bored and frustrated with the lack of content and strategy. I still thought it had a lot of potential so waited for new updates but unfortunatly with each new update there is a inital boost in interest which only lasts a while until the same feeling of bordem or frustration with the game returns. Perhaps it will one day become the deep and engaging god game that was so passionately promoted but at the moment loading it up just leads to unsatisfied and irritated feelings of 'Why I am playing this?'
76561198036716256,Not Recommended,232810,12014086,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,councilgritter,"Not good enough to warrant the price tag as a paid for PC game. The AI of your minions can be very poor at times, combine this with the lack of accuracy of the mouse cursor these cause a lot of frustration and wasted time and resources. I think this title is fully justified as a free game on iOS or Android but really does not warrant the cash you have to pay for it on PC."
76561198041487085,Not Recommended,232810,11987463,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,KillerBrit,"I brought this game early on, it seemed to be good, no where near finished but had promise to become a very fun game. Now I revisit and find it had become a farmville type game. I am very disappointed by what the game has become and now wish I had never purchased it and my advice would be is to get it on your phone for free before buying it on steam. I hope the developers realise they have sold out and that they have almost made a clone of most the free 2 play games on facebook and smart phones and strive to make it again better but for now I can't play this without being mad."
,Not Recommended,232810,12670760,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Squazzie,"Do you know how moleyneux likes to big up his games a whole lot; Yet we keep buying into it.That is exactly what happened with ""Godus""The game is nothing like he said it would be, I see this game as being a mobile phone game for PC.One of those games where it starts out nice and sweet but as it grows the timers become too much to even bother checking up on them.Would i recommend this game.IF you like mobile phone games with big old long timers. YesOtherwiseits a waste of time."
,Not Recommended,232810,12671487,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,The Wrong Banana,Meh.
76561198118619301,Not Recommended,232810,13276898,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,7he5wordsman,It's good when it decides to load....but about 80% of the time it crashes........something's wrong
,Not Recommended,232810,12835955,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Dumb Quixote,"fun game for peope who wants to massage island endlessly. being Gods here is boring more than being mortal, jeesh..."
,Not Recommended,232810,13272144,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,genequagmire,"I defended this game far longer than almost anyone else.  Weyworld was the last straw.  I did not get the impression that I needed to make a Military settlement immediately.  When I realized this, I quickly made and placed one, which subsequently disappeared almost immediately.  Now there are Astari freely pounding on my stuff, and I have no way to generate resources to deal with them.  Translation:  Weyworld is irrevocably destroyed, and the only way for me to have another go is to start over and deal with the pointless week I'd have to spend in Homeworld to get back to that point.I feel like a battered spouse with this game.   I've loved and defended it endlessly, but I can't do it any more."
76561198034760040,Not Recommended,232810,13785710,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Kennilworth,Totally boring.
,Not Recommended,232810,14430772,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Fox,....
76561198045748303,Not Recommended,232810,14675090,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Septhexpenquatriduomon,"Okay so I already wrote a review on this, but since then so much has been changed in the game that I felt like I had to write a new one.So after all this Godus stuff in the media, I thought I might try to play the game again. And I did.Like I said in my previous review: the game is fun, but you quickly get tired of it.So unless you don't know what the game is about yet, you are god and  you're supposed to lead your followers and further their civilization, all while sculpting the land to your liking. Or rather A god. I'm not really sure anymore, because in the earliest versions, which I honestly enjoyed more, there was multiplayer. They seem to have removed that, but I honestly can't tell if they've just left it 10 hours farther into the game or if they've actually removed it completely. The multiplayer was FUN! Where'd it go!?Since my last review they've added some tribal-except-not-really-people called the Astari, and to be honest they're just really annoying, occasionaly sending a raiding party to one of your settlements... Which they've also changed, but for the better in my opinion. The problem with the raiding ""parties"" is that the game always tells you in advance ""THE ASTARI ARE COMING!"" and then you just whip out your 'finger of god' and crush them before they reach the settlement. It's fun at first, but unless you expand your influence they will always come from the same spot and it just get's really annoying after a while.Also, your followers are ♥♥♥♥ing idiots. Like the Astari raiding parties they just get really annoying after a while. Unless there's a really long stretch of land they rarely seem to be able to find their way around things. And just can't figure out what purpose the military settlements have. They're useless. You can do everything within your power to make the best pathway possible for them, but they still. won't. listen. I guess it could be an attempt at making your followers more ""human"", but that really doesn't mean much when you don't think of them as that in the first place. But that's highly unlikely. The AI's probably just inept.AND THEN ONE OF MY MAIN COMPLAINTS ABOUT THE GAME:The Astari; the other guys- the AI opponent so to speak- does not progress. Why!? When you start the game they already have one village, and this ONE village NEVER CHANGES. It's just there. Doing it's thing. Nothing happens. Just the occasional raiding party sent to your settlements. This doesn't make any sense, because it is implied that you move through the primitive age to the broze age to the iron age. That's hundreds of years in a few hours! How are these people not progressing?! An Age is a really long time.I would talk about the card and sticker system they have, but it's actually not that bad except you need more and more to unlock more cards as your progress.tl;drThe game is fun, but you quickly get tired of it. You will constantly find some small thing that you wish was better, and these stack up after a while."
,Not Recommended,232810,14449990,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Zetsumei Ikari,"dear developers....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561198053744951,Not Recommended,232810,14436590,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Pink Panther,"Disappointing click, click, click game. It is clear that it was designed for mobile to make money."
76561198053719384,Not Recommended,232810,14699254,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,angrylizzarg,"Promises promises... thats what you get from the developers form this game. I was very excited when i first bought Godus... its really just a scam. you can pay $20 for a broken, unfinished game, and just when you think youve been ripped off you are presented with a gem system (sound fimiliar with all the mobile pay 2 play games out there?) that costs real money only so that you can progress through the game without it being painfully slow. oh and I almost forgot the gameplay... click to collect recources, and repeat... click, repeat. In all honesty that is all the gameplay revolves around.in other words: unfinished, boring, storyless, costs real money to progressi do not write reviews, but i felt so ripped off that i had to make an exception!"
,Not Recommended,232810,14697534,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Chase Quinnell,"This game has been out 3 years and has barely delivered on anything promised to backers.  Shouldn't be a surprised, Peter Molyneux is a chronic liar and repeatedly fails to deliver on his promises.  Don't buy."
,Not Recommended,232810,13585559,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Cowwithguns,BAD GAME
,Not Recommended,232810,14533408,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,corhal,"It wasn't a free-to-play game with microtransactions, when I bought it.Now it is."
76561198114086229,Not Recommended,232810,16012200,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,madman,"Finally had it with this game from ""22 TRASH CANS"" updates recently have been non existent as has any contact from developers someone should tell Mr Molyneux that D1ck Turpin actually wore a mask when he was robbing people of their hard earned cash!!,"
,Not Recommended,232810,24215513,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,BananaKing932,Its been out since 2012 and not much has changed since then. That's all that really needs to be said.
76561198060831113,Not Recommended,232810,29963128,Posted: 16 February,all,Atlaz,Dont
,Not Recommended,232810,14831893,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Canadalism,Simply Terrible.
76561198009836701,Recommended,232810,21640074,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,mirabiletemporis,An adorable god game with little to no combat for those whol like to build and prosper without fighting of other tribes all the time. Also the abillity to compact homes is a stroke of genious. No more fields of idetical houses to contain your population.
76561197970699470,Not Recommended,232810,449642,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Saurbaum,Still don't get it yet.  It takes all the mobile style features of waiting for things to happen to slow the game down without the ability to pay to speed it up (thankfully).  You have to click to collect your followers belief and wait some more while they generate it.
76561198036759686,Not Recommended,232810,9504567,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,muadddib,Lot of false promisses.
76561198040697042,Not Recommended,232810,9512148,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Camomille,"I don't recommend this game, yet. You can't turn the camera. Those coffer you need to unlock cards are way too sparse. Lots of bugs too. Makes me think those dev don't play their own game."
76561198109297288,Not Recommended,232810,9511032,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,doug,I'm bloody furious. I bought the game as an early access.It was a rubbish click a thon.I wait months for them to improve it and when they do it comes with a bug hat causes it to crash 2mins into the tutorial on Mac EVERY TIME.This should be great but the developers clearly couldn't careless.Wait til it's finished.
76561198025783606,Not Recommended,232810,9775018,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,dissingyourdog,Crashes in tutorial.
,Not Recommended,232810,7883105,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,RaisusTheFlammie,"I got really bored of this really fast. Would have been better if it was a little more God-based and a little less of a click-fest.Oh and the card system? Yeah, totally feels wrong"
76561198052979506,Not Recommended,232810,9500746,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,M0j0,"Great potential, horrible game.With the 2.0 beta the dev's showed that they had no idea in wich direction they should develop this game."
76561197970643359,Not Recommended,232810,8651382,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Hegemon4Hire,Huge waste of your time and money.
,Not Recommended,232810,9440835,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,kurtboob,All you do is click the ground and dig up cards.
,Not Recommended,232810,9495099,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Wesir,"If you're expecting anything like Black and White, stay away.  The game is a cow clicker, that's all.  It's beyond me how someone who made Black and White could make something this bad, this is the last time I buy something by Peter Molyneux, all he cares about now is making himself look like the second coming of Steve Jobs."
,Not Recommended,232810,7876938,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,"poop, not blood","Godus is the latest sham-game from Molyneux that I have made the grave mistake in purchasing, even while discounted for the steam sale. It is a testament that he is a terrible dev in-as-much as that it is less a game and more a constant reminder that ""CLICKING IS A THING YOU DO IN A GAME"" and a vehicle in which to quicken the onset of carpal tunnel syndrome.If you enjoy clicking your mouse button and coming to the stark realization that really, though, that is all most games are ...THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU."
76561198005392413,Not Recommended,232810,8660078,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,riggz666,it is currently little more than an annoying free mobile/tablet game. I wanted to enjoy it but it is currently so far from what was mentioned at kickstarter i cannot recommend it
,Not Recommended,232810,9496973,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Nosh2O,Gave this game a shot when the Kickstarter ended and the Early Access began.  Had promis and was progressing quite well under v1.The Dev team basically went silent for several months and released v2.  Took some of the feedback and made some changes.  Enough to make me feel like this is a lost cause.  Peter is a visionary that does not know how to make his ideas come to life.  He is very good at promising things but not implementing them.  I feel bad for his team.  They will go down with him because they bought in like we all did. :(
76561198032084902,Not Recommended,232810,9565483,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,SanityBasket,"Please do not buy this, it will make you sad."
,Not Recommended,232810,9565829,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Scotty Rocket,"This game has no substance to it at all. Click , click , click and a bit more clicking. Ne feeling of acheivement or challenge in this game. Its the worst do not buy this game"
,Not Recommended,232810,7872715,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Noobixcubee,"Highly dissapointing, as a fan of populous I had high hopes for this game however like other reviews state its gameplay is more similar to a social network point and click than a sucessor to one of the greatest godgames....  2/10"
,Not Recommended,232810,7877275,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Mick,Rarely updated and badly optimized not worth
,Not Recommended,232810,9507019,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,xmasbanana,"So it was told that all of the mechanics were being rebuilt from the ground up... well now i just dont click as much.  besides a few random crashes for no real reason the game is just as dry, slow, and pointless as it used to be.  Games like black and white had a good sense of self and feel for who they were targeted towards.  this feels like a smart phone game that was ported to the PC and targeted at the wrong group of people.... I regret giving them any of my money"
76561198058331997,Not Recommended,232810,9535291,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Firelath,"Before the most recent update I really got into Godus, Worked well, could easily tell followers what to do and where they should built. But now its awefull, things don't work the way they should."
,Not Recommended,232810,9537932,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Frotnite❆,"The game is... Okay. I spent more time waiting for things to happen more then anything. It took a minute or two to really know what i was doing, but after i got the hang of things, and about an hour in, im waiting for the people to build the more advanced houses. so in turn, the game is about clicking bubbles dragging and pulling dirt, or knocking over trees and or bolders for currency or ""Belive"" So, if you are incredible at being suddle, its for you. if you like to actully feel like your doing things, then this isnt for you."
,Not Recommended,232810,9506304,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Hx. Your Insanity,"Would I recommend it? Not really. Buy it when it isn't early access.Bugs:-Followers will teleport around the map (rare, usually when followers get lost)-Map will become glitched, screen will flash intensely, forces you to quit (common, only happens further in the game for some reason)-Stickerchests/books will get burried under the map (rare)-Followers will make campfires on the water or sit on top of the water (uncommon)So far that I've seen ^________________________Notes-All followers breed like cockroaches-Building rise from the depths of hell-Followers are ghosts and can walk through anything-Godus 1.0 was a peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Godus 2.0 is still a peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥-""They promised less clicking"" ""They lied""-Followers do not have eyes, are are actually slender-people-Followers are made of cotton"
,Not Recommended,232810,9509268,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,ERock,"Avoid this game.  It's fun, sort-of.  It's just fun enough that it really pisses you off when it starts to break down."
76561198087198318,Not Recommended,232810,7876893,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,ARCHANGEL (ENG),"Just Pure Hate For ItCan see were they was goin with it but need loads more to make it any good , looks pretty , but narh no were near what i was hoping for all you do is click! and theres no real strategy involed !Its just like one of those free fb games you play to pass the time, cant belive i payed for it grrrr."
,Not Recommended,232810,9440858,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,神死因,So time has passed and I can shorten my old review to SCAM.Steam should ban them.I wouldn't buy any game in which Peter Molyneux has taken minimum part from this game on.
76561198045186475,Not Recommended,232810,14462160,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Zelnorf,"Had great potential, but the game has been left to rot.  There are many better games to buy with $20, don't waste it on this"
76561197963466508,Not Recommended,232810,9441392,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Shadow,I was so excited to play this game but I have never been so dissapointed. I ended up with wrist pain after about 5 minutes of playing all you do is constantly click to terraform the land and discover cards it is incredibly boring. DO NOT BUY this should be a facebook game you can play for free.
76561198041275344,Not Recommended,232810,30543189,Posted: 16 March,all,[OT9] Marie,if you want to see what this game is then i have done a video here. please check it out :) and i would personally not recomend godus -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ObJcQGJX3h8
,Not Recommended,232810,28827448,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kure[DJS],Another mobile click'n'wait.The game had potential.But no.
,Not Recommended,232810,13074224,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Peachfuzz,Well this game looked okay many months ago and i played it for a while and never picked it back up. This game is not worth your money.
76561197970362126,Not Recommended,232810,10065571,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Mr. Fibble,"Rome wasnt built in a day, it was however built well enough to last the test of time and is still standing today.Dungeon keeper, populous, black & white are similar in that they have stood the test of time pretty well and are still remembered by those that played them and the people that have heard of them.Godus claims to be a god game but as a god you are probably one of the most impotent deities ever to have existed. Your followers do whatever the hell they want and mostly just get on with life. Most of your time will be spent clicking bubbles to harvest what little belief they can be bothered to give you.Scuplting the map would be faster if you waited for an iceage than bothering to gather the mediocre belief only to find you either cant scuplt that layer or that the cost of moving a single layer has wiped you out, thankfully the BONG noise for low belief got removed.And so most of your time with godus will be spent with the game turned off playing another game while you wait for belief to refill. logging in clicking about and going back to playing an actual game elsewhere.So many other ways to spend £15 on steam, go find one of those or pay GoG a visit and pick up a god game that's not a poorly disguised appstore clicker."
76561198071248263,Not Recommended,232810,13041329,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Snorri66,"Started of as a great game, turned into a cheap mobile app... As if that wasn't bad enough, it won't let me start the game without internet connection. I really really hate those kind of games. I hope they remove the gems from the PC game. I have paid for a PC game, not some cheap mobile game. Why can't everything be purchased with faith? And all those long waiting times, what gives. What once was a great game turned into a piece of mobile game c**p! I really hope they fix it or find a way to give me my money back. >:("
76561197998052254,Not Recommended,232810,13043598,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,bluestang,"This game started with so much potential but has slowly turned into a mobile freemium game.  If they were to speed up resource collection it would be a fun near populous style game.  Instead it constantly trys to get you to spend the premium currency to speed things up to normal speeds.  They haven't stooped to selling the premium currency for cash that I can see yet, so there might be hope.   If they do move back towards making this a computer game and less a trick kids into increasing their parents phone bill game I'll make sure to update this review."
,Not Recommended,232810,13277338,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Wholly,"Well, I liked where it looked like it was going, but where it's gone - I cannot follow.Since I helped fund an F2P mobile game, how about you just send me my checks and I'll shut up.  I just wish I had known that this is what I was investing in when I signed up.The default ""developer commentary"" is an indication that you're DEEP DEEP in the weeds and way out of touch with your product.Did minecraft have a ""developer commentary"" or even a tutorial?"
,Not Recommended,232810,12911622,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Technologist,
76561198025702340,Not Recommended,232810,32376940,Posted: 12 June,all,NotSid,"Godus proved to me that Early Access CAN be a HUGE gamble, for consumer and developer alike. This is one of the worst failures I've personally been witness to. A complete joke of a game. I feel like a fool for ever buying it."
76561197988975932,Not Recommended,232810,30662445,Posted: 21 March,all,Divine Hobo,not finished or interesting
,Not Recommended,232810,23671908,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,S3ph,Dev obviously doesnt care about the game
,Not Recommended,232810,14425502,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,The Rarest Pepe,"Do you like Populous and Black & White? Are you thinking of buying this based on Peter Molyneux's legacy?Then this is not the game for you!Godus plays like a mobile game, looks like a mobile game, and it even uses a gem system like a mobile game (except you get the gems in game, not via a shop). Mainly because it is a mobile game. This is basically funding the ""free"" to play microtransaction filled mobile version of Godus.Godus is basically a game where you play as a god who has little to no control over his people, and has all the power of a wet noodle until such time that cards are made available to unlock (via milestones like having 500 people). In order to unlock them, you need to find stickers in the world and stick them onto the cards. You have to go door to door (via clicking and then dragging over the pink orbs) collecting belief like you're the tax man otherwise you can't actually do anything.And then you wait. You wait for houses to be built. You wait for houses to be filled. You wait for belief to accumulate. You click on a house and collect the belief. You click on a house to tell a follower to go and build somewhere nearby (if there is a plot available). You wait for the house to be built. You wai- you get the point. That's your core gameplay. Sometimes you'll move land a bit too.Aside from moving tiny bits of land around and knocking on doors, you have the exploration mini game, which is basically like Lemmings. The followers have the intelligence of a dead fly, and you have to scupt the land in such a way that they take the right way to the exit. That's really it. Sometimes there are enemies you have to avoid, which often results in you wanting to just drown your idiotic followers when they merrily march off to their deaths because you didn't notice the tiny bit of land that allowed them to climb up to where the enemies are. Of course, when you actually want them to use a tiny bit of land to climb up, do you think they'll do it? Hahaha, not on your life.The developers, 22 Cans, are very much on the rocks right now, and have admitted that some of the things promised aren't going to happen. So much for the persistent multiplayer Jupiter sized world where it's God vs God.TL;DRStay away. In fact, shut down your PC, lock it away, take your family and move to somewhere without electricity. I'm planning on one of those colonisation missions to Mars, but even then it wouldn't be far enough away from this game."
76561197984529935,Not Recommended,232810,14629474,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,everlucid,BOOOOOOOpayed $20cant even play the game...BOOOOOOOI want a refund.
76561198044743294,Not Recommended,232810,31984854,Posted: 26 May,all,biggie cheese,I can make a better game by slapping my balls against my keyboard do not buy this game. You should only buy this game for someone you don't like.
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,232810,21072991,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,WHOOLEE,"Do not ever give PM and 22cans anymore money or crowdfunding, it is always continious Lies and BS, how many more times is he going to rip us off and scam us."
,Not Recommended,232810,30288191,Posted: 2 March,all,uNople,♥♥♥♥ this game. ♥♥♥♥ peter moleneux. ♥♥♥♥ 22 cans.Any questions?
76561198026842891,Not Recommended,232810,30360543,Posted: 6 March,all,Capitane,Thats my first Steam Review and this game definetly earns that.Close to 60 hours of something I would describe as the worst steam experience in my library. So many promises and NO delivery.Please don´t buy that game and save yourself the shame of feeling bad about spending money on that.
,Not Recommended,232810,24502733,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Saucepain,This game is completely not what was promised when I backed the Kickstarter. A complete shambles. Do not buy.
76561198035442488,Not Recommended,232810,33706470,Posted: 21 July,all,ebonroc,This♥♥♥♥♥♥sucks♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,232810,9326558,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,💗Vaxi is back~!💗,"Not even gonna grace this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game with a legitimate review.Just do yourself a favor and don't buy this game. Don't support these piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥developpers.Valve get this filthy mess off of your software, it's dragging the average quality down."
76561198017943247,Not Recommended,232810,12250451,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,black culture,I would rather play farmville.
76561198043304241,Not Recommended,232810,19193781,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,No Ragrets,Seriously was not enjoyable.
76561198023643481,Not Recommended,232810,18379818,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,cody.trotter,"Absolutely terrible. It's been in early access for 2+ years. They promised one product, took our money and invested it in making a mobile/app/phone version of the game with microtransactions. Was hoping Steam would have the decency to refund my money - nope. First time I've ever been disappointed with Valve as a company."
,Not Recommended,232810,18486340,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Democrat,Dumbest game ever!
76561197987839013,Not Recommended,232810,18652712,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,SneezeJunky,"Just another game on steam that will never be finished. But if like mobile point and click click click click games, don't let this review hold you back."
,Not Recommended,232810,19124897,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Jerry Freeman,An absolutely beautiful game ruined by ambition.
,Not Recommended,232810,19209523,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Neuschwanstein,Almost as bad a Starforge
,Not Recommended,232810,19537087,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,You Got Rory's BoyShorts!,i got this game before steam reveiws were a thing.and now here we are.i dont like the multiplayer.i dont like the game mechanics.and i sure as hell dont like that the devs just gave up on such a wonderful idea.4.5/10 would awkwardly run from multyplayer lobby again.
,Not Recommended,232810,18950859,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Angry,"It turned out to be a scam, don't waste your money."
76561198089714874,Not Recommended,232810,34063556,Posted: 6 August,all,APexGAmer,"unfinished, really no care for customers, do not buy it is a waste of time and money."
,Not Recommended,232810,33717132,Posted: 22 July,all,SirHappy,"still in early access and htey have not done anythin in years. super sad that i payed for this game for no reason. sigh, will not super the creators of this game!! they gave up on ther fans and game, so who is to say that they will not keep doing this with every game. sigh"
,Not Recommended,232810,33766786,Posted: 24 July,all,name,it's a scam
76561197998197847,Not Recommended,232810,33920869,Posted: 30 July,all,Causality,"I was really hoping for a modern populous. I tried, for 13 hours I tried to like this game. Its just terrible. :("
76561198384097197,Not Recommended,232810,34018202,Posted: 4 August,all,Zeken246,The game keeps crashing and I cannot even play it:(( but its a nice game great if ur com can run it. Paid $15 for nothing! X(
76561198033651272,Not Recommended,232810,9711723,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,PCZ,"This is literally the worst game I have ever played and I played Superman 64. No. I'm not joking or exaggerating. Yes. It's THAT bad. How bad? It literally sent me to the hospital. No, that's not a joke, this game injures players.This game is awful and the 2.0 update fixed -nothing-. In fact, it made the game even more annoying, interrupting gameplay unnecessarily when you actually are able to play.  Where's this smooth, minimal clicking they keep talking about? This game is more click intensive than any game I have ever played in my life and the fact that I have to hold those clicks and constantly, constantly, swipe, causes my entire arm, wrist and even fingers to ache within mere minutes of playing.TOP PROBLEMS WITH THE GAME:#1: Because of the (NOT) ""smooth"" terrain shaping controls, which is the foundation of the game, the game is genuinely PHYSICALLY painful to play. The game literally hurt me, for a day and a half, just from playing for two hours to check out the ""improvements"". I, no joke, can see someone filing a law suit from serious damage caused from playing this game. Not even a joke or an exaggeration, read everyone else's reviews, it's almost unanimous. I play Starcraft 2 at a high level with no problem, a game centered around FAST mouse movements and literally hundreds of clicks per minute, with zero problems. It's not me, it's the game. This game has no business requiring more click work than Starcraft.#2: I don't care if you have a structure that gathers the energy all in one place, having to click individual structures to ""harvest"" energy not only disrupts game play, it makes problem #1 even worse. Worse, WHY would you FORCE me to interrupt my game play of land sculpting and exploration of the game world, to make me click even more.#3: The game is way, way, way, way, way, WAYYYYYY overly restrictive when you start the game. This is frustrating and incredibly irritating. Worse, the earlier it is in the game, the more -physically- painful the gameplay is, as more clicks and more swipes are required for even the simplest of functions.#4: The card system is even more annoying than ever, with it's constant beeping and bugging the hell out of the player instead of letting them play the game, not to mention, one again, even MORE unnecessary clicking. A hud pop up that disappears in  10 seconds on the upper left that doesn't obscure playing the game would be a much better solution. Not to mention it adds to problem #3.#5: The energy system itself, in part because of #2, is utter garbage. First of all, having to click trees and rocks over and over and over and over, again, adds more problems to issue #1. ON TOP OF THIS, energy often takes an absurdly unnecessarily long time to regenerate. I should not have to LITERALLY STOP playing the game for anywhere from 5 minutes to FOUR HOURS (of which the game must be running for) for every 2-3 minutes of land sculpting game play, to sit there and watch a timer go down and do absolutely nothing.#6: Trying to expand an island takes huge amounts of work trying to raise sea layers individually, as you can only sculpt a few layers at a time. This is perhaps an extension of problem #1, but it extends it to the point of being outrageous.Long story short?Not only is this game boring because it makes you wait A LONG TIME between short snippets of game play for literally no reason what-so-ever, not only is it extremely frusturating because doing anything in the game is a huge chore with even the most basic of game functions locked from the get go, but the game is PHYSICALLY PAINFUL TO PLAY. Yes, the game actually, honestly, really, HURTS you. It hurts you BADLY. It INJURES THE PLAYER, UNAVOIDABLY. A video game that physically injures the player due to it's integral gameplay function is absolutely unacceptable. Again, Starcraft 2 player here, have zero problems with extensive mousing, this game physically hurts my arm for days at a time after even just a little game play. Obviously after trying the update I no longer play it anymore, why would I? It hurts. A lot.DO. NOT. BUY. THIS. GAME.IT. -WILL.- HURT. YOU.Worst money I've ever spent. I'd honestly rather would of gotten a game that didn't start up, ever. At least it wouldn't of gotten the chance to hurt my arm and wrist so badly. I've heard of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ products before but usually I don't end up getting hurt as a result of trying them. Especially when it's a piece of software. Absolutely outrageous."
,Not Recommended,232810,18312671,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,a Greedy Jew,"Absolute trash, this game is a joke"
76561198080246938,Not Recommended,232810,28214726,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Mason,"This game is a lie. Has been from the beginning. If there's still somehow someone out there willing to spend actual money on this, I want some of whatever they're smoking."
76561197968571735,Not Recommended,232810,25195395,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,phantomdust,Peter Molyneux stole my money.Don't buy this.  Ever.
,Not Recommended,232810,14241332,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,l3,This is one of the games that teached me to: NOT BUY ANY ♥♥♥♥IN EARLY ACCESS/KICKSTART GAME EVER AGAIN!
,Not Recommended,232810,17080392,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,masterchief4240,"Однажды мама напекла целый противень пирогов и говорит дочке:- Красная Шапочка, бабушка заболела. Не отнесёшь ли ты ей пирожков и горшочек свежевзбитого масла?Красная Шапочка тут же встала и отправилась к бабушке. А бабушка её жила в другой деревне, за густым, диким лесом.Проходя через лес, она встретила волка. Волк хотел было её съесть, но побоялся, поскольку недалеко работали дровосеки. Поэтому он придумал план.- Куда ты идёшь, моя крошка? - спросил волк.- Повидать свою бабушку,- сказала Красная Шапочка. - У меня есть для неё горшочек свежевзбитого масла и пирожки.- И далеко тебе идти? - спросил волк.- Далеко,- ответила Красная Шапочка,- Её дом довольно далеко отсюда, первый с той стороны леса."
,Not Recommended,232810,17158999,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Pantsu,it's a piece of crap
,Not Recommended,232810,20938930,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Rambo,This game is a sham. Dont support this developer. they made promises and didnt keep them. Regret buying this game.
,Not Recommended,232810,28954503,Posted: 2 January,all,praise god,"it sucks, like bad."
,Not Recommended,232810,25919258,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,N3PA,refund plx
76561197992036311,Not Recommended,232810,23319444,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,shamandan,"First time I do this........................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/\'...\'/´¯¯`·¸........../\'/.../..../......./¨¯\\........(\'(...´...´.... ¯~/\'...\').........\\.................\'...../..........\'\'...\\.......... _.·´............\\..............(..............\\.............\\..."
,Not Recommended,232810,23393505,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,⎛Keyro⎞,I forgot I had this game.And its STILL in early access.Why do I still have this game?Would refund if I could.
,Not Recommended,232810,14539454,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Chi Chi Larue,"To be fair I have yet to actually play this game.  I purchased it in September 2014 and experienced the  ""Loading windows sound banks - crash"" that has been acknowledged by support but they have yet to fix it so I have yet to actually play the game.  I would sure like to have the opportunity to play the game I paid $30 for.  Steam support went to the circular file and 22Cans is focused on mobile development ignoring people like me who paid for the Steam version and can't play."
,Not Recommended,232810,652101,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Teflonto,Pretty much my biggest purchasing regret on Steam.
76561198025394635,Not Recommended,232810,8117274,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"My Worst steam buy this year, repetitive, nothing new, boring and promisses too much things on trailers that aren't in the game.Definely a real piece of ...A true scam to be true.These devs should be forbidden to contrct with steam again and sued."
,Not Recommended,232810,7870205,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Tricsun,"This game isn't even worth half the sale price it's at currently.  It seems like their goal for Godus is to make a freemium facebook game, and they're even failing at that.  Do not buy."
76561198082738208,Not Recommended,232810,16499845,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,King Strange,Trash game and should be banned off steam.
76561198082603881,Not Recommended,232810,12273068,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Praesmeodymium,"IOS game being sold as a pc game... I want my money and time back.You ""advance"" by unlocking a series of longer and longer timers.This is a free on IOS and android  Pay2Wait tool that's constantly on sale somewhere for 5$ don't ever pay more than that....This will be spacebased soon enough....Recently there has been less and less communication and less and less difference between this and the free mobile game. This is a continuing PR nightmare, just read the sub forums, and see howw many people are banned and deleted and just treated like trash by this games developers and the volunteer moderators."
,Not Recommended,232810,9439895,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Happy Dog,Just Boring
,Not Recommended,232810,9210237,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Servo the Husky,"Ooooooor instead of $15, I could go put paint in a winddex bottle and drink it. This is a super bad game to play..."
76561197960868317,Not Recommended,232810,9133101,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Luffy^- Skyjaskokkari,"This is a Cow klicker, of the worst kind..."
76561198002238706,Not Recommended,232810,14024074,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,rich.a.rowe,"Just ""No"".<edit Feb 2015>nearly 600 hours gone... as with other players a lot of those hours have gone by with the game running in the background, waiting for building (pre balance editor), belief, grain or ore.With the advent of Astari raiding parties (what version was that?) it was no longer feasible to leave the game running for long periods - if you're not paying attention the Astari raiding parties will decimate your population. So for a while - before I gave up - I was playing in 10 minute sprints (much like the way the game has been developed).I have wiped my save game and restarted so many times, I cannot count. Each time, I tried different strategies - sculpting vast flat expanses, working with the lay of the land, burning stickers, spending gems, saving stickers, hoarding gems - none is more satisfying than the other. I played through to Weyworld a few times but never played in Weyworld very long. I was dumbfounded, flabbergasted, gobsmacked that belief did not transfer from one 'continent' to another. My folowers built a wooden ark and sailed to a new world they didn't enter a wormhole and travel to a different universe. If we are a GOD, why would belief be localized to a givern continent? Anyway the early iterations of Weyworld were buggy enough that I never played on...ok, so I came back to see the ""story mode""... as I have seen in other posts, this is not a 'mode' it has no impact to gameplay (sic) whatsoever, and I'm not sure that it actually constitutes a story either...First , I had to reinstall Godus - it had been both uninstalled (including the prf files) and hidden in my steam library. What I have seen so far 4 blue chests each translating a small paragraph of text in a scrolling list. From opening the first chest, we can see the length of this first chapter - there are 24 entries. After clicking 4 chests, I'm wondering if this isn't just a collection of random musings. The 4 chests found in the first 3 expansions translate paragraphs 1, 2, 6 and 15...almost tempted to restart the game again to see if I get the same order.One last update... I didn't restart but I have found several more chests - a few of which are buried under the same 'confetti' as the other chests. Again, not really a great mechanism fopr advancing a 'story'. On at least 2 occasions when I opened the blue chest there was no reveal of the translated text. Is this a bug or was I translating text that had already been revealed by a previous chest - I'm afraid of th latter but I didn't keep track of the paragraph counts after the first 4. Its still looks like a random collection of scraps of text and not a real story. Pity that. I have unlocked nearly all of the first island - the last beacon is the first reinforced one and since I haven't made an settlements I won't be seeing teh required resource any time soon.I think Godus goes back to hidden status hoping that there will be a major update some day but... I don't see it happening. There are no amounts of bug fixing / sprints that can save this one. It needs to go back to the drawing board."
76561198065137313,Not Recommended,232810,12477248,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Ian,"if you like clicking, but this gameif you like a rewaring, fun, enjoyable experiance then go round to molineux and shoot them all in the face to save our future generations from any further crap inflicted by this terrible games maker"
76561198079749046,Not Recommended,232810,14835847,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,MeatMallet,"Welcome to my♥♥♥♥♥♥list 22cans.Enjoy your seat between facebook and Windows 8.Your Co-pilot today will be Peter Molyneux, although he has fallen asleep at the wheel.The in-flight movies will be Transformers 4 and 47 Ronin, and the meal will be my foot up your♥♥♥♥♥We hope you enjoy your flight straight to the 8th circle of Hell, the number one destination for liars.I realise I had my choice of early access games to purchase, and this time I chose wrong."
76561198024940637,Not Recommended,232810,12394062,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,S4RK,"Long review short - Go with the mobile version if you really want to play Godus. DON'T get the PC version.The TL;DR version:About a year ago, I asked the question - what happened to the God Game genre? I enjoyed Black & White 1 and 2 back in the early to mid 2000s. After that, it just seemed like the genre just died or at least it was dormant. When Godus came along, I thought it was the fresh coat of paint that the genre needed.Upon first appearances, Godus looked like a more grown-up version of the game I loved way back in 2001 - Black & White. When I first started playing Godus, the game seemed very unfinished. Scuplting the land was kind of fun. But it didn't seem to offer much beyond that. However, the game had potential. So I left the game alone for a while thinking I'd go back to it when they put in more things you can do.A few weeks ago, I had pulled up the app store to look for another app I needed and I saw Godus on the first page. I was kind of excited to see it there and decided to pick up the game for the iPad. The experience was a lot better. The touch controls really work well for the land scuplting and for using your powers. It really made me feel like a god and that felt great!If I wanted to set a villager on fire just to say ""F**k that one guy in particular,"" I could.If I wanted to throw meteors at someone, I could.If I wanted to say ""LET THERE BE SWAMPS"" and then infest the land with swamps, I most certainly could.This felt good! It actually seemed better than the god powers you got in the old Black & White series. This is the part where I think the game really shines in the iPad version that just didn't come across in the PC version. The mobile version made you feel powerful and the PC version just made you feel like a vindictive angry nerd playing a computer game. This is significant. I would much rather feel like I am a god rather than just playing a game. I want to feel like I am a part of that world even if only for a short while. This is why the mobile version is better.The monitization scheme is laughable on mobile. It seems more like a last minute addition to the game than something you want to throw money at. You can actually get by without spending any money on gems and it just feels more satisfying to do it that way. Matter of fact, later on in the game you can mine the gems. I appreciate the challenge of getting through this game without gems than buying gems to win the game. However, on the PC version the monitization is less of a fun challenge and more of a pain. Unlike the mobile version where you can play for short jaunts and do something else for a while, the PC version asks you, the player, to wait around for your resources to re-stock in that play session. I honestly don't expect anyone to leave their game on for 3 days waiting for their beacon to be built. The PC version of the game falls apart here. Gems aren't a challenge but a nessecity to move forward within the same play session. That's where the PC version becomes painfully unfair and forces the player to adopt a pay-to-win strategy or simply quitting and uninstalling the game entirely.Godus has a few problems that pop up in both versions. The biggest one is the Voyages mini game. They are not only hard but really unfair and frustrating. Part of what makes it this way is the path finding abilities of your explorers. I have found time and time again that even when you create a more efficiant path for your explorers to follow to the end goal, they won't take that path and insist on one particular path. Usually, that path takes you through the most dangerous parts of the map. Rather than rewarding you for coming up with an ingenious solution to the puzzle, the game forces you in to THEIR solution. A good puzzle mini game should allow for more solutions and inventiveness rather than what the developer wants you to do. Because of the poor path finding abilities of the explorers, it does just that which makes these puzzles unfun.Another glitch I noticed is when you have chests respawn in your homeworld, they sometimes respawn in the deepest levels of the ocean making them impossible to dig up and grab. They will stay there and become a perminant fixture of the game. It's a really unfair glitch and I am concerned that eventually, that I'll run out of chests because they will have all (at some point or another) have respawned at the bottom most layer in the ocean where I can't reach them. There are other annoying glitches such as the treasure temple where it will be entirely dug up but it's still listed as ""buried"" and becomes unrepairable. Once again, it's just unfair. I can't imagine these bugs would be hard to fix at all. Other glitches I've noticed (such as villagers walking through walls) are so minor that they really don't effect anything.At the end of the day, I can't say that Godus is a terrible game. There are certainly far worse games. But I can't recommend the PC version of this game either. Issues that were minor on the mobile version become glaringly obvious on the PC and things that were great on the mobile just didn't translate in to its' PC counter part so well. This would be somewhat excusable if the mobile version came out first. We could then say that the port didn't work out. But this is not the case as the PC version came out first and the mobile version was the port. This is inexcusable. If it was designed with PC in mind, we wouldn't be having the same issues that we are seeing. Therefore, I really do have to give this game a thumbs down in its' current state.While, Godus isn't the fresh paint the God Game genre deserves  maybe it will inspire someone else to step in and really revive the genre.  In the meantime, I suggest that if you really want to play Godus and have a much more enjoyable experience that you should give the mobile version a try. At the very least, the mobile version is cheaper by far."
,Not Recommended,232810,15972477,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,CFFG. Tosh,The Emperor is angered by this game.
,Not Recommended,232810,16098506,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Arrazane,shieeeeeeeeeeeeeet
,Not Recommended,232810,8640539,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,The Digital Moose,So much micromanagement that it'll drive you crazy. Not a good god sim at all.
,Not Recommended,232810,12860649,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,NameHasBeenChanged,WOW WOW THE GAME USED TO BE SO GOOD NOW ITS crap PLEASE DONT BUY IF U REALLY WANT THE GAME get it for android or ios ITS THE SAME THING and if u really want to make money off godus 22CANS bring the pit of doom to the android and ios for like 19.99 because that is what ur paying for in this version. The only difference between this pc version and mobile version is the pit or doom THATS ALL. BEFOR THERE WERE LIKE SOO MUCH DIFFERENCES BUT NOW ITS TRASH ya ya the graphics are better because the grass has textures but u can also put it on mobile now with apples new metal for ios 8 its perfect to put thos graphics and to zoom out and android some of there phones like the samsung has 4 gb of ram. GODUS GODUS GODUS PLEASE GUYS BEFOR U BUY THIS GAME THINK WHY WOULD I WASTE 22$ on trash when I DONT EVEN KNOW THE GAME WHEN U CAN WASTE 0$ AND GET THE SAME GAME ON MOBILE THANK YOU FOR LISTENING TO MY REVEW SORRY for the caps im a bit angree with godus ITS A FAILING GAME. IM not saying its a bad game im saying the decisions the company is making are bad VERY BAD AND IS COSTING THEM THE GAME.
,Not Recommended,232810,14252430,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,TheCurmudgeons,BORING BORING BORING
76561198121066809,Not Recommended,232810,11363539,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,horsebrackets,"1/3rd to 1/2 of a good game.Theyre still working on it though, and theyve got some good ideas, so hopefully it will someday mature into a pretty good game.EDIT: It appears that this game has been abandoned incomplete. If you like pay-to-win, you can download the mobile version of this game for free. Maybe its less broken than the PC version, i dunno since i FRIGGIN HATE pay-to-win."
76561198033417847,Not Recommended,232810,8560091,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Darkest Harmony,Pictures Are VERY Misleading but hopefully after its relesed it will be better.
76561198081161043,Not Recommended,232810,16986647,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,TheEmeraldDE,"Don't buy it. Nuff' said.Edit: Yay, it's still♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,232810,9996715,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Chaonix,"This game just plain sucks.....click, drag, click,drag,click,drag....just so your people can build stupid little houses. Peter Moleneux should just stop making games.....TERRIBLE. R E F U N D."
,Not Recommended,232810,12635307,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,VoiD,Nothing like previous god games
,Not Recommended,232810,18050446,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,hejgustav,22♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
76561198135820131,Recommended,232810,20252221,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,alexanderbell2,Performance: 8/10Stuff to do: 7/10Fun: 9/10Updates: 6/10I would reccomend the game but take what the developers say about it with a pinch of salt.
76561198076022444,Recommended,232810,21647901,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Sm3agal,Godus is a nice god game where you can shape the land to how you want it to be. Help your people build houses and let them explore the world.Its a very relaxing game if you came from work and need to wind down.It does get repetitive that is why i am waiting for new updates to launch to draw me back into the game.I would recommend it but just know that it has been in development for sometime and it seems that they are busy working on their new counterpart game Godus Wars.
76561198064204641,Not Recommended,232810,32005938,Posted: 27 May,all,aircrewr,"This game was a terrible, they will never finish it..."
76561198096657038,Not Recommended,232810,22865422,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,trevtao,Rubbish.
76561198092448295,Not Recommended,232810,24361752,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,JulioFerrball,"You ever feel extreme dissapointment like your piano playing son that got straight A's started doing drugs and then killed himself, that what it was like buying this game a year ago and watching it update."
,Not Recommended,232810,22551221,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Giordy,Peter fails to deliver again. Waste of f****** money.
,Not Recommended,232810,9499145,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,くそいぬ,"This game has some interesting things about it... but.... idk.... its a bit lame and soggy :/ dont think of it as a city builder from a gods perspective, but more like, something a fat alcoholic, diabetic, heart attackishperson designed who never played a game before.... just, dont play it.... its realy dry.... but has some cool sounds in game...... PS.... the game distription is SOOOO deciving, just, if it was not worth any money, this would b ok, and acceptable for gamers............."
,Not Recommended,232810,9875815,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,John EzBake Hollis,Sux
,Not Recommended,232810,16391393,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Juba,This game is certainly what it looks like . Do not waste ur money with a point-click game that promises to be a god game
76561197967324016,Not Recommended,232810,12764415,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Benache,"It was good, now it is an annoying grind."
76561197990907444,Not Recommended,232810,13285370,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Raiden,no multiplayer now not playing this mobile crap
76561198028546254,Not Recommended,232810,13514490,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Ht34819_9,This is not a game!! It´s farmville dressed up as a god-game. Woe that the creator of Black and White stoop to making a pay-to-play-faster game.
76561198059010129,Not Recommended,232810,12009024,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Toro y Moi,Waste of money.
,Not Recommended,232810,12009048,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Legend,I don't believe anyone should play a game where the task of procreation is a role chosen for you at birth.
76561198118837020,Not Recommended,232810,13829820,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,nagbirdie,"People before me said enough. I agree with all of them. Don't buy this or you will feel robbed.This game is NOT FINISHED and probably WILL NEVER BE. You can ""play"" it, but it is like a little browser game and grants you endless boredom. I, like many, was kinda tricked into buying it by a famous name. I learned my lesson and payed for it: no early access ever again.If I haven't convinced you yet, please read:http://www.rockpapershotgun.com/tag/22cans/"
76561198053377154,Not Recommended,232810,21514658,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Blasmo Bapkins,"Godus is the biggest purchasing mistake I have ever made and a decision I still regret. It's slow, as if it was designed from the ground up to be a crappy mobile game (Funny how they diverted resources to make a crappy mobile game version). It looks decent, but has very few unique in-game models.A former dev has stated that Godus will most likely never be finished, and 22Cans are already working on their next new game while trying to make up for it by releasing Godus Wars, a way to force newcomers to make another purchase for the full product and a way to push another version of this garbage onto the libraries of users who bought it before GW launched and would rather never have to look at this failure of a game in their libraries again.Edit: Whoops, forgot to explain why I have 100 hours played. You know that feeling when you buy an early access game and play it for a while whenever there's an update, but it never gets better? When you keep playing and playing after every update, desperately hoping it's improved? It took me 100 hours to realize it wasn't going to get better, and I hate how it took me that long to figure it out."
76561197990084056,Not Recommended,232810,31524341,Posted: 3 May,all,RainbowKiss,abandoned game
,Not Recommended,232810,13334525,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,yeknom-352,I hope this game gets better.
,Not Recommended,232810,14451898,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,r4serei [FTP],and this game demonstrates why early access is a bad ♥♥♥♥ing idea!
76561198042935052,Not Recommended,232810,18736862,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,ToonamiTom5,Literaly you hate us. And NO! You hate us.
76561197968847284,Not Recommended,232810,34080301,Posted: 7 August,all,Massiv Igel,Mann sollte den Prügel aus dem sacj holen und den Entwicklern mal eine Tracht Prügel verpassen !!!!!!
,Not Recommended,232810,17105840,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,ellomush,RUBBISH
,Not Recommended,232810,17415531,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Cop Killer,The sequel to 9/11 we've all been waiting for.
,Not Recommended,232810,9496570,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,b_naus,"I was really excited to get and play this game, I turned out somewhat dissopointed, I found it kind of bland and quite boring, there was no real challenge to it and I found it quite lacking in the ""God"" aspect. over all I woulden't recomend Godus to anyone, but that is just my opinion."
76561198028253012,Not Recommended,232810,8002663,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Ghin,"This is a bad, slow, boring browser game pretending to be like Populous. Don't buy this game."
76561198091309113,Not Recommended,232810,33755021,Posted: 23 July,all,imnapr,no
76561198048758182,Not Recommended,232810,11870648,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Bababooie,Nope.jpeg
76561197993938392,Not Recommended,232810,21355198,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Wargate,Peter Molyneux can ♥♥♥♥ off.
,Not Recommended,232810,21415231,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Ol'KebabProvida,Don't waste your money on such an empty shell!
,Not Recommended,232810,21281087,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Mashidaru,"Read the forums for more information on this scam, and their next scam called Godus Wars."
76561198057401285,Recommended,232810,21877602,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Pepexd,"Don't listen to the people, this is a great game."
76561198029634105,Not Recommended,232810,13954775,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,DEADBEEF,I have nothing nice to say about this game so i wont say anything at all.
76561198241308772,Recommended,232810,18675201,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,AngelDude344,FREE ON ANDROID...FUN GAME THOUGH...I LIKE IT...
76561198033842032,Not Recommended,232810,26460510,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,CrazyJoe,This was an abomination
,Not Recommended,232810,17171899,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Ezekiel,Sorry but no. I waited with review long enough. I remember how I backed it on Kickstarter and what great game it should be. But it's more like Facebook farmer game then God game everyone wanted. Even Reprisal Universe i much much better as a god game. So I really really really don't recommend buying this game. Try something else... like... anything
,Not Recommended,232810,10950384,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Greeny3ny,My UI dissapeared and I can't reset my save.Clickfest 5million.Don't buy.
,Not Recommended,232810,8956041,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,plegma richardson,"This is the perfect game for building civilizations and growing communities. This game is so fun, you cannot stop playing. 20$ gets you entertained for 100's of hours? Good deal, this game has simple controls aswell. Right click to add land, left click to remove land. It's simple, and yet so fun! Your collections make it so you can get better land, better houses, and everything better overall. By far one of the most fun games I've redeemed that is about building, conquering, and entertainment purposes.*EDIT*I'm changing my review to no. I realize that the pot I was smoking while writing this review was an astounding amount. The update in March made this game ♥♥♥♥♥ier than it was, and that's pretty hard to beat from a moral click game. It sucks♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198030312121,Not Recommended,232810,14452922,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,montana-dr,Terrible game. I got scamed.
76561198023602843,Not Recommended,232810,14999198,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,El Roca,"Did 22cans die? Cos this game sure did, RIP Godus"
76561198101037221,Not Recommended,232810,13560373,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,xshadowx11,Meh
76561197981065759,Not Recommended,232810,14587289,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Don Puzur,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lGo63oAEN20^All you need to know
,Not Recommended,232810,21340309,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,slabertooch,"I really wanted to like this game, so much so that I purchased the early access when it was first available in steam.  Most of the fun that I did have in this game came from the early builds, which had much better gameplay mechanics when compared to the current state of Godus.This game, in its current incarnation, is a shadow of what was promised, and what is more upsetting is there is no reason for it.  The first handful of early-access builds were closer to what was promised in the release, before the major development refactoring and staff shakeup at 22Cans.While I understand that early-access games change during development, it would appear that 22Cans had no real roadmap in mind when they launched this development effort.   This game has languished in development Hades since its early-access release, buyer beware.*Update*  Unfortunately, since my first review, nothing has changed.  Very dissapointed in the developer who has for all purposes, abandoned Godus."
,Not Recommended,232810,23262629,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,danznz,"Why is the simple stuff still not done yet?  There is no option to learn this game between the repetitive, babying tutorial and being thrust completely in to a free-form game with no obvious way to progress..."
,Not Recommended,232810,23372766,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,DrkGreyHawk,This game has the WORST controls I have ever used. I get headhaches out of frustration.
76561198053962675,Not Recommended,232810,23380157,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Aldebaran,Do not buy this abomination
,Not Recommended,232810,23404665,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,A Modern Major-General,This game is horsesh*t. The game is full of nothing and there is no point in playing more than five seconds of it.
76561198031332104,Recommended,232810,23997846,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,nathanaelwright,It's relaxing to play this game. With the mods that were automatically applied with the Steam version this plays at a faster pace than the mobile version. I recommend it especially if you can catch it on sale like I did.
76561198134779863,Not Recommended,232810,25857698,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Doey,A graveyard is more alive than this.
76561198073587981,Not Recommended,232810,11771485,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,WeirdNPC,"The game looks beautiful. It promises to be a relaxing and very well carved experience.There is one very evident problem though: they make you pay a fair amount of money for a ""PC game"" that still has the annoying gems-feature of the freemium version.True, you don't pay real money for gems (you can't). Instead, you have to waste time looking for them in order to speed up the game to a bearable pace and to be able to play for more than a few minutes every half an hour or so.This game has a lot of potential, but if the developers don't take a clear turn toward a full and enjoyable PC game they are going to throw all of it away and make a lot of early-access supporters unhappy.I must (sadly) agree with other reviews pointing to the fact that they are developing a very nice mobile freemium app with the money of naive pc players. I still hope that some changes will happen (like removal of gems and decreasing of ingame building/farming times).For the time being, save your money."
76561198042069933,Recommended,232810,27029852,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Conre,Best game I have ever played!!!! would definitely recommend it!! :) :) :)
76561198007311598,Not Recommended,232810,15013521,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,goddog,"had enjoyed the game early on in beta when it was unfinished and rough, came back to play again about a week ago ... what happened the game is an unfun mess of awful ... i hope it can be cleaned up into a fun game again... shame for a game with such promis before what ever happend to it happened...."
,Not Recommended,232810,15014026,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,lunatichighff,"The graphics are nice, but that is about it."
76561198076923074,Not Recommended,232810,15014268,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Sir Suck-Alot!,"15 hours of gameplay and then the game suddently crash! i havent been able to play ever sience. i have readed counless of guides on how to fix it but notthing helps. i have even sended it to 22cans to let the look at it, but they could not fix it either. i really do love this game, it is just a shame i cant play it. that forces me to leave negative review"
,Not Recommended,232810,20672610,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Deimos the Strange,"I really can't recommend this. It's too... Molyneux. Too much overhyping and promises that, so far, don't look like they're ever getting fulfilled."
76561198040258858,Not Recommended,232810,20672928,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,TimeSageX13,"I had problems with the game from the start, it just wouldnt load, the game would open and it would say it was loading for an unlimited amount of time... eventually I dont know why the game decided to load and I was able to play.For a while there the game was good, the machanics were solid with very minor frustraitions like dragging dirt/sand/grass/etc sometimes wouldnt work or would grab the wrong layer (expect that to get better)The Astari were rediculously OP, if your people werent as happy as them after a party you would always loose atleast 20 people. However if it were the reverse you would only ever gain a maximum of 7 followers.The game play itself is fun and creative, not terribly complicated and fun to play, however now my game crashes upon start up. This many problems preventing me from even getting into the game prevents me from recommending the game. If it were to be fixed and the frequency of inability to access the game were to change, I would recommend it.My situation is most definatly not unique and it pains me to not recommend the game because it is fun to play. if you're one of the lucky people who can actually play it without crashing on start up, then yeah good for you, you got a great game, but I wouldnt risk it."
,Not Recommended,232810,20703244,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,supercdjones,"Let me provide some context for everybody. This game went into ealy accesss in 2013....It is now 2016, the game is still in early access, and very little progress has been made. The tragedy here is that the game is not awful, it's just unfinished and will likely never be finished. Even by some miracle the game does get a final release, I certainly can't see this game delivering on what Peter Molyneux promised(Shocker I know) because the few remaining people at 22Cans still woking on the game(Despite being passionate) really don't seem to have the support or resources the need to make the product work. It certainly doesn't help that development was curbed to cater to the mobile market and it certainly shows.  What we're ultimatley left with is a template for a very good game that unfortunatley will probably never serve to be anything more than an interactive screensaver...Cerainly not worth the $20 price tag. I bought it when it was on sale for dirt cheap so I'm a lot lmore forgiving to the game because in my eyes I did get my money's worth, but I can imagine anybody paying the full price being very upset. Maybe a modding community can do something to save the game but as it stands, the best value you're probably going to get out of Godus, is an important lesson about Kickstarter and Early access. While somee copnaies can be trusted with this model such as InXile and Obsidian, the reality is that many developers cannot and it's sad to see a prolific name like Molyneux being added to that mix but such is the bed that you make for yourself."
,Not Recommended,232810,13655982,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,jgaryt,"No.If this is what being god is like, no thanks; it's a boring clickathon.  With all the leashing and sculpting, god must have carpel tunnel.  I keep coming back to see if it's been made more interesting, but it hasn't.  More stuff gets added that's just as boring as the stuff before was.Avoid."
,Not Recommended,232810,11014519,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Mishka,"Not a very good game. It seems as if it would be better as an iphone game not a desktop game.Godus starts you off with a small amount of players and lets you go on to build a huge civilisation! Too bad that only takes 20 minutes...It only takes a very limited amount of time to do all Godus has to offer.Whilst this game is still in development, I would hold off on buying it until they add a WHOLE lotta new stuff."
76561197988806995,Not Recommended,232810,10954722,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Serethal,I want my money back now
,Not Recommended,232810,16048498,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Bacchius,Doing my bit to voice my disappointment. This is the main reason I gave up on Early access and hype.
76561198065109341,Recommended,232810,19181347,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,HuskersFanOH,"Nope, go back to the negative reviews, it's okay on mobile, but this is a scam, them best time about this from the mobile is easier controls."
,Recommended,232810,13508694,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,zambai2400,I like this game
,Not Recommended,232810,18223038,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,rodnod,"If you are a masocist who likes a game that crashes your Mac very reliably and hasn't worked properly in almost a year, with a dev team who don't care, then go head a waste your money on this. When it worked it was promising - not great but promising. But I have nothing but regret for it peaking my interest many moons ago."
,Not Recommended,232810,24399824,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,elwhiteninja,This game was such a waist of hard earned cash and valuable time. It started off promising then Peter M. Took my lunch money and ran off
76561197999416801,Not Recommended,232810,26708472,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,αvαηιтн,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game.
76561197971809011,Not Recommended,232810,20435819,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Bubbles  DeVere,"Don't buy it, it has been abandoned while still in early access..."
,Not Recommended,232810,20649766,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Archra,"I really do not know what to say about Godus...The basic idea of Godus is great. The very foundation of it, though basic is great.The problems are that there is nothing there. Nothing to enjoy after two hours. There is no worth or point in progressing past the first land because you will be starting again and doing the same painful process again, and again. The updates to this game are slow, now I understand that the team of 22 cans is small but... Over a year with no updates if I recal... For an Early Access Game thats a red flag right there.Do I recommend this game? I want to... If there was actually something to enjoy for more than 2 hours of game time. For the price it is at. What ever ""this"" is, its not worth the price I paid even that it was on sale makes that fact hurt even more.I highly doubt we will ever see something from this game again honestly. Its dead... Forgotten really. There hasn't been an update video for 8 months.I'm going to figure out how to remove this... Thing from my steam library, permanently..."
76561197968375459,Not Recommended,232810,8418087,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Joe_Mayo,"as it is right now (december 29th) this is a game about makeing flat surfaces, and waiting to be allowed to make flat surfaces. At this point in time this game isn't worth the time investment required to play it let alone any sum of money. the game is supposably 41% complete. Your ""supposed"" to, once fully developed, be able to advance untill you go into space.... are you ****ing kidding me! at 41% you can't go past the bronze age. not to mention IT IS going to be a pay to win game once released OBVIOUSLY. I see a little potential but not as much as the countless other crappy games out there,"
,Not Recommended,232810,31974483,Posted: 26 May,all,Joeeee,Not worth the money.No idea what the whole game is about besides digging dirts and shaping terrains.
76561198072629109,Recommended,232810,22584519,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,tanjako,"Don't get why there are so many non-recommendations. Also it is really unfair to give a game a non-recommendation, that you obviously played over 100 hours, some even over 200 hours. How can the game be so bad if you played it for such a long time?Of course the game has its flaws and can get boring after such a long playing time, but I think for the price the game is done quite well and gives the player a lot of creative space. Unfortunately, I don't have the time at the moment to write a profound review, so I leave it with that."
,Not Recommended,232810,16857693,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Yoda,Not my type of game.a little boring.
76561198039589054,Not Recommended,232810,24196790,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Meridian,This game died in the water.
76561198061505917,Not Recommended,232810,16801965,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,NeoAer,
,Not Recommended,232810,20722549,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,「🌟」constraint™,"Wow, this game man. So much controversy, so much potential, so much HYPE, so much Molyneux. Anyone that plays Godus will know this name VERY well. This is the one and only time I decided to look up the developers of a game before actually playing it and boy oh boy is there a LOT about him on the internet.Thissums it up QUITE nicely. This poor (not in the $ sense) UK developer had made some amazing games in the past, Godus being one of many, but the promises that came with them were so, SO out of line. I mean the promises themselves weren't that otherlandish but when you can't make good on them, day after day, week after week, month after month and now year after year, what do you think the fans and players are going to say? ESPECIALLY when they've invested as much money as they did?I bought this game EXTREMELY early but on sale for EXTREMELY cheap during some Steam sale a couple of years ago (I really can't recall, but it was definitely within the first few months of it hitting Early Access on Steam). The game seemed very much like Minecraft but much more fluid and extremely less boxy. It was also from the perspective of a God rather than a player in the setting with numerous abilities, the most exciting of which was the creation and destruction of the landscape to fit your needs. The game was extremely fun to play creating buildings, having workers and farmers, compounding those buildings to preserve land for more buildings and then compounding them even further and then sending out the population to take over new land. Unfortunately during this time, there was no directive, narrative or really any sort of ""goal"" or purpose. You were just building to build and expanding to expand. There was no enemy to fight, no other ""God"" to destroy. However, I do have a very faint memory of coming up against either an AI ""God"" on another land that sent out his/her followers to attack mine (I thought it was AI but it could have been another player playing on different land). I think I got destroyed by the AI or person and the hours I had worked on my base were ruined so I really didn't bother playing again.I pick it back up again a few days ago and it seems like my prior experiences weren't saved. No matter, I'll give this game another shot DESPITE it's ratings going from just Mixed back then to now Mostly Negative. My rating of this game won't include any bias from either the press or Steam reviews from other very angry players.Personally, I had never played a game like this before. A moderately sized world where you're able to literally mold the world to your liking to get your followers to the promise-land. To expand and conquer, to farm and prosper. Picking the game up again, I'm immediately greeted by two narrators, some of the developers from 22cans (the studio that made/support this game). The director's commentary is a very nice added feature that I personally haven't really seen used in other games. They explain the various cards and stickers you get for upgrades and explain the many perks and bonuses you can receive, as well as the best and worst methods to expanding your people. The director's commentary goes on every time you hit a milestone or every time you unlock a card. Later on in the game, it dies down and let's you do whatever you want, which is fantastic. However, it comes to a point pretty early in the game when they start explaining the use of Gems, a form of currency in the game that can speed up building, farming, looting, etc. Mind you, this is way before I ever knew this game came out for the mobile platform. The moment Gems were mentioned, I immediately thought of mobile games. I thought to myself, ""This MUST have been released on iOS and Android, because they would make a KILLING from selling Gems."" Then the thought hit me: ""They're going to make me pay for Gems on PC."" And thank Molyneux's tender and fragile life that that is one of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ decisions they did NOT go with because Gems can be obtained for free (as in no $$$ needed) in game.The game pretty much feels, from the beginning to the end, like a mobile game. Everything you need to do is basically swiping left and right or clicking with the mouse button, all of which can be done easier by swiping on a Smartphone. It feels like this Beta ""Update"" was just them scrapping the old PC build (which had pretty good AI OR player versus player action) and completely rewrote it with the Android/iOS build. The only difference is that Gems are ""free"" and there is a director's commentary while you play.Honestly, all of this, and I mean ALL of it so far would not have phazed me one bit. If it had all of these problems that I've listed so far, I'd give this game a positive rating because it deserves it. The game is FANTASTIC and plays like no other God game I've ever played (I haven't played any other one, just if you're curious). But even when the game was scrapped for the mobile version, it still runs like absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥Let's go over the constant game crashes. Within the roughly 11 hours that I put in, I've crashed about 10 to 15 times. TEN, to FIFTEEN TIMES. CAN YOU IMAGINE THE GAME CRASHING MORE THAN ONCE EVERY, SINGLE, HOUR? That's exactly what I went through. The game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥on PC. If the game didn't autosave every second, I would have quit the game AGAIN after the first crash. But the game had a very addicting feel to it so I had to go back to play some more.With the crashes come the abhorrent frame rate issues. Towards the end of the game (there technically is no end, per se), when you have a TON of things on the screen, from buildings to farmland to mining operations, the game stutters and jitters pretty badly, Mind you, I have a pretty beast rig that handles just about any AAA title on Ultra settings. Why in the HELL am I getting frame jitters on a freaking MOBILE GAME? Absolutely unacceptable.Then comes the intermittent graphical errors. Now, in the game, you have this other race called the Astari that are a nuisance and will try to creep up on your operation and slow it down or destroy houses, etc. They are the main problems you'll be dealing with and at least for what I've played so far, you'll have to either incorporate them into your society or destroy all of them. From time to time, they will send a small squad of 5 Astari to your base to wreak havoc. All other times, I'm able to pinpoint their point of entry and swifty destroy them without much of a problem. This time however, they turn INVISIBLE. That's right, I can't see where they're coming from, I don't know where they are going. The entire time, my followers are warning me that the Astari are coming but for the life of me I can't see them at all. So, I brush it off as just another bug and I probably killed them earlier anyway. A few minutes later, one of the bases I had set up starts burning. Mind you, a storm had just passed a few seconds ago (one of the really nice additions to the game, by the way) and I thought one of the buildings was struck by lightning. No problem, I'll put it out with some rain. It goes out. Then it starts back up again. I put it out again. It starts back up. Put it out. Starts back up. And on and on until that entire section is burned to the ground.What the ♥♥♥♥ happened? I just thought I got demolished by the lightning strike. It was a small section any way, I'll build it back up in no time. I send some builders to where everything burned down. MY BUILDERS ARE DISAPPEARING. Everything in that section is disappearing. I get frustrated and quit and when I come back, I see these Astari roaming that section, burning stuff down. It was a God-damn graphical error.In it's current state, don't bother with this game. This is just another fantastic game like Gotham City Impostors, that gets little to no support from developers."
76561197979820503,Recommended,232810,835051,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Spinked,This seems pretty good ..
,Not Recommended,232810,14526079,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Premier_Molotov,"Do not buy this game. Pretty much abandoned by devs. It's fun for about 5 hours at the very most then it becomes VERY boring and tedious to play. I bought this game two years ago wanting to play a finished game at least within a year. Still hasn't happened and isn't likely to happen anytime soon. I really, really wish they would hand out refunds.1/10"
76561197982891913,Not Recommended,232810,14505762,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Tony Montana,"Anthing you spend on this Mouseclick-Simulator is lost...( Money. Time. Hope ).Its like a mobile game, which a typical small team of 3 people develops with a budget of 30K in half a year.If you still seriously want to buy this - Better wait for a Tetris HD remake to sink your money !"
,Not Recommended,232810,21916794,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Oli,Just a black screen on launch.
76561198105655451,Not Recommended,232810,23488475,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Gustav II Adolf,"This game made me want to commit suicide.It was good in the beginning but when they started updating the game it became ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥In the early beginning of the game you could play multiplayer. Me and my friend had lots of fun playing against each other. It was still not perfect but atleast fun to play. But as I mentioned before they made the game worse than any other games I've played. If you buy this game you are a ♥♥♥♥ing RETARD. And that makes me a retard too. I don't understand what I was thinking when I bought this game. For all you sad people who has played this game, here's a tip go buy a good game."
,Not Recommended,232810,29615790,Posted: 31 January,all,Demdars,Horrible game on its own even without considering what the game was originally supposed to be. No real good qualities and unlikely to get any better.
,Not Recommended,232810,25716131,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,ant broadbent,Promised so much and delivered very little.
,Not Recommended,232810,25724543,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Yakez,Demo of a game. Will never be released.
76561198060661063,Not Recommended,232810,7875175,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,BANG_I_GUN,"NO! JUST DONT BUY!! i WASTE $19.99 FOR THIS GAME!! IF IT'S POSSIBLE FOR ME TO DO REFUND, I WILL SURE DO."
,Not Recommended,232810,7918913,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Gen0,Was looking for a Populous successor as it was advertised by the developers.  What you get is a bunch of clicking and pushing land around.  This is supposed to be in developement for the andriod and ios as well so you see this is just a dumbclicker game.  Little to no control over your people all you do is move land for them to make houses.  Cant choose what direction they develop in.  It is in alpha at 41% complete but this is the base system that should be in place already.  This is going to be a game for phones with a store to purchase gems and nothing more.  DISAPPOINTED!
76561198068110286,Not Recommended,232810,7873067,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,domi,"I thought this game would have been good (and also be in fullscreen). Personally I think that this game should be free not $10 or $20 (which is what I bought the game for). Overall I dont feel like a god, more like a robot that has nothing else to do with his life."
,Not Recommended,232810,7897302,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,NoChip,"No development going on, i am loosing faith in this title"
,Not Recommended,232810,9556897,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,ssgcrean,god abilities and improving your civilization depends on finding cards/stickers. there is a limited number of these on a section of map and get frustrating when you when you run out and abilities are stacking up waiting to be unlocked.UPDATE: 22 Cans made a sequel to Godus instead of fixing this game.
76561198095749090,Not Recommended,232810,7874547,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,frat16,"Horrible game, i wish i would have saved my money and got a better game."
76561198010369968,Not Recommended,232810,7884636,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Starvin' Marvin,"OH MY GOD WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS TO ME?!? I wait months to see this go from kickstarter to something I can play just to find out ITS LIKE A FACEBOOK GAME.... Anyone reading this, I beg you don't buy this game. And anyone reading this with the power to change the game.. for the love of anything good left in this world take out the unnecessary waits and pointless clicking..This game had so much potential... :(Edit: Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥didnt even notice the microtransactions. Wtf. Im just glad i got this on sale so i only got ♥♥♥♥ed half as hard as all these other reviewers."
76561198094453854,Recommended,232810,19415747,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Rick diabetus Ross,"Its an awesome game, too bad you can't chose what kind of people you rule. Like maybe greek or scandinavian, asian or maybe even african. But its a really cool game tough since you get to scape land and more. Can't wait for the probably very very awesome release! Its like the best game ever."
76561198100736332,Not Recommended,232810,14493143,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,✠ Blitz Todkrieg ✠,i will be honest i loved this game when i first got it but since the new update it really is bad my people wont do anything they just glitch out and do NOTHING so i say this is game is not recommended
76561198074720971,Not Recommended,232810,21702082,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,cranium1,Absolute $h1t game. I have ~200 games in my library and this is the only one that gets a negative review.
,Not Recommended,232810,8379264,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Agent Anne,"Click click click, click click click, is there anything more to this game? It seems I am stuck on progress as I can not obtain anymore cards through duals as that is locked till I get to a higher level and I can not find anymore chests as my people can not spread further at this time. No more cards means no more progress and also no more higher level. I don't care if this is beta, its a waste of money and time. Stupidest game I have EVER played! Can I have my money back now?"
76561198176695549,Recommended,232810,34853935,Posted: 9 September,all,HazmatChemical,"OK OK. So Godus is a pretty cool concept with pretty cool graphics and stuff, but when they promised Godus 2.0? Suddenly they stopped working on it. So, if you don't like to have a game with about 20 hours until completion, then don't get this, because NOBODY WILL EVER WORK ON IT, so it's essentially a DEAD GAME unfortunately..."
,Not Recommended,232810,34635296,Posted: 31 August,all,needmorechickens,Early-access yet????
,Recommended,232810,17817257,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Vaupell,"it's ok, just to exspensive."
76561198000746014,Not Recommended,232810,8732296,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Dryden,"Disclaimer: There is no god... but let's assume that there wasIf you read the bible then you will realise that god is a cruel sadistic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and after playing Godus I can actually understand why that is... especially if god had to waste as much time on repetetive, meaningless, pointless crap as I had to while playing this ""game"".The most basic gameplay mechanics are just as boring to use as the garbage that Dungeons had. Godus feels like a chore, and the only way anyone could get me to actually play this game again would be if they payed me to do it."
,Not Recommended,232810,14684383,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Colonel Shitbucket,"dear developers....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,232810,14402292,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Asgard,You are basically paying for a free to play mobile game and the developers (Peter Molynoux) have abandoned and scammed the people that made the game possible. The PC-players.The game sucks btw.
76561198008107153,Not Recommended,232810,14516467,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,snoclown,"I can not believe that Steam is still selling this game!!! This project has been abandoned by the devloper. Steam, you need to stop the sale of this game. Keep this store page but stop selling this game until there is a significant work done by the 22cans.!!!"
76561198154447689,Recommended,232810,25840669,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,BlackSunset,"Play for aestetics and you will enjoy. Kinda bummed though. I played the beta a few years ago and there were about 3x as many voyage missions. Where did they go? Also, collecting resources gets redundant after a while. Great you made the autocollector but why wouldn't you give it to us BEFORE the ark? That's when we're collecting resources..."
76561198065147790,Not Recommended,232810,35022244,Posted: 17 September,all,|TCWs|Event Horizon☭,Just no...
,Not Recommended,232810,34958153,Posted: 14 September,all,Mazerith,So many lies from the developers.
,Not Recommended,232810,35370640,Posted: 1 October,all,Admiral Ironclad,"Buggy, gets boring fast"
76561198012784363,Not Recommended,232810,27899361,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Earplugs,This game is the reason I don't buy early access games.
,Not Recommended,232810,27917449,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bonito que nem Cerveró,"Do not buy it. Not being developed anymore, read the updates."
,Not Recommended,232810,27974797,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Rhubarb,"There is an aspect to early access titles many people don't realize. (That goes for both the publisher and the consumer) When you release a game on early access the hope is that people will buy in to play the game in its current state while also funding future updates. That's early access in a nutshell.This game is good example of how NOT to do early access. First, it failed itself with a lack of updates and then the reviewers failed themselves, in a sense, by calling the publisher out on it. Which isn't bad, if the development cycle is poor and the consumer is not getting their money's worth then it should be mentioned. Honesty is always fair. However, the negative reviewer is also shooting themselves in the foot by making the game less likely of being finished.You see, if the reviewers truly wanted to see a game finished they would have recommended it. There is still use in listing the current problems and changes the game needs but not recommending based on those missing features is short sighted. The game is in early access and those missing features have the potential in being added as long as the developer in involved in their own community, which they should be. Good reviews give a game a higher score which encourages more people to buy it which translates to funding for new updates which pleases the player base and brings in more positive reviews which leads to more buyers and funding. (This is, of course, assuming the game is delivering)Many reviewers, however, try to help the game become something closer to what they want by being uncomprimising until they see their vision of the game come true. They'll not recommend a game to try and light a fire under the development team's chairs by promising to change the review if their demands are met. (And if the game does, they rarely remember to.) Even though they know the game is still in development, they will rate it like a completed product. They'll recommend (or not) based on what it is instead of what it could be, which is already a tough battle to win when the game is unfinished. When the reviewers say ""I wouldn't recommend the game in its current state"" what they're essentially telling potential buyers is to hold off and check back later. Which means the extra funds are withheld and the game loses out on much needed money for further development. If the money doesn't come in fast enough, then the development has to go into ""survival mode"" and cut spending by shrinking the team or starting another project to pick up the slack. (Godus Wars) This means that updates will come slower, which makes people more angry and the negative reviews start rolling in and kills the score which deters more buyers which means the development team has even less money which translates to slower updates and it goes on and on and on. Then the game dies. It doesn't make money and the team has to move on because the game doesn't pay the bills.It's like punishing a sinking ship by punching more holes in it.In Godus's case, it's Godus's own fault. The gameplay was lacking from the start due to slow progression and odd mechanics that made the game feel clunky. You start off by building a town to achieve different goals in order to leave the map and abandon all progress just to do it all over again on a new map. The god aspect is flimsy and the combat is tempermental. You have some control but not enough to make a big difference so you end up frustrated because it's not RNG's or yours because you can only do so much. It's always better to avoid combat.The game is dead."
,Not Recommended,232810,14373597,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Diego,Peter Molyneux should go to jail for this game
76561197973880388,Not Recommended,232810,8387138,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Lornie,"I wanted to like this game but its not ready yet,  There's not enough gameplay and its too slow paced and a clickfest.  Maybe it will get there, but right now it looks like the gameplay is crippled to get the players to dump more cash into an already too expensive game.  I'll revisit this when its more developed.  The first god game I played was Populous was 20 years ago and is deeper and more fun."
,Recommended,232810,8576405,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Target Practice®,"Good but gets a bit boring after while, but, you could get a 8 hours out of this"
,Recommended,232810,7889074,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Safo,"why not recommend this game? for those who know, like and believe in the work of Peter Molyneux (best known for the Fable series) is a good game to believe it, and give your support.Yes is still in beta, has quite a lot to improve, but he constantly having put updates, so if you are an enthusiast if ONLY, and like Molyneux work and have curiosity, buy this game."
,Recommended,232810,7892313,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Dunners-uK,If u enjoy clickly click click and holding left click and moving♥♥♥♥♥♥then yea! STACKS OF FUN!
,Recommended,232810,8642306,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,A.R.M.,"I know most everyone is ragging on Godus currently... even in the positive section... I realize one may decide to call the following a fallacy, but I consider the caliber of the creators work that precedes him does not warrant such harsh judgment in Early Access but rather optimism of what it will be...  since the creator of Black and White (2) is making Godus, and Godus is only at 41% completion, I advise getting it, for currently the foundation is being laid, a lot of the fun features come in the polishing of the game.I easily see how it is redundant and boring, sadly there is a lack of control in the base building, so they tend to look like shantytowns are large structures that are placed closed together, sure one can delete them, but they'll just want to build it again if you collect the rubble... one can terraforming for larger plots if one has the tech, but one cannot choose the building placement, and the buildings all look alike and one cannot control the road structure. The dispels... or followers... or whatever you want to call them don't do much and they require no resources to live/build... which i expect will come in the polish.I hope the last 10% to go on the terraforming includes brush sizes and accuracy, for currently I think I am on 1 plain and am on another, and it takes forever to click and drag or double click to get it to work 100%. An optional Brush size would make this go a lot faster for larger terraforming jobs (assuming you have enough resources (belief) in the bank.I hope there will be an option to do landscaping (place rocks/trees), for it is kind of sad that more or less everything you do results in complete resource depletion of an area (for it is somewhat hard to hit population goals to expand otherwise.... unless you want to terraform the ocean a ton. But this is again polishing the game, the numbers are too high for population requirement in order to expand your influence... they are currently developing the tools of the game, not polishing it to be fun yet, or so it seems.Currently it is mind numbing and will probably fatigue ones hand (due to all the repetitive clicking) though it is due to the metrics and interpolation, not due to being poorly made (for yet again it is only 41% complete), if you aren't interested in it, just wait until it is done then re-evaluate... considering the creator and his prior creations, I have high hopes.I am a huge fan of the Black and White series.... and have high hopes for this game and feel it is too soon for all the negativity."
,Recommended,232810,21873316,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Nonameed,"I really liked Godus when it first came into early access, and since then I've liked it even more with every update. It is a slow game, yet very enjoyable.It is like Populous, just a lot better.If you are going to like the game, you will like it regardless of its bugs and problems, like the 5 hour beacons (not all of them though).It is a great game where you are God, yet it is immersive and addictive, especially since they have removed some of the time consuming things to be less time consuming and there to be more ""active"" time in the game."
76561198043439362,Recommended,232810,21007240,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Choco,"Came back to this game after a few months, maybe a year i don't remember when I left. Personally I like this game since its like a more sculpted version of Virtual Villagers and the updates I witness are good but I feel like its still lacking something... Its entertaining but at some points I get bored, leave, then come back. Keep working on it guys.** Oh also It keeps crashing after a few hours Like Im Killing too many Atari's....Fix it please. **(If you never played Virtual Villagers, what you do in this game is you guide around your people and help them acomplish happiness. You're not really a ""God"" but it the text of ""God"" today in religion is close enough to that. You watch you people fight, you watch them build, breed, discover new things. You have the power to shape the lands the way you want, you can murder your own people, you can even influence Ataris (the enemies) to come live with your people. You Unlock cards and points thatt help you improve where you people live, but you have to work for it to get there.)"
,Recommended,232810,9207798,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,damekage,First things first and taht is to remember that this game is still in beta. This means taht a lot can change by the time it comes out.Its concept is simple rule over a society as their benevolant god and help them to grow and cover the entire world.The controls right now are awkward to say the least until you spend a fair amount of time with them. However once you get it figured out you don't spend as much time awkwardly fumbling through stuff though the occasional miss click will still cause this to happen.The UI is simple to understand and use however the ease of controlling your society and gathring the recourse you use to shape the land needs a lot of work.All in all I'd say wait for the game to be out of beta and in it's full release before you buy it but then it will be worth it.
76561198096021384,Recommended,232810,19123917,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Shiro,I dont know why people say this game is terrible they say in the description zen-like so its not suposed to be rushed think about it would not be fun if you just had the power to destroy earth instead you have to earn that power witch is why i like godus at times it can be a bit boring but i still recomend this game for anyone who can wait fora few minutes.
,Recommended,232810,21196162,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,hoojikee,I absolutely love this game!
,Recommended,232810,8649873,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Lots of Happy,Fun game to play whenever and does not take long to learn the controls.
,Recommended,232810,20458182,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,MattVenom,"This game is SOOO worth the price once you get over the settings and glitchs it is amazing, you could play it for days!"
,Recommended,232810,21399521,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Domthestar,If im rateing it on how fun it is ITS GREAT!!!! but every now and then it jams and when it does even if you close it steam thinks its running and the only way to continue playing is to shutdown your computer!!!
,Recommended,232810,12495978,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,KismetBP,"I so rarely take the time to rate games. I just had to come in here and mention how much I've enjoyed this game on my iPad and then moving to the PC. I've enjoyed every bit of just taking my time and learning as I go. I really loved the voice over tips as you go through the game on PC. Great touch, I hope this stays in the game and becomes a feature.Liked:1) Voice Over Tips2) Gameplay: Shaping the world3) Collecting belief. Something very soothing about playing a little tune while clicking & holding + swiping across the screen.4) Learning how to maximize my Villages.5) Using powers like Meteor to clear large areas of cliffs (hit them toward the bottom for quicker removal!)6) Balancing your peoples happiness vs Astari (my kids heard that party tune and were singing it for a week, haha.)Since its still in production, can't say there was anything I disliked that won't be added later on. Such as more content. For me it was fun to play and easy worth the money to support its development.Thanks for all your hard work so far and can't wait to see what comes next. :)"
,Not Recommended,232810,14146524,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Johnny Dollar,Just No. GOD NO.
76561198052396030,Recommended,232810,8614616,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,awesome_chocobo,"A lot of people are hating on this game, I know, but I like it anyways. If you don't like god simulators, don't play it. I thought it was a unique take on this style of game and I've enjoyed it a lot. Although its graphics are ""low quality"" and updates are slow, that doesn't make it bad. It's unfinished. They call it Beta for a reason. There are a few things that need pointing out though: the followers need better path-finding, I've seen too many die looking for the clear, unobstructed path to their destination. Secondly, it's a bit touchy about what layer of land you're trying to grab. That needs work too. And the game is a wee bit too sluggish at the beginning regarding beleif gathering. Otherwise, I reccommend this game. Keep in mind that it's still a beta so you may not want to pay the full price for an unfinished game. Wait for a sale."
,Recommended,232810,24308410,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Gen. Xite >X<,"Godus is rather slow in the early parts and can be speed up a bit with a few tactic's and I tossed in some tips.1. Don't build farms, mines, soldiers or builders towns until you are required to so you have more people to start with.2. As soon as you can put an idol of collection in the astari village/s.3. To remove swamp before you have the god skill you can stop it sinking your people by digging it up and burying it, it is best if you cover it with land too high for your people to climb on. You can do this to unlock all the first island, but it will cost a  few lives to unlock the last area.4. Leave land for the Astari to build on your land when you win them, I use the beach.5. As soon as you build towns they will start attacking and you can't walk away without pausing the game6. Protect areas being attacked with swamp (permanent is best). They attack in a straight live to the towns and attack the closest one first destroying everything on the way. So build close to the coast with room for a swamp (make sure your people can't get into the swamp (2 layers up or down should do).7. Use lots of tree's to keep people happy and don't kill people for diamonds until you win the map, if you do you need to plant more tree's near homes to keep your happiness higher than theirs all the time. They will set fire to your forest, be careful with tree placement.8. You can put farmers onto fields away from the town and they stay there working if the town is destroyed, same goes for miners. So if you don't want to be attacked, simply let them destroy the towns aafter putting them right on the coast at the closest point to the astari to save unwanted damage. You will need to squash them with the finger of god when they are done or they will keep attacking your people and they will not be happy.9. On level 2 by using forced land shapes you can put 25 farmer on a small patch of verdent land. make room for a small plot and extend to the next small one etc."
76561198066746468,Recommended,232810,15057920,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Sunleader,Some people should Notice that this is an Early Access Game.And far from Finished.I think so far its an pretty nice Game.I bought it much earlier then Installed it and later on Quit it because it was pretty boring in the long Term.Later on I tried again and some stuff Improved.After a week or two I once more reached the state where it became boring.I waited a few Builds and now Checked back and it was Improved quite a bit once more :)The Tutorial throughout the Game which is Voiced by Dev Comments and an view on what the Team was doing when they themself tested this Game out at the stage you are right now.The Story Bits are growing as well and have a tad of Humor which makes em worthwhile to read :)Pretty Unexpected the Game went from an nearly 100% peaceful Game which only had contests outside your Homeworld.Into an Game were you are actually Competing against another Tribe.The God Powers and especially the ways to Gain Gems have Increased as well.Making things way more fun and also alot easier to do compared to earlier Builds. :)For now I recommend giving it a Chance.If you Installed it in the Past do now and then Check back for its really improving over time :)Its not really an Combat Game but its quite fun to Spend time on and somehow triggers my curiosity on alot of occassion because it allows you to just leave the story aside and play around a bit in between to check what happens if you do something :)Greetz Sun
,Recommended,232810,22083183,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Doctor Dank,"Not sure what the hell everyone is talking about in the reviews. This game is pretty great. It tickles my autism in just the right ways to keep me hooked on sculpting and building my little world. I'm 37 hours in, could easily go to Weyworld, but I haven't yet because I'm having fun just building my current empire. Once I've maximized everything there, maybe I'll continue. However, I'll bet any amount of money that I make it to the triple digits of hours in this game.Is it a little buggy? Yes.Is it missing possible content? Kinda.Is it sometimes rough around the edges? Sure.But it's early access dude. Calm the ♥♥♥♥ down. I absolutely recommend Godus at any price."
,Recommended,232810,18513759,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,TnToom,"I would recomend this game, it is hours of fun. Though definetly not a game that everyone would enjoy."
,Recommended,232810,8375818,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Roselillya,"The Game is pretty fun. It's far from completion and there's alot wrong with it, but they seem to be working hard on fixing alot of the issues. Avoid right now unless you want to support them and messaround with whats currently in the game."
76561198053098849,Recommended,232810,18202660,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Ardenack,"I have played Godus on and off for 2 years and it keeps getting better every time. I personally liked the heavy sculpting versions from back in the day but this new, more follower focused build is also entertaining. There is no reason to ever stop playing Godus, other than eating, sleeping, work, family obligations, and other such annoyances. The soundset and gameplay make it really easy to lose yourself in the relaxing world that is Godus."
76561198072867146,Recommended,232810,20898244,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Joazhu,"This game had so much promise.  Is it still and active project, or has the developer moved on?  I understand smaller development teams or single person operations would take time, but it would be nice if it were more clear."
,Recommended,232810,22236744,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Wadena,"I don`t know what`s wrong with me, but I like it...Do I recommend it? NO! Unless it`s on a 95% sale.I haven`t had any crashes so far (100+ hours), a few bugs here and there, but not more than expected from a game that STILL in EA.-Sadly I do agree with most of the reviews of this game, it`s not worth spending money on (I helped fund it at Kickstarter, way back when it was all ""honky dory"" and the game/developers still had some momentum). Would I buy it today? NO! But, I will play it (and enjoy it) today since I already wasted a few $ on it.+ The characters are cute (they worship me).+ Landscape is brilliant.+ Pace is relaxing.+ Astari festival music reminds me of Hawaii.+ Graphics are decent.###- No story (weak at best).- A few bugs.- Terraforming is a bit fiddly (great on my iOS devices).- Replayability is low.- Developers seems absent (possibly drugged)."
76561197984797737,Recommended,232810,17761538,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,greenfrog30,"Finally some improvements to a (in theory) great game. I actually had fun shaping the terrain, getting improvements and so forth. Waiting time and bugs very limited. I have tried to play this game on many occasions (sorry for misspelling) during development but always had to quit due to bugs and downtime. But now i have played for several hours straight, and have reached the second island with new development cards. :-) So i would definetly say that this game game is heading in the right direction ( the only way this game could head in)."
76561197994944483,Recommended,232810,25277939,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Miubot555,"I'm not sure why the ratings for this game are so low, because I really enjoyed Godus! Overall it's very polished and rewarding experience."
76561198074822440,Not Recommended,232810,10141404,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Purple the passive aggresive eel,Well after about 1  hr of gameplay the game decided to close on me and now it wont open dont waste ur money untill this is fixed
76561198115674212,Not Recommended,232810,15644701,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Squishy Fleshy Fishy,broken
76561198014940138,Recommended,232810,21071506,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Nebra,Better than Godus Wars.
76561197989479562,Recommended,232810,25259009,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,rcastro73,"Hi,I am not too far into this game and should  I say that I am actiually quite enjoying what the game currently is?  I did not back this game game on kickstarter and did not get taken in by the hype. As such I am enjoying what 22 Cans has so far produced. If you are scepticle due to all the negative reviews, that want wat was spoken of on the kickstarter campaign,  just give this game a download. Be warned that this game is early access, so is still in development (we hope). The game has a nice simple art style that is very uncomplicated and has simple controls. I wont regurgiate what can be found on the web, so will not go over what this game is and how it works.I will just say that the game is good and not as bad as the negative reviews  say. Download it and I am sure you will enjoy the game."
,Recommended,232810,25469522,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Dronicus,"Oddly enough for all the bad reviews I read and all the let-down I heard about this game, this was a good pickup for 15 bucks. It behaves more like a sandbox mixed with Black & White, so if that is your thing I recommend the game. Just understand that this is a developer release and lord knows when or if it will ever leave beta, and yes there are occassional crashes, but nothing that seriously impedes testing and play.That being said, take advantage of the developer commentary and the world editor. It is a lot of fun to play around with the tools."
,Not Recommended,232810,13223066,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Necroscourge,"Godus started out as a semi-fun game that had multiplayer. Then after many redesigns and the inclusion of an annoyingly linear overworld map you are forced to advance at the games pace rather than your own. Arbitrary limits and meters galore make this game a frustrating affair of only being allowed to play every so often.I lament the removal of multiplayer, even though it was never designed too well to begin with. It's frustrating that Peter Molenuex cannot make good on his promises no matter how much support he receives, and it makes me wonder how many ""famous game designers"" actually ever had talent to begin with. Derek Smart is likewise a ""legend"" in the industry but a total antisocial ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ incapable of making a great game.Why can't he just remake black and white but make it better. why!?"
76561198201597705,Recommended,232810,16428209,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,wagdragon,This game is beautiful and engaging the best god game i have ever played. They managed to delightfully create the dichotic relationship of a strong and interesting society with an open ended diety whose character is for the gamer to create. Good Show!
76561198282569776,Recommended,232810,21597334,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,b3kim4444,This game is awesome
,Recommended,232810,8408830,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Cameron,"This game is awesome to me, the constant hours on end times you can play it really makes me want to play more. Along with the really amazing game mechanics. I can't wait to see this game and it's features when finished :D"
76561198178270145,Recommended,232810,24306480,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,AG678,i really enjoy the game it runs very cleanly and if you want to watch me play it my youtube channel is AwesomeGaming678The game is so interesting and fun i cant help but want to play it more and more.
,Recommended,232810,20386301,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,ashzelda,"I can't believe how many hours of my life I have spent playing this game. The simple idea grows into a big concept fast. Honestly the reason I play less now is because I played too much, and I just couldn't take care of everything anymore. Much more fun if you just play it casually."
76561198092107762,Not Recommended,232810,20947167,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Wisp,so boring it gave me cancer
,Not Recommended,232810,34361708,Posted: 19 August,all,Zyzzx223,So sad. Another EA game that failed to deliver.
,Not Recommended,232810,9721250,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,「BrØdin」,"This game is a complete rip-off. For $19.99 you will get the most uninspired, boring and unfun mess money can buy. Graphics are terrible and the atmosphere is drab. The interface and what you can do as a god is a disgrace.Do not bother with this."
,Recommended,232810,17606463,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,[Redacted],"Sure, it's all negitive and it's like an IPad game, but i've actually tried both the versions this time.It's not all that bad. I'm not being forced to say that either, honest."
76561198004895838,Not Recommended,232810,12695154,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Wargasm,if you like clicking on bubbles be my guest...
76561198034979773,Recommended,232810,10524286,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Anner,"Godus. Well, it is really hard to make a review to this game, as it is changing drastically with every update, which - by the way - happening not too often, and it is bugged, which is of course to be expected of an early access game. I have experienced much worse on steam early access games, but also much better.To get started:22cans started off with ""Curiosity"" in November 2012. I really was excited to play this game, but did not know, that it was a mobile game only. At that time I did not have a Smartphone. Luckily I got one in March 2013, partly enjoying the game for the two to  three months. At that time, it was already clear, what 22cans wanted to do. It was mentioned that they were trying to create 22 games as experiements to show what CAN be done.So much for the pre-Godus-time.When Godus was released on Steam Early Access, I bought it right away. It was fun for the first 10 hours, taking my time getting to know the game. But I soon realised, that the clicking for collecting believe was far too frustrating. Also the game having many bugs and no long time playability due to being not close to be finished. I hoped for updates to be realeased every now and then, but when they were released, it did not feel like there were many changes within. At that time many players were already complaining about how the game was no good and everything. Some even going that far of attacking 22cans or Peter Molyneux himself, as being the single person representative for the whole team, whether it was intended for him to take that role or not by the 22cans-team, verbally.Playing the game less and less, getting more frustrated and mixed feelings by reading all the comments on the game, having the Adam-Smith-Sympathy-Dilemma (22cans being the one treated injustly - being verbally attacked, i mean (not just people complaining, that is not injust, but human nature ^^) - but 22cans always taking a step back, not trying to defend themselves in a satisfying way, but more like dodging and diverting from their original paths, admitting to have made mistakes). I first hated the part of community, that was just spitting nonsense and being unpatient and douchbaggish, but starting to hate 22cans for not reacting. At that time, the big silence came to be. Godus updates ceased to be released and almost no information on anything was leaked. I stopped playing Godus at that time, thinking, that it will never be continued or finished. After the time of the big silence, Godus 2.0 was released. I first did not know, whether I should try playing it or not. I watched the video updates and was a little bit♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at Peter Molyneux often saying the same things, using an uber-peaceful language (""It is so beautifully ..."") - this may be just his way of speaking about something he creates, but I couldn't take another one of those video updates on that matter, because it felt like he was lying using this naive point of view on what he and the 22cans team created. It was not water put in the fire, but wood, leaves and oil.In the end I tried Godus again and was positivly surprised. I playing it for about 20 hours. I kinda made a mistake by reading the forums and comments on the update-news, because it ruined the game for me again. I stopped playing Godus, thinking 'Yes, some people are right. This bug exists, and this feature is missing, compared to v1.x and this is also not that good, and this and that and and and and ..."" The game was ruined not by the developers, but by the part community, that does not seem to be satisfied, no matter what, those people, who will always try to start a fight with anyone, probably due to personal reasons or due to have expected something completly different. It was mentioned, that it is using a little part of the Populous-gameplay-mechanics, maybe that was and is what people expect the game to be - Populous 1 Reloaded. But it isn't - luckily. Well, I stopped playing Godus again for two months.After new updates, new homeworlds, etc. I restarted it, again out of curiosity on how the updates changed the game. I did not expect too much, but was positivly surprised, when some things were changed for the better, i.e. the respawing of chests, storms not doing damage to houses anymore. Unluckily some bugs found their way into the game, with which the game does feel weird. For example:- Settlements sometimes have one or more citizen to be assigned, but there is no room in any house of the settlement (one of my settlements has 89 not assigned citizen due to rebuilding the settlement after the 30% radius increase of the settlement borders)- Some settlements have too much room, but there are no citizens born anymore, leaving houses completly empty, not matter how much breeder i have assigned in that settlement- The new ressource-mechanics - as far as i understood them - are not working properly. I get no wheat or iron per hour, as it probably should be, but a fixed amount of these depending on how many farmers or miners I have- Some chests are in a layer below the lowest layer, but since chests are respawned randomly all over the usable territory, I can care less about this- The pathfinding for the followers is sometimes a little buggy- Builders just walking around in the homeworld start building where you don't want them to start building. When updating my settlements (destroying the old one, placing a new one when everything is cleaned up). I sometimes kill dozens of builders to have them not building, since building outside of settlements costs ressources- The sculpting tool becomes quite hard to handle when unlocking the 3-layer-sculpting- etc.I myself don't know, whether it would be better to fix the existing bugs or to not fix them, if the feature is going to be redesigned, like the settlement bugs.Well, I can't say, whether I would recommend this game to anyone or not, though I guess I will recommend it in the review thing, since too many just make thumbs down for a playable game that is not even 50% completed.For those complaining about the game being so slow in the development process:Have you ever developed a game? You may bring up examples like Assassins Creed, Call of Duty, Battlefield, whatever, but those projects have HUNDREDS of people developing it and are using premade tools given by their engines, etc. The sculpting feature is something really interested and, if you at least no a little bit about programming, really complicated to be coded and made bugfree. Most complain about the game being too simple or complicated, having not many features, etc., asking why the game is in this state though so ""many"" people are working on it: Having played the last version for 20 to 30 hours I must say, it gets more interesting with every new unlocked card, though some bugs kinda hinder me from using 100% of all gameplay-comforts.For those complaining about the believe not being collected automatically:I think the feature of collecting believe is satisfying by now, especially compared to v1.x of Godus, though I wish there would be more melodies, since i got bored of the old ones already ^^. Collecting the believe is a little pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥at the first stages, since you really have to wait some minutes. But you can use the wainting time to think about how to continue expanding your world, where to put an abode, what layers you want to focus on, etc. In later stages, having over 1000 followers, believe is not much of an issue anymore. You can just look somewhere in your homeworld, or just check out your settlements and get enough believe within 5 seconds, to continue sculpting for the next 20 minutes. One feature I would suggest is: The further you get in stages, the more centralised believe-spawns should become. Settlements already have this feature, but I would not make a believe collecting statue, but some kind of churches.But well, I already am at the word limit, though I have so many more to write about this."
76561198029271827,Recommended,232810,8416648,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,StanTheDanMan,"Great game, but the sculpting is a bit clunky. Wonderful design, good concept."
,Recommended,232810,5547274,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,yes lowel,BEST MOBILE GAME RIPOFF EVERRRRRRRRRRRRR
,Recommended,232810,9467697,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Linky,"GODUS sucked. Really badly. I didn't have the heart to send them a message telling them about all my problems. But why am I speaking in the past tense? Because the update fixed the problems. I was really worried that they had abandoned the game, but they were actually fixing the game for one BIG update. The drag makes things much faster and holding can chop down forests without it feeling like a chore. The only thing that I would like them to fix is how the game tells you about how long until things happen. This makes it feel like you should stop playing instead of doing other things. If that is fixed then this game would be perfect."
,Recommended,232810,7920862,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Saint_B,GREAT
,Recommended,232810,21118699,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Moltrase125,"Despite all of te negative reviews that this game gets, I find it to be a very relaxing and fun game."
,Not Recommended,232810,15196374,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Canadian Ensign,waste of money... stillEdit: 2 years have passed and it's still complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ Nothing has changed.
,Not Recommended,232810,15279596,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,76561193770722818,Shouldn't even be called a game.
,Not Recommended,232810,18743254,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,JEwTron,no good
,Recommended,232810,18466255,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Tasty Pickles,"It's a nice and relaxing game. Give them some time and they will make the game better. (even though its in beta for years)Well, being a god is a nice point of view, this game makes you feel the point of view."
,Recommended,232810,18635689,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Nexy,"Funny for a beta, but after 20 hours I finished"
,Recommended,232810,23493901,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,andrebadass,"If you are that kind of perfecionist person that has to control every bit of her life and surroundings, this is the game for you. You know that feeling, when you work so hard to make something and then you just wanna sit and watch it grow.Trust me, every single negative review are people that cannot handle the responsabilities of INFINITE POWER.11/10 would rename every single worshipper at my will all again"
,Not Recommended,232810,14417940,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,nonbiri,no
,Not Recommended,232810,23233624,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Slavzer,I will not recommend this game to anyone until the crashes are fixed and when the company decides to stop pushing updates that aren't properly tested. Great concept for a game but poor execution and development.
,Not Recommended,232810,20396635,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Cool Le Frog,Endless Early access
,Not Recommended,232810,18216719,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,item,"This game has long been in development , FML i cant get back my 9$ spent on this trash of a game"
,Not Recommended,232810,13521936,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,NixSar,"It's been two years now and the game still has no meaning, plot, goal... Much more importantly it's not fun to play, it still has tons of bugs and a gem-based progression system that's just an insult to its early supporters (and everyone else).Actually, it's barely a game at all. The best I can say is that this is an interactive 3D engine for drawing land and collecting chests, wheat, ore, belief and cards. Then it kind of does nothing else."
,Not Recommended,232810,15922398,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Jots,more clicks than in monster summer sale
,Recommended,232810,22542774,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,caffeine.tv/citflux ??,Spends 14hrs making the first island big enough to hold one more house.Frustrating land simulator.
,Not Recommended,232810,8382478,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,UltraViolence,"There's no way to create a new game?, next to no tutorial, and the game can basically come to a stalemate if you make certain mistakes....not ready for sale yet."
76561197995796433,Recommended,232810,34700652,Posted: 2 September,all,hansen-okeefe,"Godus should be a beautiful failure, with all its potential development seemingly come to a screeching halt. Maybe 50% of a beta, the existing placeholder animations still manage to be interesting enough to make this a decent goldfish bowl even if it'll never be finished as a game. Worth it if you want a nice background sim to run and check in on periodically."
,Recommended,232810,35015453,Posted: 16 September,all,slevelneves,"Good, but not great. Just gets to the point where it is a chore to play. 6/10"
76561198027166280,Not Recommended,232810,18084158,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Frostitute,I bought this game maybe 1 year ago!!!
76561197987772532,Not Recommended,232810,13728791,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,sensej.pl,Cheated us .. they wont going to finish it !!
76561198074894016,Recommended,232810,25657340,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Nyc;Tea,- Become god...- A bad one...- And feel bad about it.
76561198123044958,Not Recommended,232810,34616900,Posted: 30 August,all,TarziaTarziaThe679,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,232810,639212,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,The Butcher's Nail,"Terrible missed opportunity.Peter Molyneux sold this game on Kickstarter as being a successor to Populace with Dungeon Keeper elements. He later admitted that he was full of s*** and knew it, but was just saying anything to get people to fund it.What he did with the money he got for the paid PC version (and the money from the Steam Early Access) was use that to make a freemium iOS game. All of the same mechanics are in the PC version, just with a tacked on way to get the ""gems"" for free on the PC. All the same grindy boring not-quite-fun aspects are here from any of a million mobile free-to-play games.To top it all off, he's now abandoned the game and pulled the team off of it to start making another different game, which was also funded by the lies that Godus was built on.His company, 22cans, has not only utterly disappointed the PC gaming community, they have shown that nothing is too vile a business practice for them.TLDR: they lied through their teeth about Godus to get funding for the free iOS version and for a different game. F*** this game and this developer. Never again."
,Not Recommended,232810,24469387,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Wolly,"bad game, molyneux lies to me and takes the good coins from my wallet which i earn with sweat blood tearno buy if safe brainbad for times of goodno enjoynot for uu!!"
,Not Recommended,232810,25276455,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Ein,Bought it early but it never really went anywhere. Wish i could refund.
76561198046496600,Not Recommended,232810,28197161,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,The Trash Man,Don't
,Not Recommended,232810,14405017,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Izzatso?,"Broken Garbage, most Kickstarter promises are not in the Game.Motormouth Peter has left the Building.Don't Buy @ all cost.Never ever again i will buy a Game with Peter Molyneux involved."
76561197999652996,Recommended,232810,14468917,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,travi24,I have not loaded the game in a long time. Yesteday I saw there was an update so I thought o well Ill give it a try. Game is totally different then when I played it last. I had a reall good time playing it. Loved how the voice came up and explained things as they occured or were available. Play it seveal hours last night and again this morning. It is a very different type game that I am relly enjoying. Not sure what eveyone esle is complaining about other than the time frame. Plays very smooth for me and looks good. Glad I bought it.
,Recommended,232810,8719859,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Jicle,"So, Godus has been updated. The game certainly has improved from before, and I think its safe to say the Pay To Win aspect of the game is gone. Much of the old content has been done away with, and in my opinion it is turning out great. Of course, there's your expected bugs with a game in beta, but all in all it will keep your attention and keep you entertained for a while."
,Recommended,232810,7998702,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Tonemapped ✡,My initial review was more or less was the same 99% of the ones on here. However v2.0 bring a totally new game with gigantic performance and graphics improvements as well as a renewed way of doing more-or-less everything. It's no longer a clicking flash game but feels like a proper PC game.Well done 22C.
76561197998897692,Recommended,232810,9444636,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,A Giant Named Macumba,"I am going to be perfectly honest here.Is this game what was promised?No (at least not yet)Is this game free of glitches?Not by any stretch of the imaginationIs this game anywhere near done?No, and it is most definitely not 49% done.Is this game addicting and fun?AbsolutelyWhen it comes down games are designed to be fun. I have had a joy playing this game, and the lack of updates in the past few months have left this game gathering dust on my proverbial steam shelf. When you purchase this game you should know that what you are getting is incomplete and will crash. But that’s what you expect from a game in early access.I understand that many people consider this game a ""click fest"" but that is half the fun, and today's update addresses the excessive clicking in a large way. I have put a ton of hours in this game and can genuinely say it is a worthwhile experience.That being said I do hold a few grievances:1. In its current form water is too infinite, I feel like a lot more can and should be done about this. In the current version it is impossible to experience any topography or different types of biomes in the main world and that detracts from the overall experience.2. The path finding of the villagers is pretty bad. When you draw out their path using the leash they should follow the drawn out path rather than getting stuck in a mountain when obvious shorter routes are available.3. Stickers should scale better. As you progress you should be able to find ""more valuable"" stickers. This would make the game less grindy and allow for the game to progress far more smoothly.I genuinely find this game fun, contrary to popular belief, and i found it worth the money.A fun game that is far from perfect in its current state: 3/5"
76561198156687241,Recommended,232810,13501101,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,annod,"Overall, I've spent a lot of time playing this game and the sculptural element is quite unique and keeps my interest. I've personally only had miner issues with the game losing data - in the early days. Of the two home worlds to complete, I am nearly finished (after slightly speeding up house building which you can do - in fact you can change the speed of the game if you tweak these in early access. Its the sort of game to leave on in the background - and does require patience to progress. It's nothing like Farmville or other 'breed/farm/build' games people talk about.The only issue I have - is the full game was supposed to take your through different worlds - progressing through time from basic building tribes through to future worlds - like the space age. However, world two has only just achieved an ark and discovered monestries - so with several thousand years to go (and the company starting on a new game rather than focusing on this one) it is perhaps never going to be what was promised. However, for under five pounds in the sale - you would be stupid not to buy it. It's quite relaxing and sculpting the land is great if ypu are into more of the aesthetics than full on 'game'.  Also the PC/mac version is far better than mobile as you can get as many diamonds as you need just by killing off some of your tribes - diamonds get you extra belief and supplies and allow even quicker advancement."
,Recommended,232810,7798032,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,arweav,"I recently wrote a scathing review of Godus, primarily because I was convinced that it was dead in the water, but I am now forced to rewrite my review. The recent update shows that a massive amount of work has been going on as they have completely changed the game mechanics, and definitely for the better. The game feels much more fluid, and though its still buggy, and there are some changes that I'm not a fan of, it is much more enjoyable.While this doesn't excuse the way that they have dealt with the fans/early adopters, something has to be said for the hard work that has gone into changing the game for the better. Apparently they were listening, they just wouldn't tell us that.Hopefully update 2.0 (2.0.1 now) is a sign of a brighter future."
76561198007648626,Recommended,232810,8643077,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Deadlyblades,"Its interesting.. I have to admit my first time i played a bunch, its got its draw backs but definitely worth $10."
,Recommended,232810,3445361,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,weemcast,"The Beta has been interesting. It feels a little slower than I expected it would, but so far it's interesting and I'm excited about future updates. Here's my first impression video of Godus:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYWeVtb8JOk"
76561198080261937,Recommended,232810,8633732,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,evanmcsf,"The game may be unfinished but it's still very impressive. I liked that you could interact with virtually everything, and the simulated pvp style challenges were alot of fun. I'm not sure when the next add on is coming out, but it's supposed to work out most of the bugs, make interaction with you're followers, and make advancing through time much easier. You should buy this game, it's awesome."
76561197989110770,Recommended,232810,7762184,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,AntAstrophY,"As the game currently stands much of it feels empty and incomplete waiting for more peices to fall into place before it turely begins to shine. The ability to buy into Godus at this early stage seems to have left a far number of confused as to what to expect, however in my humble opion the ability to buy in and play the game at this point in time as it evolves is one of its defining features which makes it exciting to play even if it isnt exactly a programed feature.Overall Godus is great game and certainlly has a lot of potental to be something truely enjoyable and easy to loose yourself but just needs more time."
,Recommended,232810,9448751,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Boushh,"After latest update, it's still slightly repeditive, but not nearly as much. Silly fun game."
,Recommended,232810,8634039,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Joshrpg,"This game is very addicting, they can easly add more to it as they work their way to the full release. This game can easly go for a much greater price so if I was you I would buy it now!"
76561198044911531,Recommended,232810,15100066,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Diranux,Really enjoy this game! put over 400 hours into it split between the main branch(less buggy) and the opt in(sometimes really buggy). Over all I feel it is heading in the right direction. It's great fun to start off with getting the tech and land unclocks.I still have hope this game will get finished to be an incredible God game.
76561197972572499,Recommended,232810,13493826,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Driblou,"Godus is the example of a successful indy game.Although the base idea is not that original (god games already existed before this one), new elements and singular gameplay make this soft a special one. I particularly loved the layer system, and the fact that you can actually shape your world as you want it to be.I just regret that there's only one similar map for everyone (but I know that the studio is working on that), and that sometimes, your progression slows down because you have to wait several minutes to finish a building in order to unlock the next element of your adventure.Anyway, I recommand this game. Godus illustrates the fact that Kickstater powered projects can be crowned with success.-> Pros :- layer system- smart gameplay choices- a real artistic identity- everything's very smooth-> Cons :- a little slow and boring sometimes (not for long)- one single map, which avoids any ""replayability"" of the game"
76561198000553296,Recommended,232810,8698616,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Oddjob,I love it :)A really funny terraforming game :)
,Recommended,232810,16974035,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,ulrik.borg,"Hate it, love it?Let's start with the final words: Not counting MMO's, this is the game I've spent more hours on than any other game since I got it. For all it's flaws, for the things itisn't, I obviously got some serious value for the money I paid. So I do recommend the game, but you should know what you're getting and what you'renot getting.First off: Everyone knows Mr Molly is full of it. If you send money his way youknowhe's not gonna deliver. I backed this pretty early on and I've played through several iterations as far as I could (and it's so very annoying reaching the limit where you can't really do anything, or replaying everything 4-5 times).I don't like everything they've done, how they'vecompeltelychanged the game several times, but it is addictive. You want to get the next power, new buildings etc. It is very much like Populous, and nothing at all like it at the same time. It's also a fairly unique game. Yes, I've playedBanishedetc, but for an old Populous addict this is as close as it gets.That said, it is slow, it is grindy in it's own way and it's nothing like Mr Molly promised, but you will spend a lot of time on this title and you will, mostly, not regret it.Short update: Tried it again lately and it IS moving forward. Every time I start it time seems to disappear. No it's not perfect, but a game that makes you loose track of time, well, that's a sort of quality statement."
,Not Recommended,232810,7808532,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,LaDeeWaffle,It's really boring
,Recommended,232810,7762802,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Trainlover,"Quite a fun game to play. However I found that it got a little hard, difficult and repetitive to play after a while but it is early access currently so I'm sure things will change. I would recommend this as a fun and different game to play."
76561198074768891,Recommended,232810,7922852,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,SphincterPunch,Really enjoyable. just a sit down and stay calm video game:)
,Recommended,232810,8642639,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,KinematicKisses,"I was rather surprised at how much I enjoy this game.. I'm still a little wary of the gem system, but so long as its something I can get in game I'm not gonna complain.. and so far I've doubled my original amount of gems, so it's looking good so far.. The world creation is phenominal, and I'm really enjoying having the civilization aspect as well.. over all, considering it's still in beta, I think it's a great game, and I'm very much looking forward to the completed version.. I definitely recommend investing in the game."
,Recommended,232810,7832425,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,MiamiNights 2.0,This game is very creative. The only thing I have to say about his game is that the updates need to come quicker. If you want power wait until the programmers create a better sculpting system. If you like to take your time with things then this is the game for you. All in all this game is a 3.75 out of 5.
,Recommended,232810,7850133,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,DyNasty,This game is great. It is very addicting and easy to to get into. The world is beutiful and the mechanics and graphics are so smooth. It is fun to just sit and watch your followers work. I can't imagine how good it will be once 22cans adds more. It is deffinitley worth it.
76561198019189559,Recommended,232810,7882258,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,[AW] Brooksie10,"Godus isn't like any other game I have played before, it was very fun and intresting litterally nudging your civilisation a long it journey, couldn't help but feel it had a long way to come from the alpha to a finished product.  However even in the alpha state it was really fun and I cant wait to see what directions this game goes in.  The Fights vs other Computer controlled gods were amazing wish there we more!"
,Recommended,232810,7889737,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,QtheMuse,"When this game is completed it will be amazing.  If you want to support it do so and get it now just to mess around with, but don;t expect much ATM."
,Recommended,232810,8688654,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Rycr0x,"I know there are many bad reviews for this game. However, I fully have enjoyed playing this game. Yeah it has bugs and clicking forever is a pain in the butt, but it Pro's outweigh the cons. Even though moving the land in this game is tedious and takes a lot of clicking, I find it fun to be able to shape the land so much. I hope in the near future that there will be better/quick ways of moving the land how I want to, but moving it currently does have a fun factor to it.I have had a lot of fun building my civilization and explore out to the farthest possible for this Update. I have been able to explore a new ""God"" game that is really exiting. I cannot wait for future updates. In fact, that is my main problem right now. I want updates to this game right now because I am so excited to see what this game will become. I have spent many fun hours on this game exploring this new world of sculpting the land and messing with my people. I hope to see a lot more from this game!Pros:New way of sculpting the world around youAmazing background and interaction musicAmazing design style of people, land trees, etc. ~ simple yet aesthetically pleasingFun multi-player battlesExciting advancement of civilizationCool God PowersLots of ExplorationConsToo much clicking to move land (and collect belief to activate God powers early on in game)Not enough gems to progress in a fun way (create settlements)Not enough updates to the gameA potential gem store (I HOPE NOT!)Inconveniencing cards that need to be collected to advance forward (most likely to change in next update)Overall, I found the game to be a lot of fun. When I hit problems that hindered game play I found ways to fix them, (Google is your best friend). Right now, I cannot advance any further in the game, but I check steam every day to see if there is an update, because I cannot wait for the changes to come.Just remember this is an unfinished game. I would wait to buy this when it is 50% off for $10.I would not buy this at full price as it is now."
,Recommended,232810,7898980,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Friedrich Nietzsche,"Brilliant Game And The Map size is Incredible, I am keen to see how this game develops.Amazing Diversity and physics, interdependant aspects of every thing in the map mind bogglingKeep up the Good work 22cansthank you for this revolutionary title"
76561198054332647,Recommended,232810,7876786,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Gyrant,"This may very well be one of the coolest little games ever! At first glance, it appears to be some sort of Populous 3 clone, but actually is not. Godus has some good design, some good artwork and some good fun challenges, which players of any age could enjoy. The game is currently in beta, at ""41%"" complete. I am enjoying it a lot so far and looking forward to future update releases! WTG 22 Cans!Godus positions you as a god leading your believers to prosperity. It very effectively gives you the sense of power, responsibility and moral superiority to god them however you please. In addition, the design of Godus brilliantly illustrates the basis of real-world religions in what is probably the simplest fashion possible. It's fun, challenging, and has a mess of moral implications on the validity of belief in the supernatural. The 22 Cans team are doing some fine work!"
,Recommended,232810,7896774,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Avruch,"Bear in mind that this is an early access game. A lot of its features aren't complete, and development work is evidently pretty constant and substantial. This game has its flaws: I had no idea what I was supposed to be doing early on, there's no tutorial to speak of, the instructions are limited, and play style is so unusual that you couldn't really call it intuitive.But after a little bit of tinkering I figured it out. While the gameplay is still somewhat limited in terms of dimension, it's oddly addictive. I spread out my little civilization across the water and over the mountains, knocking down old-tech buildings with tornadoes when more lucrative replacements became available. I haven't got into the God battles yet, although it looks promising.If you like solo building games, a la Minecraft, or the more basic and gradual strategy sim games then you'll probably enjoy Godus. I wish I was home playing it now, I'd really like to see what comes next!"
76561198074267068,Recommended,232810,8577665,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Martakan,"Not even finished completely (currently in Alpha phase version 1.3.1, but I would recommend it to anyone who loved Black and White GOD-like ability to move and create the world you see fit! 5*!"
,Recommended,232810,8575902,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Excerpt,"This game is a time sink. I love it. A lot has changed since their most recent update. I lost all my saved games but the new version is much less click happy and has an easier card ""upgrade"" system. Give it some time and you'll love it too."
,Recommended,232810,8639116,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,JaBoSS,Very cool! Almost like Black and White.
,Not Recommended,232810,9133683,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Amy Schumer,"This game was orginally meant for mobile and instead was moved to PC, definetly shows it in it's horrible quality. Now I understand if a game is an early access game then it is not expected to be it's full potential, I understand it's not it's ""final version"" but the fact the last update was 2 months ago makes me feel like this is the final version/ they're letting it go. The game isn't bad for the first 25-45 minutes, it's actually pretty neat, but the more you advance on the worse it gets. This game is reptitive and sad, that being said if they actually put what they had in the pictures in the game it could be better, neverthe less the game is horrible and I would not advise buying the game, even if they update it.3/10 wish I could get my money back."
,Recommended,232810,13443836,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,snacks010 (carell34),"fun game, but ive noticed if the developers are talking (via the help or tips they give) if you do anything else (open cards, try and use god powers, etc.) the game has a good chance of freezing. i mean everything gets saved but still bit annoying hhaving to restart the game.over all though fun gamge ^_^ building and exploring is great"
76561198057714234,Recommended,232810,13530396,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Ebenso,well i loved it
,Recommended,232810,13466792,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Tresky,"This is a really interesting game. I got it when it was just coming out and really did not like the way it played, but the new updates have made it so much more fun to play. There is now some structure of goals to accomplish in the game and it also provides some small level of economy to play around with in the form of ""Belief"" which is generated from your followers.You play as God and terraform the land while making sure that your people are happy. Growing your population allows you to unlock new technologies to better form the land or even better care for your people or make war against the Astari people.I would recommend this game to my friends, but I would tell them to play the mobile version instead. Here are some reasons why:1) The click and drag mechanics of this game are much better suited for the mobile screen.2) It's a waiting game to some extent. You start building some stuff and then 30 to 45 minutes for it to finish. Not the type of things you'd open and close constantly on your computer.3) It's a great time waster (in a good way). No story to immerse into. No complex game mechanics to conentrate on. Just piddling on the phone.5/10 - Computer7/10 - Mobile Phone"
,Recommended,232810,13497841,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,SilverStar,"I've just spent 2 hours with the most relaxing tutorial I've ever played through. And I don't know if I'm even close to the end.Yes, the game has a lot of waiting involved. It does have some trappings of clickbait mobile games. But, they give you items to not worry about those if you really don't want to.The tutorial that's in place, however, is something I have found genuine appreciation for. Everything is explained, in detail, by Peter M and another developer explaining it. Verbally. Without pausing the game to make you have to get irritated.In 2 hours I've gone up two full tech levels, I've been sculpting the world around me, exploring the new technologies that have been unlocking quickly, and generally been relaxing.But for the people complaining that there's nothing but waiting all the time? Please, go back and play the original Populous. Sitting around, waiting for your population to increase, mana to fill in, working to slowly craft the world through hundreds of levelsMaybe these people think that it's not a Raid Game like Black & White, or an Action game like Fable, so it isn't any good. I think this is more a return to the days of yore with the original Populous games. Where you can sit and create a strategy. The only difference, is there's no real enemy to worry about, yet. You're not combatting the environment, or trying to destroy some eldritch evil. You're trying to keep your people happier than the other people are. This isn't a bad thing."
76561198117061739,Recommended,232810,15081072,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,BlueFairy,"I appreciate this game for what it is.  On my tablet and smartphone I find it frustrating with the small screen and my imprecise fingers.  On the PC, I find it more enjoyable.  It appears to have most of the same features as the Android version.If you're looking for a more sophisticated game complete with battles and conqueoring nations, then this game isn't for you.  If you enjoy a casual game that is relaxing to play, then I encourage you to try it."
,Recommended,232810,8649952,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,FlashGordonRox,"Very Good start of a very addictive game!Played for 2 days now, am very satisfied with my purchase!!However, I do have a few suggestions that devs might like to review and consider1: all the houses that aren't in a settlement, grant some sort of godly power (pay 5k to collect all the faith)2: review chest positions; I digged insude mt. Everest to find a chest.3: consider increasing population per higher level household?4: Maybe Add age requirements5: more to come"
76561198062218903,Recommended,232810,11577628,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,MSullivan32,"Great game, excited to see what the future holds for it!"
,Recommended,232810,8675651,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Javek,I have only played this game little but im already hooked. Im looking forward to future updates and what the developers are going to do with it 10 out of 10
,Recommended,232810,8670059,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Queen Mムve,"This game has a lot of potential and it's addictive! The graphics are perfect for this game, it makes it simple yet beautiful. In the beginning it says the game is only done for like 41% now. So I can only reflect on this 41%!The first time I played, I've been going on for a few hours..You start with two 'people', you help them build their settlement. Along the way you can gather cards and give the people knowlegde. That way they can grow and your powers too. Also you can build your own land, you can make it anyway you like. Your little people react to that as well! They stop for a moment and are enjoyed when you are working your hand on the (is)land.A little further in the game you can battle against other players. For example: Who can build the biggest settlement in 10 minutes. I love this, it's takes you away to a minigame for a moment. It makes the game better and you can win cards with it! The first time I even got a 'special guest', he wanted a house away from the village. So I had to make the land in a way, the man would be happy. You will notice he wil point or give you a sign what he wants. This is another little lovely part I love about this game, it's like a miniquest.But still after all this, it's still doing the samething.. clicking. Sometimes it takes to long until you get further. I wish you could do something with the temples. I hope they will put more depth in the game. If you compare it with B&W, this game is just a point-click game. The cards your looking for are in chest under the ground, you have to dig for them. You are leveling up, the more people belief in you. But you only get more land, not a single card or other reward. I want to build other buildings, even in the beginning! I want to see people walk! I miss so much in this game...If you want to try the beta, buy it on sale! It's not perfect and not worth the whole price.[update/edit] After 3,5 hours I'm finally at a point I can build settlements. That way I don't have to click every house! Still, I takes very long to progress. Luckily the devs are doing a lot with the feedback. So I hope it will get better, I feel  a little old school playing this.. I loved Populous, I wanna love this!"
76561198038391633,Recommended,232810,9446032,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Tony Saint,"The Game is ok, but it just needs a bit more work done before people can actually get into it."
76561197962144831,Recommended,232810,11613681,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Kratz007,"Been with the game since it first went on sale on Steam. It has been coming along nicely. Hoping to get somewhere along the lines of the old ""Populous"" games. Love how you use the cards to decide on which new abilities to purchase."
76561198079001094,Recommended,232810,9213126,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,1001YellowDaffodils,"I think the games been canned. There has not been a update to it in several months now, I got it around christmas time last year and there still has not been any updates from what I hear there has not been a update at all this year or most of last year. It's not a buggy game atleast I have not ran into any glitches but it's only 41% done and has been that away for a awhile now..After reading a review onPolygon.comabout the next update it is going to be a big with over 100 new features and bug fixes and based off what i could gather you should expect the update this week or next. However, They will implement a in game store so, depending on how they handle it this game could turn into a pay2win situation which makes me wonder if this game is gathering funds for a even bigger project from 22cans in the future.. Peter has had a history of jerking people around but none of his games have been down right awful and '♥♥♥♥♥♥' (Aside from maybe fable 3)."
76561197968975589,Recommended,232810,9441299,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,stickman,"with the current state of the game i do not reccomend on buying it, i tought it was fun for as far as you could go, but waiting for the updates is a pain, and you have to wait for it sooner then you think"
,Recommended,232810,9775975,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,The Kolbster,"This is beautiful, every update makes the game just even better than it already was. Much nice."
,Not Recommended,232810,8793134,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Internuncio,"It sucks, don't get it."
,Recommended,232810,7876496,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,DanDerethor,"Weird but fun, not too fast paced. dont expect black and white 2 or you will be dissapointed but it has a little charm of its own if you just wnat to sit around and build a world"
,Recommended,232810,8651026,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Dandamann,"Despite being only in beta, and the very prominent notice on the games splash screen stating that it is only 41% complete, this game is stunning, both esthetically and technically. The game starts out a tad consusing, two 'followers' smashing away at a large rock and a narrow FOV that i would liken to the Fog of War in the AOE games. It took me two or three tries, using up all of my 'belief' - the in-game currency used to fuel your godly powers - each time. When i was close to giving up i figured out that you can hit trees and rocks to destroy them, earning yourself belief along the way and clearing land for your two little guys to start building your first 'abode'.From there the game speeds along at a rate of knots, earning cards to help you advance your civilisation and grow your powers.I wont give it all away, for 10 bucks you may as well just buy it and give it a go.Totally and utterly reccommend,D"
,Recommended,232810,7930533,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Tchaikovsky,"Although the game is still rough around the edges it has huge potential. the graphics are simple, yet beautiful and the gameplay is intuitive enough for even basic gamers to understand and enjoy. I am sure the final product will be amazing."
,Recommended,232810,7793960,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,xerxys,"Godus is, currently, at an estimated 41% of its total gaming experience, but I wanted to post a review, biased of course in light of its incomplete status, as the gaming experience is already compelling enough to warrant it. Peter Molyneux, creator of classic god game Populus and more recently the innovative Black & White games, returns to his most favourite of genres. This time he's at the head of his own tiny development studio, 22Cans, and has the freedom and flexibility to do exactly what he wants with the god game he's flirted with so often. So, what is different with Godus? Well, if you ever played Populus, then the answer is not an awful lot. At its core, you interact primarily with the world to influence the actions your believers take, growing your population to increase the amount of belief which unlocks greater powers and, when faced with opposing communities of believers, to destroy them. It's a return to Peter’s roots, with some major modernisation and some interesting and unique features that, at this early stage, often still feel very embryonic and unformed. The biggest one of these features is the land editing system. Separating the land into height-mapped strata that can be individually manipulated lends Godus its unique appearance, somewhere between a voxel-style game and simplistic WoW-visuals. At the start, you're able to only move one strata at a time, making your development of the starting beach area slow work that serves as a kind of tutorial, where mistakes can be made and remedied on a small enough level. On this beach are the only two people in the land (apparently twiddling their thumbs and waiting for a god to app- oh, how fortuitous!). If you clear a large enough space of level land within your tiny circle of influence, then a blueprint for a dwelling will appear, the people move in, thank you with belief and hey presto, you've got believers, which then produce another believer who can then build a second house, and so on, ad infinitum. This is now pretty much where the game has got to gameplay-wise so far: you level land, sculpting and clearing as you see fit, blueprints appear when enough land is free, people move in, multiply, more belief, blah blah blah.The first distraction is the treasure chests. These are scattered across the map, some in plain sight, whereas some require a little digging, and each contains a card. These cards, along with those you acquire as you reach certain milestones, go towards moving your population through various advancements. In the beginning, this is primarily in the form of bigger and better dwellings, allowing more people to live within the same building, as well as generating more belief. Another is the town centre upgrade. By placing a town centre, all dwellings within its influence can support more population, and the belief of each individual dwelling is collected in one place, meaning less of the seemingly endless clicking that takes place in the first couple of hours of the game. The chests can prove to be a tempting treasure hunt at the beginning of the game, as your influence expands faster than your ability to populate it and the stream of belief can feel like a mere trickle compared to your ambitions. But, the contents of the chests are not fixed, and opening them all too early can, at this early stage in the game, prove to be a severe hindrance, as you often turn up cards that are of little or no use later on, when other resources for more advanced upgrades and abilities are required. The fact that this is not at all apparent within the game can lead many players into handicapping themselves without even realising it, and I have restarted twice now, with only my third playthrough seeing me holding back on charging around the landscape, unearthing chests and altars.Altars are the next distraction. Mostly, they serve to expand your influence in set areas. The single map Godus currently ships with is hand-detailed by the developers, with chests and totems strategically placed to be either just out of reach or hidden just enough to require you to pay attention when scrolling over the world. There are other altars, however, with some granting you abilities, and other, larger altars that unlock the challenge and multiplayer modes (ensuring that you are at least familiar with the basic game mechanics before charging off to battle).As you progress though the game, your powers grow, and soon you are able to shift several strata at once, allowing you to tear down mountains and raise plateaus from the sea bed. Blueprint footprints begin to sprout like weeds in the place of all the trees torn down in the name of progress and suddenly the game is racing ahead without you. This is where Godus begins to creak a little at the seams. Its pacing is incredibly unbalanced at the moment, with the start of the game feeling a little too much like hard work, whilst later on the lack of direction (granted, mostly due to the unfinished nature of the game) leaves you wondering ‘what now?’ and wistfully wishing you had more chests to open, more challenges to complete or more gems to mine. As I said, in the beginning every last point of belief is precious and feels earned, and you’ll quickly find yourself blasting rock and tearing down trees for the little bonus belief it infers. The fact that there is currently no way to regrow the trees leaves you with a rather barren-looking landscape, especially in the areas where you’ve heavily terraformed and had no choice but to bulldoze them.Once your population grows beyond a certain point, you move into the next age, and agriculture now plays a role. This was introduced in the update from October and certainly helps give players new focus as you begin to rethink the layout of your towns, incorporating wheat fields, and the population goal now shifts towards amount of grain produced. This shows that the game has plenty of tricks up its sleeve, with the update and introduction of agriculture only shifting the completion percentage of the game up by a mere 1%, and has certainly whet my appetite for how the game will further evolve and shift focus and priorities as you progress. But at the moment, the slow development progress (almost two months since the last major update), means that players are left twiddling their thumbs and waiting for divine intervention, much like those first two believers back on the beach at the start of the game.The game has promise – lots of it – and the early beta release of the game, still less than half done, combined with plenty of community feedback could see the players having real influence in just how the game evolves, whilst letting developers know the issues that need to be addressed in what they already have. It’s a new way of developing games, giving the player community more of a hand in the birth of a game, rather than having a development studio’s ideas and visions thrust upon us fully-formed for better or worse. The advantages or plain to see: by letting the people interested in your game help mould it, you ensure a far greater probability of producing a game that appeals; you also get free and comprehensive bug-testing at every step (we’re yet to receive any updates with major faults, but it is still early days), plus the revenue stream starts far earlier, allowing smaller studios such as 22Cans to offset a lot of the cost with people willing to pay up for a product they know is not yet ready. If this is the direction game development is taking, it’ll be interesting to see how it turns out. A similar sentiment, it can be said, for the game itself."
,Recommended,232810,7872962,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Ace of Hearts,Age of Empires mixed with Black and White. A winning combination.
,Recommended,232810,13372130,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,zuzzabuzz,"The first time I played this (January 2014) it was pretty but not much substance. Just dusted it off this weekend. It plays nicely on my old (2009) iMac, looks beautiful and is starting to feel like a full game.  A tinge of nostalgia kicked in as it reminded me of playing Populous II and Black and White. After the enemy wiped out a good chunk of my village, I was ready for revenge.  Still playing through, and it's pretty good fun. I look forward to the finished release. Check it out!"
76561197975487507,Recommended,232810,14533364,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,madventura,"After having read all the negative reviews, I would like to set the record straight!Yes the kickstart idea was a bad one and yes the whiners and whingers on here are not bashingthe game but the 22 can team! SO WHAT ABOUT THE GAME????As it stands now with only 53% complete this game is one of the best games I have come acrossin ages. I own and play all total war games, planetary annihalation, all sid meier games , spore andherein lies the clue as it stands this game is already better than spore ever was. So I for one cannot wait untill they finish the game with the new team.As for those who just want to bash for bashing sake grow up as you are certainly not helping yourselves let alone the team.The game does have a few bugs and is still in beta and still its one of the best i've come acrossso if you like building and you like god games and you like setller games you wont be dissapointed as long as you realise that beta means beta and not finished!"
,Recommended,232810,15356680,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,AcidHappy,"This game is wow. Do you like terraforming? Do you enjoy being loved by tiny people? Want to feel like god in a slightly uncompleted game? Godus is for you - jampacked with crazy deadly multiplayer that will destroy your oponents ground-forming strategies. Go nuts with clicking things, dragging things and searching for ever elusive treasure chests."
76561198110595730,Recommended,232810,27588344,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lexi,There was definitely love put into this game. Such a shame it seems dead now.
,Recommended,232810,15205107,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,DocNeon,"I first played Godus on the free mobile version, and it instantly intrigued me! After a few days, I bought it for the PC, and I'm liking it even more! The game mechanics are clever, the art style is lovely, and I loved making my people happy! The only part about the PC version I don't like is that it's harder to sculpt land with the mouse. Otherwise, it's brilliant! 10/10!"
,Recommended,232810,10765463,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,funjokegoeshere,"A really fun and enjoyable game, although it does get dry after a few hours of playing straight. It is an inventive and new style of gameplay that is addictive. I recommend everyone get this game, especially since it is in Beta and will only get better as updates roll through."
,Recommended,232810,16661665,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,{SLURP}Legion,"I don't know if its just my computer or if its everyones, but everytime the game updates I have to restart so it would be helpful if you made a way to skip the tutorial if this  is happening to more than just me."
76561198070153431,Recommended,232810,8713200,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,GetBucketz,Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun
,Recommended,232810,8345613,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Dog,the game in its entirety is just relaxing (unless you actually take it seriously) which it is not ment to be so just relax.
76561198054360918,Recommended,232810,9161091,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,JayTee,"This game has a lot of potential. As of right now there isn't a whole lot to do other than see how big you can get your population. Not a great game, but if you can find it on sale it can burn up a few hours of time."
76561198087634869,Recommended,232810,9442540,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,FRESHBRU,"The objective of this game is to raise a civilization and advance it from cavemen all the way to modern day people. Each time you advance your civilization they get new tools, skills, supplies, and later on those things start to get more important like farming, politics, and so on. This game has quite a few aspects of real life in it like having to fight other civilizations for resources, having to deal with weather events, stopping forest fires, and much more. One thing I really like is finding hidden monuments that were left behind by the unknown civilization that existed before yours. Overall I would recommend this game to the more calm / creative gamer because it will take you some time to set up your civilization and explore your world, and because there is a lot of land sculpting involved in this game. On a side note one thing I would like to see is the people in the game at one point realize they are in a game."
76561198064741202,Recommended,232810,9488704,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Ebola,"The game may not be that fun at the beginning because it is quite difficult to unlock some of the best features of the game... I bought the game thinking that it would be something like From Dust. I was verry  disappointed when I discovered I had to unlock and even pay to use some features like meteors, thunderstorms and other cool features. Furthermore, I was very disappointed when I played the game's multiplayer mode, I didn't expect something like Total War, but I expected sth different.If you are willing to play until you unlock all the features, I think it may be a fun game to play, however, if you're just like me, that wanted to ♥♥♥♥ up with everything in the world, you'll be very disappointed. I would recommend you From Dust, Banished or Age of Empires."
76561198085769093,Recommended,232810,13442404,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Zeparr,Love this game.
,Recommended,232810,13455248,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Skeletor Penetrator,Very good game! I highly recommend playing this game.
,Recommended,232810,13849279,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,MeLY3o,"J'adore ce jeu!! Je le trouve vraiment bien, malgré quelques petits défauts, mais comme il n'est pas encore fini, on doit attendre..."
76561198005670048,Recommended,232810,14890130,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Tokelu,"Still has a few issues, but is very promising, gameplay is easily understood.Offers hours of entertainment allready"
76561198048843549,Recommended,232810,8471568,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Lunarpriest,Strangely addictive!
76561198109891065,Recommended,232810,8441241,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,I am Candy,"Great game to just tune out the world, and build up your own lil piece of, well whatever you waant it to be. Lost track of time while i built up my villages and made my towns stronger."
76561198039513845,Recommended,232810,9669017,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,cuddycaverns,"this game used to be a partially finished product that was based on some good ideas,now i would call the 20 dollar screen saver  to be a staight up hustle for cash by incompetent hacks that are light years from even being organized"
,Recommended,232810,11579534,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,MonkeyOnACloud,The Game is really thought out and simple to understand. I do feel that getting your belief can be a little difficlut to get while playing since its what's needed to mold the world and cast different godly powers. Saying that you get belief while you're not playing it so when you return you have a crap load to use for the next run. Overall it's a great game so far and look forward to it being finished.
76561198066380708,Recommended,232810,11772248,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,brucey,"Hello, big essay review.  My thoughts and my playthrough on this Early Access of Godus.There is no pausing unless it's part of the game.  Events will go on without you.ExperienceNow when I started playing this game during it's early stages of the early access.  Establishing your place as God in the world was horrendous.  I also did not know that this game was also for the IOS so anyway moving on.  I actually didn't play too much when it started actually but from what I could tell,  it needed tons and tons of work.  The things they had put in back then was just to test their ideals to what it could be close to their vision so I couldn't say that you shouldn't have gotten this game back then or even now in it's 2.0 stages.  It might be better to wait for the full game release when they have finally updated it the last of the updates but who knows how long that will take.Anyway for me I don't have a fairly strong computer but it's strong enough to play and enjoy quite a bit on this game.  I only started playing this game again when it finally had updated to 2.2. and yes that is a long wait pretty much over a year.  I had this game sitting in the back of my steams library never playing and checking up on it.  By the time I did it had already been updated to 2.2.  So that had me thinking ""hey,  maybe I should check up on this game now and see how much has improved.""Again I didn't play all too much of it back then when it started.  It was only a couple of minutes because I lost interest so quickly.First off the commentary was delightful and yes I enjoy having someone talk me through and show me how they see the functionality and beauty the game will and can be.Improvements/Game mechanicsYou get cards that improve and or give you new things to mess around with such as God powers or giving your followers something to do such as making better abodes.  A few cards accomplished and some commentary later into the game and what I saw wasn't a book,  but a timeline.  Reminded me of Spore alittle.  The timeline is a great new update to the ugly flip the page book to see what you're missing and already have cards and cards that need to be found or accomplished.  It's easy to switch between what you have and what you need to accomplish with just a press of a button and a little screen sliding.  You collect tool stickers that can help you enable those cards you found since the cards have a percentage you'll have to find plenty of stickers to enable those cards. Collecting tool stickers and gems from chests you find on the ground is pretty cool but you'll find yourself wasting a bunch more belief if they happend to be in tougher terrain so you have to ask yourself if it's really worth it.  Gems are more valuable and they help you progress through the game faster.  The possibility that it will be just a couple or even one gem or sticker maybe not be worth it. More chests can be found after a thunderstorm has occurred. Belief collecting from building to building is still a bit annoying and irritating even with the mouse sliding till you get into the much later stages of the game to enable a shrine that automatically collects for you.  I remember clicking a lot also on the terrain to create more land connecting between other islands to further increase your population or getting to where you want to go was a bit of a drag but has been a bit improve with the mouse sliding which makes it easier. I heard they change the way settlements work now and I'd say they have quite improved on it.  Having way too much smaller abodes around you can use the settlements power to combine all the houses into one leaving you with more room for farm,  ore mines, or more abodes.  This power is quite pricey in belief so make you have quite the amount or you'll be waiting a bit for that as the power to create settlements can be up to 3000 to 9000 belief power so save up as much as you can.VoyagesVoyages were not in the game during its much earlier stages.  They take you away from the world itself and put you into the mini games.  Early on the Voyages become quite fun leading your followers to the shrine by putting up pathways and avoiding the enemies but then as you progess closing to the end of your voyage the challenges are much harder as they're are more obstacles in the way or maybe you don't have enough followers with you because you made one mistake and that one mistake is very brutal.  Yep,  you take the full punishment of having one follower not going where he is supposed to and dies off against an enemy or maybe trapped himself in the deadly swamp due to collision error but this is only if you have the preferred amount of followers and if you failed with one,  you will loseALL of your followers.Your boat can only hold 30 followers until upgraded but until then you'll have to wait long hours for reinforcments such as 6-9 hours depending on much you have lost on your voyage but don't worry because you not only have 1 but 4 voyages to go to and they each come with 30 followers for you so you can switch between the four.  The voyages themselves also have a timelimit as well and as for now I have about a week left for all the voyages to partake in.TimersTimers are on everything.  Your houses to collect belief,  house building, voyages, reinforcements for voyages, houses to fill up with breeders and workers and then later on farmers and miners.  Their timers can be due in minutes, hours or if possible days to wait for just one worker, farmer or miner to appear.  Depending on the terrain houses/abodes can be built quicker but they don't provide as much as abodes on better terrain such as grass.Pit of DoomYes,  hence the name I think it should be called the Pit of get more gems.  The Pit of doom is introduced into the game only on the PC because of IOS users using an appstore to buy gems and is pretty much the first to build shrine.  You use it to sacrifice more of your followers to increase your quantity in gems to increase gameplay such as more stickers to fill cards to use or more belief to sculpt and leash the land and other followers.  The downside is your population knows you are sacrificing their people and get upset and lose the happiness on your happiness meter and can be devestating and punishing as the game progesses.  One note though is that I sacrifice all the time due to timers being so long and having settlements already they produce more breeders faster than I can sacrifice so I would say go the evil route because it's easy to manipulate and anyways you are God.  God also has powers that can make people happy so...  do what you want.AstariNow your happiness meter is what comes into play when you are first introduced to these little pesky pests known as Astari.  Just another humanoid villager with a village known for mad parties and being lazy and no belief in you.  Once you are introduced they start having festivals that rival against your follower's happiness and if they succeed in having to be more happier than your followers then your followers will become sad of you and move on to them.  Because this happens every hour and if you care alot about this, in real time the festivals can take place with or without you checking up in game.  So make sure you keep them happy or you'll be waiting hours for more replacements.  Another way is to use your powers as God to destroy their village further decreasing their happiness and the amount of population the Astari have.  Once they are completely gone the village is yours.  Since it is early access you are going to have to find other ways to make the Astari come out in order for you to dispatch them.Do I recommend this game?Yes, no, and not yet.  The game is still not finished so expect the review to change."
,Recommended,232810,10957008,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,lennywales,Don't buy this
76561198113387643,Recommended,232810,11615587,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,legionnaire1211,"additve...looking forward to seeing how the game develops in the future. While it does keep you busy, it is easy to see how some interface tweeks could make the game play more smooth."
76561198055019663,Recommended,232810,11024053,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Noluckst2,"You should play Godus because it's one of the best outlets to fuel your god complex, and your obsession with flat surfaces. Also, being at  the head of a monotheistic  civilisation feels oddly rewarding. If you want to feel like a canonized Roman Emperor and a city planner from Norwich both at the same time, this game was made for you !"
76561198045988554,Recommended,232810,11570546,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Just A Hapless Trooper,"Ok, guys, I don't understand what all the hate is pertaining to this game. All the negetive reviews state one of two things, or both. One, is people complain about the game being about clicking, and two, the game is glitchy. Look, if you're complaining about this game being about clicking, breaking news, all strategy games are like that, but I'm sure you like those, this one just requires a bit more of it with sculpting the land and everything, but if you're complaining about the clicking, either you don't like this game, or you just don't like this style of game, whether it be a god game, or an rts, they both require clicking, so quit complaining, stop hating the game just because you don't like this style of gameplay. And disliking the game because it's glitchy, well you spent your money on an early access game, no one here to blame but you, you bought the game, stop hating the game for your decision.Now that I've gotten that out of the way, let's get into the review. Godus is a god game, a game where the gameplay revolves around using your devine powers to nurture your own little civilization of followers. Not all these powers necessarily help your followers out, like the ability to hurl meteorites at them, but abilities like the basic sculpting of land, and the planting of trees will help your followers spread their civilization and offer you more belief. Belief is basically what allows you to use your god powers. Personally, I don't like the belief system. Not only is it needed for you to use your god powers, but you also need it to build monuments, send out workers, select followers, construct settlements, basically everything uses up belief, and you can drain it very quickly. However, it is very easy to get belief, it is obtained in two ways, by clicking and dragging over your followers houses/settlements, and by destroying rocks and trees. Having to clikc and drag over your houses is annoying though, why can't it just be automatically collected? And why do I need to wait so long for my followers to offer me belief? Settlements can take up to 20 minutes to offer you belief, basic houses can take up to about 2, but why do I need to wait so long to get the resources that allow me to play the game? Belief either shouldn't be in the game, and we should be able to just do everything for free, or if you're going to keep it in, give us belief over a shorter period of time, give us more options as to how to get it, and automatically collect it, instead of having us clikc and drag over out entire civilization to collect it.Next let's adress your followers. Followers are split up into different occupations, such as builders, farmers, etc. Right off the bat, their pathfinding is horrendous, they can only walk in one direction, straight. If you sculpt a staircase of land up to a beacon or some other build site thing, that isn't directly in front of them, they will wonder around all over the place, and come across the staircase after wandering hundreds of feet in all different directions, or standing still and just pointing up. This is really just for the builders, farmers and miners, and all those other types work fine. That's really th only major problem with them, and it gets easy to work around it, but why would I need to work around that problem? Just fix the pathfinding. A minor thing would be the combat between followers. Not going to sugar coat it at all, it's boring. They just run up to each other, and flail their arms around. It's not really exciting or visually appealing or satisfying. Can we please give them weapons? Look up on google images, Godus battle, and you'll see guys with swords and shields, those are not in the game. Give them swords and shields, and weapons that evolve over time, like bronze age, bronze weapons, etc., all the way up to they obtain fire arms and all that other stuff. It will make battles alot more interesting to watch, but to play, can we please make it so we can organize companies of followers? Imagine large companies of your followers, lined up with swords, spears, shields, bows, and banners in the air, facing the enemy who has companies of their own, charging at eachother. Different unit types would allow for alot of strategic choices on the battlefield, and it would make battles alot more epic. It would allow for a blend between the usage of your god powers, and your military tactics, like sending out compainies of swordsmen, and then creating hills using land sculpting to give your archers the high ground. Again about military units, why not have like siege engines? Why have my followers run up to buildings and destroy them with pickaxes, rather than having a catapult or cannon do it for them? Or to take out large scores of enemies? So yeah, battles could defenitley be better, but lets move on to selecting your followers. You select your followers by holding down left click and dragging it over each one, then continue dragging it to where you want them to go. Ok, why not just have the simple click, drag, then right click to where you want them to go? It would be alot less annoying. This one is more annoying than anything else, large amounts of homeless people popping up. Where are they coming from? Stop having them appear please, I don't want to sculpt new land every 3 minutes for the next random homeless guy that came out of no where (not to sound cruel, if I were really god, you bet I'd do it for a real homeless guy, it's just annoying here). Another thing that techically pertains to followers is build times. Guys, it's getting rediculous, 8 hour build times for a pile of sticks I'm going to light on fire, make it shorter. Overall, are followers useless? No, they just need some improvements.Next up, the graphics. I don't know what the current genrations fascination is with a minimalist art style, but I admit I do like it. The world may not appear very realistic due to it's art direction, but it still manages to look alive, and the game is appealing to look at, and I wouldn't think you'd need a really fast pc to run it.Another thing that may annoy some about the game, is the way the timeline works. The timeline tracks your civilization's progress, and you unlock certain things by using stickers, which you can obtain on voyages, or by digging up random treasure chests in the dirt. Ok, 1st, voyages, fix the pathfinding and you pretty much fix the problems those have, and getting stickers will be alot easier on there. 2nd, digging up treasure chests in the dirt, guys, dont make me waste belief taking apart a mountain like a freaken jenga tower to get a sticker to help advance my civilization, or make me destroy a house to get one thats underneath it. Just fix the placement of the chests, and we're good, somea re in plain sight, so they aren't all annoying to get, but it would be nice if they really weren't annoying to get at all.The last thing I want to adress are the god powers. Why do I need to unlock the ability to sculpt multiple layers of land? Last time I checked, I was playing as God, just give me the ability to do all the basic land sculpting stuff, don't break it up into little parts to make the game more time consuming.Ok, I understand it seems like I have alot of negative things to say, but I enjoy this game, it's still in development, and the most we can do, and what we should do, is leave our suggestions as to what we want to see in the game, and maybe it'll happen. Can I recommend this game? Yes, can I recommend to everyone? No, that's impossible with any game. If you don't like sitting back, watching your civiliztion grow, or you just don't like the way the game is played, then this isn't the game for you. But if you like nurturing your civilization, and all that, then by all means, if you don't mind it being early access, buy it, and help us make it better."
76561198079498047,Recommended,232810,14393392,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,bJAKEd,"Smart, hard-hitting, and visually amazing cartoonlike graphics, Godus is an instant classic of Civilization creating games."
76561198004960418,Recommended,232810,9150772,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Morian,"this game is so beautifully pointless and bad, you need to experience it. The AI is something that should be lauded as the worst thing to ever happen to anything. In an attempt to simulate a ""multiplayer experience"" Peter Molyneux has mixed Greek and Norse mythological themes with a teenage girl's problems with her alcoholic father.I'm not ♥♥♥♥ing around. This is a game about being a god to a budding civilization based on Nordic and Greco traditions.And then there's a fake human who talks about how her dad is an alcoholic. This happens. It is a key part of the game.I can't say the intended game is worth 20.00 because only the first 4 hours are ""fun"" (the rest are like a facebook game that requires you to not play for days on end to actually progress), but it might be worth the 20 if you want to experience the weirdest attempt at emotional connection ever."
76561198056459938,Recommended,232810,9442181,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,toonarmy36,I love this game even before the 2.0 update I still really liked it yes the continious clicking was tedious but I still liked the game now the massive update is out and it has addressed a lot of the issues and has made the game so much better no more tedious clicking everything that used to have to click u now click once and drag over the others and it does it. I only hope that they continue to ssee player feedback improve upon the game and I just hope they keep focus on the pc game and leave the tablet version 2nd best this game has to be developed for the pc first and formost otherwise this game goes down the drain as no one will play a pc game made for tablets first.
76561198067304263,Recommended,232810,11789310,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,LadyDiesAlot,Aboslutely love this game. I'm on it any time my computer is open (mostly to gather belief). It's such a beautiful world and I really enjoy making it the best for my followers. I do wish that you could have an option to run more worlds at once though. Sometimes I just want to destroy things without letting my followers down.
,Recommended,232810,16329766,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,H3ady,"I see a lot of people complaining about this game, I personally like this type of game."
,Recommended,232810,7876393,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Col.Hogan™,"Quite a cool game, can't wait for the full release!"
,Recommended,232810,7880694,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Varietis,"I feel like this game is underrated. It is such a unique, fun game. I see myself playing this game a lot in the next couple of weeks, I have had a lot of fun so far and I can't wait to see future development of the game since it is an Early Release."
,Recommended,232810,7765903,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Simokya,"Great start for a beta. Nice toches and reminds me a bit of the Populous games. Also a bit like Black and White.Nice touch with cards, battles and god tools - worth playing and will certinaly be nice when its finished and online."
76561198053221721,Recommended,232810,8779277,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Bad @ Rocket League,Game is ok. Fairly boring and long. Little reward for maintaining people and upgrades are found rather randomly. 7/10
,Recommended,232810,8837651,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Myssiing,"If you like sim games, especially sim games where you get to play a God, then you'll love this.  It's only in beta, atm, but there's so much to do!  Very addictive."
76561198000999969,Recommended,232810,7901611,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Proc,"Tons of potiental, tons of fun for the first 10 hours.  The game admits to being beta 40% so don't expect a finished product until full release.  If you're tired of just smashing things and blowing things up this game is a very creative sandbox style game.  Right now with beta access don't expect anything but a demo available, unless you're a goon \/ and havn't read the description.  I suspect when this game goes live it will be much more attractive as right now it is only missing a few key features."
,Recommended,232810,9582956,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,tiffa,"I have never played B&W or their other ""god"" game, but I really enjoy playing Godus.   Sculpting is zen-like as described.  Still, I wouldn't recommend playing this game yet UNTIL IT IS COMPLETELY FINISHED.  It is too much of a tease and maybe, trying out these beta updates, are ruining the final game product for me.Before Godus 2.0, 22cans had a general survey we could complete regarding Godus gameplay, that's gone now so I'll just write my own review in hopes that someone from 22cans will read this!First, the bugs:---follower leashing does not work, followers often become lost or will not interact with spaces that clearly need to be built upon---my stickers disappear immediately after being placed and absorbed into a card.  Now I'm too scared to use any stickers unless I'd have maybe 40 of them....---""you have AN lost follower""....okay I'll ignore the bad grammer that keeps flashing with sound effects in front of my eyes (but you couldn't have fixed a single typo before releasing this?  was it not worth your time to double check your spelling?)  I don't know if this is a bug or an undeveloped part of the game but if I can't resolve a lost follower (other than kill them) then what's the point in warning me?!!!---cap at 600 followers?  Is it suppose to stop there?---there's a totem pole high on a mountain, which I'm guessing expands the map that no followers will interact with.  It's just to the right of a small shrine, central to the map.I do like that exploration, expansion, resource discovery, etc. has been slowed down.  It don't find it so slow as to call it a mobile game.  I've been playing it on my PC and, sure, there are long waiting times for some things to be constructed, but I feel like this is merely a bug with the followers and I'm hoping eventually they'll become more efficient.So, my suggestions or concerns:---Please let me know how many stickers I need to open a new god card!  This is so demotivating, I stopped using my stickers since I think they're bugging or the game wasn't developed enough to unlock cards---I don't mind collecting belief manually, but maybe when the game is more advanced and the map is larger, could belief be automatically collected?---May we zoom out even more?  Like in Civilization, you can zoom out quite expansively, it just makes it easier and faster to scroll around the world---There should be a nicer way to scroll forwards and back through the timeline.  Maybe buttons that let us jump to the far left and right extremities of the timeline.---I likes the way our god power interface was in the initial release of Godus.  May we have a choice to see our godus sculpting toolbar alongside the map?---The breeders and buffers are boring, it's not much more interactive in my opinion.So far that's my opinion.  Is there a better way to reach 22cans and put in some input?  I know they have support@22cans specifically for bugs, but do they have a system to listen to our reviews?"
,Recommended,232810,7872518,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Forebode,This game is great!  It's very relaxing to play.  The hours just melt away.
,Recommended,232810,7847182,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,overlord2304,"It's a great game and I realy feel that it's not getting the apreciation it deserves from the largest part of the community only because they quit playing after a hour for the common reason of ""too much clicking"" but I can asure you, most of the complaints have already being fixed long before most of these complaints came in, and yes, theres bugs, and yeah, i've lost 50% of my progress after a patch one day, but it's still a beta and their doing their best, so realy, buy this game if your intrested, it will be worth it."
76561198007856868,Recommended,232810,7857487,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,CannonFodderZ23,"Pretty good, considering it as an early access game. Not many bugs, though the few there are usually are not simple fixes. Definitly worth the 20 bucks, (If you like god games.)"
76561198107777900,Recommended,232810,8791147,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,TKJ_1990,"I love this game for a variety of reasons. It is fun, engaging, occasionally challenging and has a neat multiplayer option. If the updates keep rolling in then I think that it could be a great finished game in the future. There are a few things I would hope come on future updates including a mini-map, more challenges and expansions, and more interacting with the followers. I would like to be able to interact and choose what my people are like. It would be interesting for them to be able to interact with their surroundings a bit more (building houses, chopping trees, mining) more than they do right now. Overall I think it is a great start to a game, and with 44 hours in I would definitely recommend it!"
,Recommended,232810,8819999,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Leet Owl,It's basically the same brand of awesome as Populous. I've reached the point where my people are becoming explorers. Which means they're just asking for a meteor to destroy their horribly laid out settlements. I demand perfection. :p
,Recommended,232810,7870975,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,terra_dea,a decent start for an alpha launch.good renewal of their concepts. looking forward to the finished version.**not entirely happy with the slowness of updates and the lack of communication from the dev. team...
,Recommended,232810,7922921,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,jimoth,"It gets a lot of hate but I'm really enjoying this game and finding it quite addictive!EDIT 11/02/2014Coming back to this game, I have to say I was a bit quick to announce it as an addictive and fun game. It was good at first and is a nice time sink but has no real depth or gameplay to speak of apart from clicking the landscape. Overall, I would only recommend this now if more gameplay features were added."
,Recommended,232810,7844982,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,|Swimminginjello|,Pretty fun game once you get used to it. Its the type of game you can play for 5 hours straight and never get tired of playing.
76561198028053740,Recommended,232810,8654021,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Stoned Ranger,"Although at the start of the game you don't know what to do, you will soon get the hang of it and love the game. Has alot to offer if you're bored lol"
,Not Recommended,232810,17165903,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Mischief,"This game gave me horse aids, this game is more of a joke than 9/11."
76561198064575584,Recommended,232810,11009552,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Martin Sakur,has tons of space to evolve yet addicting
,Recommended,232810,8673727,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,ANIME TIDDIES FOR TRUMP,"All I have to say is...""owow"".This game is simple enough to play without directions, terraforming for the sake of making room for homes is great.I get the idea. You set along the path for your people to strive by your own means, helping them along the way. However, my game did crash and I wasn't able to play much of it, but for the three hours I got through of it, it was brilliant.HOWEVER, the only things I would change is the way that the camera rotates around the area. I assumed that once you rotatedyour camera around to a different angle by pressing Shift+A or D, it would lock. However, it kept constantly reverting to a default mode.Also, choosing layers when terraforming proved difficult at times when trying to pick a particular layer. Other than that, Great JOB."
76561198031606664,Recommended,232810,9719104,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,KyleTheCreator,"Fun indie game, still needs some work but the major update fixes major problems. Simple city-builder but lacks ability to custamize. Good time waster, 7.4/10"
76561198097083708,Recommended,232810,9827215,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,narzulnatel,This game needs a way to restart. I don't want to delete all content and re-download if something goes wrong.Also I have issues with quiting the game. The quit button doesn't work and I need to open taskmanager to stop the process. Often I have to reboot my pc.
,Recommended,232810,8542905,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Anshelm,Awsome game. its fun. PLAY IT! NOW!!! lol. The Creative play stile gives you a real fealing of adventure and creativaty as you shape the world around you for the people in your city / town.
76561198087149517,Recommended,232810,9749409,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,adamwozere,"Great god game. Can't wait till it's 100% done.Too many bugs and crashes right now to enjoy a long-term investment, though."
,Recommended,232810,10462980,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Roadhog,"Please dont bother, its full of glitches and unplayable."
76561198041113727,Recommended,232810,13312884,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Greater Dog,"While many reviews about this game are negative, I'd like to try and stay fairly positive for a change and take the time to actually explain things, I'd like to put my own two cents in with pros, cons, and my own opinion about the game at it's current state.I bought this game (during the black friday sale) expecting a calm, relaxing tycoon-esque game with terraforming abilities and maybe a bit of strategy to get things to work right. At first I was struggling to get belief (the currency to use powers, leash followers, etc) but they had recently updated to make the belief regeneration alot smoother and faster and allows constant gameplay time if you're strategic enough. Take the time to listen to the developers commentary in the beginning, it's very helpful. Now I'm a bit of a minimalist so this game was perfect for me. I don't really need a ton of things to do in one game in order for me to be happy, as long as there's a goal and the mechanics work, which they do. The point of the game is to expand your following by sculpting the land for them and allow your people to grow more civilized (And this power can be upgraded later to be more useful). Whether you like or dislike that base mechanic is your problem entirely.Now this is still an Early Access game, meaning it's still being developed and working out some issues. I've already noticed a few but they are very minor, like particles overlapping or being misplaced and during thunderstorms the buildings have the same effect as the trees and get stretched. Bugs such as this should be reported toI have few Cons about this game but I'll try to be as open minded as I possibly can. It's very slow at first to unlock new things, since the only way to unlock them is to get items through salvaging chests you can find by sculpting out the ground or doing Challenges (in which they've not finished just yet, so I can't comment too much about that). Another note to point out is the other tribe called Astari. Occasionally you'll find one or two walking around your village and have no place to go and will refuse to build their own house, causing constant unhappiness (can be fixed). You also have the complete option to destroy their village and never have them return. My last con is that they should implement some more ""expensive"" powers for when you've acquired so much belief you have nothing else to do with it.I have many Pros but we will keep personal preferences out of it. The game works, and it's a pretty solid game. I've only had the game crash one or twice on me. The mechanics of the game are easy to understand and the goal of the game is straight forward. Migrate your people to larger land, build, upgrade, expand, and make your followers happy. OR you can terrorize them and build your civilization up and destroy it all to pieces. It's all yours for the taking. At it's current state it's a simple, basic yet fun and enjoyable game. I don't think it was ever meant to be a complex game. Further down the line I hope they implement more strategy to the game though, and maybe even another tribe.I've played this game for hours straight. I'm at the point where I'm unstoppable and have expanded buildings to towering cities on the very little land I've started on. I'm very curious when I unlock all the land patches all the way to the Astari's land, and take over the ARK that's there (apparently it goes to another world? INTERESTING!!!). This could literally be an endless game of building and tycooning. I really think this game will become something tycooners will truly enjoy in their library.Hope this helps. Thanks 22cans!"
76561197970171990,Recommended,232810,13348061,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Dan,"I remember Populous fondly so I was instantly intrigued by Godus. I've been playing for a couple of months now and I have nothing but praise for the PC version, the tablet version has one major issue for me though. The control system is clunky which makes a variety of tasks, mostly sculpting, very difficult most of the time.I would unhesitatingly recommend the PC version though."
76561198077212129,Recommended,232810,13161011,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Rufecent,"godus is fun if you like to be a god,the game is very fun until you come to mid game then its more like wait  do wait do wait do,but i think the game devs could make it better by removeing the wait of the wait do, i will give it a 5.6/10"
,Recommended,232810,11987511,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Sprout,"First, I guess I should preface this by saying I enjoyed the mobile version of the game. It was actually how I was introduced to Godus, but I found the tedious motions of controlling things with my finger on a tiny phone screen to be maddening, so I opted to try the computer version instead. I like it much better and it's disheartening to see so many others deplore this game in desktop mode.Granted, Godus does have its flaws: its mouse controls aren’t quite right, they're missing some fluidity in sculpting and the voyages are a Lemmings fantasy. But the removal of pay-as-you-play gaming for the computer version and a semi-tighter control of land sculpting with a mouse really makes this an enjoyable casual gaming experience.I do emphasize casual. Godus requires a lot of patience and waiting for things to be constructed; it's a great game to leave running and occasionally check on to harvest belief.On to the mechanics:The land-shaping can be frustrating. Often it works beautifully, other times, you end up gouging away the wrong layer of land or repeatedly click and drag-drag-dragging to do what you want wasting Belief all the while. The voyages are where the sculpting frustrations are most noticeable. And for the most part, the amount of scultping you accomplish for the amount of Belief you spend is very off-kilter.Unlocking cards for new powers seems slow too; digging for the chests spends more belief and you begin to wonder if it's worth it to dig so much. And where are those god powers of destruction that could blow away half the mountain in one click as opposed to gently scraping layer-by-layer, anyway?But after playing for a while, you get lost in the calmness of the game, you learn to enjoy its serenity and ambiance. Aside from the voyages, there is no race against the clock, no anxious frenzy to complete impossibly timed challenges. It becomes something truly enjoyable if you just wait it out.The only thing I could suggest for immediate improvement would be a ghost line grid across the fields, and a clear notation of how much grid space needs to be cleared per housing unit. I've blown a lot of Belief tirelessly sculpting places for my followers to build only to find that the space still isn't quite big enough.All in all, I think people ought to stop giving Godus such a hard time. It's still early-access, there is much room for improvement, but Godus is starting on a solid foundation."
76561198040882826,Recommended,232810,13244322,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Joypadgentleman,"I just bought this game on steam as I have been playing it on mobile. The gems seriously ! you kept the them gems in from the mobile version, and (not that I would) but you cant even buy them to speed things up. £15 for a game where all I seem to do is wait, thats not good enough 22cans I get ur in Beta and balancing the game. This as it stands right now though is out of balance completely!. I want to play this game so much as when Im not sitting waiting for belief or the stupidly long time it takes for crops to grow im having fun. I dont want to sacrifice my people just to make them game go forward faster. Decrease wait times in the PC version up the ammount of crops you gather and gems you can find. No matter how out of balance this throws the game, at least I wont be sitting there staring at the screen like im still playing on mobile!. The only differnce between the two games is that the mobile version gets to pay to go faster if they want to carry on without sacrificing people. Add good and evil to the game and makes powers that unlock according to which way you decide to play. PLEASE!. I want to play this game but I cant at the mo cause its not got good time flow!. I am recomending this game because underneath all the unbalanced gameplay theres a really good game waiting to come out. Keep away from the mobile version of the game on PC, theres no extra money to be made from in game purchases here. Its only gonna♥♥♥♥♥♥people off who brought it!."
76561197977250280,Recommended,232810,12097368,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Tommy Wiseau,"A pretty fun game, it kept me interested a lot longer than most."
,Recommended,232810,19251201,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Nabe Goodle,"I've stuck with this game for a bit (over time, not too many hours on it though) and how it has progressed is pretty great...aside from an update removing my homeworld. Apparently many are hating this game, not sure why, but a tool that I've been using when I find it to be going slowly is cheat engine. I ONLY used cheat engine when I found myself a bit sedentary in progression, even though the awesome developer commentary told me that I should never find myself in such a situation. I think the balance between challenge & consequential accomplishment AND progressing through the game slightly weighed in favor of grinding and challenges. However this may not be how one plays and they can enjoy the challenge/simple grinding of resources but, again, I just found it tedious as ♥♥♥♥ so cheat engine is literally the only thing keeping me going because I want to discover all of what this game has to give without spending twice the hours on it. Hopefully this encourage people to buy it ($20 is asking a bit much for what I've experienced, but I'm sure the amount of work put into it is worth well over $20. Just add to wishlist as wait for sale :)"
,Recommended,232810,10792960,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Groshh,"I can't decide if I like this game, It's improving over time, but I just don't feel connected with my world or incentivised to grind for hours. The terraforming is cool, but I don't feel compelled to change the world for the better."
,Not Recommended,232810,10990918,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Kherbyne (Nekopara God),Gay fish 0/100000000000
76561198028978102,Recommended,232810,15359774,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Lortius,"This game right now is definitely not a lot of people's cup of tea, but I actually quite enjoyed it, obviously it still needs some work here and there, but other than that it's a pretty good time killer. I would like some more action, but I know that isn't what the game is about so I can't complain :)"
,Recommended,232810,15277920,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Renegade,Brilliant game!
,Recommended,232810,13885664,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Flobalob Grape,"Godus is a very interesting concept for a civilisation-building game, and the mechanics and gameplay are very smooth and well presented. My only criticism is that there isn't much of a purpose, there's a lack of objectives and aren't any clear cut rules. All the same, it's still in development and certainly has the potential to be fantastic."
,Recommended,232810,13580143,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Morgan,Shalom.This game is really good considering it is still a early access game.
76561197987244542,Recommended,232810,13605109,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Unreliable,"Great game. Hey all - If you want to see if you want it or not, download on phone for free to see for yourself. (SUPPORT)"
76561198045165765,Recommended,232810,15814239,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,luxuriousgrey,it's a good game a little slow to start but it gets faster as you go.
,Recommended,232810,10710674,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Frekant,"I first played this on my Ipad, and when I got an advertisement when I was surfing the web for cheats (lol) I saw that Godus was on steam too, I immedeatly went home to buy it, and guess what? Its on sale!This game is great, a mix between Terraria and Minecraft, but the ultimate edition. I could recommend this to anyone, and yes, there are a lot of bugs which needs to be fixed, but let's look at it this way, it's still in beta. I can't wait to look at the final game, and Devolpers that is creating this game, GOOD JOB! I was amazed even on my Ipad."
76561198025188913,Recommended,232810,9656021,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,wils2,"I've seen a lot of people complaining about this game, and that's unfortunate. The most common complaint I see is that the game still has many issues and people want to know where their money has gone. My answer to that is this: first of all, it wasn't that much money per person. If you couldn't afford it, you shouldn't have invested it. All investments come with risks. Secondly, a good game takes time to develop, and it's clear that Peter Molyneux and the team at 22 Cans value player input as part of the process. Constructive criticism is going to help produce a better game than negative whining.For my part, I've enjoyed playing the game as it is now. Sure, there are some issues. It's a game in beta. I expected issues. But I believe I can see the scope of what this game can be. It's a fairly unprecedented vision, and only about 49% of it has been developed. Be patient, and wait to see what the development team has in store. You might be pleasantly surprised. It has a lot of potential, and I very much look forward to the completed project. Until then, I am quite amused at the progress I'm making so far in the beta. It's fun, it's charming, and it's not complicated. I actually find it pretty relaxing.Good job, guys!"
,Recommended,232810,7954651,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,bertha blues,its fun just requires a lot of patience.
,Recommended,232810,4545970,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Buttercup,"It feels like a flash game. It's pretty much mouse-only for the first three hours, but if you need a silly, relaxing game while stuffing a sandwich in your mouth, this game's for you. 3/5"
,Recommended,232810,11757008,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Admiral Zeus Sampson (RS),wonderful
,Recommended,232810,8443320,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,PsychoLucario,its no black and white but the simplistic graphics and the massive terrain sculpting combined with its simplistic objectives and musical notes for everything makes the game a fun addicting challenge
,Recommended,232810,8266300,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Spaghett,Get it
,Recommended,232810,10723335,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,fightingGUYS,"Boring and addictiveAt this stage, the game is highly addictive for terraformers, but offers little progression or meaningful gameplay. Look forward to the future releases but maybe avoid for now."
76561197987430708,Recommended,232810,10704235,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Immy,"A really good game. Very different from a lot of others I have played. There are parts which progress very slowly due to limmits purposfully put into the game by 22cans, but still enjoyable."
,Recommended,232810,8755155,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,potent,"Ive just started playing this game and it is awesome, relaxing and very fun.If youve played cossacks in the past you would of noticed the relaxing ambient sounds of birds etcwell Godus has bird noises tweeting and the sounds of the waves, so its very peaceful.Quick and easy game so far, you can get real into it once you know what youre doingtakes time but like many games, once youve learned what the idea is, time flys.hope you enjoy this like i do, i advice giving it a shot before it becomes popular, early bird catches the worm.Plus if you play CSS or fps's, this game can increase your aim hahaThen start giving your own reviews to get more players for multiplayer.peace and love, treelion."
,Recommended,232810,8686888,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,セックス大好き,"So far, the game feels relatively lacking in content, which I can only hope is a temporary state. However, the game itself isn't a bad idea. I'm liking it thus far, but I'll be continuing my exploration of it to see if I go nuts or not.Godus is a game about building. You build the environment and you build the civilization that lives on it. It's not QUITE a solid GodSim in my opinion, as the only thing god-like about the player is the ability to control nature. There are better games that represent a GodSim than Godus. One thing that you need to know before you play Godus is how click-based it is. You never stop clicking. EVER. And of course, the masses will complain about this, calling it a ""Facebook Game,"" yadda yadda yadda. If you're REALLY into worldbuilding and civilization games, I tell you this: Godus is good. You'll have fun with it. But be prepared to wait for a full release. In it's current state, it falls relatively short. I'm anxious for it's full release. Godus is one of those games that you need to play without a review, to see what YOU think about it."
,Recommended,232810,8674205,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Brianwong007 the eggs benedict,"I feel like I am a king,LOL"
,Recommended,232810,8672303,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Little Demogorgon,"STAY THE ♥♥♥♥ AWAY!No, en serio es malo... malo malo... malo!"
,Recommended,232810,8735735,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Mark Mavel,So far the game is fun although it can be buggy at time which is expected with a game that is said to be only 41% complete. I like to play it and I would reccommend it to any person that likes to casually build something without having to put any thought into it. I find it very relaxing and often come to Godus when I am stressed out about something in life as there is no point I think I could ever RAGE QUIT in Godus. I hope they add more elements of control to the game along with add some better visuals and creation tools. Overall its enjoyable and I would reccommend it.
,Recommended,232810,8322531,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Sippy Cup,Game is so fun.
76561198009094720,Recommended,232810,8664854,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Dala,"Godus is very similar to one of my favourite games of all time, Populous, but on steroids.For those who have not played Populous, you play a god, as the name suggests. You control a tribe of people. Starting with two, you are tasked with building a small settlement and later expanding it to form a network of towns, villages, and hamlets. You have god like powers such as the ability to raise and lower land and to create swamps.The graphics are beautiful. I love the building models and the water effect.Helping your people build settlements is a lot of fun.The game in currently very stable.This game is even better than Populous and it is not even finished yet!"
,Recommended,232810,8656056,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,iDextrose,"Once again the artistic endeavors of Peter Molyneux have graced us with another out standing GOD game. If you are a fan of Civilization, Simcity, and Populus then this game has everything that will quench that thirst. For a game that is only in Alpha they have already built a very powerful foundation to build apon.Cannot wait to see what this game is going to offer in 2014!! :)"
,Recommended,232810,8378702,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Jukes for Jesus,Knocked down trees and stuff. 10/10 would do again.
,Recommended,232810,9161340,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Cyberdyne,It's cool but it's taking forever for them to update.
76561198069206112,Recommended,232810,8241990,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Shapoopi,"Quite a bit of clicking, but I really got lost in it. If your looking for high pumping action, with constant thrills, this isn't the game for you. This is much slower paced, and has its own thrills. Though I am currently stuck, and there is some tedium to the gameplay at the moment, I'm sure that future updates to this ALPHA, will prove worthy. Ecspecially after picking up this early access on sale ! Things like inability to directly control the workers, or having to click far to often to sculpt, and not being able to advance due to lack of multiplayer, or ways of obtaining the cards. All of which I have said can still be addressed.In short, don't expect alot of action, but it certainly kept me occupied and amused with the time of spent with it so far."
,Recommended,232810,8944449,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Retr0Rob,"Godus reminds me a lot of Populous, but then again it is supposed to. Basically the goal is to grow your followers and advance them by exploring, expanding and defeating computer generated opponents on battle maps. (I assume that in the future these will be human controlled). So far Godus has done a great job of keeping me playing to unlock just ""one more area"". Godus also shakes up the Populous rules quite a bit so it does not feel like the same old game, like how village growth is pre-planned instead of organically grown or how you spend a lot of your time in game hunting for collectable cards to  get new powers or technologies. It threw me for a few loops early on, but once I got used to the structure I liked it quite a lot.  I like the bright, colorful and detailed graphics, and there is enough going on graphically to make the world of Godus come alive.  Currently (as of Feb 1st 2014)  there is no background music. Adding some would help make this feel more like a finished product (it is a beta of course) but nothing is stopping you from playing your own. Sound effects are all there and they are quite nice and clear. This game is well worth a look for anyone looking to relive the glory days of God games. Go ahead, give it a shot."
76561198054962558,Recommended,232810,9745748,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Dax Creek,"The update isn't good sadly.Firstly, Godus crashes more than it used to. Say every ten minutes or so. This is highly frustrating.Secondly! My followers have suddenly gone back to the stone age and can't build the huts that I have previously unlocked, considering I've spend a good 10 hours on making my followers amazingly awesome, this was annoying as the card isn't there for me to try and unlock again.The voyages are still intensely boring and it's difficult to get the motivation to do them, I would recomment a storyline or something to go with it? Maybe followers could have uprisings, wars, create tribes, anything like that. And exploring they could come upon new people that don't believe in you as a God and your followers could take over and slaughter or enslave them? That would be awesome.There's still quite a few bugs to be fixed and I would recommend you make it so you can create a new game or with every big update you do, you make everybodies games completely reload again so they can start again with the new updates as it is completely different every single time.The main problem right now is that it is now unplayable for me until the next update, which is saddening.All in all the new update could be awesome as I've noticed it's a lot smoother but it's just come with too many bugs to be able to play. I would still highly recommend this game as I know it will be awesome once it's finished or maybe even awesome after the next update. I still have a love for this game even though sometimes it is difficult to get the motivation to play it.Fix the bugs soon! And you shall be allowed to live.Love, Dax xxx"
,Recommended,232810,10259988,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Herger Joyous,Not a god game and you will wearout your mouse with clicking. I do not approve. 1/5
,Recommended,232810,8985357,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Sword Thain,"There needs to be a ""Meh"" button between the Recomend, Yes or No buttons.There is some good potential to this game, but its current state, which has not been updated in a while, is rather sparse.I can't give this a No becuase I've spent quite a while in the game clicking around. I'll still lose a few hours every once in a while popping bubbles.As of today, Feb 5, 2014, I would suggest holding off if you're expecting Populous levels of awesomeness. Or pick it up when its on sale for $5.As of now, it is worth $5. Maybe."
,Recommended,232810,10943624,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[GCB] Sloth_Lorde,This game is great.Its like you being a god and you control your cultists.It may not sound like much but its amazing.
76561198031663095,Recommended,232810,9486484,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,I'm Super Afraid,This game is well made and easy to get cought in. I recommend it to any one who likes city building!
,Recommended,232810,9467111,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Cat,"Look its okay, i do disagree on the mass forming stuff early on and waiting for belief to spawn. BUT, i think its reasonable after a bit of gameplay, needs ways to automaticly gain belief or something through out the game though...."
,Recommended,232810,10717478,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,paradox,"76.3/100Could use a bit of work, really fun for past time play."
76561198126363923,Not Recommended,232810,9699337,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,DestroyerJamie,Nothing has changed apart from the fact this is going to be a tablet game.Resource cards are gained mostly from voyage quests which I will say is worse than the expansion mutiplayer quests you did in previous patches.If anything they should bring that back to make the game slightly better.And complete udder♥♥♥♥♥♥ DON'T BUY THIS. IT WON'T EVEN PLAY.
76561197961874524,Recommended,232810,8673717,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,98Dime,"For the current state of the Beta that it's in, its not too bad. Excessive amount of clicking is needed to perform what should be fairly easy to accomplish actions. Also, the Card collecting is a bit annoying, especially when it is centered around resources. The most important resource/currency which is ""belief"" comes fastest once you have a few ""town centers"", but the cost for each ""town center"" increases with each purchase. Once 3 have been purchase, a new currecny, ""gems"", are required to purchase more. which even if you've unlocked mining, doesnt supply a reasonable amount of gems. In short, once you reach about 1500 followers (maybe less) you sort of hit a brick wall. You also are required to battle (more like see who can click faster) against what I assume is an AI opponent that has been given the appearance of an online multiplayer character... they even went to the lengths of having a chat window with dialogues from several of these AI players.... a bit confusing at first. In short, if you're bored and can spare $10, go ahead and give it a shot. it kept me busy for a day. might keep playing it as they update it."
,Recommended,232810,13933210,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Swefen,"A great throwback to Black & White, in some ways not that far advanced from the game but still unique. Undoubtedly geared to mobile which feels a bit strange playing on desktop, but as I write it's still in development so we'll see... Have put in enough hours despite the frustrations, so must have something going for it! Commentary make for a great addition too, thanks for that!!"
,Recommended,232810,10953657,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Dudley Bose,"Is is definitly nice, seeing a new game being developed, without using ressources as in Age of Empires, or even Black and White, but only developing your new ""god skills"" and exploring the land."
76561198078113076,Recommended,232810,17189872,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,a.love83,highly addictive and cute! Love it! keep updating!!
,Recommended,232810,8245072,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Matt Todd,Is good
,Recommended,232810,8419905,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,kittykat232,very simple....if you like extremely basic god games then you will like this game...
76561198038826201,Recommended,232810,8437176,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,kezziny,"Peaceful, slow game. So soothing!"
,Recommended,232810,9971361,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,☜☆☞War Hero☜☆☞,"Once you progress to a certain point, the game won't even boot up anymore... That sucks because I love this game but now I can't even play it.  It is in beta so i am waiting for a fix patiently....for now...."
,Recommended,232810,11042022,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Dielerorn,Carpal Tunnel Sim 2014
76561198030912556,Recommended,232810,10929844,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ichor,"Early Access Game in development which means there are still a few bugs...  Despite that, it's addictively fun with that 'just a bit more' vibe that the truly great games like Civ have. Once they sort out a few of the mechanics and deal with the feeling that you need to flatten the whole world, this will be a truly awesome game."
76561198073600252,Recommended,232810,11925777,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,ikyfat (DSC),"In my game paly experience this newer revision is fun to play.   I would even go further and say that I would give my personal remondation for Godus.  Much inproved, thank you desingers for all your efforts."
,Recommended,232810,8438883,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,gloomyowns,"I bought this game, and my first session was 9 hours. No I did not leave it running while I AFK'd. I played. for NINE HOURS!It's currently only something like 41% complete, but I love it already. Can't wait to see how much more gets added. Good work guys! Lovin' it!"
76561198080182397,Recommended,232810,8383711,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ma3ttt,"Godus is an absolutly beautiful game thats easy to play and fun.If you're looking for a fun, relaxed, and relaxing game, Godus is all of these. its a laid back game in where you control the world around your fallowers."
76561197967316419,Recommended,232810,8433339,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,NullShield,"Despite the bad reviews, I rather enjoy this game.  It's really simple, you move the land around to make room for houses and watch your world grow.  Keep the tress and rocks or set fire to it all...watch out fire spreads to houes.  It can get out of contol!It's mideless fun, I've always sucked at SimCity.  Here I really feel..well like a GOD.  Looking out over my people as I take them from nothing to a civilization.Honestly  just try it out, I think you'll like it!"
,Recommended,232810,9445061,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,(UGLY) PRI3ST,"The new updates are great. But I do have some bugs I have to mention: 1. When I tried to tinker with the quality switch the map started to bug out. 2. Some pop up messages from the tutorial did not dissapear and and persisted throughout my gameplay. 3. Not really a bug but more of a lack of info, I thought most everything in the beginning was explained but the just some small things like being more efficient with the people and what exactly do some of things they say mean. In the end I was able to work out what to do with most of the tools but it did take me a while.I think a beginning allotment of belief would not hurt either."
76561198073045095,Recommended,232810,14808193,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Kiwimonster,"I've put hundreds of hours into this game and while there are many issues from having to restart the game due to huge patches or crash bug, losing hours counted in steam, and many many other issues. These are all things that you would expect out of an unfinished game. There are many complaints about the developer taking too long and not doing what he originally said, but I still have been satisfied with the fame overall, and obviously have been entertained enough to restart it countless times and put a ton of time into playing it. I will admit that I am not happy about them trying to make a mobile version before they even finished the full PC version though. There are some admin issues with the development process, but the game itself isn't bad. I am getting worried it will never be finished as I've had it for about two years, and besides some nice fixes that made the game smoother, it hasn't really gone anywhere and whenever it started too (eg. Multiplayer), they got rid of it! It has been frustrating, but I still have hope."
,Recommended,232810,8413140,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Communist Sasquatch,Just got this game and it is really fun and relaxing! 10/10 would play again.
76561198053368778,Recommended,232810,8675271,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Skyrim,"I think this game has a lot of potential. A bit confusing at first but clever. I have to say it made me smile. If i had to discribe this game, its like black and white, the sims, and populas all rolled up into one. the creative tools ar unique. so far i'm having fun working twards reaching the bronze age, apently you go so far as to reach and conqor outerspace witch blows my mine cus i'm still digging in the dirt so to speak.   7 out of 10 IMO."
,Recommended,232810,17740446,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Microsoft Word,A fun God-game where you can help or hurt your followers.
,Recommended,232810,7891809,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Purple Pilgrim,"Godus is simple, addicting and beautiful. I played it for 90 minutes the first time without even realizing it. Best couple of bucks I've spent on a game in a while."
76561198044781923,Recommended,232810,7818455,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Solaire,This game is amazing and I highly reccomend getting it. Very addictive once you start its hard to stop. Good job :D
76561198048343720,Recommended,232810,7883150,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Sir Badger,"Great, Fun, Beautiful and great for stealing your innocent time"
,Recommended,232810,7893687,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Nova Prospekt,"simple, smooth and incredibly addictive."
76561198038968845,Recommended,232810,7917209,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,NicePotato,"Took my time in deciding whether to recommend it or not. It's far from done and it's not that great mechanically yet, but there are a lot of positive things that come to mind. First of - the developers are interested in making a good game for the players, things like not making the gems a pay-to-play thing and altering the gameplay somewhat after player feedback.That said, they won't budge on the click-click-click issue. There is a lot of click-click-click. The whole game is basically controlled by clicking the mouse.The intriguing feature of shaping the land is there, but it's pretty unpolished for now and doesn't allow a lot of flexibility. A bit like comparing Paint to Photoshop. You can still do all the same pixels in Paint as in Photoshop, but making gradients is just a damn lot easier in Photoshop."
76561198007796389,Recommended,232810,8762107,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Anolis,"It might be fum if it was better documented and Some hints were provided.  Needs a loot of fine tuning,"
76561197999202375,Recommended,232810,7879944,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Heron,"It's a very nice experience to enjoy on a sunday afternoon.If you try to play this game efficiently you won't have a good time. Instead try treating this game as a casual experience to play with a cup of tea. Take your time to enjoy sculpting the land, creating villages and making your villagers happy. This game isn't about winning, it's about being creative and just having some fun, and i like it a lot."
76561198033629803,Recommended,232810,7893966,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,SiloHill,"I guess given that its still beta its hard to really rate this game properly. It certainly has potential, but they really need to sort out the clckfest that it is. Still wat too much mouse clicking. I am waiting to see how it really turns out. For now i might hold off any further playing until a few updates. I recommend the concept but would probably advise waiting for a more finished product."
76561198057307795,Recommended,232810,8763143,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,phillipsjy69,this game will test ur Patience at times and the mount of gods is a little scary some people even thought they was playing against actually people but at this moment since its only 40% of the game i would rate it at a 6 out of 10..only time will tell
,Recommended,232810,7871162,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,XionVonko,"It's pretty fun.  So far I've just expanded out land so the people can build but I haven't gotten far yet.  I like God games though so based on the pictures, the capabilities look very cool."
76561198035859541,Recommended,232810,7879394,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Dr. King,I love this game but you should be able to dig down build up and to upgrade old buildings with out having to demo them with the terrain.
,Recommended,232810,7881707,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,log1 (Rodolfo),"Nice concept , still needs development but its on the right path, deff a nice buy"
,Recommended,232810,7884251,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Aquila_V,"Game doesnt seem to be ""alpha-y"" at all, great mechanics, great graphics, great gameplay. I was pleasantly surprised."
,Recommended,232810,7885560,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,adversegecko,"For a game thats still in development, this could be alot worse. It is abit rough around the edges but its enjoyable and well worth giving it a try.my major annoyances, the controls.i love the simplicity and the fact that this game just hooks you in!"
,Recommended,232810,7900705,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Otibecca,This is an oddly decent game. Addictive.
76561198108161870,Recommended,232810,7906479,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,short72,I really love this game. I find it a good way to relax after class. You don't have to put much thought into it and you can play it for hours.
,Recommended,232810,7922800,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Babbi,Its pretty good but it doesn't get update'd regularly
76561198060492527,Recommended,232810,9603131,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,newniue,"Ok. Before I begin my rant, good game. I bought Godus in its really early stages (before a single player review was released), liked it, but got bored after a while. Every so often I would revisit and check it out again.So I heard Godus v2.0 was out. Sweet! I try it and I like it. A lot. It was better than the old version by far - except for the bugs. The tons and tons of bugs. Some black squares appear after a while and flash around - driving me crazy. But when I restart the game they go away. No biggie. After some progress I finally discover voyaging. I try it once, but then I have to go. I come back two days later, the game loads, opens up, and the crashes. Straight away. No warning, nothing. I've tried tons of times to fix it - but nothing works.Seriously guys! Why would you release a super buggy game?! I would have been more than happy to wait that extra however-long-it-takes so that you can have a good v2.0! Not cool.Anyways, good game, very buggy - and now I can't play it anymore."
,Recommended,232810,7895370,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,pudgynose,great game but after the first couple of hours it just comes to a stop. its to early on in development
,Recommended,232810,8790042,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,l3roken,"I have already put 10 hours into this and every update promises more.  This game is quite capable of consuming a disgusting amount of time if you let it.  It has charm oozing from every pixel, just make sure you are ready to click....a lot."
76561198040610872,Recommended,232810,7881947,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,The Matted Gamer,"Very interesting game, picked it up today and i really lookied forward to it, it is a great casual game which you will have to fend for yourself in as there is no turoial on how to do anything but it would be nice to have a option to have one all you actuallly get is a few pictures and words for you to follow and learn from these make the game feel a little unfinished but it is a early acess game so let it slide.The gameplay is very fun and engaging i found myself gone for three hours with no regrets at all very fun, allthough there is a strange 'multiplayer' part in the game with i both love and hate i like the chat and the back stroy to the people even thouh its very breif but i hate that it really has no big impact on your main town.Looking forward to new installments and updates7/10 Interesting pick it up now good game for the current sale price!TheMattedGamer"
,Recommended,232810,7924621,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,военная цмка,"This game is higly underrated because of it's dull start.when you get into it, it gets interesting, towns, settlements and many more!the game is still in beta and there is more to work on!i expect great things."
,Recommended,232810,9440669,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Peaches,"Clicking tell your arm explodes and then some more clicking. not a rewarding game, not any fun after 2 hrs."
,Recommended,232810,9766348,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,actthepart,"Hi guys, I love the game so far but as I am sure you are all aware from the extensive list of comments/complaints. Some problems with my game play are with small bugs here and there. None of the chests in my game show confetti around them so it is impossible to find chests unless i flatten the entire world. i had a shrine that i accidently removed ground from under it and it sunk into the water and so my people could not rebuild it at all. For some reason, plots will not show up at all on the high layers of the map from the 4th layer of grass and all the way up. WHen I use finger of God on buildings, red squares pop up on all of the buildings i built and they just clutter the screen. Lastly, i found this type of blue stone material under a mountain and its either a blue stone like diamond or it is silver/steel, but I have no way of mining it.Now, some things i would love to see in an update would be cards requiring less stickers, when people die in the voyages it would be neat to see you lose those followers in your home world follower count. More and more songs played by collecting belief (it would be awesome to hear the harry potter theme song when collecting belief). It would be cool to actually be able to see a difference when hiring more buffers in settlements. It would be cool to see followers that work in the farm get bigger/muscular looking, miners to look more dark and dirty.That is it for now. I do absolutely enjoy the game even in the half way mark of Beta version 2.04 and I look forward to the game being completed. Once everything is fixed and polished I know that I will be investing a lot of time into this game."
,Recommended,232810,7892147,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Starkykidd,"Surprisingly full of content for an early access game. Looking forward to it's full release. Some things are a bit buggy hear and there, but nothing game breaking. Only some minor nuisances with thigns like dragging terrain. Would like to see settlement areas highlighted before being forced to place them and find out afterwards. Great game."
76561198053159178,Recommended,232810,14598992,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,wildsisop,"clicking whatever to collect whatever is the most stupid idea I saw in any game. I'm speaking about collecting belief.usually they do it only on mobile games, but here, in PC game? that's not normal.i hate just to sit and click click click to collect."
,Recommended,232810,11952483,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Guanjyn,"It's a really simple easy game, but I find it relaxing. If it goes on sale cheap enough, I'd recommend it."
76561198065405327,Recommended,232810,13041276,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,onebigpizza,This is a really interesting and fun game. There is a glitch that needs to be sorted: The astari village can be burnt to the ground at the beginning by setting fire to the trees around it. This means the game can be won without going through all the stages of the game..
,Recommended,232810,12091427,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Robert'); DROP TABLE Players;,"Very laid back casual, game like populous and black & white.  It's a casual game, so I didn't expect it to be thatn challenging.  It has a very pleasant style.  I really like playing it with the developer commentary in the background.  All around fun game to play on a Saturday morning."
76561198160559637,Recommended,232810,13097444,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,MissMagoo31,"I know there has been mixed reviews for this game, but I really like it. It doesn't require my undivided attention and takes time to build up. Since I do schooling online being able to walk away and having hours worth something in the game makes it perfect for me. The time manipulation is awesome if you don't have the patience to wait. Overall a well-made game."
,Recommended,232810,13226435,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,NeptunePirate,"Nice relaxing game, the art style is fantastic."
76561198023405183,Recommended,232810,15439228,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,*[SCM]* Sex CraAzY Mountain Man!,"I know most of the reviews are indeed bad, however I myself have rather enjoyed this game. Editing the landscape and feeling it bubble into place feels rather gratifying. Followers can be very frustrating at times, unable to meme around at the right memes. 8/10 DUE TO SOME BAD MEMES"
76561198101876712,Recommended,232810,15441127,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,theranger11648,its very good
76561198055401512,Recommended,232810,15273875,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Miroz,"Hi everyone I just want to say that this game is AWESOME !! Sure it's a little clunky but since the latest update it finally makes a little more sense with the new story line to the God character.All I can say is give this game a chance it's fun, relaxing and !!! you get blow things up with a Meteor !!I would recommend this game buy it play for while then leave it and come back it'll be worth it !!"
76561198189862567,Recommended,232810,15252523,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,jeff_vos_1993,I played this game and everytime I want to sail I get a s3e simulater debug and my game has shut his self down.
76561198081737711,Recommended,232810,15270321,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,CaptainChaosMN,this game is great! came a long way from its beginning. I love to play it in my freetime
76561197970686284,Recommended,232810,15410565,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Grobörie,"All video games give you a feeling of productivity, pseudo productivity for people who want to sink/get lost in digital universes.Godus can be sluggish production of progress.I played ~30hrs and I'm still in the beginning of world 2.The reason is, I am doing things not necessary for winning the level.It is fun to see those little people finding their way on your newly sculpted terrain,helping them when they are stuck.Building houses and grouping them as settlements for either builder (built the most), farmers and minersis not challenging but somehow satisfying.A bit like zipping a lot of files in 7-Zip, making useful space.The cards for unlocking new stuff are a bit confusing with these different types of stickers,but it still feels natural to use after a while.Searching for chests across the island is really fun!Primitive hide&seek, but old mechanics prove to be effective also when we already have seen it all etc. .The visual style is good to look at even though I am not the ""mobile"" kinda guy.It's a well balanced stylization with well made low-poly models  and animations in pleasant colors and proportions.The controls are quite demanding of your nerves, very imprecise, some clicks will make you shout ""no, I didn't want to click that!"".And, which is widely known, balancing needs tweaking.When (not if) you want gems to speed up unnecessarily slow processes, then: sacrifice these little folks!Sacrificing is certainly a ""core mechanic"".If you are in the mood for a mobile-ish god game, which its parents were Black&White 2 and Cookie Clicker(with Eufloria and Minecraft somewhere in the family tree),you can lower your expectations (where is my B&W3??),can live with game-development-reality with its difficulties and uncertainties,then you certainly can dive into Godus!When you play it, you can forget most negativity in your daily life.You have a lot to do and it is a friendly environment.But one thing is nagging me:I think people with tendency of developing addiction are prone to over-play this game.Like Cookie Clicker you need to invest a lot of time into it to see progress.The game almost shouts: ""Play me! Build your village! Get gems, yes GEMS!! Belief! Yes, get rich in belief!Collect all this and be PRODUCTIVE!!"".If I'd be a developer, would I want to make people invest a lot of their lifetime?There will always be people with the urge to fill the holes in their soul.Do I want to exploit this?Fun, but then again, work.These days many games make you work for in-game success and exploration.Godus is at its current state one of them.Mhh..."
76561198079266959,Recommended,232810,26091743,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Zabowski,Funny god-game where you can evolve your civilisation!
,Recommended,232810,8150992,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Freeb,"From what i've played so far, It's shaping up to be a really good game, I would love to have some sort of competetive mode or co-op where I can play with my freinds. I think what the game needs if it is to keep players is to have some sort of online progression system, I know most people hate that stuff, but It's the only way I can see to keep an active community, maybe something as little as a Ranked ELO."
,Not Recommended,232810,21192860,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Traslogan,Obligatory negative review.To take the time to explain why would be to give this game more time than it's worth.
,Recommended,232810,25552090,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Tigah,"I wasn't disappointed at the kickstarter, and coming back to the game now after, what 2 or 3 years? It was worth it as hell, basically like playing 2 different games, albeit short, but for crying out loud, its 20 euros (if you pay dollars youre lucky) about the cost of 2 or 3 cinema movies, but with time spent much higher, as a casual chill game which is pretty cool and very different from anything else."
,Recommended,232810,31213932,Posted: 18 April,all,SunnyIsAwesommmmmeee,"I like this game. I play it in batches, like I play sims. I will play it for hours for a few weeks and then not play it for a year. This game is my favorite game.That being said, I am dissappointed. They have given up on it. They officially have said that no one is left working on it. I don't understand why they would just stop updating it when it is still marked as in development.I just want Godus to continue to be designed."
,Recommended,232810,1340195,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,BlueSteelAUS,"This game is going to be HUGE... and great, Do you remember Populous??? same designer/writer. a planet bigger than minecraft, multiplayers each with their own believers , working their way through the ages like in Civilication, multiplayer battles, new skills the more you do, some of them hidden in the world , others by battling others , others just by sculpting your lands. .. I'm telling you its going to be absolutly AWSOME, (AWFUL: true meanung .. is full of AWE , not to be confused with AWFULL see definations herehttp://english.stackexchange.com/questions/6802/awesome-vs-awful"
,Recommended,232810,8377966,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Sir Johnny Von Dickledick VII,If you love games where you can control civilizations then this is a definite game to get! 6/10
,Recommended,232810,15135956,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Abarra,"I enjoy strategy, puzzle, management, type games.Godus gives me what I enjoy.Even unfinished I get hours of playtime.I certainly hope this is an early access game that does release."
76561198030110978,Recommended,232810,16244879,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Maxime,"A great game that is both beautiful, funny and just awesome."
,Recommended,232810,16719309,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Autitistic,Very fun and exciting at first but its boring once you play for a while.
76561198098646568,Recommended,232810,16149173,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,{MGoCG}Pandafunkey809,I used to be able to play god and make towering settlements that couldn't fit the screen.... now I can't hardly do any of that for most of the game..... I don't like that but I can tolerate it. Is a fun game of just being fun.
,Recommended,232810,15101694,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Colonel Popcorn | Skinhub.com,It is a good game in General i liked it
,Recommended,232810,13837043,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,neddread,"Ok first off : Buyer beware.This review and thumbs up comes after updates that have made the game playable. There are many (quite rightly) negative reviews about this games early start which was tragic and rubbish. But since Beta 2.4 it has long term playability.But it is still not finished and I think is still over priced for whats on offer at the writing of this review 4/1/15.Still, all that said I have recently had some good hours of gameplay in this Populous style create a landscape and watch minions deal with it game. The landscape is in a layercake type pile that can be raised and lowered to provide room for new buildings, farmland, mines. Godpowers we remember like swamp and finger of god and meteor that can bring death to your enemies of freinds alike.So in summary, looking much more like Populous now, but still a way to go. If it's on sale and your a fan, worth a punt.6/10"
,Recommended,232810,16132796,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Louis,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.After getting the game on early access shortly after coming to steam,I rather enjoyed it. After A FEW updates over the course of 2 years thegame got progressively worse. The point I am at now is, I have this game installed on 2 computersand doesn't even work. This game is LITERALLY UNPLAYABLE.I start the game and get an infinite loading screen until I CTRL+ALT+DEL."
76561198005069630,Recommended,232810,8484478,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,timd13,"Godus is a relaxing game for those who like to clearcut land and allow its zealots....i mean followers......to build a society that worships the player. The art for the game has a colorful, cell shade quality that is playful to the eyes. The controls are simplistic and easy to grasp, basically just a simple point and click. This game is good for about an hour or two for relaxation. I come back to it off and on and it always makes me smile. It just doesn't have that marathon gaming quality though, which is fine. If you enjoyed the game Black and White then this game is for you."
,Recommended,232810,8497133,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Hollowlife6,Pretty awesome for an early access game! Can't wait to see the finished product.
,Recommended,232810,8522640,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,THEmistards,jrigr4hi
,Recommended,232810,8752774,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,8BitPandaz,"Really fun game, Interesting concept.Multiplayer would be nice however there is a comptitive mode with an AI with different objective goals so maybe a multiplayer is intended for the future."
,Recommended,232810,8756793,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Hawsy,"This game is still heavily in development, and it's still amazing. The system is fairly simple to learn, you can customize your world  to your personal standards, and the game has a long chain of objectives so you're always working on something.Recommendation: Get it now before it goes full release. Godus could very well be a very popular game in the near future."
76561198040813484,Recommended,232810,9393712,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Drunken Fox Gaming,I took godus for what it was a simple easy game to pick up and set down whenever I want to.  It does get a little repetative but I can see how when the full version of this game comes out that it would be a great casual game to play.  Even in its early and incomplete state I admitt to finding myself plugging away at trying to get to that next section to see what new surprises awaited me in technology so going by that I'd say godus is succeding. All in all I would recomend this game to casual players when its closer to being finished.
,Recommended,232810,8774420,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,obso1337,Way too glitchy to play currently. Waiting a few weeks for some updates.
,Recommended,232810,8909781,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,bakaneco,"Not a bad game, needs work, time will tell if it becomes what it could become."
,Recommended,232810,8372142,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Geist,"lel. when I played I was so lost, didnt know what to do.."
76561197986694586,Recommended,232810,10512022,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,derrison,"veritably, derrison and keelr is trainable to very much"
76561198044262347,Recommended,232810,9611859,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,LadyD,Good game but too much clicking.
76561198067882516,Recommended,232810,8799114,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Comments123,"This game is plagued by bugs and mechanics that make the game much more grindy than necessary. I still would reccomend it because of just how many interesting and new mechanics there are and how much potential this game has. If your willing to take the risk and assume that the developers will fix the mistakes that they have already made, you should definitley pick this game up."
,Recommended,232810,8809110,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,byelmao,"Godus is a really well-made game. Everything is thought through very well. Its still in it's developing stage, which means that there are some problems and glitches to be aware of. However, none of these are really bad - they are easy to put up with. Godus is easy to play, but at some points quite confusing, as some things aren't really explained to the player. But once you understand the big picture, Godus is a great game, easy to play - but still challenging. It doesn't have a lot of action, so if you don't like action games, this is the perfect game for you."
,Recommended,232810,8884599,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Hamelin,"This game is really relaxing and fun, I wish they'd update it, it's a good game to do idly while you do other stuff too."
76561198027376174,Recommended,232810,8653066,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Flying Elephant,"Im going to try to be as fair as possible, cose this game is still in beta after all:The good: you get to be a god and sculpt the land, and watching your followers grow and prosper underyour hand is VERY statisfying. THis is osmething i expect from the man who created Populus: The Begining and Black & White, I absolutly love the game and though land scultping can be tiresome, its still fun.The Bad: this is what i dont like, and its mainly that there still are alot of bugs. And your poeple dont really do anything. Honestly they just build and reproduce, and though that might seem like paradise to many, its quite boring for a god. THey dont mine, dont build and industry, but all this might come later, hopefull, or i'll jsut give up.The Ugly: so here is my verdict, fun game, buy it, but be VERY patiant about it all"
,Recommended,232810,8889445,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,m4t,Fun for as long as it lasted. Looking forward to a new beta release to play further.
,Recommended,232810,8657158,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Allan Mankato,"Godus is a fun game that really brings some new creativity to the table. At the point I'm at I feel I've reached almost as far as I can go, but I look forward to future updates for the game. Hopefully they will add randomly generated worlds, and more expansion shrines, but only time will tell. It is definitely worth a play."
76561197970613571,Recommended,232810,8660939,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,FoXxman,Godus still has some way to go - nonetheless it looks quite good. I played it for several hours and it was good entertainment. Whoever likes populous-style games will find a worthy successor to the old series.
,Recommended,232810,8661927,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Demapia,"Great game, and has a good amount for an Early Access Game, but it is still  in beta. Wouldn't say it right away, look into it first, but it is only 41% done"
,Recommended,232810,8667038,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Steven,"eh there no way to start a game over it seems, and theres no random land mass other whys it seems like neat game but I dont know with the ability to start new game and random land masses the game is pretty much set to be mutiplayer only it seems where you build up your civlization in single player but nothing happen in single player but placing houses and stuff. then you join matchs, the maps are not random.  I would presonaly rather had it more like orignal god game pop where you could start a new game and land mass be random."
76561198035742889,Recommended,232810,8664005,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,J. G. Bluntworth,"Pretty freaking fun. Overall the game is pretty well put together, but there are a few minor issues to be adressed.First off, the controls are rather unintuitive. To cut down a single tree you need to triple click it. And thus cutting down a forest of trees is enough to give someone Carpal Tunnel. Everything is mouse based, and requires an overabundance of clicking. Secondly, the camera controls are mediocre. the camera movement is pretty smooth, however there is no rotation lock. As soon as you move the camera again with the WASD keys, it snaps the camera back into its original orientation. this makes it a huge pain to clear mountains among other things, and needs to be fixed.But enough of ranting about problems, here's the actual nitty gritty of the game. You have absolute power over the world and its population. This game definitely does not hold your hand. after you get your first village going, then it begins to actually explain certain aspects of itself to the player. after a few hours of playing, youll have a full fledged civilization in the making. with each expansion you'll encounter new obstacles. Creating land bridges, flattening mountains, digging canyons, all of which just to push your civilization to a new location. To advance your followers beliefs and technology, you need to gain resource cards. these can be found in chests, or in a battle. These battles pin you up against ""other players"" (maybe in the full release, for now it is very obviously an NPC) where you settle lands and gather resources and followers to achieve a certain goal. So far the only challenge i have had is to gather more followers than the opposing god. once you have created a following, you can have a little fun and plague them with tidal waves, lightning strikes, or if you feel like going all in you can just force armageddon, and everyone flat out kills each other.Lots of fun to be had with this game."
,Recommended,232810,8677911,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Cheese Weasel,Buy it on sale then don't play it until it's finished.
,Recommended,232810,8656503,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,DiablaSeraphine,"Surprisingly addictive.  It is rather like a farmville type game...if farmville had had any actual gameplay.  The graphics get a bit wonky when you scroll in and out, I think the math used for the camera and view needs to be tweaked a bit to keep everything scaled properly.  But it isn't that big of a deal, and doesn't really affect gameplay.  My only real gripe is that when you start clearing out land or collecting the pink bubbles from your followers houses, you end up changing the landscape instead.  Overall though, it seems like a pretty good game.  Worth the $10."
,Recommended,232810,8864040,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,16-Bitter,"Very simple, very fun little game. It's pretty easy to jump into and start playing! Like ""The Sims"" this game offers fun in 10 minute installments or 10 hour installments.This is a ""God Game."" Take on the role of a diety and help shape a civilization from birth to end, protecting your people, molding them and utilizing them, and their faith in you.Really good stuff, 8/10 in it's current form (It's currently in Beta, as I'm reviewing it.)"
76561198113502405,Recommended,232810,8713103,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,TheSydlexicGod,"Godus is a collection of everything we've ever wanted in a game. It's starts off small, then turns into one of those cool games that get bigger and better the more you play. Whats more, its got a whole pile more coming to us!"
,Recommended,232810,10710308,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,AhoyHoyMilloy,"I love the graphics in this game, it is not an eye sore to stare at the screen for a while. 8/10"
76561198044527787,Recommended,232810,10389472,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,spirituscumulus,"Still in early access at the moment, so far feels like the original Populus"
76561198067321974,Recommended,232810,10858039,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Chandy,Good game just to kill some time with.
,Recommended,232810,11745469,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Deadlykitten,I thought i would update my review since there has been some updates and what not.Godus is a fun little game it bright and pretty and you play the god that your people look up to and your job is simple look after you people and help them grow. I liked the whole idea of the game when i first saw it before all the big updates i can see that the updates have given it more to follow and have to farm and grow to progress and while there is sometime waiting to be had i enjoy the fact that the game is not over in seconds flat no ingame money needed to get gems or other things you just have to work for the stuff you need and while the game might not be for everyone i can honstly say i ejoy it and have spent many hours on the game to pass the time and lost track of the time before i know it all before i wanted to get more land or better homes or something silly like that.I can see that a lot of work has gone into the game and that rather then a dark hard looking game you have a bright and happy looking game i'm glad i got the game and for me it was worth the money and the time. The only faults i would say i have is sometimes the game crashes and i have to reload and it can be hard getting gems and stickers if you dont want to kill you people for them (which i dont) but other wise a solid fun game that is nice to pass the time.
76561198067403482,Not Recommended,232810,23903047,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,jakanddaxter1999,and DEAD♥♥♥♥ 22 cans these devs can suck big♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,232810,11747638,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Steve,"The new update is really cool. I like how the gem system works now and the voyage stuff is pretty fun until you get stuck. My only real complaint is that moving forward from the promised land you have to do more and more sculpting, which A) requires a lot of waiting for faith after you exhaust rocks and get stuck on all of the voyages, and B) is often times tedious and sometimes downright infuriating because of just how unreponsive the sculpting tool can be. Also, I had really been hoping storms would be gone in this update, but apparently not, although they require less tedious work when they're done. All in all still a really fun game for a while, but when it gets bad it gets bad quick, and leaves you wanting more of the rapid expansion feel from the early game."
,Recommended,232810,8449295,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,gigextreme,Its an ok game. It need some npc's in the game like other vilages that you can interact with when not in mulitplayer or that fake multiplayer
76561198002515351,Recommended,232810,10569623,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,gravecow,"Pretty fun, still needs a lot of work though."
,Recommended,232810,8672678,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,mail929,EXTREMELY unrealalistic
,Recommended,232810,8694084,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Devon66h,Very fun game
,Recommended,232810,8713697,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Shootter87,"Great game, gets tricky when you get near 3000+ pop and even trickier once mother nature starts taking it's toll. Looking forward to advanced civilization once released."
76561198023584203,Recommended,232810,8689840,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Kingkongmfg,"An interesting game, real easy to relax to.  It lends itself to becoming as fast paced as you want to play."
,Recommended,232810,8695425,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,!豚クマ 「Pigbear」,"While others may find this game to be boring due to its nature of clicking, I am certain that since it is only 41% done it won't be like that in the end. It also is fun to do terrain sculpting and make cliffs or giant plateus for your people to live on. Can be fun if you have the creativity to make it fun, A thing some people seem to lack."
76561198068474028,Recommended,232810,8686315,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Basileus,"great game. Gets repatative, but is still very fun"
76561198005395373,Recommended,232810,8698386,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,louie2cool,"Wow just wow. Words can't discribed how much this game rocks. I'm a gamer coming from warframe and other FPS games. This game got my attention so much I ended up playing for 18 hours in 3 days, that might not sound like alot to you but to me it is. I got this game on sale for 10 bucks on 1/9/2014. Please understand this is still in beta. I love beta games it's a way for players like us to improve and changes the aspects of the developers minds. I hope my review inspires someone out there like me to see this and get intrigued, because I sure did........."
76561198059400303,Recommended,232810,8517036,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Chickenfish,"Picked it up in the 2013-14 winter sale, and I definately got my money's worth of it. I played it at every stage of developement, through every change. There were things I liked and things I disliked but altogether I enjoyed playing it. It is fun and unique even in early access. Honestly the developers were probably too ambitious, because they could have left out of a lot of the planned content and this game would have still been great. Frankly I don't care how long it takes to finish developing the game, because it is completely playable and enjoyable in it's current state. There are so many games out there that cost more than this game that are complete crap. Do I see this being a game that you might spend thousands of hours playing? No. But considering the price (if you pick it up on sale), and how enjoyable and fresh it is, it is worth the cost. Would I like to see it finished and improved? Of course! Improving on a game that is already great would make it just that much more enjoyable. I do not regret this purchase whatsoever.The developers do not deserve the bad press they are receiving. They aren't taking anyone's money and running, they simply underestimated how long it would take to produce the game, and how much it would cost. If you want to enjoy Godus in its finished state, you will never get there by hating on the devs. That won't encourage them to appease you. If the devs do not receive further support, the game development will not be continued, it's simple.Nobody should feel ripped off. They delivered enough content even in early access to be worth the cost."
76561198057582999,Recommended,232810,8267938,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Dremion,"Definetly a very good game, the beginning stage sucks and it takes a few hours for it to pick up. So far in the 3 days I have had it I have played over 21 hours."
,Recommended,232810,15983531,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,organ-donor,"I have thoroughly enjoyed my time so far with Godus. It is a perfect blend between real time strategy, casual gaming and achievement hunting. There is a great sense of satisfaction as you unluok powers and understand the world.One of the most enjoyable things for me has been the developers commentary, it has added another dimension to the game, you get a real sense of how they came to the conclusions of the gameplay mechanics, what they tried and tested and what is planned for the final version."
11011001000100101,Recommended,232810,18755291,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,ȼƹƮɨȼ ɲǿƮɦɨɲǥ,I'm delighted with the care with which it was done.Every step in this game is exciting!Amazing great game!
,Recommended,232810,16002858,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,phrodon,I love the feel of the game and its a very young game do it will expand massivly
76561197975265624,Recommended,232810,16025145,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Vhoxz,it's a nice but quirky little game. There are a lot of negative reviews due to butthurt people. Yes there are some issues with the game and there is a chance of the game never being completed but hey that's the risk you take when buying an early access game.i would give it 5.5/10 and since thats more then 50% i'll give a thumbs up
76561198067150338,Recommended,232810,9483945,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Feathers,i cant hear any thing
76561198185742579,Recommended,232810,22065494,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Stylish Agent I S.A [Be],"Such a lovely game you can play as god, build houses and also powerups like a the finger of god !then you start verry small and later you will get tons of belief: is ingame money i could say :pits really fun u play it and u say ow man this is boring ITS NOT BORING also stop the hate making a game is verry hard so give  these some respect plsi would say buy this game to make the creators happy and so not your a pesky person !"
,Recommended,232810,16160609,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,G3000,"I've been pleased with the game thus far.. it's an early access game, so it keeps changing as they post new updates.. I suppose that's why other reviews have been negative, but .. that's what an early access game is, right?  You get to play and help in the development process, it's not a 'demo' to a polished and final game.That being said, I find myself addicted to this game at various times.. I tend to get to the end of where I can go in the game, either by a bug or by lack of content, and I'll uninstall and try it again in 3 months.. and then I find that the whole thing has changed, and I get to learn how to play it again.  I like it.I'm looking forward to seeing what the end result will be.  Until then, I'll keep playing it.  :-)"
,Not Recommended,232810,15083024,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Skrat,"The Quick ReviewNot an awful lot one can say about this game. It's a game from a mobile game concept, and it probably should have stayed that way. I am grateful though, that they removed the whole concept of paying real money to speed up construction. You know the idea, buy ten gems for five bucks and use two gems to instantly finish building. The system is there, but you can actually obtain the ""gems"" in game. So big props for that.My main complaint about this game:It feels like a mobile game. Short, simple, nothing really going for it. Not worth paying more than a dollar for.The ReportKeep in mind, this game is in “Early Access” (I only grabbed it because it was on sale for super cheap), so some things in this review may be prone to change. That being said, it has been in Early Access for a good bit now, and this really isn’t a complicated game…Taking everything from the Quick Review above, I am really glad these people decided to do away with the pay to win approach. If this were a mobile game, then I would gladly up vote, recommend, thumbs up, or whatever the case may be to signify a positive review. That being said, this is not a mobile game, it's a PC game. Well ... OK, it did come from a mobile game but that's not really the point because it costs more than a mobile game. Plus, I think in the mobile version you do have to use real money to get those gems, but don't quote me on that because I'm not sure and I don't give enough damns to go look.Back to what I was saying, this is a game for the PC, and it could have very easily had more content to it. However, it stayed at the level of simplicity as a mobile game. I probably played for about an hour and felt as though I had seen all there was to see. You just keep expanding your village, building bigger and better things. Problem is, there is really nothing to stop you. No sicknesses, no enemies, natural disasters. Not that I found anyway, but I didn’t play much because it was that boring. Again, that would be fine if it were mobile. I would thoroughly enjoy pulling out my phone and building a village while waiting in the doctor's office or what have you.In the end, there isn't much I can say about this one. One reason being I didn't play much, second reason being there isn't much there to play.If you catch it on sale for a dollar, then go ahead and entertain yourself for an hour or two, maybe more. Otherwise, I wouldn't recommend this game at full price, or anything less than 85% off.Remember:It’s wise not to pay full price for a game in today’s market. Also, NEVER pre-order a game, pay to be a beta tester (like I just did in this Early Access, stupid me), or support DLC. Maybe once upon a time those things were alright, but the video game market is exploiting it now, taking away your hard earned money and giving you nothing in return."
,Recommended,232810,10646584,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MiltoxNoPants,Still has a few glitches but it does have lots of potential.
76561198002513096,Recommended,232810,11815819,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,crisis,"UPDATE:MAJOR IRRITATION:after playing through a bit and getting into the game more i now have  a majo complaint.WHEAT IMBALANCE:why is it that i have to start paying wheat for things that i didnt have to previusly pay whet for, its like as soon as my  followers have wheat farms they wont make abode at all without wheat ect..... and without enough beleif you to make it rain it takes FOREVER to get wheatWHEAT SHOULD ONLY BE USED TO BOOST FOLLOWERS WORK TIME NOT BE DEPENDANT ON WHETHER THEY WILL ACTUALLY BUILDUNTIL THIS IS CHANGED I WILL CONSIDER THIS GAME BROKEN.STICKERS ARE IRRITATING :even with developers commentery stickers are given at random, so twice now ive been given all the wrong stickers, even with the upgrade cards that i was able to lock ive been given  way to many stickers of the wrong veriety that prevent me from unlocking cardsOriginally when I bought godus, it was a little fun for about a week and then my city got so big the game lagged too horribly to play, now days its super great, the new updates are finally making my 10 dollars a worthwhile purchase, theres a proper introduction into the game. and all the features are looking pretty spiffy, only thing i can say is that there needs to be more accurate ai.... and a better or less buggy leashing system.  other than that its getting super good. and kind of addicting..."
,Recommended,232810,11838468,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,DreamInReality,"Much, much better than when it first came out"
,Recommended,232810,8494229,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Cayotik - Gamdom.com,"I don't know why this game has so many negative reviews on steam, i actually like this game, its fun and addictive. I bought it on sale (14,24€) and it was worth it, atleast for me. So i recommend this game if you're looking for a fun, relaxing game."
,Recommended,232810,10565972,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,garrioch,love it so far
,Recommended,232810,8390150,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,LeannLeann,"I am so addicted to this right now. It is so fun! I can't wait until it's finished, because I can't imagine how it could get any better! Definitely worth getting it now :)"
,Recommended,232810,8387436,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,MassonicBoom,"this game is really quite fun, im looking forward to seeing it improve even more!"
,Recommended,232810,8388646,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,irrision,"Fun but a big buggy. Definitely reminds me of the old Populous game I played on Amiga way back in the day and later on PC. I miss those games and this game is on a path to ""feel"" like those games. Once they get out of early access mode and with a final product I think it'll be great fun."
76561198084417543,Recommended,232810,7901245,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,XxUcHihA_HuNtErxX,really good!!!! but needs more updates...... cant wait till full game is realeased
,Recommended,232810,7905584,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,yarbelk,addicitve.  great.
,Recommended,232810,7910467,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,n3$y,Great game!
76561198121938213,Recommended,232810,8803840,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,brausch2,Freezes on my mac all the time
76561197990194789,Recommended,232810,7885941,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,aply403,Its like pew pew but with colors and♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,232810,7921228,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Chase402,buy
,Recommended,232810,8652339,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Basuru,"It's alright. The novelty wears off pretty quickly, and all that you're left with is remorse."
76561198067530745,Recommended,232810,7890889,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Dad vibes,Clicking
,Recommended,232810,7891032,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,01100011 01101011,좋음
76561198040123864,Recommended,232810,7898574,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Elais,"Black and White rip off. Only if Black and White 2 was multiplayer...but fun game none the less, though BW mana system was more fun than this ones."
,Recommended,232810,8495599,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Komesan,"This seems to be a game that is getting a lot of bad feedback, and it was actually a surprise to me. It's not exactly an all godly game like Sims, in the fact of total control of the people. It's a point and click game that deals with cards. Resource cards are needed to unlock bigger cards that push you forward in the game. You have full control of the lay of the land as you direct your people to establish homes. I think it's a lot of fun. It's a mellow game that I can find myself playing for hours, and I see a lot more coming from it. It's a casual game. It's not some intense game, so don't expect that. Enjoy it as it is. I can't wait to see further updates. You can currently battle your friends! :]"
,Recommended,232810,8412479,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,wingdish,"interesting, and could be great!"
76561198013937723,Recommended,232810,8425171,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Moritach,"This very much gets me back into the spirit of Populous, the ancient game that I sank sooo many hours into way back when. Love the feel of the game! Can't wait to see where this one's headed!"
,Recommended,232810,8428781,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,TheD.VaThatCrapsInTheHood,"Godus is a truly unique game, in every sense of the word.The fun starts instantly and after 5 minutes of playing the game you will be trying to grasp how the developers made a RTS-game feel like something else.Initially it starts off quite softcored but will gradually be getting increasingly more tactical and violent as you progress.The game offers a high-quality gaming experience for and doubles it with a whole ladder of minigame-goodies for you and your friends to contend in.Its Creative, Self-explanatory and hides lots of Hidden treasures.9/10 -PTSIW."
76561197997687652,Recommended,232810,8490833,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,aerous,More than Epic!
76561198148582736,Recommended,232810,13824634,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,sl.shouse,"Love the game, wish there were more than the one voyage, and that the Astari, once defeated to population of zero would stop attacking, but even with these issues I am outrageously addicted."
,Recommended,232810,14962591,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Cairyn,"So, to start, this game had a Kickstarter and there was a lot of drama and shizz.But I'm ignoring all that and talking about the game and the gameplay instead.It's a fun, easy to understand little game. I generally don't recommend buying games that are still in Early Access; and in this case, there are plenty of similar games to play while you wait to see if this gets actually finished.If you ARE desperate for a new timesink, Godus has had semi-regular updates, though currently there is a bit of a lul in new content. The occassional content updates are big enough to warrant a few more hours of gameplay, though.Remember, you're not here for the developer, just the product."
76561198015307033,Recommended,232810,14760654,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,calcpinkthemassimatic,RSI!
,Recommended,232810,14567124,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,ASHarwood,"There are a lot of people calling this game a bait and switch.  That the dev has made promises and has abandoned them.  That the game is not worth buying.  I have 70 hours played total and the game is a lot of fun in it's current form.  It can seem a little grindy and some parts are not very well described for you and might seem cryptic.  Overall the game is fun and playable.The dev has mentioned many times that he will finish the game.  He has made mistakes in the past.  Essentially what happened was he made promised that later he realized he couldn't keep so he had to make tough decisions.  Out of all the decisions he has made, the over arching one is that he will not abandon this game.  Yes it has taken longer to develop than expected.  Every great game takes a ton of time to develop.  Yes he asked for a certain amount of money on kickstarter and then needed much more to finish the game.  Given the scope of the game and amount of time that the game is taking to program you can understand why he would need more money.  A game can't make itself.  He needs devs and those devs need to be paid.If you want evidence that the game is still under development, look up the group.  None of the devs have abandoned the game.  They program night and day.  They continue to work and perfect the game.  They put a ton of effort into it and it shows.  It is a great game.  It is fun to play and for the price I have gotten much more out of this game than I can say I have gotten out of any other AAA title as of late.I have played through the two maps that are provided and there is a lot to do and unlock in regard to features.  it is a lot of fun to play and I highly recommend it.  In 3 years the game will be released and these devs will look back and laugh at all the people who said this was abandonware or junk."
,Recommended,232810,15183827,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Dab on them haters,kecske
76561198023366609,Recommended,232810,8239928,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,JonJonBinx,4/5
76561198107361055,Recommended,232810,8412608,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Rain Fire,cant seem to find ten stars
,Recommended,232810,8435875,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ztoundas,"Only 5 hours in, but this is fun!"
,Recommended,232810,8390604,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dr.Phil,This game got me addicted to be God.
76561198015109614,Recommended,232810,8403503,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Starsweet,"so far it is a fun little game, a bit slow in the beginning, but it the developers have been responsive to feedback."
76561198077911999,Recommended,232810,8418135,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,PHENTANIOX,Great game i enjoy it :]
,Recommended,232810,8434076,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,PotatoSquid,i approve
,Recommended,232810,8404526,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,The Atomic Pun,"I can see where some people may have gripes about this game, but I don't think the slew of negative reviews is fitting. The comparison to cookie clicker is fair, but if you enjoyed cookie clicker, you will find similar enjoyment here. It is much more in depth than cookie clicker, and the terrain sculpting is enjoyable as if it were a very simplified version of minecraft sculpting. I'm interested to see where the team can take this project. I don't have grandiose hopes, but I could definitely see how $10 would be worth the enjoyment."
,Recommended,232810,8498690,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,TacoTodd,"Very interesting and super addictive! Puts you in as the role of god as you create a vast empire for your people. Morph the land, guide your villagers, and help them evolve as a civilization throughout the game. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,232810,8406753,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Mr Mailbox,A fun and welcoming game that lets you take full control of the world and how its shaped.
76561198047295781,Recommended,232810,8388981,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Clifford the Big Red Dog,First Look at the game it was slow and boring but agter a while it got a loy motr fun.
76561198042621367,Recommended,232810,8430591,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Mr. Winterbourne,"I see a lot of negative reviews for this game but it is really quite good. I only paid ten dollars for it when it was on sale so maybe that sways my opinion, but I like this game a great deal. It is pretty slow moving and the mount of the gods challenges are really tedious but other than that, I would say it's a pretty good game."
76561198063054242,Recommended,232810,8425877,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Ariataron,Quirky little game with lots of potential. Buy it and show some love!
76561198031032841,Recommended,232810,8428956,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Janderol,Not bad for a beta game.
76561198026665519,Recommended,232810,8501498,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,woofleek,"Definately a work in progress, but a very interesting way of interacting with the game enviroment."
76561198051447459,Recommended,232810,11892543,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Sazza21,"I got this game just after it was released, and when I was playing then it was fun, but was lacking substance. What I mean is, I kept hitting brick wall, after brick wall really early on, and spent a lot of time waiting, this was around when the developers said they were up to 10% of the games potential. I stopped playing for ages, and just started a couple of days ago again, (now up to 51%) and it is SO much better now. There has been a lot of really well thought out updates to prevent waiting around, as well as cleaning up, and adding another race. I am also glad I had to restart so I could learn all the new things. I am still early on, so unsure if this is already in the game, but I would really like to see something like a warrior type person, or someone that could fight the champions on voyages or scare of the party people. Overall though, this game has improved A LOT, and is well worth playing, its enjoyable, and its great to just let things sit while you go out, and come back and see all the progress!AS it is at the moment, I would still rate this an 8/10, it will definitely become a 10/10 game as soon as everything is complete.Keep up the good work guys!P.S. The developer commentary is very helpful as well as very natural sounding."
,Recommended,232810,16105295,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Rainbowdash,"the BEST city building game I have ever played! It was very enjoyable and I loved all the awesome characters. The controls are smooth and easy. The only complaint I have is that the game takes a while to load and shut off. all in all, five stars, 10/10, 100% awesome game. A must buy!"
,Recommended,232810,16979172,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,DuhiggyIII,"This game, I personally like because you're never not doing anything. There is always something you have to check on, whether it's belief points or just to see if someone is coming to attack you (Astari) I would recommend this game to people who like resource placement games and a game with adventure... I would personally like to see in their full game would hopefully be like a Priest that maybe could collect the belief for you..."
,Recommended,232810,8385994,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,TennoHack,A very creative and pretty game! You play as a god who can control the earth around the human race as they evolve. Very fun i recommend it.
,Recommended,232810,8677220,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,cel,"I started playing this game in the first week of early access. It was already great then, and it only got better. In fact it still keeps getting better.Playing the game is extraordinarly soothing. You collect power (belive) from your followers and use it to sculpt the world, advancing your civilization. Each dwelling you collect power from, sounds a small gong (bell?), those vary in their sound forming a melody when collecting in fast succession. As if they sing in harmony...I picked only one small aspect of the game, and there is much more to discover. And yes, there is war, too. ;-)"
76561198012753687,Recommended,232810,17622192,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,berkeson,"Put that ""Curiosity"" and break little blocks ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ aside, this game is pretty solid. You will feel like Columbus as you invade the evergreen lands and the tranquill life of the natives, but as your followers grow you will love destroying the planet... that you've created.9/11 would cut down all the trees and build skyscrapers"
,Recommended,232810,9443293,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Primaris,"The game is much improved with the newest update, but it still has the same problem it always has: it's far too stingy with progression/resources."
76561198053908991,Recommended,232810,8672333,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,evanscence_4,it's fun. still has lots of bugs but this games has room to grow. sadly can't get to the next age due to not enough rescorces but it's still interesting to play.
,Recommended,232810,8668238,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Wilsen,It's very fun. >:)
,Recommended,232810,8669063,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,keepitgooch,"A very Creative Game that you can do whatever you want with it as long as you still follow the story a little bit. This a really great game overall and its worth the money to get. If you get it, and think there needs to be more, just hit the feedback button and you can reccomend things. Hope You get it :)"
76561198076431672,Recommended,232810,8671031,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Beefkickergames,The game is a overall a good game but I ran out of belief and had no trees or any way of getting belief so currently im stuck
76561198058051401,Recommended,232810,17602356,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Tihi *blush*,"This is a good game. the only reason why everyone is giving it a thumbs down is beacuse they can't read ""early access game"". Yes it is not finished. Yes they are still working on it. It is a great game, but not yet done. I love this game a lot, and i don't like that a lot of people hate it beacuse they can't see the game for what it is. A early access game"
76561197970433469,Recommended,232810,8381896,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,HB,This game is great!Ended up playing several hours on my first go.Even runs pretty well on my laptop with just intel HD (not 4000) graphics.
,Recommended,232810,8671700,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Revarx,"This is an amazing game, as soon as I started I loved it. And it's not even half way done. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,232810,8671287,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,DEDLICHEDLI,Love it!
,Recommended,232810,381126,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,drunk.bubbles,RecommendingGood idea of a gameturns out developers didn’t abandon game changing back to recommend this again with the hope of regular updatesedit**
76561198064730466,Recommended,232810,9505841,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Infinimine,It's pretty great!
,Not Recommended,232810,20635740,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,★ OldSchoolGamer Ð,"Avoid This EA Scam. aka Mobile GameWhere do I begin with this ""So Called PC Game"" Godus.We all bought into aPC (EA) Game, back in the day when it first launched. I was reallylooking forward to playing it like a lot of other players, being a Big FAN of Black & White, & Populous.  (We all know of Peters Shaky Reputation) If you don't,Google Him!He loves to Tell us wonderful Stories about Multiplayer (Worlds) where you will be connected to hundreds of others playing Godus, in a real timeEnvironments, Defending your City. Also so many features to bring back the good old days of ""God Games"". But that's about there this Wonderful Story's stopped, and Quickly turns into aEA Nightmare.Peter Molyneux quickly spotted the potential in Mobile Games, Barely do any Work/Updates. Micro-Transactions could Net Bonus $++ Profits on top of the Sales on Steam.Even knowing theMobais a""Free 2 Play""Productof ourDirect Funding. So all the promises flew out the window, as he quickly stoppedFocusingon PC Game, and now geared towardMobile Version.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=604576005The Updates, or ""Lack Of"" have been almost non existent. But yet he maintained it was Still a PC Game! Just will take more time to finish than he had planned... It's been3 Yearsnow & all we have to show for it is aF2P Moba Game, and aBroken/Unfinished Gameon Steam.Why Is It Broken?It's went under so many ""Changes"" to the Game, it's no longer complete. Features stripped away for the Micro-Transactions, and Unlock ""Features"" on the ]Mobile Version. Basically rendering the Base Game it was created of off a Shell of it's former self.You can see this by just playing it in it's current state. It's all Touch Bases Interactions, and even the Unlocks & Gems are all based for the Micro-Transactions. They just don't appear on the PC, or the Jig would be up!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=604587448http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=604587562Now I really believe Peter tricked us all by getting the Steam Community to ""Fund"" this Mobile Game, under the Guise of a PC Game still in EA.But later was forced to actually work on an ""Update"" after public outcry towards him & his past. Which he was not happy about, you could tell in a lot of his Update VLogs, and Behind the Scene BS. (Moba this.. Moba that! $ Signs)Once he got thisMoba launchedhe basically washed his hands of thePC Game, leaving us all in the Dark. And now a NEW Guy is basically ""Cleaning Up"" the Trainwreck left behind by Peter & his last Coder.Buyer BewareIs it playable? Yes, but it is far from ""Working"" they way it was Intended to be.Is it still being Worked on? (""Shrug"" No communication since last Year...) You Could Pray?Would I recommend you Buying it at its current state? NO!Hell No! @ A Price Tag: $19.99, You Can Get It FREEYou can literally get this same game FREE @Google Play : GodusTheir last ""News Update"" on Steam was on September, 11'th 2015. Over 3 1/2 Months now, & still no word on any Actual real Fixes, Updates. Just the usual BS (We are working hard on it) nonsense. Then nothing but Radio Silence, between the lack of Communiation & Activity, it's a wonder how they even kept selling it in the Steam Store? Let alone still as a ""PC (EA) Game"" when it's clearly not a PC Game, but is now more of a ""Wannabe""Moba than an actual PC Game.Store Page: GodusEarly Access GameGet instant access and start playing; get involved with this game as it develops.Note: This Early Access game is not complete and may or may not change further. If you are not excited to play this game in its current state, then you should wait to see if the game progresses further in development. Learn moreThey told so many Lies it's really hard to tell who was More Delusional, Peter or his Team?We all have waited, and had to bear through all the BS they slinging at us.  Wasted our money on a now ""Free 2 Play"" game that we supported, intended to be a PC Game not a Moba.Final Score for Godus: 3.4---------------------------------------------------------------My Rating System:Score: 1.2/10Hit yourself with a Rock, better!Score: 3.4/10Real Life is actually better... Yeah :(Score: 5.6/10Only On Sale! Unless held @ Gunpoint!Score: 7.8/10No ""Brain Damage"" will Occur, (Must Buy:)Score: 9/10Why don't you already Own this Game? PtffFinal ThoughtsIt could have been a great game, if they actually stuck to there design. And did not chase after every opportunity to Milk the Quick Cash Players. Or take ""Short Cuts"" to the development of Godus. But take my Review with a Bucket of Salt, and get your Pastor to do S*** load of Prayers on it as well :("
76561198042068831,Recommended,232810,9251550,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Hamurai,hard
,Recommended,232810,2165305,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Slow ✡,You Can Do Anything
76561198047246992,Recommended,232810,11960228,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Windtalker55,"Ok, I Have to admit, the game is good, at least in the releasetest versions. the releasetest versions make the game better, and the game is not all to misleading. all in all, great game, i was angry when i made this review, and i was not thinking all too well. this was also before i found the releasetest version. i leave you off with saying, this is a pretty enjoyable game, its jsut not fineshed yet. a few suggestions is to one, add paths, two, make it where ou dont have to use beleife to move where you want a plot to be, and where you can move plots, and change size of them as well, so you can have the plots more organized, three, paths, four, make paths have a use such as followers try to stay on them and stuff, that would help alot of farmers getting stuck on there way back to the village, five, paths, six, more decorations. i think my people are jelous of the astariawatchamabobs decorations"
,Recommended,232810,12020929,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,_dtmx_,"A wonderful simulation style game where you really enforce your god process. Slow at first but this allows a relaxing expirience. you are god after all, no need for hustle and bustle"
,Recommended,232810,12185701,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,vACLav,awesome game its a bit play and leave and then come back and play some more but still awesome.
76561198049075162,Recommended,232810,11947552,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,gizago97,"Cool game with pleasing graphics and enjoyable gameplay. Character animations are awesome and sound quality is spot on.As a game, this is more of a farmville sort. I.e. you have to quit and then come back later for any progress to be achieved. I would like to see a freebuild mode or skirmish type game mode added to allow players to play for more than 20 minutes at a time. Overall great game but could become boring for some players."
,Recommended,232810,12017662,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,RASPaul,I play this game since about 5 weeks. Before I played it on iOS (iPhone and iPad).But since I saw it on Steam before two weeks I only play it on PC now.Great game! :)Looking forward to the future development of Godus.Thanks a lot to the Software EngineersGreetings outta Mannheim / GermanyPaul
76561197965486663,Recommended,232810,13185887,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,GalenGris,"Love how the game have progressed from when i first tried it, 65hours of gameplay lost with a Smile :D"
76561197995231348,Recommended,232810,13240872,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,madcar86,Great potential. Still needs some fine tuning. I see a lot of potentail for this game.
,Recommended,232810,13289072,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Chainsaw Smith,Dont read any reviews that are pre update. The game has been a complete turn around. They cut all the cd's to a reasonable time so now you can actually expand and continue playing the game in one sitdown compared to pre update where it would take multiple days just to get nowhere. Its a new game now.
76561198152701277,Recommended,232810,11973017,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,jonathan.d.kesler,"started playing this on my iphone, then found it on the stem market, saw that they fixed alot of things that i found wrong on the mobile version. Just wish that I could have 2-3 different ""gods"" going so that I can play it a couple different ways."
,Recommended,232810,12030836,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,ShadowSlayerZeta,by far the best macro simulation ive ever played
76561198104353349,Recommended,232810,11941679,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,panzersword,I am really enjoying the changes and updates being made. I was a huge fan of Black and White and with things like the sacrificing for belief it reminds me of it. Great job so far and cannot wait to see where this goes from here.
,Recommended,232810,11997349,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Swagtastic,Bow! lesser beings BOW!
76561198081301306,Recommended,232810,12016162,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,JackallGrimm,"Very fun God-Game, it may not be finished yet but ive enjoyed playing it as new features are added. The other little race in the world with you can be annoying but thats what meteors are for."
76561198073923646,Recommended,232810,13189776,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,FuriousGills,"OK, there are a lot of negative comments on this game, so I'm going to break the wave with a positive review. First, I'll admit I waited until it was on sale before buying it because I wasn't confident enough to pay the full price. Now, let's clear this up. I loved Black & White 1 and 2 (as well as Fable). Now, yes, this is a god game from Peter Molyneux. No it is not Black & White 3. So, don't buy this game expecting to get Black & White 3. After all, if it were, they would have called it that, not Godus. So what is Godus, then? In Godus, you sculpt the land to help your followers expand from their humble beginnings. This requires belief, something we saw in the Black & White series, although not working in this way.  The more followers you have and the more developed they are, the more belief you generate. You unlock other powers through unlocking cards with stickers, which are obtained in various ways. I'm not so sure about this feature, but it's not too bad. Although I can see what people mean when they say the game is too much like a smart phone game. This game, in fact, reminds me of the old DOS Populous game (if you haven't played it, look it up), where you had to raise or lower the land to make flat terrain for houses. This is similar to how Godus works, although in Godus it is more complex. The terrain has layers and you can drag the layers to change their shape or get rid of them completely. Another thing I've noticed is that the game seems a little unclear on how you're meant to expand. I understand the basic game mechanic of expansion, but it seems sometimes you can't build a house on a certain area where it looks like you should be able to, there are certain times when you can't create a builder (I think maybe when there are no construction sites), and I'm not a big fan of the setup which appears to mean that constructing a house consumes the builder. This didn't happen in the Black & White games, or any other strategy game I've played so it seems a little odd to me. Another thing is an issue with time, like with Black and White, you have to have patience to play this game. So, do I recommend this game? Well, certainly if you have money and it's on sale, it's definitely worth a go. The game is still in beta, and as a player of Kerbal Space Program, a game, currently in alpha, which you may or may not have heard of, I know how much games can improve with updates. I think Godus has potential to be a great game, if the developers lead it in the right direction. Things I would hope for, whether or not they'll happen, are: decreased time consumption, maybe the option to create more builders that won't just disappear after building something, and, although I don't think it will happen, I'd like something to replace the sticker system. I think people could grow to love this game, if the developers can iron out the rought spots and so long as players don't go into it expecting to get something else. The choice is yours. I personally would recommend this game, for the game content itself, but price-wise, if you can, get it on sale."
76561198007168731,Recommended,232810,11971790,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,GR_VETERAN,"Game has become alot more interesting since the latest patch. Graphics have improoved, gameplay as well."
76561198103857112,Recommended,232810,12016956,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,ghostkid158,AWSOME!!
,Recommended,232810,12188429,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,NightRaven,it is epic build your own city as god and metor people!!!!!!!!!
76561197969458871,Recommended,232810,12263972,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,HaunterV,I really enjoy where this game has come from (Curiosity) and where it is going (The definition of god games as we have known.)   I do hope they add some sort of conflict with hostiles other than who's civilizaiton is mor appealing to the followers.
76561198023076471,Recommended,232810,12276914,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,IcyPinguin,"Played it for sometime before more improvements were made, was fun, but after update it got so much better in gameplay and stability. The tutorial and dev comments is very good and useful, as it is till in beta I am looking forward to the finished product :)"
76561198017609035,Recommended,232810,13227234,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,TDutchWalker,"great time sink game, tons of fun"
,Recommended,232810,8668821,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,SGT fez,need to fix important glitches (freezing timer on buildings) but its just a beta so its great for the time its been out but it really needs to add a few more tutorial messages and a new game refresh system
,Recommended,232810,8036975,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,handful of owls,This game is only 40% done and it's addictive as hell.  It's a great god game and I can't wait to see what else they do with it.
,Recommended,232810,8215516,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,MichiganBro,"I personally liked this game. Its current state might have not much to do besides smah things to smitherians or make new land masses and click repeatedly on natural foliage, rocks and houses for ""belief"" , but it has a good concept. since it is only 40-45% complete it does have a way to go. non the less you have to find crds that are buried under the land inside of chests or battle the AI or other people to get rescources or land expansions. there are some amazing natural formations that happen in the game and being able to make your own land masses makes the game that much better. I have made a massive canyon and a penninsula myself. besides doing that there really isnt much to do or much of a threat to your civilazation besides the random wolf. i would say 6/10 for its current state."
,Recommended,232810,8325531,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Xindear,It's fun it is still an early access so I hope they add more stuff but it is a good casual strategy.
76561197985258421,Recommended,232810,8233287,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,jharyl,You loved populus those days? You will love Godus. Updates are not so often but the game is quite playable...
76561198084417670,Recommended,232810,8222954,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,woody,Its just a great time killer when you have nothing to do.
76561198089514129,Recommended,232810,8507530,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,JustMoza,Pretty entertaining!
76561198015419015,Recommended,232810,8497017,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,callison15,"Fun game, novel idea."
76561198038121177,Recommended,232810,8510027,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,XNT - ZloXxiC,"God, this is one of the best games eva!"
76561198063296805,Not Recommended,232810,35004796,Posted: 16 September,all,Babidiboopy,BUGS
,Recommended,232810,20048435,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ebruunsl,"It is a great game. I love the graphics and the idea. But, after the Weyworld it started to get boring a little bit. But again, because i get bored i stopped playing. Maybe there is a possibilty you don't get bored."
76561198092184770,Not Recommended,232810,24529637,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Marioman2769,No. Just no. Game will never be finished.
,Not Recommended,232810,28927059,Posted: 1 January,all,[G-MAN2][bodenebas]Billy Maize,very fun and educational
,Not Recommended,232810,25273980,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,BeardyButler,I was expecting populus...
76561197962631316,Recommended,232810,17474508,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,C(h)rIs,"Somthing diffrent, fun to play and se det game evolve.Can get a bit boring, and the somthing new happens :DWell done nice game so far.This is not your normal RTS! :P"
76561197961405533,Recommended,232810,9300556,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,[DEOZ] Johnny,dont bother wasting your money on this dead end game. developers clearly have lost interest in finishing there work as shown by the lack of information or updates since early january.... if i could i would return this game. honestly i feel like an idiot for buying this game
,Recommended,232810,7874280,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Lost,"This is not the most refined of games although it is a fairly unique and entertaining God game, this game is most definitely worth your money. However I would probably recommend holding out for it to be on sale or at least fully released beforehand."
,Recommended,232810,7877330,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Setherzam,"FAITH HARDER YOU MINIONS.Godus shows a lot of promise and an interesting premise but I really really wished there was a better tutorial, it pretty much throws you into the game blind and expects you to figure it out yourself"
,Recommended,232810,8647083,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Señor Sucio,"Wow. Lots of harsh reviews for this game.... This is a great game, although its in alpha. I've seen only 1 bug, anf that is you can pull multiple layers of land on top of your peasents and they will mysteriously go to the top of them. The game is only 41% done."
,Recommended,232810,8688992,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Eros Cerberus,I recommend this game but only once it is finished. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME AS EARLY ACCESS! WAIT FOR THE FULL VERSION!It is fun but with the limits it currently faces that fun will quickly turn to frustration.
,Recommended,232810,8629231,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,hover1122,"I love this game, it's just awesome. I spent hours just playing it, and I do hope the creators continue to add features to this game to keep the awesome on!10/10(flooding would play as a great god power)"
76561198009408305,Recommended,232810,8640002,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,adiplomat,"It's a BETA, fer Heaven's sake! I see all these negative reviews, and I thought someone should remind people of that. There's a LOT of stuff that needs fixing, but it looks promising."
,Not Recommended,232810,17401974,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Detwyn ✪,"My grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him ""if you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately."" Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- ""Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your grandfather put us through."" I agreed. At 28 I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for having never done it, because this game gave me cancer anyways"
76561198038664100,Recommended,232810,8651079,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,"The man, dude","I recommend the game Godus for those resons:1) The game is smart but simple at the same time2) It was a amazing idea, be god and evolve the human race3) Has a fun multiplayer.Those were the resons the the game is amazing and I can't wait for the full game!!!"
,Recommended,232810,7890353,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,snollygolly,"I recently purchased Godus during the Steam Autumn sale and overall, I'm very pleased with it.  I've got about 6 hours into it at this point, so I thought I'd write a review.Pros:*Intuitive controls.  You click to interact, and use the arrows to move the camera around.  It's pretty easy to perform 95% of the actions in this game.*Wonderfully Sandboxy.  Want to make all your people live on an island? Want to instead make them all live in a mountain town?  Want to only have one house and watch two people sit around all day?  You can do all of that.  To progress, you have to accomplish certain tasks, but for the most part, I feel like I'm the one in control, and progression happens naturally.*Simple graphics.  I don't know if everyone will think this is a positive, but I certainly do.  The graphics are simple and colorful, and I think it's very visually appealing.Cons:*Gathering resources is an important part of the game for progression.  Resources are spread out throughout the world in chests, but sometimes these chests are underground.  You can only tell they are there by small particle effects.  Digging them out isn't a difficult task most of the time, but sometimes they are in a tricky place, and it can cost you thousands in currency and significant time to dig them out.*Poor documentation on the lesser used controls.  It took me a while to figure out how to use my god powers (small arrows on the left open a menu) and I didn't know I could rotate the camera until I googled it (Hold shift and press A and D).*Difficulty sculpting the land.  The land sculpting is one of the coolest features in this game by far, but I feel like some times it really works against me, especially if I'm significantly changing the landscape.Summary:Most of the cons can be forgiven because the game is in beta.  According to the title screen, they are only 40% done, and if what I've been playing is 40%, I can't wait to see what 100% looks like."
,Recommended,232810,8639643,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Apacheman,"This game is yes, in alpha, pretty obviously. Granted a lot of it is left untouched (such as some terrains, glitches, and thing that shouldn't happen.) I do recommend this game because of the fun potential it has, but like any other early access, you may yet regret how it does or doesn't come along, or how fast or slow it happens to go. There is not much feel of being a god besides flattening land, or being praised. They just needed more interaction between the game and the player which is muissing just too much. It's truly unfortunate. This game really has a huge potential, I just think they need to hit something else with it. Even in saying all it's problems, the game does shine to be simple and well managed, a good game to waste time on when you're looking for something to do, and worth the full price or the sale price, it's not a bad twenty dollars at all. Plus, with it releasing updates throughout the gameplay, it looks to be evolving into something more addicting than not."
76561198042845377,Recommended,232810,8650839,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Ray Winstone,At the moment it is not an amazing game. However it is highly addictive and as most of it hasn't even been made/relesed yet; you can see that it contains the building blocks of a really good game so is worth buying now while it is cheaper and gives you a chance to learn to play before the full game is released.
,Recommended,232810,8497056,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Fuzyhamster,"Runs well, sometimes ajusting the land is kinda wonky though. For what it is, it's fun but I cannot wait until they add in additional features!"
76561198043611724,Recommended,232810,8636900,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Homalox,"Well... If you were playing B&W, you won't probably find this game so interesting. Yep, it's a little bit different with all those God moves(i've just played it for a few hours, so i can't tell you about all the things, you can do with your hands). I stoped playing it, cause it started to be too boring for me in about 4 days. I mean, it's up to you!"
,Recommended,232810,9444094,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Hi im Seinny Jerfield,Not Bad. Fun as a game like farmville or clash of clans. I can see a good future in this game.
76561198022498365,Recommended,232810,11116917,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Ræven,The game is a lie
,Recommended,232810,9133509,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Mikoel™,morgran freman sim 10/10
,Recommended,232810,8003111,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Todd Howard,Wow.Such iroirode samazamana varied amazing sugoi koto ga aru things that you can do in this game.You can literally do takusan subete anything in this game.Thank you doumo arigatou gozaimasu Molyneux-sama.ワウ。このゲームはメッチャ色々で様々でＶＡＲＩＥＤでＡＭＡＺＩＮＧで凄い事がある。たくさんでも全てでもＡＮＹＴＨＩＮＧが出来る。サンキュどうもありがとうございますモリニュー様。
,Recommended,232810,15281732,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,FromMountains,"To all who do not reccomend the game.This is a great idea that when put into use, does not take full advantage of its creativeness.  Sure, there are a few promises not met, but if you play the game for what it is, and not what you want it to be, you actually really enjoy it.The game has its fair share of bugs and glitches, like an black Astari with white arms and legs, but its visuall appeal and design makes up for itThis is one of those games that you can play for hours upon hours,never regretting the time spent.  This is one of those games that is going to be great!"
76561198143014499,Recommended,232810,10998272,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,liquidice,cool game :)
,Recommended,232810,13583016,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Sp33d+R4c3r,Game progression tuned for microtransactions.Frustrating combination of fun and boringly repetitive.Black and White 1 was better.3/10.
,Recommended,232810,8753597,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,fcol,"Imagine a cross between the Simcity 4 God mode before you start your city, Black and White, and a contour height map of a country. That's Godus. There is a competitive element I've barely looked at, but helping a civilization flourish is oodles of fun."
76561198007717331,Recommended,232810,8048938,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Unwashed,A very nice interpretation of the old Populous titles.
76561197986970791,Recommended,232810,9638372,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Dr. Richard Buttz,"If you've ever played the classic game Populous, this is a refreshing new twist to the old classic, and it comes with cool new features and tons of playability."
,Recommended,232810,8075379,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Fr3ddy,"Godus is a stragety game( well barely any), created by 22cans. it is one of their first game i played by them. Your role of the games is that you become the God of your realms your goal is to try to advance your civilzation  into  the most techologica advance in the universe.  When i began the game it had an interesting intro scene. When i began to build it kinda felt like one of those facebook games, but as i progress deeper into game,  the begin to pick up the pace. I think at that point the waiting felt like it lasted for 30 secs. The mutliplayer is still in progress since it still a beta. Also you can use jewel to speed up your building time.( most of the building is like 1-45min as you progresses). To earn jewel  you can mine in it in the jewel veins  that are spotted around the world or earn in multiplayer games or from chest. Possibility that the jewel can be purchase from in-game is most likely. If you don't want buy those gems with real money you can always use Cheat Engine.The Game overall is pretty fun for it beta stage , and the game developer are op for more update for the game. if you are a fan of RTS games i suggest of getting it before it get too expensive."
,Recommended,232810,9416120,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,THAD,"THIS GAME BRINGS WITH IT ONE OF THE MOST DEFINING MOMENTS IN PC GAMING HISTORY.Evolutionized into something IRRESITIBLE and GRAND.And They Believe In Me, as I Believe In Them, Proving That We Are Experiencing Together Something That Is...MAGICAL.Your Followers.May They Be With You.Yet being at only 50% complete at this very moment...and completely playable...It gets my highest score ever... 10/10"
76561198093364311,Recommended,232810,9132902,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Froggernaut?,"Great Game, needs to reduce the ammount of clicking tho. I expected much more updates than I have seen..."
76561198076369224,Recommended,232810,14704840,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Carrell1109,You know I have sat back looking at some of these reviews and it turns my stomach. This is a rather fun game things listed as features you can do and I have a rather good time playing it. But some of these self entitled children and I use the word children honestly need to really grow up. I have seen updates rather regular and do feel like its worth it. I have paid full retial for a release game that is not even half as much fun and can be beaten in a few hours of play so its simple really. You will either like it or not. Am I going to tell you this is wrong and whine about it should do this or that nope. I will tell you if you like a fun game you can put hours into and not beat and play with much like a sand box god then have at it and enjoy.Also those saying you need to spend this and that extra you dont if you stop trying to rush and do every thing right this secound and play the game you dont have to spend anything on it past buying it. I have around 30 hours on it and can do pretty much what ever I wish and have a great time.
,Recommended,232810,7936709,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,[LP] rellik,"This is hands down the best game I have played in a long time. It captures the imagination very well, graphics are superb and you get a great bond with all the little people. Even in it's beta I was totally blown away by the amount of game-time you can get and if this amount of gameplay keeps up, it will be one of those games you can spend weeks of back-to-back gaming on before it finishes!Current beta does occasionally crash but the game saves automatically and I've never lost anything as a result of a crash. 9/10 for now!"
76561198043361108,Recommended,232810,7764967,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,MajesticSunFish,if you like simulation games heres one that you will like. Godus is a game that your basically god and you need to try to manage the consequenses and action your into.just buy it.
76561198000018151,Recommended,232810,9867706,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,GlacialFires,"Despite a lot of negative feedback I find this game quite enjoyable. It's perhaps not a heart pouding edge of your seat kind of game, but it's quite entertaining. Even the odd behaviours of your people doesn't detract from the game, just makes them seem quirky and quite deserving of your finger of god when they build their damn ugly straw huts before you can move the terrain together enough for a large house.The mini games for stickers does grow a bit repetitive, but I still enjoy drowining the giants occasionally. Moving the earth around has gotten strangely zen, I find myself just cursing the stupidity of my people as they try to build houses on shifting sands, but not in a bad way.If you wanted the next black and white, this isn't your game. Though you might still find it enjoyable if you stop comparing the two. Perhaps a strange mixture of From Dust and The Sims is what to call this game."
,Not Recommended,232810,10414915,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Dankpool,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561198049536417,Recommended,232810,9449382,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Ultiima,"Its not as good as it looks, majority of the game is sculpting land which takes forever... Unless you wanna play Playdo the game i don't reccomend at all."
,Recommended,232810,15266988,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,CHIN CHIN,"After my opinion then this game is 10 out of 10. It just haves the... Thing. That i love! You can create you whole world with just a click. When i first bought the game, i played it a long time! I never found bugs and i cant belive that you guys found some. It dosent have violence so even your little brother/Sister or your kids can say how he wants the world and then you can make it! The graphics are good (after my opinion) and the gameplay is amazing you are the god! The start tutorial is fine. The new updates make it a better tutorial. In the start its funny and the people around you will look at it. In mid game its more waiting. There isent action in the game or violence. 10 out of 10 guys. I love it!"
,Recommended,232810,9939451,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,[59th] Fruityy,"-This is a review for Godus in general-not any random patch or updateThe game is pretty good its got many different features and ways to build and craft your own little civilisation whilst crafting the world around it.Its layout is pretty cool and the game may not have next gen ultra graphics but its pretty tranquil and nice.Finally the game (which is still in open beta) has a lot going for it and with time and some work could become a pretty good game.On the other hand as of now the game lacks many features and is still very bland for those who prefer diversity,You may complain that there's not many features like having to deal with a plague or some horrific storm. Or that most of the buildings look similar but like I said before the games still got a lot to go for.If your thinking of buying this game, I would personally recommend it. I'm mainly an action and strategy guy, but sometimes I like a chilled game and just like to relax on the PC and Godus can provide that casual feel. If you like these sort of games (which I do) I would say it has a style very similar to the old Black & White game.On a scale of 1 to 10 I would rate this game at a solid 8.5 ."
,Recommended,232810,7973168,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,JigKey,Good game
,Recommended,232810,8061692,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,dirt410,"An easily addictive game. You can lose time if you're not careful, although that might be a good thing in this case."
,Recommended,232810,23129962,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Shiki,I love this game!  So fun and was surprised to see so many dislikes.  I found it incredibly refreshing and addictive.  It's fun sculting your world and exploring.  There was a few bugs occassionally but everytime I came back they had fixed another one and you can tell they constantly worked hard on this title.   I have over 700 games and I've played thousands so I'm pretty critical of my games to say the least.  This is a very solid game and I look forward to more.
76561198030911365,Recommended,232810,8161852,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,SkyRaider,"An interesting game and concept as sorts. But beware! It's still a long way from beeing done. You might feel your shoulder wanting to dislocate cause of all the clicking in the game. In order to terraform the world and make it liveable for your civilization you will need to click and click and click and click. Also the graphics are a bit rough, and when you enter the stages of the game where night and day suddenly makes an entry you can also get a bit tired of looking at it.Overall it's worth a try since the concept is promissing, but do not for one moment concider this game complete. There is still alot of work to be done to make it enjoyable, and I expect there will be alot of changes as well. So far this game only takes you to the BronzeAge ( when I write ), which means not very far, but it takes alot of time and effort to get there. I suppose as the game gains additional content and upgrades things might also progress a but faster and not expecting to stay clicking forever to reach the SpaceAge in the end.Guessing it's better bought at a discount in it's current state, and if they get the problems sorted out, you'll have a great game once it's done. Oh, and for the sake of argument ... There's nothing wrong with the playability so far."
,Recommended,232810,9486172,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,gabguy,Good!
,Recommended,232810,9538102,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Gredanko,"This game reminds me of my days of playing Populous. It's still in beta, but these guys are the right track. Get in on the beta."
,Recommended,232810,7902864,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,mdufek.660,"Honestly, this game has a bit of a way to go. There are several mechanics that need to be smoothed out, but this is still a fun game and one that I would recommend!"
76561198075502427,Recommended,232810,7905465,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Electric Avenue,"Highly addictive, this game is easy to jump in to and hard to turn away from- your people need you! You can run this in the background, allowing you to finish your history paper AND research it at the same time (no actual history in game). Make your civilization fall, or build it up- maybe move it out into the water if you feel like- just make sure to loot the chests first."
,Recommended,232810,7833720,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Scruzzer,Godus is a very engaging and relaxing game. It's very difficult to stop playing and full of surprises!
,Recommended,232810,7872724,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Zomg!NoWai!,"The concept is nice, you can mold the area of land into anything you can think of, cutting rivers and streams, mountains, or fields. It can get a little dull after you unlock alot of things, perhaps that has changed. The last time i played was 3 months ago, so this could all of changed."
76561198061142421,Recommended,232810,7758074,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Taintedcookie,Great work so far. The game could use more things to do in single player.
,Recommended,232810,7921099,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,ArboristPrime,"Dispite many poor reviews, I decided to puchace the game anyway. Turns out the game is actually far more stimulating than one might think. It's not incredibly exciting however it IS incredibly addicting. For a game in beta, this is an exellent game to throw away some time too. There is however, far to much clicking - a problem I am sure will be attended too. If you are entertained by sculpting a world, creating a civilization, unlocking new abilities and expanding land, I would recomend this game."
,Recommended,232810,7915674,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,ondrish,"If you enjoyed games like Populous, Dungeon Keeper and Black & White, you're gonna love this game. Yes, it is in an Early Access game, so far missing a lot of the stuff (41% complete right now with v1.3.1 I think), but in my opinion the idea is there, the developemnt team is just incredible. They communicate with, and listen to the community. I personally think this will be Peter's masterpiece :) he's got an increadible team for it. This game is more than worth the wait and the support."
76561198040380543,Recommended,232810,9873168,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,marshypillo,"I love this game, but it still frustrates me when I feel that I don't always have something to do and my only option in continuing the game is to wait for x; x could be the reinforcements for my voyage-thing (the waiting time for which I think should be removed and instead I think that the difficulty of each stage should be increased). However, I do like the ideas that the game offers. It's about the gradual development of weak spectre watching over its few believers to becoming a great god that shapes the world in which its race of beings live. Idealogically, this game is incredible. Functionally, it's not there yet, but I'm excited to see where it goes. I've logged quite a few hours and the thing that I have to remember is that it's not completed yet. It's still very kool to come to it, play for 10 hours, and then come back after an update and play for another 10 hours just to see its development."
76561198085425653,Recommended,232810,8854205,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Capitansnips,THE GAME IS SAYING THAT THE APP IS OPEN BUT IT IS NOT OPEN
,Recommended,232810,8395036,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dotto,Pretty addictive. This game reminds of the original Populous in many ways.
76561198100448982,Recommended,232810,7965658,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,John Wick,I get that the game is still in Beta but come on man game shuts off in mid battle! Dude I'm mad please fix!!!
,Recommended,232810,8085349,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Uglazgrin,"Very Beta, but very enjoyable. Has plenty of kinks to work out. That being said, I've spent far too much time in this game! I have reached a point that the game has become to repetative, and I anxiously await the next update. Worth buying, though not a bad idea to wait until it is more polished."
,Recommended,232810,22102024,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Fanfarius,Not as bad as you might think. Actually not bad at all. Actually good!
76561198116655724,Recommended,232810,8469535,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,austinzebrowski,"Amazing game, It is not fully complete yet but still has alot to offer, cant wait for it to be comlete"
,Recommended,232810,10178714,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,sithlord,"Godus is a game in constant development, im sure when it's finished it will be a monster of a God game!  Regardless of the bugs its a great experience to be involved at the development stages!"
76561198070777280,Recommended,232810,8640796,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,waldovin,ther needs to be away to restart if you screw up
,Recommended,232810,9314308,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Beppolope,"Not a bad game, will be much more fun when it is more complete than when i started playing it."
76561198095691904,Recommended,232810,9749830,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,katdoerr,latest update looks good until i try to exit crashes and freezes computer.  Upon restart it says debug has stopped working will try second time through removing save file but this one seems to have some bigger problem.
,Recommended,232810,9803245,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,hoboshoe,"This Game is AMAZING. I really like it. It seems more like an app than a PC game though, but I think that's what they are aiming at. I am very excited for the full release"
,Recommended,232810,12294339,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Steviekun,"Godus has come a very long way since its initial beta, and improved by leaps and bounds when it underwent a radical makeover a few months ago.Now, the gameplay finally appears to have direction and is fairly fun, although somewhat casual. The challenge here is balancing your resources and belief (technology and power) against the frontier as well as your new adversary, the Astari.The minigame that you will spend quite some time in consists of fairly easy puzzles, though I hope that in the future there will be more variety in them.-The game is still ill with the ""waiting game"" disease, where you are kind of forced to leave the game alone because everything is 'baking',a concept that is very popular with mobile game platforms but shouldnt apply to more intensive gaming systems (ie the PC).'treasure hunting', looking for resource chests in the land is fun and rewarding although it isnt something you can 'just do' (as the devs insist) while waiting to gain some other resource.The gem system, which is a currency on the mobile platform, is indeed well-intended, but given the rarity of the currency versus the need to keep happiness on par with the Astari leaves the system unbalanced (abandoned homes take HOURS to reinforce, see above about the 'Waiting Game' disease)-TL;DRThis game appears to finally be worth investing in after its several iterations. In my opinion, however, early access games really shouldnt exceed $25 because it is still an unfinished product.  (This game sometimes goes on sale, i suggest buying it then.)"
,Recommended,232810,10410529,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,xbox king gamer,this game is one of the best games ive ever played its nice and simple for those who like to play city builders or god games or mini war games but want some thang less stressful and easy dont get me worng it not like you beat the game to fast its just nice and relaxing :)
76561198031693309,Recommended,232810,10958277,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Cicuta,looking to be a good god sandobox game!
,Recommended,232810,10940994,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Robikscube,I'm giving it a tumbs up but it is not finished yet and it changes DRASTICALLY when after waiting a LONG time it finally gets updated.
76561198149528660,Recommended,232810,13737174,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Gangsta$heep,"Godus is an interesting new type of concept in gaming, It has a sort of sandbox type free roam in the sense that you are able to shape your world and followers in the way you want while also having to conform to the way the game is made and the structure of scuplting and destroying land to make room for new abodes. I also like the fact that there are different types and sizes for abodes and that the higher you bulid the more belief you earn. Finally the Astari add a competiveness to the game because your always seeking to get the better of them while defending your people from the Astari threat.I would highly recommend this game to any person and I hope the developers continue to improve to its maximum potential as a new type of game."
,Recommended,232810,15257243,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,N0fear10,this is a great game do not listen to them! and if your not sure about it try it first on your phone (its free) but the PC one is better
76561198058758011,Recommended,232810,15480302,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,george,its a damn good game since i got it its hard not to play it ahaha
,Recommended,232810,8380670,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Undertow,"Addicting little god-game/civilization-sim, even in its unfinished form."
76561197967918496,Not Recommended,232810,11907616,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,ӇƛƝƝƖƁƛԼ,Sucks
76561198254684894,Recommended,232810,18633719,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,kinglioman,i love this gamethe graphics are nice the play time is long enough for you to have funthere needs to be more freedom and a longer game but thats all right most people give this game a bad revew but those idiots are way to dumb if they had done there resurch they would realize that this game is in super alpha if you get this game give it a chance if its not for you now then it might be for u later the build team is only 9 months into dev most games such as this take up to for years to make. so i say you buy it its a hole lot of fun if you like to spend all day takeing care of your people if you dont quite under stand what this revew means i have 3 words fo u - think farm vill
76561198006733212,Recommended,232810,13814677,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,TheBeerPope,"Alot of bad reviews are being made for this game, and you gotta remember it is only half done, earlier versions did feel alot like the mobile version in the time it took for anything to get done, but with the latter updates things now move much quicker, i almost feel like it might be too quick now, but thats part of the beta process. They recently added warriors (archers so far) to the game addinga nother twist. I am really enjoying the direction the game is going and cant wait to see the final product. Made me miss the days of playing Black and White"
76561198045190362,Recommended,232810,9468358,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Dardoch,"I do recommend this game. HOWEVER, if you are looking for some super in-depth sandbox game. Leave. The only problem I have with this game so far, after the update that is. Is that it keeps crashing on my Mac. It is so annoying to constantly have to reopen this thing. Overall, the game has a lot of potential, and I think it's slowly getting there."
76561198093427900,Recommended,232810,9615221,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,sailbotes,"It's a great game, but ever since the latest update it crashes whenever I play it."
76561198018897806,Recommended,232810,14852269,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,king-donald,"9/10  Would recomend.  At first glance Godus apears to barely be a game at all.  Theres not a lot you can do, you have very little controle over the actuall people, and the goals are slow and small.  But i realised there was something i loved about Godus: Its very relaxing.   Something about the gental land anipulation, the steady growth of your people, and the lack of real conflick makes for a perfect God sim."
76561198148469821,Recommended,232810,14925575,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,ZOMBI3Ninjas7,when ever astari join my side astari archers kill my stari followers while they migrate to my side can you please fix this cause its really anoying :\
76561197970966722,Recommended,232810,7977078,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Pharaoh_NB,"Very nice, lots of potential..."
,Recommended,232810,7977757,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,HandSee,for a beta game its great.
,Recommended,232810,8189435,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,OBookman,"I have great hopes for this game, it could as well become the next Populous"
,Recommended,232810,8182274,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,ZapdoZ,Awesome game!
76561198064036994,Recommended,232810,8253957,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Stank,Rly fun
76561197981660902,Recommended,232810,8168352,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Dschann,"Although not finished yet, this game has a unique style and is quite addictive and very relaxing."
,Recommended,232810,8156866,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,LazurianKnight67,"Since I am a Civ fan, Spore, SimCity, and C&C guy I just couldn't turn this down. As far as it goes it's a pretty fantastic game and I can't wait to see it finished and I recommend it. If you love smiting this game is for you and if you love crushing your enemies hop on this band wagon."
,Recommended,232810,8189620,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,MarsTheWoman,I love this game so far! Sculpting the land and expanding your peeps. It's neat.
76561198031391520,Recommended,232810,8895307,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Bookmonkey,"Whist this game looks pretty good, and seems like a lot of fun. It really isn't, the game feels like it was made for tablets/phones. Repetitive gameplay and nothing all that interesting to it.If you like mindnumbing games. Then this is for you. I would not recommend this game to anyone."
76561198058472398,Recommended,232810,8886015,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Scanie,This game is actually really fun... So... get it. Yeah.
76561198123724413,Recommended,232810,10429985,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,1337_TitanSlayer,yes
,Recommended,232810,8748933,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Gawd,fun.... different then most....
76561198050528863,Recommended,232810,8531634,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,niggajew,All those negative reviews.The game is still in beta so there are still bugs.Indeed there is a lot of clicking but if you actually played the game you will see that you can play settlements so you don't have to click on every house anymore.So far I played 5 hours and for a game that is still in beta I think that is pretty good.I saw their future plans and I think the game is on his good way.
76561198011264617,Recommended,232810,8551936,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Bushpig,"bought it while it was on sale because i had a bit of money left to spend, installed it and just played for 3 hours straight and am 2 hours late for work, good♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198063864146,Recommended,232810,10160618,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Danny_DeFisho,The game is great but wheneveri destroy an abode with my godfinger to buil a farm in the settlements everhouse has a redpixel on it and they nerver go away
76561198078301695,Recommended,232810,10222035,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Apples679,"This game has so much potential, Its a beautiful and well interfaced game, worth the money."
,Recommended,232810,9486301,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,The Man With Many Cheeses,Nice simple game. :) Relaxing to play and not hugely stressful. Except when people just get tired and give up on living. That's kinda sad. :/
76561198054492769,Recommended,232810,9467516,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Ganda1F,"I seem to be largely alone on this, but I've actually been enjoying the game. It has a fair chunk of bugs and things that could be improved, but as it is still in beta, I'm perfectly okay with that.I love the concept of the game. I'm always a sucker for terramorphing/terrain  games, and 22Cans did a brilliant job of it. The cake-like terrain offers easy and understandable customization, and helps the game feel very smooth. The graphics are unique and beautiful, and the worlds feel rich and complex by extension. The oceans and lakes look brilliant, and the trees do a good job of adding interest to the landscape. The generation of the world feels very natural, while still remaining unique enough to be immediately recognizable when scrolling around the landscape. The sound can get a bit annoying, with sources like mating citizens, alerts, and homeless citizens wailing about being ""lostem"". The citizens' language has a distinctly Sims feel to it, though without the variation of the franchise. I did enjoy the sound effects however. The quiet splashes wile scrolling across the ocean was a nice touch, and while I was creeped out slightly by the quiet voices whispering in my ear, it helped contribute to the overall tone of the game.Moving on, playability was a bit iffy. Frequent freezes and crashes made the game hard to play, but the game's autosaves made the crashes annoying, as opposed to crippling. My main difficulty with the game is the very facebook flash game feel to it. Tapping through hundreds of settlements for ""Belief"" is an arduous task, and with waits for various buildings reaching several hours, 22Cans was stretching my patience.Another difficulty arises in the sticker system. While I like the concept, (points used to unlock various technologies in various categories), the effort to find these stickers turned into a massive pain. You can either dig around your world, unlocking little treasure chests, or play a stripped down ""From Dust"" minigame. The minigame itself was fine, though faulty pathfinding with the citizens made progressing difficult. My main issue was the belief required for these minigames, and the sheer number required to unlock a single technology. Each time, it turns the game into a boring wait. You have to unlock technologies to proceed, but you need more stickers to do so, and to get the stickers you need to wait for more Belief, and for more belief you need more buildings, and to get those buildings you have to wait. The eternal waiting cycle of the facebook flash game.In the end, however ,I have been enjoying the game. It's a fun experience, and I'm excited to see where the developers take it. If you have 20 bucks sitting around, I'd recommend supporting this game and the developers."
76561198242453402,Recommended,232810,17732669,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,anjmcintyre,i liked this game alot but i left the game on for 4 hours and had auto belief collector and i came home and closed the game but the game was blank but i could still here the game playing so i closed out of the game but i could still here the game playing so i tried to play the game but it said it was already playing so can you guys plz fix this problem
,Recommended,232810,16124938,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,reygar,"in it's current state, playable but not much of it to play. there can be much fun to be had if you are on a 3 day psychotropic drug binge. especially when using the beautify tool. look at all the sparklies!!! WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,232810,8132880,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,L!MP R!CHARD,will be a good god game
76561198055877982,Recommended,232810,9490063,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Master Sergeant,Dont buy this game until the next update is out..... saying this? not that bad of a game.....
76561198068719409,Recommended,232810,8396648,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Nobody,'
,Recommended,232810,8391497,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,DeepFriedBunny,"iTS A GOOD GAME... I did expect ""more"" as it has so much potential to be competitive against other people.Its quite entertaining and keeps you busy for hours but you kinda start to realize how boring and repetitive the game starts to get over time with the lack of content.Don't buy if you think this is a strategy game or an economic Civ builder... its a population sim with religion and godly powers...thats it right now..."
76561198121236367,Recommended,232810,9958799,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,ddlee26,"This is an excelent game with great potential. While I am currently having a problem with the game not wanting to close and it refusing to launch at times after update 2.0.4, this is a very current update and the game itself is still in early beta."
,Not Recommended,232810,8435888,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Filippi,I dont even remember buying this game. What the hell is it?Would be nice to have 20 Dollars to spend right now. Refund for game I might have drunk purchased?
,Recommended,232810,11677559,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,I am Tahmid the Poo Killer Of Lo,good game good good game no. no. ya ya. :D you play now ?
,Recommended,232810,17858824,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,TonyTalkSick,Addicted to being a god!
,Recommended,232810,15162316,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,HarryM,Brilliant game. Hours show it.
,Recommended,232810,14177009,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Theking2014,Will be a great game once all bugs have been worked out.
76561198168430178,Recommended,232810,13840537,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,killerdude8015,This game is a masterpiece.
76561198060548998,Recommended,232810,14804261,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Peter pan,"it is a Early Access game it has gone a long way butit still has a long way to go. this game gives you a great feeling of being god, you get to diside how they build where they build, if you kill them if you dont kill them. this god like game gives you alot of diffrent opitions to it. also it is a Apha game so its not like you are going to be get the best of best experiences from it but i can say this this game has grown alot and it more fun now then it has ever been before. i recomend you to buy this game and watch it grow and chance as well as your world will."
,Recommended,232810,8378403,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mr. Grey*,"Godus is one of the few games that allows you to entirely shape the world to your own wishes.The last update includes a refined way to sculp land, rivers and mountains. You can now settle in houses, make villagers love eachother, and so much more.I like the way they removed all the clicking and added a new feature which includes only one click, and then slide for anything you wish to do. It feels very refreshing and it's only on 49% complete, so we can expect so much more from this game.Love it."
76561198045412506,Recommended,232810,8789113,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,JayStreams,"Godus is a good game, but if you don't want a caml relax title then it just isn't the game for you."
76561198042028545,Recommended,232810,9509399,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,raythecarpenter,"wouldn't recomend this game. it's nothing like black & white, which is a great game by the same creator."
76561198040908438,Recommended,232810,8832925,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,C. Mix,It's actually pretty good
,Recommended,232810,12164082,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Delta 0-7 Sev,"I just opened this game for the first time in a long time. I bought it very shortly after first release and loved it. Recently they've added in a Developer commentary throughout the game which really adds  a nice touch and really makes you feel apart of something. Would definetly recommend.Edit: Finally wrote a full review for the game, check it out here.http://brutalgamer.com/2014/10/30/godus/"
,Recommended,232810,13190940,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,mr_frownyface,"it may not be for every one but, it is basicaly kindaish like age of empires but you cant realy choose what the peps build but you can change the land..... well yea, i love the game but its most certanly not for everybody"
76561198012244700,Recommended,232810,13220617,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Jackdaw,"Advancing slowly to what was promised, but offering some interesting changes from build to build."
76561198066998485,Recommended,232810,12270120,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,eloporian,"First of all it's very addictive, can hardly stop playing it.The graphics are cute and effective.Stylistically its game play is strongly linked to its roots as a mobile game but this only adds to the unique charm.However due to being stuck on one voyage challenge it's hard to progress as stickers are essential, perhaps upon being completed this will be fixed.This is the only issue I've found, otherwise it's fun, well paced and very intuitive."
76561198049733679,Recommended,232810,12271585,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Casm-Nuricon,"I played this when it had first come out on Steam. I'll admit, it isn't my favorite game. However, that doesn't mean that it's fun. I just started playing again on the new update and I truely think that they have improved the game. That isn't to say that it is without issues. They can certainly improve several things (such as the BELIEF wait time!! FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THAT IS HOLY, MAKE IT GENERATE FASTER), and they are. In simple, not too accurate terms, Godus is based on a similar, but beefed up concept as Farmville or Clash of Clans. For those that are saying it, THERE ARE NO MICROTRANSACTIONS in the PC version of the game. For all the kinks in it, I DO like this game and suggest it for those of you that are willing to pay the cost."
76561197962973671,Recommended,232810,13350609,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Past0ri,"Very, very addicting game. It isnt even finished yet. but it has serious potential. Now i know how it feels to be GOD! So basically its a god-simulator, where you create, destroy and so on. Make the humans breed, and watch them occupy the land. Then sacrifice them and protect them. Very beatiful looking game, looking forward for the finished product. Now it has some minor bugs involving sounds, and it has a stability issue, but still i recommend!"
,Recommended,232810,12244061,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Ivgor Nesneros,"I definetely enjoy everything about this game so far:D and i am excited to see what else might be added to the game in the future :PWhat i like most about the game is that it is a long and relaxing game :D it's not like you can finish this game in like a couple of hours, you can spend alot of time on this game :Di recommend this game to anyone who likes calm and fun gameplay :pI rate this game   10/10"
,Recommended,232810,12294485,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Ryoni,"Completely addicted to this. Start out to play it for half an hour, 6 hours later I'm still sculpting away and smooshing people to death with the 'finger of God' tool. Love the updates with boat trips to other islands now available, though was disapointed it meant all my work was wiped and I had to start from scratch. Love the addition of the Atari as well. Looking forwards to further updates and new additions!Basic overviewBuild houses to expand your population.Sculpt the landscape and sea floor.Unlock cards to upgrade powers, housing types, gifts and communities.Go on voyages to other islands and complete the mini game within the time limit to earn cards and upgrades.Wipe out your own people or the enemy with meteor showers.Create deadly swamps and set fire to houses / trees / people with finger of god toolBeautify the land and keep your population happy to gain followers from the enemy tribe!This is my favourite 'God Game' I have ever played!"
76561198005679281,Recommended,232810,13329606,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,TaTs&ChopsINC,"Great game to begin with. If you love building games. This is for you. However, glitches and game crashes happen lots. Still in the beta/build phase. But. They get it right it will be awesome."
76561198094426609,Recommended,232810,8669606,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,ELEPHANTSWAG,"i think that the game is great but there are a few things that ticked me off while i was playing for example while i was trying to extend the land i ran out of the pink orbs(the currency) and at first i thought it was really cool that occasionally a pink orb would  spawn above a house and then after a certain amount of times using them they ran out at that point i got frusterated because the wouldnt spawn at all(by this time i had already clicked on all the trees and rocks so i couldnt get the pick orbs from them), so then i thought well if i restart the game there will be an option to make a new world but then i restarted the game and there were no options it just loaded me back in so after that i deleted the game and redownloaded it and when it loaded me in it was the same file, so just saying overall it was a good game but they need to add a new world button(basically an menu) and they need to increase the rate at which the orbs spawn"
,Recommended,232810,18088503,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,SumBrownies,Literal manifestation of AIDS.Recommend to Africa.
76561198044390020,Recommended,232810,16785748,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Lord Kaan,Hello  i am a new player but before i played this game from my friends computer. İt is my favorite game but i d like to see some roads and bridges in the game . Thank you for creating this game and making me a god.
76561198027202903,Recommended,232810,31288729,Posted: 21 April,all,PixelSmash,Easy to play :)
,Recommended,232810,8430595,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,GayoMayo,"After playing the latest Simcity, I needed a break, something a bit more simple both in visuals and gameplay mechanics. Has a lot of the same charm as Simcity, but without the micromanagement.In it's current state it only has about 40% of the full content, but for now it's keeping me satisfied in short spurts."
,Recommended,232810,7896422,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,RE_Stringer,i like this game. it has some bugs in it right now but it is a really good game other wise..
76561198014301221,Not Recommended,232810,9688414,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Erwin Rommel,If steam had a refund button .....I would click it 9 hours straight until Gaben himself kicked down my door and told me to stop this crap.Well theres more too it then that. Here we go my perfect legit review.THIS GAME IS 10 POUNDS OF CRAP IN A 5 POUND BUCKET OF POORLY MADE GAMES. THIS GAME IS 10 POUNDS OF CRAP IN A 5 POUND BUCKET OF POORLY MADE GAMES.THIS GAME IS 10 POUNDS OF CRAP IN A 5 POUND BUCKET OF POORLY MADE GAMES.THIS GAME IS 10 POUNDS OF CRAP IN A 5 POUND BUCKET OF POORLY MADE GAMES.THIS GAME IS 10 POUNDS OF CRAP IN A 5 POUND BUCKET OF POORLY MADE GAMES.THIS GAME IS 10 POUNDS OF CRAP IN A 5 POUND BUCKET OF POORLY MADE GAMES.THIS GAME IS 10 POUNDS OF CRAP IN A 5 POUND BUCKET OF POORLY MADE GAMES.THIS GAME IS 10 POUNDS OF CRAP IN A 5 POUND BUCKET OF POORLY MADE GAMES.THIS GAME IS 10 POUNDS OF CRAP IN A 5 POUND BUCKET OF POORLY MADE GAMES.THIS GAME IS 10 POUNDS OF CRAP IN A 5 POUND BUCKET OF POORLY MADE GAMES.THIS GAME IS 10 POUNDS OF CRAP IN A 5 POUND BUCKET OF POORLY MADE GAMES.THIS GAME IS 10 POUNDS OF CRAP IN A 5 POUND BUCKET OF POORLY MADE GAMES.THIS GAME IS 10 POUNDS OF CRAP IN A 5 POUND BUCKET OF POORLY MADE GAMES.THIS GAME IS 10 POUNDS OF CRAP IN A 5 POUND BUCKET OF POORLY MADE GAMES.THIS GAME IS 10 POUNDS OF CRAP IN A 5 POUND BUCKET OF POORLY MADE GAMES.THIS GAME IS 10 POUNDS OF CRAP IN A 5 POUND BUCKET OF POORLY MADE GAMES.THIS GAME IS 10 POUNDS OF CRAP IN A 5 POUND BUCKET OF POORLY MADE GAMES.THIS GAME IS 10 POUNDS OF CRAP IN A 5 POUND BUCKET OF POORLY MADE GAMES.THIS GAME IS 10 POUNDS OF CRAP IN A 5 POUND BUCKET OF POORLY MADE GAMES.0/10
,Not Recommended,232810,28084968,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Tanner,"nothing worth saying about this game, its just plain trash, so ill just type the word pickle until i run out of space pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle pickle"
,Recommended,232810,16281574,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Kallamamran,"Well... It seems I'm the only one who like the game. I have actually run it twice on computer and one on mobile and I don't get why everyone is disliking it so much, but then again... I guess I'm special :P"
,Recommended,232810,7736343,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Sinestra,Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun
,Recommended,232810,9449211,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Ninjasaber,i love this game get it get it its the best
,Recommended,232810,15728335,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Boweniscool,I have got to say that I like this game. I see people saying not to buy this game and to just go play populus or the Black and White games but to be honest... I dont want to have to do that. I loved the Black and White games but I'm not just gonna fore go trying to support and experience a game because we already have a good God game. Black and white 2 is going to be 10 years old this october....shouldn't we have another good Molyneus god game? Yes! and it might just be calle Godus
76561198055368264,Recommended,232810,9471116,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Gorgy,10 outa 10
,Recommended,232810,8576163,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,DeltaGaming,This game is AWESOME!!!!!!!
,Recommended,232810,9859476,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,fotoepic,Well it is very impressive expirience =))
76561198014243209,Recommended,232810,8999325,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,KosSs--cz--,This is only 40% of full game. It is old-school thing in new robe.It is funny click marathon......but I need global game map!! :)
76561198029274054,Recommended,232810,9737022,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,爸汁出了问题,"So far this game is great! Way better then the previous version. I love everything that was added, keep it up!"
76561198110691152,Recommended,232810,25374297,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Tiger II (P),Underrated.
,Recommended,232810,11269865,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Kyojine,love this game <3 played it for days
76561198227935268,Recommended,232810,16521694,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Heinrichsbroedy,Fun little game where you can be a god and be worshipped by people. You can build an empire( more or less) and destroy the people who try to take your followers away.
,Recommended,232810,8942571,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Happy Trails,"This game will tell you exactly what kind of insane you are. Whether its the micromanagment have to get every single point the second it drops and maximize the efficiancy of the civilization your worshipers build flavor, the rich chocolatey mania of sending thousands of worshipers to their death just cause you want to see what this new power does and really liking the result, or the tangy obsession of making a perfect replication of the continents. And the best part is you wont realize it until you've spent 30+ hours clicking compulsively."
,Recommended,232810,15005982,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,RxL,"Godus is an amazing game devloped by 22Cans, I don't see why there is all this hate. This game is a piece of art. Yes it takes time to get started, I've lost my progress A LOT of times. Does that stop me from going back to this game? No. this game does need to be re-worked. Since they are starting to update this game Semi-Weekly I still love this game. I was in Alpha and here I am now. I abosolutely love this game10/10 Amazing job 22Cans. Keep up the amazing work"
,Recommended,232810,9152031,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Belemon,"A beggining of a lovely game. Sadly you do not have a giant hairy hand to pet your followers but you still feel yourself like a parent to a big family. Those people need your protection, your mighty cursor to lead.Do not listen to those klicking-haters. Things are going to change soon."
76561198030940919,Recommended,232810,9139971,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,stsorders,It's very fun but it gets a little slow after all the battles.
,Recommended,232810,11702944,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Maunoir,The Astari stole 135 of my followers. I destroyed their village with 3 meteors.11/10Will play again.
,Recommended,232810,17820135,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,HarryisAwesome99,"This is a wonderful little game, it's a great time killer. I always loved god-games and this is a 10/10"
,Recommended,232810,17744532,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,s9,Ill try wait till the game is done. But for now. Do not invest in this.
76561198093328009,Recommended,232810,9893511,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,porkapork472,Vaguely extremely entertaining. I enjoyed guiding civilization towrds certain doom and destroying villagers in a very casual way. I like it because it is not very complicated to play. It was meh.
76561198080949736,Recommended,232810,9867378,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,The Unicorn Ninja,Fun and endless city building game
,Recommended,232810,8050133,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,{OTD}Malformed,"About the naysayers.  The game has only been built up to 40% of where they want it to be.  If youre impatient or ADD then absolutely... this game is really not for you.  It isn't an FPS.  It doesn't take lightning reflexes and you don't get to gib people.  IT ISN'T AN ACTION GAME!If I were to mark it down it would be because it should be in Alpha.  Beta really is a bit premature.The functionality currently working is really nice if you're patient.  You can sculpt the land to create your own personal world.  The God powers are Populous all the way (except Flood... I so miss Flood).  Is there a lot of clicking?  Yes.  I can't argue that point.  I would think that the devs have things in mind such as mass tree removal powers, larger towns at smaller power/gem costs etc.The most important thing I can say is... B E T A.  Why QQ?  Wait til its $9.99 again if you're in a big hurry to be god but don't write a bad review because you didn't bother to read the ""About the game"" section."
,Recommended,232810,8565448,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Melovinci,"Godus, a god-game from a studio founded by the God of god-games, Peter Molyneux (whose last name is French for deity… not really). That studio is 22Cans, created for the sole purpose of Godus, a successful Kickstarter project. Godus is currently for early-access on Steam… which means it’s not finished yet, but you can still pay full price for it of course. That being said, there’s not much of Godus that I didn’t have access to, except for interaction with real-live people in the multiplayer feature. Not saying that I didn’t get some interaction in the multiplayer  feature… from a made up a girl… who tried to set me up with her friend…This is another alpha game which has a lot of potential but it’s not currently worth the $19.99 it’s going for. Given some more time, it probably will be.For full review, visit:http://icarusreviews.net/2013/12/21/godus/"
76561198036340415,Recommended,232810,8449704,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,™♣Blue-sama♣™ Sage of the Meepo,"At first I wasn't really sure wether to buy this game or not, basically cause it wasn't finished yet. But after buying it I realized it was worth it. For whoever reads this and is planning to buy this game I recommend you do, but before you do you got to be the right kind of player. First of all you NEED to be patient, this game is rather slow at the beginning, frustration and regret are probably your first thoughts. You need to become compromised towards your civilisation. Be aware that this game might take weeks of gameplay to actually build something noteworthy. Never give up cause once you get into the latter stages of your civilisation you will see that it was all worth it."
76561198006575649,Recommended,232810,13254188,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Steve,moving in the right direction on the pc! hope it will continue :)
76561197975448897,Recommended,232810,13063496,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Spacepunk Botanist,"I have watched Godus develop for a while now, playing for a few hours here and there across the updates. And in its current early development state, it certainly has its fill of frustrations, but, it is definately enjoyable. With every major fix, there are also added features, which of course, then need fixing. But hey, its still early access, and the development is moving at a pretty fair pace. What Godus aims to achieve is pretty incredible, and I look forward to watching Godus continue its journy to greatness.If you are used to the inherent nature of early access games, this is definately a great buy!"
,Recommended,232810,13197156,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,FunkyBallOfTits,"This is a game with enormous potential. Disregard the very bad reviews. Those people don't know what this games strives to be and they were expecting a game that you can play for hours on end. They were wrong and now they're disappointed.This is a game that is real-time and that keeps evolving when you're logged off. In the future, we will be able to visit our friends' worlds and if I remember an article I have read, our world will eventually connect with other people's worlds.From the kickstarter page : ""As you flourish and build your own cult, you’ll engage in pitched battles with other gods and their cults. It’s a multiplayer power-struggle the way it should be.""That is the whole point of the game and the reason why it is real-time. At this stage of development, it is a game that you want to play when you have 10-15 minutes to spare. Think of it as a of tamagotchi, but instead of taking care of its needs, you build. Then you won't be disappointed.Go read the kickstarter page of a better idea of what they're going to do."
,Recommended,232810,10907842,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Crazycantalope,Great game could use a few more update for bugs and content but overall a great game!!!
,Recommended,232810,8216438,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,TheSavorings...,"Remember Populous? I do. Look it up if you don't. It was one of (if not THE) original mainstream ""God Game"" and it's on just about every single publications ""All Time"" best games ever list. It and the original ""Syndicate""  were prolly Peter Molynuex's peak as a designer.Well this game is its exact spiritual successor in every way. A must buy for anyone that loves anything in the ""Sim"" or ""God Game"" categories. I could see this game making a few ""best of"" lists before all is said and done. Maybe I'm over doing it because I love Populous so much, maybe not."
76561198092020719,Recommended,232810,33854708,Posted: 28 July,all,(:,i love this game
,Recommended,232810,15601826,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Pinya,"Sure it seems really buggy and kind of pointless at times but as of right now the game is what it was made to be, a casual game. They have made lots of promises and are kind of bad at keeping them but i think it just takes time. Keep up the good work."
,Recommended,232810,15654428,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Sleepy Idol Mango-chan,I have all this time in this game and I still can't tell you what the point of it is.
76561198115372962,Recommended,232810,9640353,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,c0zyx,"it froze after it started telling me how to drag land, but im sure its like how it was before and should still be a good game."
76561197999400310,Recommended,232810,15900182,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,pinkslip,"Kickstarter and all the ruckus aside, it's still a good zen game. I play it to relax."
76561198001809332,Recommended,232810,9893826,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Heathen scum,Godus: Not your average strategy/God-game 10/10 I like it
76561198007939299,Recommended,232810,11357122,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Silver_Apocalypse,Been really nice so far - looking forward to everything that is still to come.
,Recommended,232810,11468984,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Lil House,This is a great game that puts a new spin on civilization building games. I definitely recommend it.
76561198146354908,Recommended,232810,24351071,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,El Nino Mario Alvarez de la Rosa,(Y)
76561198105134062,Recommended,232810,9684553,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Evilpingu01,"followers don't go where you tell them to, no gameplay, still abysmal"
76561197991635763,Recommended,232810,8179460,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,lamaxx,"a wonderful  game, only limited by the fact that the game is also very time consuming and slow paced."
,Recommended,232810,18310820,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Sherman,"Whats here is really good, and what i played i really enjoyed. the art style is adorable and gameplay is fluid and satifying. unfortunately the guy with the vision of how the game was supposed to pan out, has left for some reason. very annoying but the game as it stands is acceptable."
,Recommended,232810,11797814,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,jestrick,"This is simply a relaxing game that is part God similator, part creative builder. The new update really makes it shine. Much needed improvements were made."
,Recommended,232810,8813510,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,LuckySuperLee,This game is so cool!
76561198009501307,Recommended,232810,10153806,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,vid icarus,Its like a zen rock garden meets a tank of seamonkeys. except you can poke and prod these seamonkeys to do your bidding!
76561198007572703,Recommended,232810,23659751,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,spaceman_spiff1980,"There must've been quite an ordeal earlier in this game's life. But, so far, I'm not seeing any issues with this game. It's very enjoyable and easy to follow on what to do."
,Recommended,232810,10088762,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,TrevorTWM,"i got the game in janurary. im just now playing it again. really like the updates. the radius around alters seems a little stingy. i really enjoy that the hier you get your setalment the more mana you get from them. the stikers dont seem to mach the progress im making in game. im getting stikers i dont need yet and not getting the ones that i do. but over all im really enjoying it. the time it take to progres seems good. not to hard but not to simple. the people talking is a little anoying. lostem, lostem, lostem, lostem, lostem.....i have been playing for 4 houres and i like it. really like the thunder stormes."
,Recommended,232810,12338986,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Venomized,Great Game Love It Still In The MakingSo gRab Whilst You Can The Price May Go Up
,Recommended,232810,13212333,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,froggurts,A very pleasant game to just sit and chill. You are not rushed into doing anything.
76561198043461447,Recommended,232810,12384388,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,midnightxpress,Phenominal world building game.  I have seen three incarnations of the game since it has been in development.  It's not perfect but it's addictive and well thought out.
,Recommended,232810,10092260,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,207,"Bought this game out of boredom and was not fulfilled  right off, but as the game develops I've come to love the ever changing game dynamics and like that they completely reworked the entire way we do it. The new v2.0 update brought me back to the game and for anyone who says you shouldn't buy this game you must understand that it is not yet complete. Heck it says on the loading screen 49% done. So expect some problems or possibly any lack of content for a game only 49% done it's great."
,Recommended,232810,10920346,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,OkieDude - KEN88,Fun and chilled game that only requires a mouse to play.
,Recommended,232810,20939824,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,acmoore423,I have played this game for many hours! Found it to be fun.
,Recommended,232810,14408771,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,humm.us,Spent 6 hours making an ultimate city.Realized I could bomb my city.Bombed my city.10/10 would commit mass murder again.
76561198253881165,Recommended,232810,27857240,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,#многомногомногомногомногомного!,niiiiiiiceeeeeeee
,Recommended,232810,8160700,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,PaulDeathBringer,Must say always loved the god type games best one so far was black & White and this reminds me very muchof the same core play without the creature pet.Highly Recommend this game
,Recommended,232810,8387144,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Teerts,"Clicky, Clicky, Clicky."
,Recommended,232810,8645775,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,SilverJade,"I know its still in Beta, but its very frustrating to try and play when the game freezes, other times the mouse just stops responding. (This is on a mac)"
,Not Recommended,232810,22300631,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,will hack for 10 rubles,What the ♥♥♥♥ is this
,Not Recommended,232810,25318032,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ionlyplaygoodgames like terraria,even chess has more action than this♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,232810,13533299,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Stephen!,Love it.... thats all i have to say
76561198069847702,Recommended,232810,12700742,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Pondweed,"Very fun game, takes some getting used to and some attempts until you get it right but (Y)"
,Recommended,232810,10610661,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Variadic,"What I did in the past 20 hours of Godus:Click, Click, Click, Click, Click,Click, Click, Click, Click, Click,Click, Click, Click, Click, Click,Click, Click, Click, Click, Click,Click, Click, Click, Click, Click,Click, Click, Click, Click, Click,Click, Click, Click, Click, Click,Click, Click, Click, Click, Click,Click, Click, Click, Click, Click,Click, Click, Click, Click, Click,Click, Click, Click, Click, Click,Click, Click, Click, Click, Click,Click, Click, Click, Click, Click,Click, Click, Click, Click, Click,Click, Click, Click, Click, Click,Click, Click, Click, Click, Click,Click, Click, Click, Click, Click,Click, Click, Click, Click, Click,Click, Click, Click, Click, Click,Click, Click, Click, Click, Click,Click, Click, Click, Click, Click,Click, Click, Click, Click, Click,If you want to wear out your mouse get this awesome game!"
,Recommended,232810,9121007,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,It Nick,"Pretty addictive already. Slow to update, but new features are pretty major when they eventually arrive."
76561198072280654,Recommended,232810,9673364,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Bamoth,Love this game !!! there is lots to do it does starts of a bit slow but it does get there and god is it fun when it does ! now with the new update theres alot less clicking and just more zen like fun i do recommend it :)
76561198005265235,Recommended,232810,9689946,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,TASTY SUSHI FISH,super cool but very unfinished
,Recommended,232810,14933209,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,검은시루떡,"Great indie game! I like this game!! I love a creative game, cute graphics and many skills(systems).Anyway, I love this game... I hope many updates~ :)"
76561198157964243,Recommended,232810,14432996,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Zip,"I was looking for  game like this for ever! I love it but my only disapoinent is that i brmeoke the game but before i broke it I was SUPER EXITED to play it when i had the time. s\So remember, if you get this dont break it. but its super fun with all the cards and god powers its just epic. I rate 8/8 m8 gg"
76561198005005740,Recommended,232810,12963190,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,jom124,I like this game but the older version is more than fun now
,Recommended,232810,14217423,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Tharris,"This game is addictingly simple and relaxed.This game is great for what it is.I feel that most of the people who dislike it, expected another game.If personal expectations are the problem, then it's a personal problem, not a problem in the game.I will keep enjoying this laid back game, and I'd recomend others to give it a try."
,Recommended,232810,31351015,Posted: 24 April,all,P-Droxy,I dont see why it has so many bad reviews I find the game fun and its playable the only thing is the sculpting land that can be annoying but its still fun.
76561198080091518,Recommended,232810,9895949,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Ethan,This game is great but it wont stop crashing (that might be because im on mac) This was working for about 35 mins but it just crashed and keeps crashing when I open it again. I have uninstalled and re-installed over and over again and it still wont work!
76561198056982497,Recommended,232810,13789581,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,[OF] Theo,"good gameplay and design, i reccomend this game."
76561198007393289,Recommended,232810,9913639,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,yardstick,Fully enjoyed this game. Looking forward to the next release.
76561198075714750,Recommended,232810,11675331,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Fullback,Fun game. Worth the price.
76561198107902137,Recommended,232810,11772255,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Kolopopu,Wowawesome
,Recommended,232810,9536537,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,/\Techkill/\Deadkill/\,Play it.There a lot of clicking too
,Recommended,232810,7867593,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,The Captain,Game is boring all you do is click land all day long and then make houses for people thats it the pvp is a joke as well. Try a demo or something first or watch on youtube before buy.
,Recommended,232810,8062819,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,SkinSinge #NorthCarolina,"Amazing, just like black & white and populous."
,Recommended,232810,10341417,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,iFlush,Very Amazing. Recommended. See for yourself.
76561198079827114,Recommended,232810,13144441,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Wrighty,Great game
76561198008970604,Recommended,232810,12178759,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,FarkyFark,"Since the major update, this game has really taken off. There are so many new features and a different feel to the game."
,Recommended,232810,12449314,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,gcbeehler5,"As the game has morphed over the last few months a lot of new features have been added and the game play has changed quite dramatically. It's fun to ticker around with, but the game plays like one of those Facebook Farmville timer games. Meaning, in order to progress you need belief points, but they only generate over time. Everything you do uses belief, and everything has a timer on it. It's fun initially, but gets old fast. The addition of the opposing tribe adds a further annoyance. When you quit a game, it keeps playing on without you. You will come back to find most of your tribe has left because buff tickers have run down, etc.Regardless, I'd still recommend this game if it's under $10. You'll get a few hours of enjoyment out of it before growing bored. Which for less than $10 is worth it to me."
76561198043904134,Recommended,232810,12169006,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Pworl,Awesome game. One of the best God sims ive ever played.
,Recommended,232810,33622068,Posted: 17 July,all,Water,A proverbial soup can for a homeless man begging for spare coins and not fulfilling his prophecy.
,Recommended,232810,670016,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,gay satan,you could play a facebook cowclicker for free instead of buying this♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,232810,10067290,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,RennOpp**,Game sucks dont buy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198067026473,Recommended,232810,9043790,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,belcaelaraen,"YO.  So, this is a newer entry into the realm of games where you play the role of a God.  And boy, is it a good one.  While it is still in beta and is in need of improvement (as all betas do), it is still an extremely satisfying game!  Shape the landscape to allow your followers to expand and explore, build your belief, and guide your followers through the ages.  It's neat, everything you do changes how your followers see you and how they form their religion based on you.  For example, if you destroy a lot of rocks, one of your followers commandments might be ""Rocks are the scourge of this earth and should be destroyed.""  I'm really excited to see where this game is going to go, totally recommend it to anyone who likes world building or ""playing god"" games."
,Recommended,232810,8597720,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,ExpertSummer328,PLAY THIS
,Recommended,232810,11454985,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,silvrique,"I like this game a lot. It's at 49% and I find myself scuplting away at land and trying to figure out the best way to layout my settlements to gain the best ground advantage. I would reccomend this game to anyone who loves god games.Sure, it has it's bugs but it's still in early release!"
76561198055506219,Recommended,232810,10106914,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Warger,Do you like playing god? Has lighting your followers on fire ever stricken your fancy? Has your dream ever been to send ever man woman and child whos ever lived to thier untimely death in your honor? Look no farther.
,Recommended,232810,26447830,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,SomeoneInsignificant,Just gratuitously leaving feedback
76561198080615784,Recommended,232810,9685333,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Pisces Iscariot,awesome god simulator - just revamped so there is much less clicking and more strategy - A MUST HAVE!!
,Recommended,232810,9915225,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Azaarious,"This is a great game, fairly addicting. You search the world for chests that have 'stickers' that help you unlock new powers. Other then that you have followers that worship you and help you use you powers to their full capabilities."
76561198212185011,Recommended,232810,20940723,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,iagoplautzpiveta,good god game man!
,Recommended,232810,17746401,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Puttiis,"Is actually a good way to spend that extra 10 hours you have for nothing else, but Peter ran away from ze project and now is no update. No regrets tho, hours well spent. Sure, it could be better, but yeah. Also may give you cancer."
76561198036328674,Recommended,232810,12501762,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Tsums12,Great game
76561198077282180,Recommended,232810,12664402,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,kaleb.broome,i love the game but after i got a bunch of the auto collecters the game cant handle collecting all of the stuff at onceplease fix soon i wanna beat the dang game! <3
76561198047033786,Recommended,232810,13246851,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Penguini,"This game was pretty fun, i would reccomend it its fairly fun and is worth the money i spent on it."
76561198079212471,Recommended,232810,12483095,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Codie,"When the game first came out, it was alot of fun. You could go and create a world in a matter of maybe 4 or 5 hours. Now in order to even get your power to do anything it takes 20 minutes or more of waiting. And houses are built in real time now which is terrible. If you like waiting in real life to play a game, then maybe this is for you. But if you want a game to actually do something, dont buy this. I bought it when it was first released on steam and it was good, but theyve gone in the complete other direction with the game play."
,Recommended,232810,12483702,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,FernandoNation,I recomend this game to anyone who likes god games where you decide the fate of your believers. I do not recomend this game to anyone who absolutely hates sitting around for things to finish building.
,Recommended,232810,12490467,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Rhizic,"Ok, so the mobile game is still there in the bones and the farmville aspect of click to collect and time management are still very much as the core of the game, but you know what, it's still pretty good.Don't go into this thinking it'll be Populus becuase it's not, you talk a much slower, less direct route to being a god and with everything being in real time it's no quick game either.Ignoring all the bugs due to the fact it's still Beta it's worth a look (tho that price is somewhat steep), the way they have presented the Beta is nice too, it's not ""here is half a game"" but a narrated guide through what they are doing with a commentry track. Further dispite historically being distant and giving little patches it seems Mr. Ego and the crew have started to change this.In particualrly I'll add, I love the way settlements develop and the way it maps them out when you make one larger makes them feel unique...There is a long road a head of this one, but I'll be along for the ride."
,Recommended,232810,12572052,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,FriskyCthulhu,"It's a very mindless, casual, and fun game. Lots of waiting between events, but that's why you don't really play just it. I keep it open in the background when watching shows or doing homework. I check it every hour or so before off to pursue other interests. If you play it from that perspective it's worth the purchase.Another note. I've had this game since around the first alpha release and boy has it grown and evolved! You can really feel that they listen to the community because they completely rebuilt how it plays from earliest versions to now. Frequent updates, and a plethora of new features reinforce my original point."
,Recommended,232810,12512275,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,rogersm0,"Pretty fun, especially if your into the whole populus/magic carpet genre."
76561198041675207,Recommended,232810,12563620,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Snobasocks™,Honestly one of my favourite games.
,Recommended,232810,11771446,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Antarctic National Socialist,10/10 like skyrim with guns
76561198042935374,Recommended,232810,31338148,Posted: 24 April,all,Gamingforgold,"ITs a nice chill out game to play. It isnt fancy, just very simple and nice to play when your brain is tired and you just want to chill. I suppose it is a little bit grindy at times. But even the devs said it would be. I don't know why most people dislike the game. I mean I dont love it but I don't think its a bad game. Maybe its just bad players who dont see the point of the game, which is to just chill.Maybe watge until it is on sale, just to be sure."
,Recommended,232810,9131214,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,TrickWire,SO COOL
76561198056711004,Recommended,232810,11620788,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,the2pages,"all of those pathetic reviews that say ""best cake simulator ever"" and such then no you do not deserve to write reviews as you cannot write a serious review giving your actual opinion YES its like a facebook game YES they dont update it enough YES theres alot of clicking but heres the good part the game has tons of potential i find it fun to constantly grow my population form settlements watch them form relationships the ONLY giant problem with this game is unlike early alpha in the current version it actually takes a good half hour to build a small house this happiness meter seems more like an event than a game mechanic if my people are a little unhappy the atarri have their festival and 18 people leave thats 3 houses empty and it will take 90 minutes for those houses to fully regenerate their population i would say yes this game is worth it in its current state now in its planned state yes if it was 10.00-15.00$ then definitly buy it youll have fun with it youll hit a limit eventually and the voyaging is uneventful but its an early access game and these are things that you are obliged to respect and tolerate and understand when purchasing them"
,Recommended,232810,9097360,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,WalkerBait,This game takes time but is soon worth the wait if your into Black And White 2 this game is for you.
76561197996121417,Recommended,232810,7762233,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Vicious,All you noobs need to shut up and play a few more hours of this fantastic but ultimately flawed game before commenting.Tolllolloolloollllooool.
19823813792713218,Recommended,232810,12617493,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,luminousMass,It is one of the beat games I have ever played.Yet it has some flaws.But it dose feel like you are a god of many people.22cans has also put a new things so if you are bored try to look out for many things to come.
,Recommended,232810,26378055,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Syn,"Really cute, fun game, easy to play and get lost in :)"
76561198145530278,Recommended,232810,31110419,Posted: 12 April,all,GooseManGuy,"For a mobile to pc game its great, even for early access its fully playable."
,Not Recommended,232810,15773559,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,wickeD,"This game literally sucks so bad.  I get that it is in early access, but come on developers.  The developers for this game haven't released an update for it in forever.  It seems they just stopped working on it.  There isn't even a shop in game yet and half of the things aren't even finished.  0/10 NOT RECOMMENDED"
,Recommended,232810,7868072,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Mike,652652;
76561198080708294,Recommended,232810,10104828,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Dalvin Cook,This is a good game i enjoy it and had fun with it
76561198106466155,Recommended,232810,11487197,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Sly Cooper,really nice game should be more popular
76561198155134665,Recommended,232810,12744163,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Omae wa mo shindeiru,"I absolutely love this game! theres a few minor defactors like being unable to rotate the screen and my voyage boat wont work anymore. Aside from that this game has a lot of potential, cant wait for the updates to come."
,Recommended,232810,12733766,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,The God Emperor,"I can push my followers into the ""Pit of Doom""."
,Recommended,232810,9062787,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,DAY MAN AAAYAAAAAAAAAH,Fun and addicting game
76561198053357156,Recommended,232810,9087221,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,sherlockpj,"This game is in an early stage of Beta, and is already unbelivable. Its what we have all wanted from sanbox games like minecraft, the ability to take control of a village and make it something more. You can make your people expand across an amazing world, battle others, make cities, its endless."
,Recommended,232810,10002732,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,nonentity,I played this game a bit before the recent update and really enjoyed it. Now I have opened a chest in the tutorial before it told me to and now I cannot advance. I have tried to reinstall the game a couple of times but it keeps my saved game. Any help?
76561198062656163,Recommended,232810,12675414,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,stretchnick,great game that i love
76561198064592407,Recommended,232810,12714785,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Bromethius,A unique take on civilization strategy. This game has tons of potential.
76561198133237973,Recommended,232810,23847849,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Tranquilpeep,A fantastic game with a  lot of hate. I have only played several hours of the game and im amazed with the art and gameplay. Great job to the developers!
,Recommended,232810,1702770,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Mortz,CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK
76561198011309472,Recommended,232810,10017126,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Steve,"I'm so addicted to this game!  I can understand the frustration of the other reviewers here, but I'm having a blast.  What I like about it is I can sit down and play as much or as little as I want at a time and feel like I'm making a difference in my world.  Yes, all you do is drag around land and leash your guys here or there, but it is addicting.  I try to make my world look visually appealing, and I love the songs that play as you collect your belief from the houses.I highly recommend this game for people with busy and irradicate schedules.  I find this game very soothing and relaxing and I can play it as much or as little as I want and feel like I'm making progress.  Very addicting!"
76561198084322267,Recommended,232810,23208348,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Dr.Tombo,Just brilliant
,Recommended,232810,28228960,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Spiff,"It's great at best, the developers have abandoned this seemingly to make other games like ""Godus Wars"". Causing the game to still be only 50% complete. However the stuff that is there is very fun, if you like these kinds of games.6/10"
,Recommended,232810,30549065,Posted: 16 March,all,Noel csgetto.com,''Godus''... ''Godus''
76561197993638566,Recommended,232810,29482322,Posted: 25 January,all,Father Christmas,I can't understand why this isn't GOTY
76561198173587614,Recommended,232810,23668186,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,darksider,BUY THIS GAME!!!....if you like supporting usless developers :)
,Recommended,232810,32090104,Posted: 31 May,all,♣♣Josif Stalin♠♠,",,"
,Recommended,232810,33587214,Posted: 16 July,all,messymaj,nice
76561198048357321,Recommended,232810,28407077,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,darkzero,its ok
,Recommended,232810,24998065,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,TheKingfinGamer (YT-Edition),Its a good game :D
,Recommended,232810,10643662,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,wicked warrior robot,"This game is awesome, it will hook you up for hours, i bought it because it looked okay. Turned out to be an awesome sandbox, Totally recommended"
76561198087447850,Recommended,232810,7125040,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,Soulblocks,"A great god game from the greaters of populous, the controls can get a bit annoying but its still in beta so fingers crossed :)"
,Recommended,232810,10477151,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,mrd.jetzal,It was fun... but now its not!
,Not Recommended,232810,10460823,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Daddy Cel please come back :(,"I would like to recommend this game, in the early stages it was actually really fun, there was no real limitations to how you play. But with the latest few patches the game is going on a decline in the aspect of a *fun* game. It's all about clicking, spending time waiting and more clicking. As of 2.0.5 farms only give 1 wheat per farmer on a farm, which limits your building and progress by about 99%. So until you officially see in the patch notes that that is gone, stay away from this game."
,Not Recommended,232810,10104631,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,borisj,"The basic premise is awesome, but I've got some strong reservations about the new direction.The new stickers system is very uneven, you're swimming in stickers till you suddenly hit a wall and they dry up, and the voyages are still too buggy to know if they'll work yet"
,Recommended,232810,10616869,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,colingrey1,"I do like the premise of this game, but having to wait for 'praise' (or whatever it is called) really is a deturant from playing the game for long periods of time."
,Recommended,232810,2437281,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,Buldinn 🐏 (That Sheep),"Extremely fun God-Game. No real tutorial yet but easy to learn!Shape the world to your will, summon villagers to do your bidding and eventually destroy other civilizations. Easy, fun, brilliant to look at and listen to."
76561197999586353,Not Recommended,232810,8680825,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,TheLoveShampoo,"Some day, this game may be good. However, charging for it in its current state is insulting. All you do is click to collect faith and remove trees. That's it. Cookie Clicker has more depth than this."
76561198006509141,Not Recommended,232810,8681006,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Aura of Souls,"Peter Molyneux seems to have a history of ruining games or not delivering.  This game has potenial but I have learned not to hold my breathe.  Black & White's and Fable's sequels have taught me this.  Right now it just seems like a click fest that belongs on a tablet.  It has it's moments and can be fun.  I enjoy city builders and god games very much, but I wouldn't recommend this game in its current state though."
76561197986839392,Not Recommended,232810,8681687,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Hapsutin,"If Minecraft and Empire Earth had a kid, it would most likely look something like this. It's very addictive and I like exploring the map trying to find resources and temples and mold the world as you want. It's also kinda rewarding to see how your civilisation grows from a little hut to giant city covering the whole continent.But having a large city with hundreds of little houses has it's downside too. If you want to keep molding the earth, you'll need belief. It's like somesort of currency that allows you to do stuff for example creating settlements or swamps or call in a frigging meteor to strike down your enemies. But you have to gather the belief from the houses and there are hundreds of them! Sure if you form a town by building a settlement you can collect the belief of the houses that are nearby the settlement, but still you're going nuts from all that clicking!It's possible to fight against AI and earn more resources from the battles you've won, but to be honest I found it kinda creepy at first when the game started to talk to me, saying stuff like, ""Hey, how you doing? My dad is at work so I'm allowed to play couple of rounds. Interested?"" And the more you play the more AI characters show up and you find yourself in the middle of a AI drama!!! Do we REALLY need this? Do I get a reward if I read all their useless messages about some guy being a bit stalkerish??? I just want to improve my city!I've played this game about 16 hours and I already got fed up with it. At first it was nice and all, but then the storms came in to mess up with my place. I could take the first storm just fine. Repairing the damages was easy. You know. *click, click, click* (Repeat that about 10000 times and your city is back to full health) and when it was all done, after 10 minutes: Tadaa! Another storm appears! ""Oh no! How am I going to do now?"" Solution: Click x 100000 = Healthy city. After that I start to improve my city once again. and after 20 minutes. A storm. That's when I decided, ""Hell, if the game want's F-up my city so bad, then go ahead! I better quit playing this game now, 'cause if I'm going to continue playing this clickinghell for 2 months my forefinger would most likely fall off.Do I recommend this game to anyone? Sure! If you like clicking, or you have an annoying kid who needs something to do show that kid this game. Just tell him to click all the houses with a whiteblue flag or a pink bubble over it and your kid has an activity that'll keep him busy for the next 3 hours. That is of course, if your kid is even half as ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as me."
,Recommended,232810,8682391,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,"Drake""O""Matic144p",I bought Godus because i like building and having a kingdom or city like place in a game and i watched the trailer and was amazed so i bought this game and im not disappointed i have played offline for a couple of hours that is why it say i have only played 46 minutes or so overall i give this game a 8/10 the two points were subtracted because there were a couple of glitches and lag bits in there and the enemy ai is impossible to beat in the battle where you have to collect as many diamonds as possible but if YOU like having a town/kingdom or love having people worship you or you have a god fetish then you will like this game.THIS GAME IS STILL IN BETA SO DONT EXPECT A WONDER
76561198066763405,Not Recommended,232810,8682436,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Teiresias,its a terrible game.The game might be in early development but it still is one of the lagiest games ive ever played.
,Not Recommended,232810,8683178,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Juandissimo,"Don't buy this game, it's complete rubbish and absolutly boring as hell. I tryed playing it for like 3 hours and got off the starting island hoping it would get better and it just stays bad."
,Recommended,232810,8683590,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,TREEZ1337,"so far Godus is great, cannot wait to see what it becomes."
76561198007303672,Not Recommended,232810,8684409,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Renrul,this game has no substance whatso ever.all you do is click click click drag click thats it.
,Recommended,232810,8684421,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,MachingBird,This game would be better if you could actually restart it when you get stuck.  The only way that I have found to restart it is to uninstall it.  I wouldn't recommend buying this game until this issue is fixed.
76561198026766544,Not Recommended,232810,8685097,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Boal,They are not ready to let anyone give money for this game.  Bull hockey.
76561198006603555,Not Recommended,232810,8685151,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Glew,"WTF was I thinking when I bought this...Unless it gets a complete overhaul by release, I cannot in good conscience recommend this game."
76561198029325741,Not Recommended,232810,8685398,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Galven,decent game but updates seem to have stoped
76561197988920845,Recommended,232810,8685429,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Dolpe_TV,"This game is good and new. Sometimes its a bit hard to use the mouse to flat the mountains.. its just taking lots of time.. but after a while ur world is growing and its interessting to advance a new age.I recommend it, but since its still a BETA, just try to get it with some discount :)"
,Not Recommended,232810,8685674,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Dr. Jordan,This game is a major disappointment
76561198040848678,Not Recommended,232810,8687255,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,shorn_,"The game at its heart is a pretty game. The water and various nature effects have a good style and at times are quite beautiful. Past the visuals though the game lacks in many areas and I don’t feel can truly call itself a god game or a spiritual successor to Populous. The game does not feel like a god game considering the lack of autonomy the people have. For instance they will not travel to build house or even upgrade their own houses without your intervention. Furthermore there is an insane amount of clicking in this game. Click to move land around, click to uncover card items, click to retrieve mana from every house..clickity click click.The problem is that if you automate any of those systems, like they were in the Populous, the game has zero substance. There is no conflict in the single player game to keep things interesting. No going at it against other tribes and spreading your influence. No attacking other gods, no satisfaction after hours spent dealing with a truly painful sculpting tool or hunting for cards to advance your civilization.Mind you it’s still in beta. Hopefully they can fix the problems before their may launch date. As it is I really doubt that they can, it seems like they are more intent on polishing what they have. Problem is what they have is not really all that great and it certainly is not a god game."
,Not Recommended,232810,8687485,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Diagoras,"Unfortunately, whilst the concept is sound, 22cans themselves are a real letdown. This game has received no real updates since first launched as an early access game, with development videos on their youtube channel and such showing no real progress. So far they have put the game up on two half price sales, leaving most early purchasers feeling simply conned. I would strongly advise staying away from this game unless a miracle occurs and significant progress is made by the development team. Don't ever buy this at full price though; it probably won't be long until this is on sale."
,Not Recommended,232810,8687708,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Mabish,"A great example of a game created by the great Peter Molyneux, that just doesn't deliver.I loved his older games (Populous, Theme Park and Black & White and Fable most notably) and wish Godus lived up to them, but unfortunately this game just feels flat and soulless. I'm okay with it being a browser-game'ish timewaster but it just isn't fun to play.It's like Cookie clicker without upgrades (or with boring upgrades).I don't think it's too late to totally revamp the progression in this game, but I doubt that's going to happen."
,Not Recommended,232810,8688136,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Stanthemanfan,Its pretty bad
,Not Recommended,232810,8688349,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,OgyJoe,"Not quite there yet.I was a bit curious about this game, so I picked it up on sale.  While it does have a mild addicition, it is so stripped down at this point, and becomes redundant very fast.  Granted, this is a risk you take purchasing an Early Access Game, so it is possible it could improve before official release.For now, I recommend holding off on purchasing this game.  I look forward in having my mind changed later."
,Not Recommended,232810,8688840,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,GeneralXTL,I Thought this would be more of a God Game. But i felt like it was more of a click fest. I never felt like a god or that these were my people. Just click click click click click click click.. Got tired of it  il keep looking at the updates but at the time of posting im done playing and don't feel it was worth getting.
76561198015742045,Recommended,232810,8378107,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Rokoki,"When you  buy this game there is not much in the way of a tutorial. The ""How to play"" page does give some basis as how to get started but that's it. Yes you do need to dig up chests to get cards in order to advance, and yes it does get repetitive, but after about 2 hours of playing the game is fun to play. I am really looking forward to advancing to the space age. Right now for $10 I would get it. And for those who are giving nothing but negative reviews, you need to remember it is in early beta and is an indie game. I recommend it."
76561198021330795,Not Recommended,232810,8379456,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,LeoEnlightenedOne,"I hope your developers read this review and feel such guilt that they quit. This ""game"" should be removed from the steam store, everyone who has purchased this is a victim of false advertisement and should be given a refund, read on to find out why.This game greatly misrepresents itself as a real time strategy god game when in reality it is a mock social app. You really do have to spend 15 minutes+ to do minimalistic tasks, there is no menu, you cannot restart the simulation or play a skirmish you are forced into one game world. Think MMO with no connectivity, it is brilliant they have saved themselves a massive outlay of costs in the long term ploy by selling the ""beta"" concept on quicksand, they can gaurd against failure to do anything with the precursor of saying the game may change before release. I assume this will be prerelease development for at least another year so they can milk the cash cow before it croaks.Right now there is no precursor before the purchase screen to ward people off of this parasite, the community needs to be able to protect itself even in early development. This is all that is left for the team making this game, there will be no sales out of this early development phase. If a review ever sticks to this on the games title page it will read 003/100. A public apology should be provided by the steam team for allowing this onto the store. To the team responsible for this monstrosity may your coding be plagued by concurrency issues and your desire for wealth consume you to the point of madness (if this is not an intentional scam it already has)."
76561198000892852,Recommended,232810,8379644,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Detective Carl Linguini,build
76561198004445415,Not Recommended,232810,8379672,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Redbeard,Too slow paced and not fun. If your looking for a sim city like game this is not it.
,Not Recommended,232810,8379855,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Play4leftovers,"If you like populous and other god-games...Do not get this. It was a sincere dissapointment that it was almost identical to freemium games and was a grindfest without an equal.No, I recommend that you stick with the other godgames and wait for something better."
,Recommended,232810,8380043,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,leoleez,"Only if you really like God Games, and clicking way too much. Its an achievement oriented game AKA, you can only do things when you unlock them, this in turn sucks because you can see all the cool things you can do, but really can't because you have to play 10 hours at least to unlock them. Also it forces you to leave your sandbox and play other people. Defeating the purpose of a sand box."
,Not Recommended,232810,8380408,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,MistahPops,Honestly this game should have only been worth $5 or $10 at the most. I don't know what I was thinking paying $20 for this.
76561198022467211,Recommended,232810,8380790,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Aegor,"This is an extremely fun game, there is single player mode which also lets you go against other players. The only downside is you can only have 1 world."
,Recommended,232810,8381200,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Hey37Bulldog,A highly addictive RTS. Start your civilazation from neanderthuls onwards.
,Not Recommended,232810,8381872,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Ayumi,"Crap, dont waste your money."
76561197980195204,Not Recommended,232810,8385819,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Scooter,Starts out rather interesting and it's neat to see your followers make larger villages. It however quickly becomes very tedious with settlements taking hours to complete or having to wait for farms to gather food. And them randomly you have storms that damage your homes causing you to click tediously on things.UPDATE 4/4/2014Still terrible and very buggy. I can not find any enjoyment in this dreck.
,Not Recommended,232810,8386753,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Graham,"Not really as interesting or as fun as Populus, even though it is in beta."
76561198032651187,Not Recommended,232810,8386947,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Chewbacca,"Facebook browser game that is not free to play, i do not and will not ever recommend this clickfest of a game.If you enjoy getting frustrated because the land wont go where you want without constant clicking until you begin to show signs of RSI then this is the game for you."
76561197983952109,Not Recommended,232810,8387461,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,thebra,It just isn't fun. You will quickly grow tired of clicking and forget about this game quickly.
76561197999596411,Recommended,232810,8390019,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Markgrave,"If you are looking for an edge of the seat, adrenaline pumping, gore splashing, legions of undead vs mighty heroes of order... This game isnt for you. However IF you want to sit back, relax, listen to music, sculp a landscape, layout the land and grow a small tribe to a sprawling civilization all the while sipping a cup of Earl Gray THEN this is for you. Godus has taken a lotta flak from people who expect it to be something that it at its core isnt meant to be. Its a fun, quirky, enjoyable experience which is STILL in BETA!!! Let the boys finish a few updates, polish off the edges, get together all feedback and then start flinging mud should you not like the final product. Otherwise, get the game, get involved, contribute and become a founder:)"
,Not Recommended,232810,8392707,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,xGamer 101x,"Now, its a beta so we will see what they fix. However, changing the landscape is annoying and limited. Overall creativity with your civilization is limited and your cities are dead. This game seems like a giant grind with no real rewards."
,Not Recommended,232810,8393175,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,neQuiem,"Sadly, this is not the game I expected. I don't feel like a god, and to be honest, I don't feel like having any fun playing this game.I saw the trailer, some screenshots and videos on YouTube. It all looked really promising and I had to buy it - now I regret it. At this moment, I even feel deceived, as if they do everything to gain people's interest, so they can sell their shiny game without thinking about how the players will feel while playing it.At the moment, all visible reviews on the Godus steam page are negative, so it seems like I'm not the only one who's disappointed."
,Not Recommended,232810,8395909,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Greenie,"my game reset after i had spent many many hours on it, so i am not happy with this game. i lost all information and saved data on it, had to start from scratch."
,Not Recommended,232810,8396392,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Clade,"Looking forward to shaping the world through your actions, with accurate abilities and a wide range of powers, well prepare to be disapointed.The game itself is boring, as all you do is build houses for your followers to live on, which in turn, allos you to build even more hoses. Then in a painstakingly slow fashion, your follwers crawl across the ground slowly ebbing out you are of expansion, and all you can do while this is happening is harvest""faith"" althoughm you can do very little with it, and then your followers start to die unless yiu click on them again and agian, and this would not be to big a problem, except that when they die they take a chnk of your faith away.One thing in paticular annoys me, and that is the unresponsive sculpting, sometimes it can take an age and a huge amount of faith to move a tiny area, and at others you can move acres with the slightest jerk of the mouse, destroying all your houses in the processto Conclude the game is boring, tedious, un-intresting and un-immerseve, with a misleading description, and at a somewhat high cost for a game of it;s calibre"
76561198044491227,Not Recommended,232810,8396885,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Norkolas,The absolute worst waste of money I've ever bought.
,Recommended,232810,8373179,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Deplorable Hooch,Still wont run on Win7 64bit...
76561198031542276,Recommended,232810,8373868,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Kexlar,"Nice god game, as others have mentioned there is a lot of clicking to do to collect belief from your followers, but that is only at the start, once you unlock the Settlement feature that will collect all your belief into one place so instead of clicking on say 70 houses you just now click once, and also there is a lot of clicking to sculpt your land, but again once you unlock the feature to scuplt 5 layers at once your clicking drops an enormous amount.They have just updated the game to add loads more chests where you collect your cards from, these help you unlock items.All in all a great little game and while it is on sale I would def recommend you getting it."
76561198015322232,Not Recommended,232810,8376037,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Adin,ultra bad
,Recommended,232810,8377122,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Lich Please,"Definitely an interesting game. Takes a bit to get used to, but gets you hooked fast."
76561198064134776,Not Recommended,232810,8377396,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,McWallis,Bad That's all you need to know
,Not Recommended,232810,8377430,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Nu_Gundam,Yeahhhhh... Nope.
,Not Recommended,232810,8377617,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,zirrus,"At its current state, the game consists of clicking to shape the land and get ""belief"". After some minutes playing you discover that you have been wasting your time clicking around just to allow your ""believers"" to expand.The game has to evolve a lot to really deserve being bought."
76561198007270000,Recommended,232810,8378006,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Shaun_r27,Like to God
,Recommended,232810,8378070,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,TehBatman,I love this game! Is very time consuming in the beginning but once you reach the Bronze age the game really speeds up!
76561198034608507,Recommended,232810,8211265,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,CNAP,"Very addictive little game, still in it's beta, i am already hooked and cannot wait to see what else come from this.yes it has limitations, but if this is only 40% of the full game them there will be more to come.it is simple and fun! simple!"
,Not Recommended,232810,8243675,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Tronting in the USA,"This seems like it might eventually be alright I guess, but mostly it feels like a dumbed down console version of the games that inspired it. I think Peter forgot how to make good games a while ago."
76561198010942175,Recommended,232810,8249161,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,TheKim,"Its a good game, but it is still in development so everything can change. Only bad thing is that there is a lot of clicking. Clicking to change the land, clicking to get ""points"" and clicking to get resources. But all in all, a good game to relax with."
76561198043264950,Not Recommended,232810,8721632,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,TeTTerling,"boring point and click, at least for the early access."
,Recommended,232810,8722203,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,aukujin,I love this game i got it yesterday and i been playing it alot i think everyone should get it
76561198053214410,Recommended,232810,8737517,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Norman Wisdom,Good game been hit badlty by critics you just ne pacients
76561198028009054,Not Recommended,232810,8659033,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,zxcvbrian,"It is a great way to occupy time, though the controls still need some work, and currently there is not a whole lot to do after you establish your towns.  Its a very low-key game, but I don't recommend it in its current build (as of Jan 11 2014)"
,Recommended,232810,8663771,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Benson,"""This is the greatest god game of all time"" -Peter Molyneux""I made this"" -Buddha"
,Not Recommended,232810,8680718,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Foxx Boxx,"Had fun for 7 hours building up my empire, terraforming the world, collecting cards, never got past the primitive age. And then my power went out mid-game and it erased my save and all attempts to restore it have failed. Needs a ♥♥♥♥ing save feature, is that so hard Devs?"
76561198014035904,Recommended,232810,8680741,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,West,"Ok so a lot of people taking shots at this game. I'd like to reassure some people that are actually somewhat considering getting the game.Probably the most mindless claim ive seen repeatedly made was that this game only involves ""just clicking"". So the f**k what? News flash people, 90% of computer based games is ""just clicking"". You wanna chop a tree in minecraft? *click click click click*.  You wanna select multiple pikemen in age of empires two? *click drag release click right click*. you got an enemy russian in your sights on bf3 and wanna gun him down? *click click click* or *click and hold if automatic weapon*. With the exceptionof racing games, every game has the bulk of its action placed into ""just clicking"". Its what the clicking does that counts.Another claim i saw was that it doesnt really compare to god based games/planet terraforming games of the past. one example i saw in a criticism was populous. first off, populous, in mind mind, was a masterpiece of that time, so if you compare it to that then yea, the game looks mediocre. but if you wanna be realistic about it, consider this: first off its in early access, not even a finished product. its gonna get polished on the way. second off, when was the last time u saw a game of this sort be released? been quite a while. so yea, for new blood on the market in this realm, its not the best but it is definitely holding of potential.The only real criticism i would say is accurate is that this has much more of a tablet style gaming or social media game app feel than an actual downloadable game. not to say that this makes the game suck, but that i think the developers would have had better luck putting the game into these platforms than what it is, but still, that doesnt discredit the whole game.I've been playing the game for a while, and for me, im satisfied. I bought it for the 50% off sale, ten bucks instead of twenty. would i recommend it at ten, probably. twenty? probably not. But from what i can see is that it is a game that is good so far, holds plenty of potential for further polishing and growth, and, though a bit overpriced once the sell ends, should have fans of games like populous somewhat, if not fairly well, satisfied.In its current state, id rate it at a C+ or a B-. If your a COD run and gunner, or a forza driving adrenaline junkie, then yea ul be disappointed. But for those who appreciate a slower paced terrain transformer and civilization crafter, Godus does alright."
76561198049317085,Not Recommended,232810,8688981,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Simio,"This game is really slow and boring, the controls suck, there is not much freedom like you would think there is in a game like this, its just resizing land and clicking on a banner so you can resize more land click more banners. Definitely not recommended.What a waste of 10 bucks..."
76561198023261268,Not Recommended,232810,8689263,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,AnarchyNeo,"In dire need of an update. If it does not receive one soon, I would recommend Steam pull the game."
76561198038032754,Not Recommended,232810,8689793,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Mieninja,Game is hella horrible. Got bored so quick and its just not what i expected like efrom the videos.
,Not Recommended,232810,8689810,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Rob,Farmville without the Farm or the Ville. Click for days.
76561197990963501,Recommended,232810,8690446,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,JollyJack,"""Godus"" is essentially ""Populous"" in shiny new clothing (and without the EA brand-of-bland the old title is now lumbered with).There are a few nods to the likes of ""The Settlers"" and ""Civilization"" with town construction and cultural advancement respectively.What appeals to me most about the game is the aesthetic. By intention or accident, it looks like a wooden toy, giving it a unique look and making the simple task of levelling out terrain for your little legion of followers to build upon a delightful time thief.If you’ve not played any of the old ""Populous"" games: you’re in for a treat. If you have: it’s like the return of an old friend."
,Not Recommended,232810,8690518,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,DubMeister,"I enjoyed it for some time but this game seriously is overkill with the clicking. I understand this game is still in development but until the next couple updates, and improvement to game mechanics, it's not worth paying for, even if it's on sale. In its current state, this game does not surpass anything but a demo that should be free."
,Recommended,232810,8691394,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Shardlake,"Very early days yet, your followers hardly do a thing without a click, certainly not Black and White/Populous from the same author, plays well and lots of new updates in the pipeline. I love God Sim type games, but at the moment you have to do everything for you followers, even clearing a plot to build on, you have to click a house to get them to come out and interact, I prefer my role to be invisible influence style, but reading the blogs from the developers, this game is going to be more that style, so keep watching this space :)"
76561197968371989,Not Recommended,232810,8691477,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,♛☢WeẞẞO☢♛ ツ 6ð   ҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉,This game is really BAD BAD BAD!!do yourself a favor and do not buy this game as it is worse than going to work...the game is seriously undeveloped and boring... if you want to play a game where you have power over little people why not play black and white... now that was a good game.i rate this game at... if i can 0- 10do yourself a favor and save your money
76561197996595222,Not Recommended,232810,8691568,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Homeinvasion,"no point, thetre is no actual game here, just watching their movie or something, no choice, no consequence no nothing, sp[am click for no effect. DONT BUY"
76561198122206898,Not Recommended,232810,8695641,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,CaptainNemo,"I had expectations for this game when I bought it. When I started to play it, it was alright, and then it got a little better. But after that, I got bored with it pretty fast. Theres not a lot of interaction besides clicking on houses, rocks, and trees. It's pretty pointless and just a time waster. I would like to see more depth in this game in future updates, but for right now, it is not worth your money or time."
,Not Recommended,232810,8700896,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Drive-Thru Brothel Attendee,Pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198009305075,Not Recommended,232810,22668371,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,INS Julius Khaldun,"It was interesting. Didn't quite understand the point at the time,  but I'm going to try it again soon."
76561198033709857,Not Recommended,232810,22716890,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,willdmahar,Crap
,Not Recommended,232810,22718730,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Aspen,It's not very good and it's still in early access 2 years later.
,Not Recommended,232810,22609340,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Paradigm,"What a train wreck. I played populous back in the day and was overjoyed to see this remake of such an excellent game, how utterly disgusted i was when it turned out to be this travesty of a game, to see how badly mishandled any level of production was. Then to see them remove it from the store and to add in Godus wars, which was meant to be a feature of Godus, you know the ability to actually fight or do much of anything in a meaningful fashion was just lunacy. Thanks Peter molyneux, I loved all your games while you were with Bullfrog and lionhead studios , but now that you have ultimate creative freedom, you seem to have gone off on too many tangents at once and paid the price for it. It's a sad day, but this game, and likely many things for a long time out of his 'studios' will be just as bad."
76561198037381961,Not Recommended,232810,22596049,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Shpooople,"Fun for the first couple hours, then meticulous and boring. Also, very undeveloped and growing very slowly. Plus 22cans is a greedy developer..."
,Not Recommended,232810,20912458,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,mrtoxopus,"This started out as a nice and relaxing game, but as it got updated it became messier as well. After the Astari update I found myself replaying this game for about 2 hrs, wondering what was different. I could forgive the fact that my safe was gone(that may happen with gamechanging updates), but not the fact that I started the game the very next day finding the Astari litterally burned my village to the ground. It was at this point they started destroying what could've been a great game. This turned into a messed up pile of random stuff no one likes and a waster of money."
76561197984397983,Not Recommended,232810,20910854,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Seloj,"This was really not worth the money I originally paid, promised alot, but nothing of it accomplished."
,Not Recommended,232810,20928345,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Howler,"What is steam doing about this, why is it even still available to buy? Where is my refund?"
76561197980925282,Not Recommended,232810,20965292,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,LordDarkHelmet,"Company took our money and left without finishing this game , DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON A GAME THAT WON""T BE FINISHED , Also Godus wars is on early access which proves my point and new game based off of godus which means it won't be finished so don't be fooled like all of us and buy into either game . You'll regret it unless ofcourse you try it for less then 2 hrs and get a refund that's up to you lol but it'll be a waste of time."
,Not Recommended,232810,20950516,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Chaos Lord,Why the balls did I buy this game again
76561198000032295,Not Recommended,232810,20950986,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,misterspidergod,"A textbook example of promise unfulfilled. Such potential, but so very, very squandered.Avoid this. Think about avoiding anything Peter Monyleux produces in the future."
76561197970947167,Not Recommended,232810,20951008,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,TrixeR,My only regret is that I ran this game for six hours and now I can't refund it.
,Not Recommended,232810,20953955,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Rare,"Godus is the biggest disappointment I have ever faced in gaming, beating out even StarForge, which made me more initially upset. When Peter Molyneux released Godus into Early Access two and a half years ago, I was hooked. I played a lot, hoping that in working through this severely-broken game (and losing my save once, and having to restart a few times after that because sometimes the beginning can't be beaten) I would find the god game I desired. It was difficult, and downright painful at times. ""Next update they'll come out with something,"" I said. ""Next update they'll come out with something.""In short, they never did.The release of Godus Wars is something I will certainly try, but given the current reviews, I highly doubt it is any different. Please do not pick up this game, and give this lie any more money. Maybe, one day, 22cans will learn integrity, and Peter Molyneux will confess hiscrimeand beg his ex-followers for forgiveness. Maybe they'll do right by us, eventually. Until that day, 22cans will not ever see a dime of my money, or a pleasant word from my keyboard.Don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,232810,20939633,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,TheBlackGloves,"Godus is pretty exciting and cool for the first   5 or 6 hours, then you ge really tired of clicking away the ground, waiting around for chest to find, and  you can't really ""Beat"" the game once you get to the last age, I think it just needs to be completed, as in,story wise. I like how they tried  to add a story with the story chest in a somewhat recent patch, but it keeps bugging out.they just need to add more ages all the way up to modern, or even past that.They could go to different areas with the boats, and it'll get more and more advanced everywere you go. That'd be alot of work ,but pretty cool.I think this game has a lot of potential, but i don't reccomend it right now on early access, or its not worth 19.99 or what ever euros it cost. Wait untill a steam sale comes."
,Not Recommended,232810,21012408,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Minecraft Hentai Gaming,Worst developers ever. Bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198049196174,Not Recommended,232810,20990568,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,shauneclifford3,"Doesnt work anymore.  Used to play fine, now doesnt work at all.  Dont buy untill its fixed"
,Not Recommended,232810,20991768,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Ashes2049,Unfinished cash grab.
,Not Recommended,232810,20976290,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Matsas11,Don't trust 22cans with any games. They seem to lack the ability to complete one game first before releasing one of the worst sequels I've seen
,Not Recommended,232810,20977226,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,a_big_favor,"Would you like a half done game that the developer has decided to make other half baked games?  Buy this or Godus War and be disapointed.  I believed in Peter Molyneux and this turd was my reward. Fool me once shame on you, Peter."
,Not Recommended,232810,20978346,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,J.S.Mosby,Will this game ever be complete? Seems like a no. Dont give Peter Molyneux any more money.
,Not Recommended,232810,11934459,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Squigler,"Review - for latest build 31st August 2014.It goes to show that making a game takes a long time, ambition takes time and trying to be groundbreaking takes time.Godus is claimed to be 51% completed, pretty much half finished. And playing it through, that's how it indeed currently feels. The design is great, vibe of the game so far is unique. My main issue at the moment is there's a confusion in terms of mobile and desktop platform. The desktop experience feels contrived and slow, time passes realtime so you're required to hop back behind your screen on time to make sure you don't lose half your population nullifying yesterdays two hour session.My advice, don't buy Godus now, but when it's ready. Enough people have invested time and money to see the developers get this project off the ground. In a way it's like hiring someone to make you an amusement park, and they'll let you go on the tracks that are pretty much strait, without the loops and corkscrews. Making it a very dull and tedious ride, only to get off with a promise it's going to be the most exciting experience in your life. Tomorrow. Or maybe the week after next. possibly next year.. Fingers crossed they get it done before we all lose interest, but don't waste your time on a half-baked product unless you get a kick out of actively helping them develop the game."
,Not Recommended,232810,10666005,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Rawr xD,boring as ♥♥♥♥ dont buy it its a waste of money i hate this game i want to eat it
,Not Recommended,232810,11605526,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,D1kay_0815,Progession of the game reverts as the developement goes on. I am not kidding since i can play less and less of the game update for update. Freezes or Bugs which affect the whole game resulting into resetting the whole game.
76561198014551346,Not Recommended,232810,12077672,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Beckums,"Just.. just don't play it. It was REALLY cool when it came out, and the updates just made it slide downhill. Don't touch this game."
,Recommended,232810,4410145,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,Uncle BirdsOwnAtParkour,"This game can be fun for an hour or two, however, be aware that the game does not represent the images provided, or the video shown, or the description given.  It is not a god game but a management game.  22cans does not appreciate or respect the steam community, we are second class clients not welcome on their official game forum.  Only kickstarters and devs are allowed on the official game forum.This game is not an actual pc game, but is being designed for eventual release as a mobile game.  Buildings in the game are designed to take more and more time to construct as you advance so you will eventually have to pay real money for gems in order to speed up construction."
,Recommended,232810,6131345,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Watto,Beautiful innovative design. Love it!
,Not Recommended,232810,10276220,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,[BH522] SuperVeloce,It sucks
76561198063210401,Not Recommended,232810,10276505,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Krow,"Godus is a (without exaggeration) dull and boring game with nothing interesting and a gameplay that is both confusing at times and extremely ingratiating all the time, for a PC game it expects you to do something with it then walk away for a few hours despite the fact it will then ask for your attention a moment later. What offends me most of all about this game is its tag-line 'The Regenesis of the Godgame' the reason this pisses me of so much is the fact that it is true for there are no other god games out there which is something I dream of and if it hasn't happened by the time I know how I will make my own to prove what a god game is actually. I am appalled about the fact that I bout the game. this game is not just an insult to the god game genre it is an insult to all games ever."
,Not Recommended,232810,10276774,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Antimatter13,"Still practically unplayable, even at this point of it's development. The game runs like it's being powered by a hamster in a wheel, and is prone to random crashes. And this is only if you can get the thing to load in the first place...Even if you do manage to get it to play for a while, there's nothing to do besides clicking houses to gain belief, and making more space for houses by flattening some terrain.THERE IS NO GAMEPLAY HERE!The game claims to be almost 50% done now, but I see little to no potential here for a finished product."
76561198106534375,Not Recommended,232810,10277422,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Hydra,Stupid ugly piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ not even worth f2p
,Not Recommended,232810,21441435,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,matt.,Well it'll never be finished will it.
76561197972627138,Not Recommended,232810,21429809,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Lasse Kongo,"This game is very good if you enjoy right-clicking, preferably on amphetamines."
76561198091113106,Not Recommended,232810,17272094,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Sdam Andler,the game wont load i sent a request to steam to refund cause its not fund but they said no so i bucked up and was gonna play the game a i hadent played for a long time but it didnt even load Thanks godus
76561198063118904,Not Recommended,232810,17272155,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Acez4200,"Feels unfinished, and far from what was initially promised."
76561197991648637,Not Recommended,232810,17251501,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Oteph,"Quite frankly, the worst PC game I have ever played. If I want to play Farmville I go to Facebook, and get the real thing. I did never regret buying a game until I bought this one. What a waste of time and money ...."
76561197988754792,Not Recommended,232810,17256561,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,[The right honorable] GoBLiN,Absolute nonsense.
76561197998420679,Not Recommended,232810,16671525,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Oni,very dissapointing. had so much potential but its too slow and too limited like a fat kid with a small throat
,Not Recommended,232810,16671956,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Amazium,"I had a lot of damn fun with this game but due to the halt in development i am still forced to vote for a no.The game is fun but it is not finished and i don't know if it ever will be.I still hope it will be finished, though."
76561198019435929,Not Recommended,232810,17381376,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Paramox,
76561198143027416,Not Recommended,232810,17340735,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,toadlyBroodle,"How about you take a little time to actually make the game playable on touch screen pcs, instead of adding ♥♥♥♥ing in-app purchases to the mobile for every ♥♥♥♥ing holiday!"
76561198037406019,Not Recommended,232810,16896135,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,lorin.atzberger,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. Both the programming and the design of the game are very poor.
76561198153513059,Not Recommended,232810,16901314,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Duke_Dream,"I spend 8 hours to beat this game with hacker tools.After this super fast game walkthrough.I think i can say.THIS GAME IS A PIECE OF GARBAGE.THIS GAME IS A PIECE OF GARBAGE.THIS GAME IS A PIECE OF GARBAGE.THIS GAME IS A PIECE OF GARBAGE.THIS GAME IS A PIECE OF GARBAGE.if you do not use hacker tool.The game is like playing game 20 mintues wait another 20 hours to gain the resource.Most important, Nothing change through this process.NOTHING CHANGED!!!!!"
76561198120715191,Not Recommended,232810,16908215,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Antonius420,"I find it frustrating that after starting the game and playing a bit; I tried starting a new world but now i am stuck. I can't make the humans do anything in the beggining because now i have all the stats and powers from before, in the beggining. Which makes the humans not go to any other area and not build more than one house, because they want weat that is now impossible to make.the start of the game was something akin too journey, yes that Journy. But then you try and you know... do stuff and the game either crashes or just dosen't respond.5/10 becuase of potencial but can't honestly reccomend a game that works only once like this one, and isn't either a trial or free demo."
,Not Recommended,232810,16908907,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Goat,Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥Enough said.
,Not Recommended,232810,16934726,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Cow,"This game used to be really fun. I'm not sure what happened. One day they completely changed the game so that you start out in a funnel and have to play the game in a weird linear way. The appealing part of the game originally was the open ended shaping of land and creating small villages wherever you liked, while building your god powers. Now it is simply a boring story you click through and often get stuck in spots early in the game."
,Recommended,232810,1856358,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,YadNi Monde,"If you are ancient enough to have played Populous and more recently Black and White, i totally recommend this New Peter Molyneux Game, you will feel at home, this is a soothing game, not yet finished but already really promissing, cant wait to reach space age =)"
76561198035384531,Not Recommended,232810,16891625,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,StayMagical,"In this game you supposed to be a god of a tribe. Instead, you are just a farmer who breeds mindless, helpless two-legged cattle. There is absolutely no social, economical, or political life in your herd. They don't breed, build, or grow anything without your command.Game is just another crappy farming time killer. All you do is gain followers, to clear more ground, to gain even more followers, to clear even more ground.To summarize - complete and utter failure of game design, would ask for a refund if steam allowed it."
,Not Recommended,232810,17394443,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,JmanDude99,I bought this game when it first came out...and I still have no F@#KING IDEA WHAT I'M SUPPOSED TO DO!!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!
,Not Recommended,232810,8679631,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Robi-Wan,"Update 27-8-2015:I used to be very enthusiastic about this game. Peter Molyneux ♥♥♥♥ed it up AGAIN. Don't buy it.------ OLD REVIEW OF JANUARY 2014, PLEASE IGNORE MY HOPE ------The basic mechanics of this game are in this early access god game. And first of all, it's a god game by Peter Molyneux. God game-gamers should instantly hear ""POPULOUS! BLACK & WHITE!"" now. And while this game is already pretty awesome, it will probably never come close to the original Molyneux title Black & White, the instant classic of 2001.You are being released as new god and able to build your own society and world. Sculpting your world to the exact shape you want it. And the idea of this is just brilliant. And you can sculpt it exactly to the shape you want it. The problem is though that the AI never wants it that way. You want to send your followers to a new sculpted location, but you'll have to make the layers exactly the way they want it, else they'll just be pointing and staring like ""LOL, ♥♥♥♥ U"".I do believe this is just the roughness of this beta, and hope this will be fixed in some of the newer builds.The gameplay is addicting, yet kind of boring too. It even feels sometimes a bit like a free to play game. And I really, really do hope this is just a feeling. You can buy certain things with gems, which you can mine. Now there is some button to go in a gem shop. It is not working as of now, but I really do not hope this 20 bucks game gets this gem shop feature. Besides that, building sometimes takes a lot of time, even sometimes in hours. You can speed this up with the gems. Again, I do hope they do not feature this free to play like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Besides that, again, the gameplay is addicting yet boring. It is fantastic to reach goals and create a huge world as you want it,But after a hell lot of hours you realize: now what? You can keep on doing the same riddle, but you really don't reach anything.Again, it is an early access beta. I do believe it will be updated to the fine shape it should have, but I still do not believe it will be as epic as Black & White. For instance, fighting another god is just nothing like in Black & White. While in Black & White you focus really at using your own godly powers to win, you just have to get a big population in here and let them fight. The same riddle really in the multiple objectives: get a big population and you win.So is it worth the 20 bucks (or in my case 10)? Hell yes. It's a god game as it should be. You're supporting them to update the game to a final shape. They say it is 40% of the final game as of now. Now time has learned we should not fully trust Molyneux, but this game is at a point it only can get better. And it should get better. A lot of features should still be added, and we shall see what these will be."
76561197976006193,Not Recommended,232810,18117973,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Checco,I have been playing computer games since the early 1980's.  This is easily the worst game I have ever played.  Any one of my old commodore games was better than this.  Disgraceful that they are still accepting people's money for this.
,Not Recommended,232810,18132228,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,stoff,Very dissapointed two years after backing this game. Will not be buying a game Molyneux has anything to do with again.
,Recommended,232810,18138043,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Booqueefious,this game is very fun it just takes a lot of patience
,Not Recommended,232810,7301741,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,SickTag,"This game has pretty much been abandoned by its developer.  They tried to make a new Populous, but failed.  They would have just been better off making Populous all over again instead of this game.  Ended up being a waster of money.  Also to collect faith they have you clock on bubbles over and over and over as they appear.  This can lead to wrist and hand problems, as you have to click hundreds of times to get enough faith to do anything."
76561198078883528,Not Recommended,232810,18112601,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Hata,My fişrst and probably only game review anywhere. This is a SCAM!!!
,Recommended,232810,18111465,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,pizzaslut69,"Yes, this is an early access game. Yes, you should be wary of that fact. But I’m going to play Devil’s advocate for once.I bought Godus a few years ago without knowing anything about Mr. Molyneux or the “early access scandal.” But to be honest I’m now glad that I didn’t know. I genuinely enjoy playing Godus. I think that from the very start this game was promising, especially from a self-professed terraforming maniac like myself. This game is borderline therapeutic for me and I often find myself making up lore in my head for my perfectly molded little world. You will be taking care of your little villagers and growing a huge world for them to live in. You will lead them to literally greener pastures and defend them from the rebel Astari tribe as you expand your lands. I love that you can find cute little stickers in chests hidden underground and scattered across the world to use on cards unlocked by reaching certain milestones. Rain brings you a few new stickers each time so there is a steady challenge. Overall, I think if you enjoy god games you will enjoy this game! I have put my money and faith in Godus, and I am not disappointed."
76561197984956850,Recommended,232810,18100367,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,The_Stimulant,Will this ever come out?
,Not Recommended,232810,18151728,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,BeautifulParadoxes,It crashes on the Mac OS almost constantly. Can only play this game 3 out of every 10 attempts to play it.
76561198012014187,Not Recommended,232810,18214598,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,pieffe8,"There is no way I could recommend an incomplete, uninspired game such as Godus. And this is after having been in early access for 2-3 years. There has been a turnover in the development lead (Peter Molyneux) with a lot of protests. My only recommendation is: don't buy it now, and come back when (if?) it goes out of early access."
76561198097393235,Recommended,232810,18206544,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,canislupus,"i've played this game so much, and after a while I finally rebuild the ark, and let me tell you this: if you enjoy godgames and have enough pacients this is the game for you.+cool upgrades+sculpting the land+exploring the new land (the one you reach by building the ark)+winning those weird people+cool city designs and mechanics-sometimes the followers are really dumb-the adventure/puzzel mode is kinda repetitive(ideas)1.new ways of getting houses (fishing, other crops, livestock2.other races (like the first version)3.other nations then the weird mask people4.new city kinds like a trading city at the ocean with docks and trading options with other friendly races/nations. e.g. iron for crops5.maybe an more pro and cons for the options of overtaking a maskpeople city. e.g. if you're being friends with them you could trade with them or if you destroy the city you could get slaves to work for you in mines (maybe not that kid friendly though"
76561198025389091,Not Recommended,232810,20382250,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Aeryn Ryker,"This game has crashed 10 times in a half hour. It is slow. it is borning. It is a mindless clicker, which is great if it would simply work. But it doesnt. Save your money."
,Recommended,232810,7373587,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Vezerin,"Very fun game, however it is in beta. you play as a god with the ability to shape the land, constantly expanding. pay attention to your surroundings when you leave the main island, treasure will have floating confetti. there are bot-battles when you get to the mainland at the big temple thing. the game still reacts to time even when turned off, so if a building takes an hour to make, close out the window [game crashes when it closes so don't worry you don't loose progress] and after an hour it will be complete. it will become a bit annoying to carve through [or over] the mountains but it is worth it.Have Fun"
76561198030572540,Not Recommended,232810,20414593,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,michael.harris918,"The most exciting thing about this godawful travesty to have developed in the past year was the equally godawful travesty of a mobile game based on what looked extraordinarily promising when first pitched. I'm generally in the ""things can't really be so bad as the internet mob says"", but everything you've read about this game being a waste of your money is absolutely true. Stay away. Stay away at all costs."
76561198127127790,Not Recommended,232810,16061854,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,iulian_barascu,"Is it a decent game? Yes.Is it a good game? ... Kind of.Will it be a good game? Maybe.Is it anything like what it was supposed to be? Nope!Here's the thing... the game isn't actually that bad. The thousands of angry reviews are mostly from people who wanted the game to be better than the flatten land, inspire builders, collect belief, repeat type of thing that it is. If that's your kind of thing, than go ahead and give the developers some money, but I rather say you wait for now. I've played way too much of this game to be confident in what I'm saying, but I do think that, if Peter actually gave a damn about the players, then this could be an enjoyable experience, but for now, until they introduce multiplayer, livestock... basically anymore features than sculpt, inspire, collect, you shouldn't buy it."
76561197972109137,Not Recommended,232810,20420544,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Mickc,"They've made no real progress on the game and i've been part of it since it first had early access on steam, and every time they update hell every time i try to play the game it loads a new game. I WANT TO PLAY MY SAVED land not new game i cant stand your tutorials. I've played the game before let me play not force me to listen to your dull witted thoughts and idea of how to play I know how to play."
76561198059892163,Not Recommended,232810,13751679,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,vincentlocas,"Being a God has never made me feel so powerless.  I mean, I'm a God but I can only move a small bit of dirt everyday. I need to wait for my powers to build up. I need to wait a lot just to move dirt. Just to be able to click, click click click click click ... click click click... Really? Has anyone ever played Sim City 4? How long does it take to create a mountain in SC4? A couple of seconds I'd say. That's how it should feel to be a God. No click click lcick click..."
76561198052644530,Not Recommended,232810,9125200,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Ikobotkran,No updates 2 mounth already! How to return my money?
,Recommended,232810,8688905,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Impetus,"Great entry into this series and I'm glad a new one has come about in the form of Godus. So much potential.I know you guys know it, but I have to mention. In your sweet director's commentary you have some audio background issues like sneezing, coughing, dropping stuff / moving chair ect. Otherwise it's like listening to two Wheatleys from Portal 2 as I decide what kind of god I will be."
76561198090940146,Not Recommended,232810,10815869,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,DieHardAmericans,...
76561198028606212,Not Recommended,232810,20520364,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Razeredge,"Its a scam at this point. I can't refund my money because steam, much like the devs for this game, is not interested in any kind of fair consumer practice. 3 YEARS of early access later, and less then half a game is done, and no word on what's happening or why. Do not buy this game. If someone offers to buy you this game, decline them as its not worth your bandwidth or time to download and try."
,Not Recommended,232810,20476220,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,_nilCat,You'll feel like being a god ruled by the game's rules.
76561197962036869,Not Recommended,232810,20501265,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,thexhitman,DO NOT BUY.  has been abandoned. stay awaymy fault for buying a early access game. its just like gambling.will never buy early access again after day z and godus.because why finish a game that already made them a♥♥♥♥♥♥tonne of money already.
76561198014895998,Not Recommended,232810,20492975,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,goov,"all I can say is wow, and NOT in a good way at all!"
76561198022365121,Not Recommended,232810,20594592,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,The Field Marshal,"Dont waist your money, even if it's on sale."
76561198007469036,Not Recommended,232810,20574969,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Daedalus,"Traitors, the lot of them!!"
76561197970258858,Not Recommended,232810,20553448,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Nikushimi,This crap is not even worth a review. Avoid
76561198072222288,Not Recommended,232810,20617426,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,jalembke,"I have to say I initially enjoyed this game quite a bit, yet with some of the more recent updates the new features made the game far less enjoyable.  That added with the game performance and what seems to be random crashes makes me hesitate to recommend this one.Great idea, poor execution"
,Not Recommended,232810,20615313,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Redgodzilla,"♥♥♥♥ the devs, If I ever meet them in real life, i swear to ♥♥♥♥ I will kill them.They are human trash, making a half finished game, selling it for full price so they can ""work on it more"" then taking off with the moneyPlease, if you are even thinking about getting this game, just go take the $21.99CAD and flush it down a toliet, it would be a far better use of money"
76561197976761722,Recommended,232810,729431,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,HairyMary,I originally wrote a review for this 11 zillion years ago when the game was still in its infancy. It has grown quite a bit since then and having not played it in all that time coming back to it was a pleasant surprise.The game in its current form is rather engaging. If you enjoy the sort of startegy game where you have to hoard resources for weeks and then make choices about which development you'll spend those resources on then you'll be happily side tracked by this for many long hours.I know a lot of people are upset by its slow pace (and the absence of developer updates) but I like this game and you could do far worse thanbuy it and give it a go.The new in game tutorial / commentary was a nice touch by the way.
76561198076288561,Not Recommended,232810,17861964,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Eldarion,Peter Molyneux ... never more
76561198022501206,Not Recommended,232810,14585638,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Ched,"This is a terrible game and it should not be purchased. By buying this game you would be paying $20 for the chance to be taken advantage of by its ""freemium"" mobile game mechanics."
,Not Recommended,232810,15859800,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,pencil mike,"Bought it a few weeks after it was first released on Early Access. I found it pretty entertaining and the future content seemed promising. However, as I revisited it a few months ago, everything seemed to have a taken a downward spiral. Somehow there was LESS content, the game was vaguely confusing and I felt like I didn't have as much freedom as before. Now, Godus has been released to mobile and it seems as if this PC version was tossed into the back of the old closet."
,Not Recommended,232810,15862884,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Renevatia,"Utter crap, not even slightly comparable to Populous. And even looks worse than CoC tbh at this point..."
76561198011701791,Not Recommended,232810,16270626,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Pertanex,"Have had this game for a long time, and the updates still dont make it fun."
,Not Recommended,232810,16272448,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Amir_Ban,abandonware
76561198030997698,Not Recommended,232810,16397505,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,khalid.nass,I like this game. I really do. It's just that there is so... little. It feels like there should be more.This game used to show promise.
76561198014701844,Not Recommended,232810,16347696,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,MrNiceGuy,This masterpiece of crappy little♥♥♥♥♥♥from Mr. Peter dissapointed me. This guy should be ashamed. I regret buying that R.I.P. peter never gonna buy anythin from ya screw u
,Not Recommended,232810,16280748,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,xeridium,False Advertising. Nuff said
,Not Recommended,232810,14580153,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Schulz,"Dear Peter Molyneux....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,232810,13510384,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Aquila Iovis,"I personally think this game promised me way more than I became in the end. In my opinion it's a ""Black & White"" ripoff, and doesn't deserve a positive review of me. Overhyped!"
76561197998652859,Recommended,232810,1838217,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,RainbowBrite,Highly addictive!
,Recommended,232810,833830,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,.Koriggan><°+<,Ca me rappelle ce bon vieux Populous. :)
,Not Recommended,232810,5227249,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,[FLOT] Frawley6,this game had promise at first but it has turned into a really big let down.
76561198053342976,Not Recommended,232810,16124128,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Met4lhe4d216,This game feels kinda clunky but is a good time waster. Wouldn't recommend sinking the money into it
,Not Recommended,232810,15816712,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Flippin117,I purchased this game over a year ago. It's doubtful that it will ever be out of early access. Less than 10 hours played in OVER a year says it all. Be wary when purchasing this game.
76561198092204669,Not Recommended,232810,12225310,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,CybOrb,What a load of♥♥♥♥♥♥!Nothing like you said it would be like.cant see it ever being anything close to what you said ether..Yet again another FAIL from Peter!!Talks the talk but cant deliver on his big words as always..Last time i ever bother to read anything he has to say about games again..WHAT A LOSER AND a CON!!PILE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥WE GOT RIPPED OFF AGAIN
76561198007378855,Not Recommended,232810,15982832,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Jim Jong Marc,"Possibly the slowest game ever made, or half made."
76561198031231015,Not Recommended,232810,9736101,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,spdrcr70x,"OMG the bugs, 1st advertised as a full game, and it's not, it's so vague, followers got lost for ever, crashes my computer every 20 minutes, and every time you quit the game, this should have been a free beta with the condition it's in i got robbed"
,Not Recommended,232810,16006068,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,DaemonReaeper,"I had a lot of hope for this game, and at first had fun with this game, but the game quickly shows that the only thing you do is that you collect faith by clicking on homes. Promises that more features will come have been made, but when questioned any further, the dev's responses have been, ""Have faith."" Sadly, this faith can't be collected."
76561198065477709,Not Recommended,232810,16006901,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,justincredible667,Once it was ported to cell phones it was over.
,Not Recommended,232810,8703691,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Alchymaera,"Not impressed.I admit that I only played an hour, but I think that within an hour, a game should interest the player. This, unfortunately, did not impress me. I know it's only a beta, and a lot can still happen, so take this review with a grain of salt, I'm merely sharing my own experience with the hour I played this beta.It was only buttonmashing and dragging, followed by a bit of waiting - after I went through some confusion. I don't like it when games hold your hand and practically plays something for you, but there should at least be something to tell me what I was to do. When I only had two followers, they went to build a house... and.. then... what? I sat there waiting for a while and nothing happened. Clicked the house multiple times. Maybe it was a bug. But regardless, absolutely nothing happened until I dragged some earth into the house and destroyed it. Then they went to build two houses instead and I guess my population slowly went up from there.I'm still not sure what the game wanted me to do at that moment (just wait?) but destroying their home apparently made them multiply, so I got that going for me.The rest of the time I simply spent dragging layers of dirt so there was space enough for the multiplying followers to build whichever homes they seemed to want. I'm not sure how much influence I had on what type of home they built, but I've not been aware of it at least - except I think that if I made a bigger area available they'd maybe build a larger home instead of two small houses.Maybe I played it all wrong and there was a lot more features available to me than I found out, but I think that after an hour, that might really be the games' fault for not informing me of my abilities. I've clicked this and that, and only ever really managed to destroy some trees, stones, sculpt the ground, place a totem (which didn't seem to do much), kill a wolf, and collect a bunch of cards. Most of the time though I spent waiting for those countdowns above the houses to hit zero so the followers would build another home.Overall, the game in its current state is not something I'd personally recommend.I hear there's a lot more later, including battles, but.. sorry, the first hour should be what draws a player in, even if the game is better later. At least that's my viewpoint."
,Not Recommended,232810,8703776,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Super Awesome Beef Stick,It's easy to have pie-in-the-sky dreams when you're looking up from the gutter. Don't waste your time or money until there is actually a game to play.
,Not Recommended,232810,8704027,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Chiptendo,"Right now I would NOT reccomend this game. It has potential, but with no updates seen in sight from what I've read, it's not worth the 19.99 it's put up for. I was lucky enough to get it for 9.99. But like the others say, this game is a constant click grind that would have been 10x more successful as a mobile app. I am looking foward to the future updates though. The ""Space age"" in particualr. They'll have to do a lot of balancing when they decide to release multiplayer pvp for cards. On another note, this game would have been more worth it if they added multiplayer chat rooms *etc instead of the ""xx Amie xx"" bot. Save yourself the money until the full release, or at least until it's on sale again. It would be great if they charged a cheaper ammount for early access games. maby charge bassed on current completion of the game?"
,Recommended,232810,8704643,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Wiguan,"I love the game. Though not as good as other simulation game, the idea is fun to play.It could be better if the villagers doesn't stay in the house but do their daily life activities just like in SimCity (2013).Well that's another game."
76561197976103490,Not Recommended,232810,8704782,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,KITTYPHILE,Too much clicking...
76561198068834805,Not Recommended,232810,8709412,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Ryuzaki,Not much in this game. Got bored pretty quick.
76561198076873498,Recommended,232810,8710673,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,R3d0tt3r,"A really fun and addicting game. It starts out as a small sandbox game, but pushes the boundries until you are taking your people to fight other ""gods""."
76561198053485571,Not Recommended,232810,8288311,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Felledor,"4/10So, this a game about being a God?I'd say go play one of Peter Molyneux's older games. This game was built around the premise of mobility and being able to lay from say, your Ipad. That isn't here right now. Neither is the ""over god"" or the massively-multiplayer-Planet-the-Size-of-Jupiter or something like that.This game is nowhere near finished. It's playable as is, yes, but far far too many of the features that sold me on this game simply aren't there.On the bright side, the graphics are lovely, the concept is interesting, and the features that are there work and work well.I suggest, If you do want to buy this game, wait a while until more Features become available, as is, the powers are meh, the gameplay is far far to much clicking, and the mechanics seem too much like a Facebook game. Plus, at this point, every update breaks all your progress and forces you to rebuild your settlements and houses. Not worth it at this point."
,Recommended,232810,8289674,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Cheeseburger,"This game has alot of potential, as i write this review it is yet to be completed, but so far it is pretty impressive what they have achieved. looking forward to playing the finished product. worth a look at, and im guessing when its done, your money too."
,Recommended,232810,8292631,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Small Lebowski,♥♥♥♥ing fun. A little slow to start but once you get going it's excellent.
76561198055725633,Recommended,232810,8293746,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Zashta,"I have fallen hopelessly in love with this game.  I have seen all of the terrible reviews and all of the youtube videos but to play it myself was my own experience.  If you can't take time to build, don't play, if you aren't patient with yourself or your abilities to sculpt an entire civilization from scrap, don't play, and if you are playing for a full game when this is only just a beta, leave your reviews elsewhere, seriously.  It was very easy to catch onto and of course you have to work for your godly abilities, otherwise what's the point?Do I recommend this game? Mostly for the patient and the artistic, but others can play too if you just sit back and plan accordingly. The only similiar aspect of this and a ""Facebook game"" is the waiting for belief (money for god powers) to pile up over time. Otherwise there are no others. BE PATIENT with the game.Personally I love this game in its beta form, of course their are some pieces they need to pick up, hell it's expected, but I love it so far and cannot wait for the finished product."
76561198042927833,Not Recommended,232810,8297404,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Jedithone,"The game design may focus on the playability of different platforms, especially mobile like handheld device, a bit too much that the game is too repetitive. Since this is still an early access game, the game flow is not smooth as i like. it must be enhanced and polished before released but it has potential. keep an eye on it"
,Recommended,232810,8310691,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,notandy,A great start. I can't wait to see where it goes.
,Not Recommended,232810,8314872,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Punkboyleech,"At it's current stage, I would have to say this game falls short of providing much in the way of intriguing gameplay.  It requires way to much clicking to progress, I had much more fun with Castleville back when I played that than I do when I attempted to progress in this.  Until it gets further developed, the point of the game is to click on rocks a lot to get extra believe, click on trees a lot to get extra belief, click on land a lot to raise or lower it, click on houses to get believe, click on chests to find resources, click on ruined shrines to re-build them and possibly get more land to click on...  PvP is a matter of how fast you can click and what you click.If I wanted a clicking game I would suggest looking into the famed farmville or any other facebook game, if/once they add other features besides constant clicking, it could possibly be fun... but until then, I highly recommend you DO NOT purchase ""early access"" to this ""game""."
76561198028723255,Recommended,232810,8349878,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Pinkeeee,Fantastic game!
,Recommended,232810,8373049,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Danoli3,Really interesting gameplay!
,Not Recommended,232810,14520020,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,SynysterMayhem,"Waste of money. And Peter Molyneux is the biggest jerk I have heard of in a long time in the video game industry.  Makes a ton of promises, is given the money to follow through, and then puts said money in his wallet and walks away. Seriously!? I saw some negative reviews for this game and still got it anyway, because it was an interesting design.  The design sounded good, the game sucked. It is not even remotely close to being worth 20 dollars.  I don't think I'd have bought it for 5 knowing what I know now.  Screw you Peter Molyneux, I hope karma gets you back you prick."
,Not Recommended,232810,14521369,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Ship,"Not even bad games have a seen a mostly negative feed back. The game is great for the first bit, but then you hit a wall when you relize that theres nothing more being added. Its a early access game that has almost no development on it. Putting money into this is just a bad investment.The game has no real development team, now counting 2 people in total, and alot of the features said to be released never came. Do yourself a favor, dont support this game."
,Not Recommended,232810,12452193,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,cheaglebirddog,"What a waste of money. This game should be on mobile only in it's current state. The timers in the game are horrible as is the pathing ai, useless stickers and belief clicking. At first this game was somewhat enjoyable but now it is just a waste of time, and its not even fun to play. Stay away from this ""game"" at all cost."
,Not Recommended,232810,7155848,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,raize208,.
76561197992494675,Not Recommended,232810,1382288,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,Dantalion,"At 40% of the game completion status:  Very boring and easy. GODUS felt for me like ""There is no real content here so why don't you just click on things with increasing speed, doing some repetitive stuff over and over again while watching at some pop up cards and your people evolving from your repetitive actions wich do not really involve them doing anything else but building houses and reproducing on your command eeeh click, until your fingers break and fall off"". Feels more like an Android / Iphone game.Edit:One year later now, and I still can't really recommend it. But it has improved!At least you don't have to click that much anymore. And there is some content and game progress.The Interface got better and managing your people is much easier now. And you can influence your people in different ways!The devs have improved a lot. I would give it a neutral rating, but sadly it doesn't exist on steam.I think that the current Version of the game could be liked by some people."
76561198012019849,Not Recommended,232810,10485875,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,The Akrab,"I haven't gotten into the game since the latest patch. I can't be arsed. There are so many needless tutorials you need to go through before you can ""play"" the game, it's the only thing I didn't like about Black & White. Except Black & White was worth going through the tutorials for. This game has twice, if not three times the lengthy, non-skipable tutorials and very little content to show for it.As a matter of fact, the game is so simplistic they made it an app for phones. The app is almost identical to the PC version. I am a huge fan of Populous and Black & White, so the rumor of a new god game caught my ear quickly. I  truely wish I had never heard about this game."
,Not Recommended,232810,14590937,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Tildja,I wouldnt touch this game with a stick... IT'S♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198058672767,Not Recommended,232810,7710672,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,framostamana1,"Dont waste your time on this game right now its not worth it, wait for finished game.Dont buy this game! Its not worth it.Не покупайте эту дрянь, сейчас это не игра, пока разработчики не сделают из этой кучи ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥а игру не советую смотреть на нее.update. february 2015, game is still the same as it was.edit:Uninstalled until PM will really hear us!1. Remove lemmings.2. Remove stickers, give people resource gathering and collection!3. I dont feel like im god, if feel like im babysitter.4. Timers must decrease signifficantly, i dont want to wait 24 horus for shrines to build, its boooring!5. Chest grinding is booooring, let people dig for chest to get RESOURCES not STICKERS!"
76561197994690804,Not Recommended,232810,14404977,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,aaronj,"Listen, there's no other way to put this: this game is a mess.It is trying to be too many different things and failing to be fun or even compelling.In addition, purchasing this game means giving financial support to a company that has lied to make money. It's important that they not profit from this."
,Not Recommended,232810,14405089,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,"Lobsters, WHOA!","22Cans ( under dictation of Molyneux ) , has basically abandoned any hope of making this game what Molyneux was touting on the original Kickstarter page. Also, the current product produced from this venture is an un-fun mess of attempting to realize the vision in absurd ways, and trying to backtrack on attempts suck more money ( they rolled back plans for ingame purchases ). Their key community manager who relays plans for the future of the game has confirmed that the team is fully abandoning the original kickstarter plans to attempt to make some semblance of a playable / fun game.Molyneux is now touting a new project and referring to Godus entirely in the past tense.. so its safe to say this 'Early Access' game will die in early access.Its also safe to say that I will sadly never support anything Molyneux produces again."
76561197976654800,Not Recommended,232810,14405770,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Sir Malicious,The game devs have begun speaking of Godus in the past tense and have expressed their complete lack of faith in or intention to follow through on their kick starter promises. The man behind it all has moved onto another project. To me this is the epitome of a hype parade masking a sad cash grab and abuse of kickstarter / early access investors. The game itself is far from finished and is sounding less and less likely to ever deliver. I would advise against purchasing this or any future early access titles from these guys.
76561198013242117,Not Recommended,232810,14407762,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,general d,"so much hype followed by so much failure.don't let nostalgia win, give this a wide berth"
,Not Recommended,232810,13245486,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Dude,Molyneux being Molyneux.
76561198041456493,Not Recommended,232810,14409560,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Borjas,"I've been following its development for quite some time, hence the hours put into the game. I believed this was a potential masterpiece in the God & Simulation game genres when I first saw it, especially given Molyneux's (the designer) previous acclaims and accomplishments. My disappointment today, however, is far from being based on previous expectations. So far, development has been very slow and with no apparent vision. At this point, I have to say I'm doubtful the PC version will ever be finished. The game as it stands is simplistic, unfinished, tedious, pointless and logically flawed. I have no choice but to consider a review as the product stands because it has been too long for too little. Skepticism is almost undeniable after seeing that no news has been given since before Christmas, official forums have been down for unknown reasons, promises have been broken, information was, in fact, misinformation. This type of performance is far from professional. The sad part is that, technically, this game still has potential. Now there is talk about another game called The Trial (?) Seriously, what the hell is going on? (refer to this article :http://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2015/02/09/oh-godus-what-the-hells-going-on/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+rockpapershotgun%2Fsteam+%28Rock%2C+Paper%2C+Shotgun%3A+Steam+RSS%29)"
76561198007702924,Not Recommended,232810,14409680,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Imaginary Gary SG_GS,Do not buy this game it was abandoned
76561198065729186,Not Recommended,232810,8077351,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,MsWannabeGamer,"So apparently this game will not be finished. How predictable. I previously would have recommended this game, because I had hopes that it would be completed. But honestly, don't buy this crap. It's buggy as ♥♥♥♥ and you will be highly disappointed when you play it for a few days and suddenly can't progress."
76561198118296203,Not Recommended,232810,14440137,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,toomanynouns,"I tried to load it up play and see if it is any better/worse than when I first made the mistake of buying it. It never actually managed to get off the loading screen, which was probably for the best anyway."
76561197998093063,Not Recommended,232810,14410810,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Ezdezd,"At this point, do NOT buy this game.  The dev has all but announced that they are working on other projects and Godus is dead in the water."
76561198010335899,Not Recommended,232810,14449180,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,The incredible cat,.... good game?notBad game.
,Not Recommended,232810,15960532,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Prince Tulip,what was i thinking?
76561198067508845,Not Recommended,232810,6495554,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,[YT] Mr.BananaGod,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IT SUCKS AND IS A WASTE OF MONEY/TIME
76561197994955457,Not Recommended,232810,12258166,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,jalps,"Strangely compelling but far too restrictive, slow, and ultimately not the game I wished it to be"
,Not Recommended,232810,13751507,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Social Media Influencer,:(
76561198001036065,Not Recommended,232810,13672103,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,James Brenton,"Terrible, since i am actually unable to play the game!!I thought i would buy this game as it was in the sale and it looked interesting despite what reviewers on steam had said about the title.Yet when i go to play the game it just doesn't work.The company logo appears, the game freezes, screen goes black and just doesn't work, this is absolutely appauling!!I re-verified the games files, restarted my PC and still nothing, its a complete joke!!"
76561198068037256,Recommended,232810,13690379,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,AgentSky,"there is so much potential to this game, currently its seating on the tip of the moutain, 1 wrong move by the developer, the game could become rubbish"
,Not Recommended,232810,13766784,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Skempoz,"Here's my issue with Godus -- when I first played it, I assumed it would be designed for the PC. After all, I paid for it. But when I played the game recently, it felt an awful lot like a mobile game, to the point where I could tell they were using free-to-play mechanics without the benefit of at least paying for speed-ups as I waited for things. It drove me nuts, so I checked on the app store on my iphone and lo and behold, there it was. And guess what, it's a free-to-play. Not cool.Also, boring."
76561198115713729,Not Recommended,232810,13768534,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Frogis,realy the video makes it seem much better than it is honestly i want my money back
76561197971632278,Not Recommended,232810,13760153,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Pyr0,"Terrible game, DO NOT BUY IT   :("
76561198112708086,Not Recommended,232810,13498965,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ViolateMyBehind,Godus now crashes on startup. Waste of money.
,Not Recommended,232810,13500531,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Sapiodon,"My ONLY and by far biggest mistake in the world of early access.Save yourself frustration, sycophantic dev tweets, sub-par updates, lies and dont waste your money.Im more angry at myself for buying into this than anything else.Google it and all you will find is''Peter Molyneux apologised for Godus again''and''blaming the pressures of the game’s high profile crowdfunding campaign for its failings.''This guy failed at making a game. I feel robbed."
76561198088205252,Not Recommended,232810,15157322,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,DamnedWhaleDicks,"This game has great promise, and has come a long way from when I first got it, but I would recommend waiting a tad longer for any potential buyers. As said, it has gotten better, but still isn't the full product that was kickstarted oh so long ago. Which sucks. But what can ya do"
,Not Recommended,232810,8682094,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,lil boat,"All and all, this really just feels like a point and clicking game. I'd wait until the full release of this game."
76561197997029275,Not Recommended,232810,11647899,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,standbob,"Incredibly disappointed in the lack of ethics and lack of integrity from Peter Molyneux and the team at 22 cans.  This is a mobile game compiled for PC and Mac.  Most core systems are designed around free to play mechanics and loosely patched over on non mobile platforms.  There are nebulous claims around listening to feedback and a miracle ""sprint"" that will fix the basic design flaws.  Stay away."
,Not Recommended,232810,11649185,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,iZaphod,"the voyages are extrmely dissaponing, mulitple program crashes, i am no loger able to alter my civ without kiling them off...................................Good bye godus.Peter, you need to, walk away, right now, at this point, and see if the designers and devolpers can save this from you. It could work."
76561198027849542,Not Recommended,232810,11623366,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,cbwjm,"Starting to get better, It is still only an estimated 50% through development so I expect it to further improve.My main problem is that it is a little too time based. I tend to only jump on and play 10-15 minutes before leaving it for a few hours since I run into a brick wall and am unable to do anything while waiting for resources to replenish."
,Not Recommended,232810,11652450,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Sposschip,"If you like to wait and stare at your screen, this game is ideal for you. The developers created a game in which your corebusiness is... waiting. Waiting for belief to gather, waiting for followers to be born, waiting for buildings to be build. 90% Of this game is juist waiting. Some actions even require you to wait for more than a day!Don't get me wrong: I realy like the concept of the game, but gameplaymechanics are just not balanced right now. Altough I do not recommend the game at this moment, i'm eager to see what the future will bring. It's an Early Access game after all."
,Recommended,232810,10687725,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,williamfuxa,great game
76561198001360819,Not Recommended,232810,10690487,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,S P O O K Y,"Peter Molyneux is a lying hack that gains life force off of the lies he tells, and the tears of those he fools. I am one of those fools."
76561198088650753,Recommended,232810,10789369,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,mom,how do u restart the game.
,Not Recommended,232810,10905187,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Eternal Avalon,"The game used to be good until the latest patch. Yeah they sorted out some of the bugs, but they also chucked a few new ones in. And now the game is unplayable. They waited until AFTER I'd built houses in higher areas to decide they wanted to make higher areas unlockable. Now I have houses in places I can no longer build on. And the only way to unlock this stuff is to get stickers. I've run out of chests so I can only get them by playing the stupid minigame. But even they won't be enough. I can't unlock anything, it's completely unenjoyable now."
76561197971679908,Not Recommended,232810,10618212,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mandamon,"Might be decent in a year or so, once Molyneux figures out what he's doing with it."
,Recommended,232810,10807642,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,A Tiny Shrubbery,So much fun to be had in this game.
,Not Recommended,232810,10813657,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,NorthPM,"the game is nothing like the videos show. early access, i thought it had potential, but seems to have gotten worse with the few updates i've seen."
76561198081410167,Not Recommended,232810,12230427,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Fotard2002,"i thought that this would be way different from the app. but to my regret its not. its a phone based game that they made into a game for the PC. so u have to wait rediculous amounts of time to build anything, or even get through the world. i wished it would have been a lot better than it was."
,Not Recommended,232810,7954374,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Znurf,"Waay too much clicking (homes and woods), and it takes HOURS to build homes (according to the build-countdown timer on each house atleast) once you start to upgrade homes after a few hours of gameplay. No they need to rethink. In my opinion they cant make a game that works well for both PC and Mobile devices, choose one and stick to it.Also the land-scupting is too slow.And you cant scuplt it ""far enough"" per ""click"", however that might be an upgrade later in the game"
,Not Recommended,232810,12444275,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,motivator,"I found the game very engaging and played the beta for almost 10 hours.  Unfortunately, one of the downsides of playing a beta is that the game was updated and my effort was reset.  Both my progress and interest were lost."
,Not Recommended,232810,12225814,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,SmileR,"Do you like mobile gaming or perhaps have a deep rooted desire for offline progression? Well Godus is (currently) for you!With a gem system and gameplay elements directly ported from the mobile market this game is a far cry from Molyneux's god game classics. Godus plays in short bursts for each session before you run out of things to do, which will last around 20 minutes (providing you can make your belief last that long) and then you'll go offline to allow your reserves to build up so you can progress a little further.  Alternatively you can sacrifice your population to then ""buy"" belief using the pay to win mechanic.If you're looking for a little piece of Bullfrog and expecting a new Populus you'll be left feeling empty and disappointed by this convulated mess of mobile meets pc gaming."
76561198056970658,Not Recommended,232810,8691341,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Spock,"To save you some reading and the biggest reason this game is a big NO from nearly everyone...Its FREE TO PLAY ON MOBILE. DONT BUY IT. Go download it on your iphone when its released.Well I figured I'd update this since 1 or 2 patches have come out since I wrote my first review of this game. We'll start with the one positive thing I have to say about it.They changed the landscaping to where it doesnt require as much clicking. Thats it. That is literally the only positive thing I can say about the so called on going development of this game. Now you can be bored and frustrated for a lot longer!On a serious note and why my review is still bad for this game.I have bought a few Early Access titles. I have no problem with Early Access, I think its awesome if the devs keep to what they say they are going to do. At the very least communicate with you. The devs are extremely bad at communication. During the kickstarter and even on the Godus store page it says that they want the community to be involved in the development and want their input so that they can make Godus the best it can be. MANY people have put forth great suggestion which they just ignore. They completely ignore the community. They have a couple of people that come and reply to what people say but its nothing that could really be considered an update or helpful.Now the worst of the worst. They had a kickstarter and they got the E.A. People funded them to make this game... most of those people being PC gamers. People that expected the game to be developed on PC first. Well sorry to burst your bubble but this is literally a free to play mobile game. Dont believe me? Go do some studying on it. 22cans themselves have confirmed this. They have ceased all development on the PC version of Godus til this coming fall to develop the mobile version. Seriously they are taking PC customers money and using it to create the game for another platform. And at the moment there are no differences between the PC and mobile version of Godus... except the price this one is $19.99 and the mobile is free. So wrap your head around that if you can. Up until now this game seems to be a scam. It may change. Peter M. has sure made some killer titles in the past. But this doesnt look like its going to be one of them.And yes you still have to get cards and stickers..Would I recommend this game? Not to anyone I like.I will update it when things change. Hopefully it will be for the better."
,Recommended,232810,6737015,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Ť.Š.,+
,Recommended,232810,1605562,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,patrickengels,Excellent !!!
,Recommended,232810,11677387,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,mini (totent),"What You Need To Know:The game is shaping up, playable, and in my opinion, worth the cost for someone looking for a casual game based upon terrain editing. The infamous in-game-purchases have been removed and replaced with an adiquate game mechanic.The Details:With the new update cooldowns are realistic. I sat down and played three straight hours and it was an enjoyable game. You could see that you were making progress. Gems can no longer be bought and are instead awarded for sacrificing your (virtual) followers playing into a simplistic happiness mechanic.The game starts a peaceful terrain editor with some minor mechanics which are focused on progression. There is little conflict or setbacks, just a slow moving progress. After completing the arc, however, you (to my suprise) leave the homeworld map you begin on and begin a harder level.The game does have random crashes, but never has that meant I lost progress, it just takes 5 minutes to close and restart the program. They're seldom enough that the game remains very playable for me. (But this may be a problem on older PCs)With how much progress was put into the game in the last update, and the Dev team claiming that was only 3% out of the current 53% of the game that is finished I am excited to see where this goes.I reviewed this game earlier and was quite unhappy. With that update the mobile version had just been released and it seemed that 22Cans was changing the whole game to a mobile focus. At that time the mobile and PC games were identical, so I still say that assumption was valid. What is now clear is that the PC version was being used to pre-alpha test the mobile version so 22Cans could secure a revenue stream from the mobile market. The game is now much more playable and not focused on in-game-purchases.For reference my initial review is below:It's essentially another *free* (pay to skip) phone game, no different than the others except it has much nicer graphics and is unstable even for a PC.TL;DR: it's a pay to advance. Do not buy now. Wait until the full game is out for judgement.I got in on Godus right after the kickstarter when it first appeared on steam, and at that time it was decent. The game was based on expanding your people and it had decent wait timers and some interesting minigame features. It was extremely unstable on my pc build, but it was also rapidly changing and that's expected for something so far from full release.Since those earlier builds it seems everything was completely thrown out the window and rebuilt. Rebuilt badly. The gameplay became highly linear for a god game (so they could sell gems to advance faster). The timers increased to the point I had to log off for the day just to advance at all (or give in to microtransactions). In short, the game became unplayable unless it was on a mobile device that gave push notifications for when you had to log on and collect your virtual currency again. The patch coming out tomorrow (8/12/14 MM/DD/YY) promises no help with ACTUAL gameplay or game value, just minor bugs for people who've payed to get really far into the game.I have no faith in this game's early access as the devs have simply made the game less playable as more public input came in. Of course that doesn't mean there is no potential for the full game, butI would not buy this game while it is still in early access."
,Not Recommended,232810,14059275,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,KauaiBoy,"This game was/is such a huge disappointment.  I love god style games, but there is just nothing here to keep me going and I have no idea what the point of any of this is.  That aside I am most disappointed in the developers in that:— They are bad at creating updates— They have failed to listen to their community— Their communication sucks— Peter Molyneux’s has failed time and again to live up to his promisesHonestly this game is 100% rubbish and should not even be tried out of curiosity.  Personally I will never buy a game with Peter Molyneux’s name attached to it."
76561198046983542,Not Recommended,232810,14061896,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,juzzlobber,Avoid. This game has been going for so long now and it still sucks. Terrible.
76561198025185190,Not Recommended,232810,14126436,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,mjvh80,"Do not buy the early access version, my recommendation is to wait for a final release. My install has never worked on my machine after more than a year (or thereabouts) and doesn't get past the load screen."
,Not Recommended,232810,14067628,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,NethKhadar,"this is just another abondonware, the devs lied about the kickstarter and the main dev has moved on to another game before it is even close to a decent game. ah the joys of the cashgrabbing EA."
76561198008408497,Not Recommended,232810,14068117,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,abbreviatus,"Guys, you gotta be kidding!I´m talking about those litte Groups of attackers, that come every now and then just to destroy your buildings unneccessarily. They have no reason and no motivation, no background and are not involved in the game, they can not be befriendet and you can not leave them alone to not annoy them. They just appear at random spawn points, head to yozr biggest Citys with their bows an blows them to oblivion within seconds just for fun.How on earth could annyone have concidered this crap as a good idea? It makes a good game frustrating for no reason at all, just because one of you programmers had some unused letters to write annoying game elements.Luckily i got Godus from one of the Sales."
76561198169488904,Not Recommended,232810,13903202,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,polmorgonna,"I love this game!  there is always somethign to do!  That is, until the game shuts down on you, your shrines refuse to go up, or you just can't seem to build up or tear down the land because that too stopped working.  Too many bugs.  I would recommened this game to everyone!  Once it has been fixed!"
76561198034599830,Recommended,232810,13625837,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,voyddd,"While the game is still in progress, it reached the point when it's on sale it's worth buying and playing."
,Recommended,232810,13628479,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,frankdrebben,"not bad as a casual, basic ant farm for $10, though the updates are making it way too frustrating- had to uninstall after the latest update"
76561197992719288,Not Recommended,232810,13629725,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,xLEBLx,"Everything is on timers, you click on things after the timer is up. Would not buy for .99 cents, regret buying it."
,Not Recommended,232810,9462489,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Arklan,"i can't really explain it, but i'm hooked. there's a long way to go in some areas - the land sculpting is a little buggy, apparently the followers don't upgrade old houses, but the core of the game, shaping land so they can build and such... i can't help but play it.EDIT: so months later and so very few changes, and the devs have largely moved on to another project. i no longer recomend this."
,Not Recommended,232810,13647276,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,AdrianoshYT,"Yea, i was a early baker on kickstarter. Ive watched the progress of this game frequently. I love to see the progress of early access games. I dont know but Godus had minimal at all. If you have seen the game at its earliest stage you will notice to today not a difference at all. I waited. I have waited soo long. But I have seen nothing. I played every update enought to see what changed. And it got soo boring with the time. It is not the scence of a game to go in early access and rework the entiry game mechanics 1 to 2 years. 22cans, what you offer us today is the funderment what should be done a year ago. It is a shame how slow the progress of this game is. I do not think this game will ever be what they promised. The vision of this game was great. I hoped to encounter a new ""black and white"" but what i got is a constantly boring pice of ****. I hope they realize soon that the game has, at it current state (and ive never seen anything changing this) no, simply no potential to be called a pc game! I think it will be a pretty interesting mobile game, once its done. But i lay down my hopes in this game. And don't think I'm a pessimist. I wanted to have fun with this game and to be one of these games, these games that you remember. All the promisis got me waiting, hoping and at all be disappointed. At the moment guys... Please dont think its fun. It isn't. It's vision is great but not nearly reached. So just come again next winter sale and hope that someone tells you the truth of the progress. Just wait. The developers are pretty slow in developement. Perhaps they do they're work conscientious but it's simly tooo slow. But who knows. Perhaps everything is changing next year. Perhaps I'm waking up tomorrow being an elephant. Who knows? So just keep waiting because you will not having fun playing it now, not important if on sale or not!"
,Not Recommended,232810,8681922,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Magma P43,I spent hours playing this and im sorta far. i cant click on voyages anymore even though i only copleted one and tells me theres more. I need to upgrade a totem pole thing to get more land but theres a swamp. inorder to clean the swamp i need buitify and in order to get buitify i need to create thirty farms. im at 12. i have no more room and when i delete a house to make it bigger they just rebuild a small one. the path finder for your followers is complete crap beacause theres a way to get up right next to them but they think there stuck and theylle go everywhere around the mountain to find it and not know there way back. you then have to kill them. now your pretty much stuck and hate the game change the review you previously made to bad and hope the developer reads. REPOST TO MAKE DEVELOPER AWARE HE DOES LIKE THE COMMUNITY AND TRULY LISTNES.
,Not Recommended,232810,8828229,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Frederick Barbarossa,EDIT: I suddenly dislike this game due to the fact that all my progress was wiped and now everything takes too much time.
76561198037612814,Not Recommended,232810,10306154,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,doubleyoueffess,Pretty much totally worthless. Don't waste your money or your time on this game.
76561197999962036,Recommended,232810,9051700,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Vern,Updated review . after many many many months of almost nothing 22cans have steped up and taken note of what people what . i have to give it a good review due to the 180% turn around from the first 6 months of launch
,Recommended,232810,7958369,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,deepty,"Peter Douglas Molyneux, you r awesom son of a ..."
,Not Recommended,232810,7195070,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,Miss Fu'Miga,"Great idea... great promises... great project!Money sink... lack of dev work... lack of player listening attitude!Three months after buying it, just to try and help them build something good and aware of the monthly (at least) update policy... and the game is exactly as it was...You'd rather BURN your money in a firepit!"
,Recommended,232810,7240812,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,MIDIManNI,Super God game from Peter Molyneaux...well worth the money!
76561198049503751,Not Recommended,232810,7310729,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Furber,♥♥♥♥ING SUCKS
,Recommended,232810,7356792,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,RancidSeoul,"After a patch or two things seems to be steadily improving.  Start with one villager, then two, three, etc.  Slowly work your way to exploring the land.  Guy and Gals, this is still in beta stage.  Pretty much point, click, and repeat.  Mold the land scapes and just keep building and exploring, well to the ability that it will let you."
76561198021687522,Recommended,232810,7395762,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Zaert21,"so far like 40-50% has only been made, and by GODUS it's a good 40-50% so far, it can only get better. the game is vey similar to populous in the follower, mana, hut and god simulator sense yet is unique and looks better than a 16 year old game that was amazing to."
76561197966230331,Recommended,232810,7402444,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Tazzmaniac,"Ich bin mehr als fasziniert von diesem Game. Es beginnt als ein kleiner Black&Whiteklon und wird zu einem Minecraft erlebnis, immer die Perfektion des eigenen Kulturellen Systems.ICh empfehle es jedem Menschen, der ein Suchtspiel für zwischendurch sucht.Hi there.I'm really fascinated by this early access.Starting slow and not very strong, it emerges in about an hour to just wanting do get better and better, helping your followers to new height.Its a Casual game, but with ultiamte addiction potential."
76561198052144060,Not Recommended,232810,8078881,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,|Fiv0| MenonKhan,"This game is incredibly boring. I was expecting somewhat of a ""Black & White"" or even something close to ""AOE"" or Rise of Nations type of gameplay but it wasnt even close. With no voice over and a rather dull music background the game is tremendously boring. there isnt much to do in the game but build houses and expand your land. Though this game is still in BETA testing, I cant see why people would buy it. It lacks the ""X-Factor"" to capture audiences.this game needs more options in building an empire, a better soundtrack and more interesting things to do in game. i give it a 1/10"
76561197971825130,Not Recommended,232810,7944125,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Haapy,"Hm. I didn't think you could screw  up a god game. I was wrong. The game is beautiful, there aren't many bugs at all, but the design is aweful. The entirety of your participation to your followers is 1) click trees three times to make them go away, 2) click rocks two times to make them go away 3) click land until flat, 4) click houses if they have a pink orb above them. Do that for as long as you can stomach it. There are no decisions, no strategies. It isn't a game. I'm baffled as to why someone thought this was a good idea."
76561198035471349,Not Recommended,232810,7951079,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,obiwago,"DO YOU LIKE CLICKING? If you buy this, I sure hope you do, cause there is SO MUCH CLICKING AND SO LITTLE EVERYTHING ELSE.I should have waited until the game was actually released, and there were reviews out..."
,Recommended,232810,7955687,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Link,Great Game!
76561198065660910,Not Recommended,232810,7960083,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,AdmiralMasterlordMark,You should not buy this  game. mostly because it's not finshed and is bad and very boring game. this game is so simple the morrir idea of looking at the keybored is dumb because it's not uesd any real way. only the right and left mouse button and there uesd so much that I now have carpal tunnel thank to this crap game. The facted it that i spented 10 dollars on this thing and still question if it would be worth half that in it current state. I believe that this could be a good game but based on how it seem to going to is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ app game on steam. never buy on hope :(
76561198002678950,Recommended,232810,7993985,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,MarcusNovius,"fun game but the stupid fake ""multiplayer"" battle is annoying... oooh look a generic attractive girl has messaged me wow etc etc.. oh its the in-game script.. i find that a bit geeky!"
,Recommended,232810,7996716,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,water2770,"This is a good game. Not necessarily the best game, but for 20 bucks it already gives you more unique and quality gameplay than certain triple A shooters. The start is slow which can take people out of the experience. The amount of clicking is a bit obvious however compared to other games there is about the same amount of clicking, and with no failure state (outside of pvp which you lose when you run out of people to guide) each of the clicks will be gurenteed to make you progress. Throughout the game you are given more land and powers so once you get far enough into the game land sculpting gets more fun, and while collecting belief and doing a lot of macro land scultping might be fun with a touch screen I've played around on a touch screen and precise sculpting doesn't work all that well requiring a mouse if you want that precision."
76561198028635648,Not Recommended,232810,8023113,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,TomCallahan31,"Well... I really had a lot of hopes, and was really into the Black and White God games when they were popular, but this game sort of falls flat.  I bought it in the hopes that you would really get a kick out of building a small civilizations from just two starters, but realistically half the time I was trying to peel back layers of dirt to get to temples to get a land expansion card...This game has one cardinal sin of gaming... it makes u wait like a CHEAP FACEBOOK GAME to do pretty my anything.Id like it 1/5 and really wished I never bought it"
,Not Recommended,232810,8023362,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Bartholomew Jenkins,"Dont buy this. Its horrible,"
76561198004949187,Not Recommended,232810,8031072,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Veteran Sergeant Servius,Very incomplete.  Don't buy it yet.  Maybe later.
,Not Recommended,232810,7903239,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Junaii,"The concept, as with all Molyneux games is high and lofty but the reality plays like a social media browser game. You have to expand your population by terraforming new flat areas for your populace to build houses in. To do this you simply click,  and click, and click. Click on the terrain to flatten it. Click on a tree or rock to get rid of it. Click on a house so an automated little man wanders out and builds another house. After a short time this becomes very tedious.Editing the terrain in this  early version is a bit hit and miss but even when its fixed its simply a case of flattening the layers out or making sure theres steps up to higher levels. Theres no sculpting of the world as is suggested and to edit the terrain, you guessed it, more clicking!You earn cards as you progress that give you better buildings and expand your territory but your never really doing much yourself, apart from clicking when prompted. The populace is all automated just leaving you clicking.The sound and art style kept me going for the first 5 minutes but once it became apparent that there isnt a lot to do, I just found myself wishing I was playing Age of Empires or Settlers instead.Id say its worth keeping an eye on this incase more depth is added as they develop it but in its current state there is very little to recomend this as a serious game."
76561198002054454,Recommended,232810,7331001,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,peak oil,This is fun
,Not Recommended,232810,12989114,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Dewguru,"I enjoyed it for the first few hours, then it got boring, and I realized it just wasn't for me.I got this based off of my past respect for Peter Molyneux's work, and I could see hints of potential, but in the end, it simply isn't appealing. Even after the great overhaul took place, I look at it and just don't see a game that I'm glad I sunk money into.Then I listen to Peter's interviews and vision and I realize that he's not ramping up his vision, he's scaling it back to something less than just about any game I've enjoyed that he was involved with previously.I'll check back again in another 4-6 months. Hopefully I'll be proven wrong.As it is, I've managed to chase away my friends from trying it out. There are too many other games of interest to enjoy, this one just isn't there yet."
,Not Recommended,232810,8652987,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Spoderman from 1977,"Well, its a good game, but i thought it was more than it was. I'll guess i don't like these type of game. So if you don't wanna pay for a FarmVille-ish game don't buy it. I thought I could do loads of things from start, but the only thing you can do is flaten out the ground, and that's the purpose of the game. The settlers is doing all the work depending the space they get to bulid on. Now, i'm sorry if my English is bad, it's not my mother tounge..."
,Not Recommended,232810,9467112,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Cat,"Look its okay, i do disagree on the mass forming stuff early on and waiting for belief to spawn. BUT, i think its reasonable after a bit of gameplay, needs ways to automaticly gain belief or something through out the game though....I THOUGHT IT WOULD GET BETTER. YET IT DID NOT. ffs could of been something. but it wasn't"
76561198023026107,Not Recommended,232810,10319078,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Pycco,"not finished yet, i doubt it will be ever dont get it pre release ."
76561198030987775,Not Recommended,232810,14847740,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,cloudfinalxii,got it on mobile for free. WAAAAY better! can't believe i spent money on the pc version. What a joke compared to the Mobile.!?!?!?!?!? WHY!?!?!?!?!?ConstructivelyMake it look better your making a game for people with mostly awesome computers.Example: Mine is an eitght core 4.0 cpu; 16GB 1866 RAM; 1TB HD 7200rpm; R9 280 3GB; 46inch 120 hertz tv as monitor.Looks the same as the mobile and I really like the touch features on mobile compared to the tedius mouse. It seems to be too much of a chore sculpting to actually have fun. Sculpting the land should be easier. Graphics should use at least 4 cores minimum and figure the rest out. But really the graphics on games these days are AMAZING.Side note I left world of warcraft because it didnt update its graphics well enough to continue sinking 15 dollars into it a month plus expansions. same situation I would never have funded this game at the begining if I had played the mobile first. I just got a sweet note 4 and thats how I discovered the game on mobile. And quickly realized that even after years the pc has yet to be any where near as fun as the mobile. like WTF! I want a refund! but I want to keep the game to see if it ends up at least as good as black and white.These jerks have a GREAT;AWESOME;SUPURB MARKETING TEAM! BRAVO! THE MARKETING!! BRAVO MARKETING TEAM!!! YOU GOT ME YOU RASCAL YOU!!!!
76561198121454370,Not Recommended,232810,14200018,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Hades8472,"I dont think this game is for me. You have more control then I originally thought, you have to do every little thing contantly and it becomes very tedious.. not for me"
,Not Recommended,232810,8711227,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Gandalf The Gay,"Even though the game is still in Beta, it's absolutely AMAZING. I love this game, we need more games like this. You have the casual side of Town Simulation, but at the same time you can have cities fight in epic battles. Awesome game,8.5/10~~~~EDIT~~~~~Gets boring extremely quickly, and over the past year, absolutely nothing has been changed within the game. Steer clear unless it's on sale.4/10~~~~EDIT~~~~~We were promised a multiplayer game. Now it's forever single player, buggy as hell, and almost been two entire years now and yet NOTHING HAS BEEN DONE. Way to swindle people out of their money. There should honestly be a way to sue these people, absolutely disgusting.1/10"
,Not Recommended,232810,14192963,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,米斯特格蘭,"it was a good game, however not any more."
,Not Recommended,232810,14331318,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,WTBS MAYWest,"Was good at first.Then it turned out to be one of those ""You need to log in every X amount of time otherwise you're ♥♥♥♥ed"" type of game.The fact that it is clearly made for touch screens makes it hard to control at times.One of those games I'd like to like, but I can't help but regretting buying it..."
,Not Recommended,232810,14336986,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Stico,"A realy easy game, but sort of fun. I get the fealing that the devs are intentionally holding stuff back for the full release.Played it for a short time and got bored.I'm giving this a NO for now, But has potential to become a YES"
76561198171051507,Not Recommended,232810,13709324,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,sam,I purchased and downloaded the game today but haven't been able to play. It's been crashing on loading (on PC). This is really upsetting. Already sent emails to support but no answers.
76561198030783112,Recommended,232810,11825606,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,mlambogl,"This game sounded good in theory,  but it's obvious it was made for a tabled and not a PC,  it had crashed more times than I can count and it's in lack of better words boring.   I'm not a big fan of waiting hours for something to develop,  as an example ""belief"" which is basically the way you pay for things takes hours to come in.  It seems like this game was made with having ""paid: components to it and they have not figured a way around it.  It sounds like a simple port from a tablet game to a PC would be easy but this is a perfect example of why not to do it.  This is specially painful when you already paid $19.99 to play."
,Not Recommended,232810,8685919,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Mustachioking CSGOBIG.com,point and click simulator0/10
76561197997286656,Not Recommended,232810,7774465,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,phoneyb,"dont buy it yet, no updates, and limited game play."
76561197997751180,Not Recommended,232810,10847266,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,adambair,"This game doesn't work on my windows 8 machine, even though I meet the required specs. I can't even interact enough with the game to change any settings. This isn't Beta, this is early Alpha. How do I get a REFUND?"
,Recommended,232810,3666181,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,[VSF] Necr0,"This game is one of my top 10 favorite games. After 4 hours of playtime, I discovered that I only scratched the surface... Damn. Look it up and give it a try, it is indeed worth the money!"
76561197992213411,Recommended,232810,10117707,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Diolo,"Finally I can see changes on the game, since last time that I gave it a last try, more than a year ago.More comunication, and new things like military units. Keep working!"
,Recommended,232810,4852679,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,cadandcookies,"I recommend this game, but with a massive set of caveats.For me, the most important part is whether one enjoys a game. I enjoy Godus. It's fun. It's like a big, slow fish tank with followers that you occasionally poke.That's pretty much it. It's not complicated, it's not worth $20, bt it is a small bit of fun. I don't support the microtransactions, but they're optional, and at this point I don't really expect it to ever be completed. I didn't come in with high expectations, but my low expectations were pretty well met, and I've played it a decent bit. If you're expecting something mid blowing, or like Molyneux's previous ""god games"", check your expectations at the door. Not much is here, but I find what is to be quite enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,232810,20242343,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Thecatgoesmoodle,"Huge backpedal from the original. When I purchased this game about a year ago, I was ecstatic. I had only seen the old screenshots of the Beta, and was suprised to see such an octagonal, polygon shaped game. After playing through for a while, I began to realize that I hadn't reached the point that I had seen in the screenshots. After a long and hard google search, I discovered that they had removed the following features:~Roads created from statues that make your city look alive.~Special characters.~Digging down as a basic tool.~Raising ground as a basic tool.~Good shading.~Incredible looking houses.~MULTIPLAYERNot only did they remove the best features, with the recent update 22cans has given us, the lead developer is gone, and supposedly, nobody is working on the game as of recently.My reccomendation? Only play it on mobile."
76561198165794541,Not Recommended,232810,24196723,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Mania,"This is honestly a waste of money. I believed it had potential at first, but it looks like the developer abandoned it. It's not worth buying in it's current state and it's not getting any better. I'm just glad I got it on sale so I didn't throw out as much money as I could have."
,Not Recommended,232810,24127756,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Sky Salamander,"This game is enjoyable and entertaining but it's still lacking in some departments. Felt incomplete and leaves me wanting more. It's also disappointing to know that the development team is essentially nonexistent and that the game has no planned release date anymore. It's a great game with great potential and I think molyneux screwed up by pushing godus wars for the players who had already grown bored of godus. Now we have two incomplete games and now dev team a fact that would have stung less if godus had been finished and we were left without GW or with the beta that we have now. My disappointments aside, the only problems i have with the functionality of the game are the frequent crashes i get (they happen in intervals between 1-4 hours) and the graphics for water sources sometime get messed up and show like lights on beacons or the indicator for chests. While on the topic of chests, i think they could do more to prevent chests from spawning in inaccesible locations. I love this game but now, almost 3 years after it's release molyneux has seemigly dug his own grave with godus."
76561198018922480,Not Recommended,232810,24239306,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,HariboHaz,"Boring!Game in a nut shell: click, click more, click faster, click till you get bored.(Estimated boredom time: 5 - 10 mins)"
,Not Recommended,232810,11754169,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Bakstol (Thomas L.),"Freemium game where there's no possible way of obtaining the currency. I play 10 minutes a day and it goes like this: I gather the belief accrued overnight, spend it all on trees, the happiness of the people doesn't change at all, I see another 100 people gone and there's nothing else I can do because I don't have gems and the boat missions are super dull and repetitive and yield nothing anyway."
,Recommended,232810,11712892,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Zilor,"There is something wrong with this game on a design level, it's basically a big mobile game which I thought at one point before I'd seen one was something I wanted, but actually this is just terrible (but not?). I like the game that's in there but it's buried under so many poor decisions and bad ideas with silly execution that it's hard to see it as becoming anything great.The good thing, I guess, is that there is a core game underneath all of that crap that bogs down the game and hinders the fun that is actually really enjoyable, but it seems with every update there is an attempt to try and bury it deeper. I fear before long there shan't be anything redeeming one can say about the game as there will be no way in which to even see what a cool game lies beneath it all.Can we get a toggle, like PC Style/Mobile Style?Also gems for beautification is a horrible idea unless it was a mineable resource. Why does sacrificing people make any sense for getting gems? I see that as an act of total faith and belief. Now if you guys added a mine early on that you could leash people to and make them work it, or better yet a slider that indicates how many you want working and nearby people just go and work it and every 10-15 minutes a tribe member dies because of the dangers, I can get behind that entirely.This just feels like an excuse to pay money to boost followers or boost gems, but it doesn't cost money to do so, so it doesn't make any sense. The design decision don't make any sense.I know Peter Moleneux has a reputation for this, I've played every game he has made and enjoyed them all despite oddities, but this goes a bit beyond quirky hopefuly confidence, this seems weird and pointless in a way that is unlike his nomal strange decisions...It's like his strange designs have just become boring design tropes lifted from another meidum that is entirely ill fitting to the game. Even if I was playing this on my tablet, the main thing I'd want is for it to not play like a mobile game.I reccomended it because it has me so on the offense, I return to it fairly often but it frustrates me everytime, so there is something there, it may just sadly not end up being what I want..."
76561198041772605,Not Recommended,232810,8413236,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Crazytreestump,"All you do is, Click click click click click. Do NOT buy this game. It is terrible."
,Not Recommended,232810,12287605,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,FreedomJunki,Creepy AI that hits on a child AI 1/10 will not play again
76561197978674991,Not Recommended,232810,11174305,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Sileni,"Early access for way too long, awful mechanics, the best way to play the game is to create a damn parking lot.0/10 would rather buy a bridge."
76561197996714680,Not Recommended,232810,11159094,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Cat on Roof,not recommended at all ...
76561198031174615,Not Recommended,232810,13060479,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,ACEOMEGA,"i have tried to play this game over and over again, looking for a reason for it being in my library...i can not even hate this game, because there is nothing to hate or like about it.it isn't even a game, it's a waiting simulation with flashing lights and whistles.do not buy this ""game"" I implore you."
,Not Recommended,232810,21434428,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,brodrian,"It's come a long way from where it began, but it's still just a game that suffers from having a very uninteresting core mechanic. Moving layers of ground around in order to make space for your developing cilization is exciting at first but just becomes a huge chore as the game goes on. There's not enough to make it engaging beyond the beginning of the game. The challenges are intersting but simplistic and don't offer enough reason to keep playing the game. This seems like an excellent children's game though. I can see how this could serve as a great introduction to gaming in general, but there so many richer and deeper games out there to enjoy. I don't see what this game does better than similar style games. As much as I wanted to love this game when it came out, it's a very big letdown."
,Not Recommended,232810,21447823,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Lokifox,"This game was bloody awful.It is extremely badly designed. Example: in order to collect resources you need to hover the mouse over a building. I have never played a strategy game in my life that requires you to do this. It is inately boring.Secondly, you are required to endlessly mouse click to reshape the tiniest bits of land, which is also annoying.If you liked Populous, don't play this. It is basically a bad buggy version of Farmville."
,Not Recommended,232810,16320590,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Bored,"Not that great a game, honestly feels like a sloppy mobile port, would do alot better on a tablet as those .99 cent games you pick up, play for a couple hours, and proceed to forget about. ON TOP OF THAT updates aren't that great the faith mechanic is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid it feels like clash of clans where you have to wait a few days before YOU CAN KEEP ADVANCING.Final verdict-2/10Time grindy gameplayWhy do i care about trees and rocks if im a god?Ai is kinda dumbProgression feels tedioustl;drJust get Civ V, you cant mold the land but its the closest you're going to get to this (and did i mention civ is actually whats the word...... good?)"
,Not Recommended,232810,20998794,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Krombopulos Michael,"dont waste your money, developer has already abandoned this game to cash grab on the renamed godus war version."
,Not Recommended,232810,21000140,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,AKA Steve,"Not worth your time and seemingly abandoned in favor of Godus Wars.Started with a lot of promise but, last I checked, it has become a poor excuse for a mobile game."
76561197974112108,Not Recommended,232810,20826816,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,SpidyM,A lost project... which went from ok to bad to very bad....every time they fixed something it got worse..... and now no updates for nearly a year.... this game should no longer be for sale! The game isnt worth £14.99...hell it aint worth £5
76561198104193693,Not Recommended,232810,20830144,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,gui1e46,Nope......
76561198026093642,Not Recommended,232810,20782111,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Bloodpumping,I dunno man. I loved Populous in the 90's like crazy. This game just seemed like a Grind for no reward. Play FROM DUST. Now thats a sweet God Game
,Not Recommended,232810,20793736,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,p_nut_uk,This♥♥♥♥♥♥hasn't been taken off Steam yet? Pretty much abandonware at this point.
76561198127890802,Not Recommended,232810,20797868,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Flamebot9,for some reason the game just crashed in the begging even tho i know it works
,Not Recommended,232810,20944350,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,FancySlothNick,"If I were a person wanting to play a god game, I would search ebay for a laptop with windows XP on it and find a copy of black and white, a much better game by the same guy, if not the same team, and play that. This game is trash, it's super trash, I played it again today and remembered how trash it was. You want to know why I have so many hours in it? I forgot to turn it off when it was minimized one time and it ran on my computer for more than a day before I noticed.This game is bad."
,Not Recommended,232810,20997671,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Omen,just dont. pay for p o r n h u b instead its a lot better
,Not Recommended,232810,21488408,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Frederic Ogre,"Purchased 09/2013. Total letdown, Peter Molineux took my money and took a♥♥♥♥♥♥on my wrist. This game almost gave me carpel tunnel syndrome. Unfinished, waste of money, perfect example of why early access programs should come with a clause about burning devs on pyres if they can't deliver.I could go on with a very detailed list of 22Cans failures and of my personal grievances but i have better things do to. Don't buy anything Peter Molineux or 22Cans pretend they are making."
,Not Recommended,232810,20724608,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,trucker_xxx,I've waited long enough for any kind of an update.It's time to drop the dead donkey.
,Not Recommended,232810,20738120,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Lukewarm,"Bought this game when it came out, didn't like it. It was a clickfest, they fixed that. Tried it again today and here's how that went.1. Start the game and you're in the game, no main menu or nothing. You're in it! And the devs keep talking.2. Thinking to myself that I'd like to start a new scenario and see where that takes me. Try to do that.3. FAILED! Same map, no devs talking though. Settlers have spawned somewhere else. The settlers build 3 houses, that's how many I can build. There is no more room, can't sculpt the land to make more room. New houses have to be inside ""Vision range"" of an already build house. New house is JUST outside range. Can't get any powers, can't unlock next level of land sculpting. Can't control settlers (don't have that power). Restarted a few times but I'm stuck and there is nothing I can do..4. Game over. Can't get back to the ""tutorial"" where the settlers spawn elsewhere with more room.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This was such a disappointment that I felt I had to share it.. This is most likely my first and last review."
,Recommended,232810,20758157,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Caoimhin,"I'm not so much of an all out battle controlling hoards of warriors like Warcraft or Starcraft but I do like the craft and mass control aspect, with a little battle. I would and do recommend to many."
76561197977553524,Not Recommended,232810,21506115,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Peteybehr,"This game regularly crashes and loses content without any visible means to restore (even if backing up progress externally and attempting to restore).Content mentioned in kickstarter is missing, missions barely exist, developer commentary is arrogantly self congratulatory.This game is an alpha build at best - for example, the latest build as Feb 2016 has deleted progress on Windows 10 with no visible means to restore progress made.There have been better world building simulations available for over ten years.This game exists as an example of squandered opportunity and designers ambitions outstripping their skills.Do not purchase it and expect an enjoyable, stable, interactive experience."
76561197963529545,Not Recommended,232810,19215471,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Moti,"Wanna play a game where you sit and watch while nothing happens? Then this is the game for you.It's obviously been reworked as a mobile game and it is incredibly slow. You watch as ""belief"" pop over houses, then you can play for 1 minute and then wait again for 10. Don't waste your money."
76561198048531962,Not Recommended,232810,7921659,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Fletcher,"Godus has unfortunily been just abandoned (by the look of things) by the devs. Its like towns, the game had a good look but never refixed or updated. Sad really this game did look like it was going to be very good but its been 3 to 5 years since and this games only gotten worse."
,Not Recommended,232810,21704164,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Rex De Deus,Seems like a reasonabled thing to have going on a second monitor whilst you watch netflix or something. If only it worked for more than 15 minutes at a time.
,Not Recommended,232810,21696553,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Maximus34772/YT hellcase.com,I just don't like the game in general its too nonproductive and very slow.
,Recommended,232810,7331837,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,PhoenixKnight,This game is really addicting and fun. If you like Civilization where you get to build your own empire then you will love this game!
76561198035858093,Not Recommended,232810,8223033,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Jshuest,Played it once....never again.
76561198060490440,Not Recommended,232810,21754378,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Severin,Wasted my money on early access.  Game wasn't finished enough to enjoy and they never made any progress.
,Not Recommended,232810,21762309,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,WLYEC,What a shame
76561198018222513,Recommended,232810,13637329,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Bubbles,LOVE this game it's a simple version of black&white and i missed a game like that been playing a lot allready( its free on android but better on pc)
76561198100621569,Not Recommended,232810,14469517,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,tripplee_11,An absolute waste of everything.
,Not Recommended,232810,14524854,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Donuts,♥♥♥♥ the sleazeball who stole everyones money and canning a game with loads of potential. Shame on you.
,Not Recommended,232810,14526784,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Gnugfuriuz,"Once upon a time. There was this guy called Peter Moluneux. He worked on some wonderfull projects like Syndicate, Populous and Dungeon keeper. Through well known companies like Bullfrog.Then, Peter thought he would become more involved into game making. This, it turns out is not his strongest side.While beeing an brilliant salesman and having a wonderous fantasy. He starts off his projects with an engine that is not capable of implementing even half of the features he would like to see in the game. And they end up disasterous.We saw this already in Fable II. When Fable II arrived and the community complained. Peter responded with even more promises about Fable III while trashtalking Fable II. Next one is going to become much better. Right?Now the man we call Peter has founded a new company. With such wonderous ambitions. They wanted to create the next God Game.Having made Black and White, wich were truely God games with lots of interaction with your followers. He now gives you a facebook game wich pay 2 win mechanics. Atleast this is where the game is today.At first, the game looked promising. You could manipulate land, let the villagers construct buildings and vield fierce powers to impress your followers.Then, by each update. They removed features from the game, dumbified it into oblivion and stopped working on the game. After two years, it was time to start a new project.This marks the end of Peter Molyneux's career. He will now go into automobile sales and future will show that he will become the best Audi salesman this planet has ever seen. After all, he has 35 years experience in selling crap that you really do not want."
,Not Recommended,232810,14427678,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Rick Sanchez,Bascially just a free to play game that costs $20. Not worth it.
76561197986658643,Not Recommended,232810,14427833,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Imperia,Thanks for stealing our money and giving up on the project. We deserve to get our money back!
76561198003995596,Not Recommended,232810,14428033,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,lordcat,"It was a nice idea with a lot of promise, but apparently management messed this one up and abandoned the game before it was finished."
76561197965237878,Not Recommended,232810,8400375,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Joker,"At this point the ""Early Access"" really isn't worth it.  The core gameplay is extemely tedious, and there's no real opportunity to apply any strategy or tactics.  I hear that a substantial refactor of this game is in progress; if they deliver on it and the game becomes interesting I'll update this review appropriately.==Update==Apparently 22cans is abandoning the game with the mechanics and progression only half-finished.  People should definitely not buy this game, and should avoid any kickstarters or early access games with Molyneux or 22cans attached to them."
,Not Recommended,232810,23119633,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Blagdan,Promisses not delivered by 22cans. Dont waste money on this company
76561198030718295,Not Recommended,232810,8371955,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,dogcat.avl,The game tries to exploit the name of Peter Molyneux but that doesn't help much. Godus sucks...even as time-killer in most desperate situations.
76561197998617917,Not Recommended,232810,23441270,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Allan,"Not worth spending money on. I have had this game for more than a year and it is still ""Early access""..."
76561198031381495,Not Recommended,232810,23440846,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Katowska,"This game had, and still has, all the potential in the world to become an awesome game.However, as long as it belongs to 22cans and Peter Molyneux, it will never reach that potential.I reccomend not buying this game for any platform that is not a mobile phone.(And even then, buy it on sale)"
,Not Recommended,232810,8789992,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Grand,I originally reccomended this game. mistake. game isnt good. at one time i may have enjoyed it. but it got old fast
,Not Recommended,232810,11731766,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Izzy,"Godus: A Honest (RE)-ReviewOriginal Review. Aug 15, 2014___________________________________________________________Type of Game: BuilderRating: 7/10 (old) - new (0/10)Who would like this Game: Slow Building types (old) - (new) People with to much moneyWho would dislike this game: Fast Building types (old) - (new) Everyone___________________________________________________________The Positives (old):- Simplistic Art Direction that looks Fantastic- You will feel like god- You can build when you want- Followers happiness linked to them actually following you- You can be a Benevolent god or a Vengeful one and your actions Reflect with your followers- The Card and Sticker System to Advance in the game- The Voyages SystemThe Positives (new):- Simplistic Art Direction that looks Fantastic__________________________________________________________The Negatives (old):- Slow- Still in Development (subject to change at any moment)- A.I. Is Bad, God of Morons- No Customization of the followers or Belief in anywayThe Negatives (new):- Micro-Transactions.- a shadow of its former self- Non-belivers mess everything up- Slow.... VERY SLOW!!!- Still in Development (subject to change at any moment)- A.I. Is Bad, God of Morons- No Customization of the followers or Belief in anyway__________________________________________________________Personal thoughts (old):Belief is powerful thing, and this is true with this game. I personally like this game, I do a lot of work and on my PC and Like to have something going on in the background. This game hits that nail, you can put it on in the back ground and work. check in on your followers for a few minuets then resume work. As a Hard core Peaceful Builder, This game has a lot going for it.Personal thoughts (new):Its trash. I want to old version when it first came out... please.......... I HATE IT!!!__________________________________________________________Final Verdict (old):If you like to build, no fighting, thinking about the idea of god in new ways, and relaxing games then this is the game for you.Final Verdict (new):Never buy this game. It was good at first, now it is not. worthless hunk of evil."
76561197960487331,Not Recommended,232810,22759962,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Oppai Maou-Sama,"I think I bought and played this when it first came out in Early Access like four years ago or something and then when I dusted it off and played it again today I realised it's basically the same game. They added a couple more confusing mechanics like voyages (More Coming Soon TM!) and changed some models around but that seems to be about it.Also, ♥♥♥♥ mountains, they're the most tedious thing in the world to deal with, even if you upgrade your dealing-with-mountains power. Sheesh."
76561198019148394,Not Recommended,232810,22627901,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Myshkinsnotanidiot,"I bought this game a very, VERY long time ago. I have played iteration after iteration, dealt with my saves being wiped over and over again, kept waiting and waiting for Molyneux to deliver the finished product. It never came. I bought this game remembering all the fun I'd had playing Black and White 2 at my friend's house, and all the mechanics sounded like I would soon be in for a great time. I wasn't. This game is THE argument against early access; Devs promise and promise but never deliver, leaving dedicated fans high and dry. This game is why I ALWAYS think twice about buying early access now.♥♥♥♥♥♥on/10"
76561198028847339,Not Recommended,232810,22630758,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Mystery_shaman,"When i first bought this game, I had high expectations.I mean, the guy who made it made black and white for christs sake.B&W is one of the best god games evar.So when i heard that peter molyneux was making another god game, i got excited, i went in thinking,""Oh sweet tapdancing christ finally! A good god game!""I was wrong.So very, very wrong.Do not waste your money on this monstrosity.Just don't."
76561198007531637,Not Recommended,232810,22637380,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,SirElghinn,"Horrible horrible game.  Was a big fan of Black and White, so I suppose my expectation were high?  But this is such a big cleveland steamer.  Please please don't buy."
76561198069808148,Not Recommended,232810,22621258,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Evol,No
76561197983145320,Not Recommended,232810,22621335,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,point'n'clique,"Disappointing is a word that goes together with Molynuex quite easily these days, the gaming industries equivelent of the sham-wow guy, spruiking a product with little of no way to back up his enthusiastic rhetoric.This game commits the cardinal sin of gaming. It's boring. it lacks engagement, pacing and playability."
76561198006562510,Not Recommended,232810,22228251,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Ino,"even if this game were to be further updated, i strongly believe that said update would make it worse, rather than better."
,Not Recommended,232810,22221481,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,The king of lumberjacks,"quite frankly they did a good job at first without any updates but now that they have updated it I can no longer be able to be happy playing this anymore due to the lack of things they have done that they ""tried""to make it better but end up ♥♥♥♥ing it up even more...."
76561198078783347,Not Recommended,232810,22324941,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,BriarRosethorn,"Don't bother wasting a penny on this game. It never even got out of the early access phase and there hasn't been a significant update for the game in over a year. This game is dead and forgotten and should honestly stay that way because it never became anything close to what it was promised to become years ago. I bought an early access version on Steam so I accept that I took a risk that didn't pan out but man do I ever feel sorry for the people who backed this game on kickstarter. Their money was basically stolen. If I could get a refund on this pile of utter garbage, I would."
76561198055412035,Not Recommended,232810,16505778,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,MSanders,"This was the game that made me fall out of love with early access games. RPS asked Peter Molyneux recently: ""Do you think you're a patholocgical liar?""... Can only say that the truth is almost certainly yes. The pitch sounded glorious and could have been a genuinely brilliant addition (or even revision) of the God game genre. As is it's a stagnant, underdeveloped, micro-transactioned, boring piece of regret..."
76561198049027145,Not Recommended,232810,16108981,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Anniihilist,"I bought this game even though it had many negative reviews, expecting that I could manage or that maybe it would improve. I was wrong on both accounts.To start with, this game is simply riddled with game breaking issues (assuming you can even run it) such as cards not working, not being able to aquire cards, followers not listening, games not saving, icons not loading properly, etc. Besides all of the bugs, I actually enjoyed the gameplay when it actually worked, but unfortunately that was only about 20 percent of the time.I gave up the game for several months at a time to wait for new (hopefully better) updates that never came. I've owned this game for around a year now, and there have been 2 major updates. Unfortunately every time there is a major update  I'm forced to restart my game, which is hours upon hours of my time wasted, and frankly I'm just tired of restarting every game. As of late, I haven't even been able to launch the game anymore, and I think I'm finally done for good with Godus. It's a shame that no work is being put into this game because I think it's an interesting idea that has potential, but Molyneux will likely never finish this game, nor implement any of the features that were promised to Kickstarter backers.tl;dr Don't spend money on this, it is broken and unfinished, and will likely remain that way."
76561198222779220,Not Recommended,232810,16110056,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,MiLadyDre,I loved the game till there was nothing else to do.  I've opened up weyworld and did everything possible now there's nothing to do.  Is there a third world?  Did i miss something.  Where are all the additions i've read about.  The sheep etc.  I havent seen them.  I have no more cards to unlock and no more land to unlock.What now?
76561198074110678,Not Recommended,232810,16466428,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Maginaire,Too much dreams and nothing in reality.
,Not Recommended,232810,8418773,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,NerdyMoai,"While the game looks nice, and sells an amazing concept, it does not properly sell on that, by a long shot."
76561198038319784,Not Recommended,232810,16850697,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Dunner Homes,It started on computer which suprised me i hoped more than it moving on to be litterally an iphone game about waiting real time to grow your town or like Capitalism simmulator to make fake money with fake stocks in a fake world to feel like your acoplishing something.
76561198092131232,Not Recommended,232810,9139259,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,May,I wrote a positive review over a year ago. But by now I don't think we will ever see the game we expected :(Don't buy.
,Not Recommended,232810,17628424,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Mud,"Bought it a while ago, Hated it. Nothing interesting, buggy as it goes and certainly doesn't pass my very modest threshold for Early Access games. I would say an Early Access game should have the fundamental game mechanics nailed and only leaving advanced features that aren't essential to the game.These ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s just threw together whatever they could in the quickest time possible and called it Early Access. A year later and their terrible ""game"" still isn't finished and still sucks."
,Not Recommended,232810,17593708,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Mr. Jeremy Fisher,"Glitchy garbage. Wasn't looking for an overly engaging game, just something to play in the background. Still sucks for that. Tutorial is a complete pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to deal with and ruins any bit of fun you could squeez out of the game."
,Not Recommended,232810,17622240,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,SUICIDEchrist G*59 grey,"I could make the same thing in flash, but better than this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ We got molyneux'd again"
76561198052386121,Not Recommended,232810,17592630,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Vinylshots,"I keep downloading the game hoping that it is better play style or something a little more exciting. I have to say over 18 hours on record... I'm disappointed in myself for wasting almost a day of my life on this game. Definately a great example of how early access is ruining gaming one dollar sign at a time. Thanks Steam I know you love my money! Also I do not recommend you play this game for longer than 5 minutes or risk carpal tunnel of the worst degree. Dear developer, I played your game a bunch and I know it's better optimized and not quite as glitchy as it was 2 YEARS ago but I'm sad that you can't complete this project and are hiding your shame under early access status."
,Recommended,232810,16963055,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,TheLegend27,"It's a good game, but 20 bucks is prety much for what you get."
,Not Recommended,232810,31960025,Posted: 25 May,all,Cosmo,So many broken promisses... and no chance that they will ever be fullfilled. They dropped the game and call it finished without most of Molyneuxs Kickstarter-Goals.One of the sadest examples why kickstarter-titles can be risky.
76561198123036299,Not Recommended,232810,31832747,Posted: 18 May,all,Dubnus,this game is the defenition of Mobile games and its bad...i guess they made confused the PC with mobile devices.ITs bad dont buy it
,Not Recommended,232810,24188095,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,BoredBanana,Good game.Feels quite dead tho.
76561197968128372,Not Recommended,232810,31813398,Posted: 17 May,all,specter,"I really wanted to like this game. It statrtred out with a lot of potential too; however like an open beer it just got worse with time as its been left un finished, not to mention there is no final release in sight."
76561198050012362,Not Recommended,232810,31908852,Posted: 22 May,all,Ingveufospotter,"In the very beginning i liked this game, it was fun ang i had high hopes for it.I was sold this idea that as the game was further developed you would eventually end up with awesome god powers and the abillitey to do cool♥♥♥♥♥♥.. well... turns oute... you don't!This game sucks, it's a huge diepointment and i recomend, just don't buy it!It's a huge waste of money and time, even tough i only hav 24 houres in this game totall i can guarantee you you will regret it!Let it be a cautionary tale: some earley access games can loock and sound awesome, but it's better to wait than regret!"
,Not Recommended,232810,31945343,Posted: 24 May,all,PILOPIN_the_GOD,its boring
76561198019556056,Not Recommended,232810,31938521,Posted: 24 May,all,maximus3000sa,"I tried so hard to give this game a chance (as you can see by my play time), but it's just beyond awful, from beginning of development to the day it was abandoned.  I think the devs tried to take it in too many directions at once and it just ended up going nowhere.  Terrible, terrible game and a waste of almost a hundred hours, what a shame.  Avoid at all costs."
,Not Recommended,232810,31696163,Posted: 11 May,all,Silverwind,"Abandoned by the developers, tons of promises that went unfullfilled. Game is nowhere near finished, but you could probably have fun with the first few hours or so before running out of things to do."
76561198114292730,Recommended,232810,13141042,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,John the Tech Priest,i like to play the god
,Not Recommended,232810,32510814,Posted: 17 June,all,Senpai Frankuh,"this game had some real potential, in my opinion it failed horribly due to having to take mobile controls in consideration and doing it in the worst(lazy and easy) way possible. is it really fun to tap a million times to lower slabs of land? it's tedious as hell. it's better if they implemented some sort of landscaping utility's you see in most strategy game editors (lower land, heighten land, make land uniform, or lower/heighten land to a set height), this kind of implementation would make landscaping a breeze and much more fun and a creative experience. but yeah, how'd you do that on mobile? it'd take an interface and a bunch of icons and sliders to be functional and easy to use.in essence this game is a really watered down version of populous 3."
,Not Recommended,232810,32547124,Posted: 18 June,all,Bassamo,DOESN'T WORK ON WINDOWS 10 64bitDOESN'T WORK ON WINDOWS 7 64bit
,Not Recommended,232810,32556078,Posted: 18 June,all,baxterra,"They take your money for ""developing the game"", the fact is they take your money for developing their wallet,and POOF! vanish!!"
,Not Recommended,232810,23653286,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,peeslosh,"Sweet baby jesus, Godus sucks giant hairy gorilla balls in every which way imaginable.First off, the developers just stopped. Like, completely. There has been no serious development since god knows how long. The tips are completely irrelevant. ""Raise your population!"" How? The world may never know.The bright, cheerful colors are a trap for this incomplete, abysmal suckhole of a game.2/10, 22cans can suck my balls"
76561198024015457,Not Recommended,232810,32483898,Posted: 16 June,all,garrettj,"I have no proof that this game is the sole reason for Steam implementing a refund policy, but I'm saying it here anyway. At least I didn't lose too much when I bought it."
76561198031266598,Not Recommended,232810,11668606,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Rivano Moretti,[EDITED]Do not buy this game. Do not play this game. Do not even spend another second on this page. This is the greatest disappointment I have ever bought. It is a dead game and abandoned by the developers so don't even bother.
,Not Recommended,232810,11094556,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,popcorn boy,"Terrible game. The idea is nice, but the gameplay...ugh. Nothing ever happens. Nothing ever changes. It's all about 'click this, click that'. It's basically a mobile phone game for PC users."
,Not Recommended,232810,4328159,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Kronos115,"Yep, pretty sure this is dead and the creators don't care, so you shouldn't either.Dont buy it."
76561197997917753,Not Recommended,232810,12047642,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,funkbox97,"Dead. Useless. Once promising, now floundering, this game has been abandoned.This could easily be called Godus - the game of waiting. I've followed the game from early on when all there was to do was pretty much click bubbles. Now you get to click bubbles, maybe do one or two other things, and then wait.Most of the improvements have helped, but there are definitely some gameplay issues that really drag it down for me. One ""improvement"" involves reaching a point where a rival tribe can ""steal"" people from your village. They leave because they are unhappy. Unfortunately, there seems to be very little that can be done to change this, so you get stuck in a holding pattern. I've found I rarely play the game since I've reached this point.Up until then, it's rather fun. It's visually unique, and there are some interesting concepts at work. When you listen to the designers talk, it sounds like they want the game to be more fluid and have less waiting time, but I've found that's not the case for me. It's still enjoyable, but not as enjoyable and not as often."
76561198032351278,Not Recommended,232810,31089573,Posted: 11 April,all,Badjoras,Someone forgot this one...
,Not Recommended,232810,10319369,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,crissymoss,"I really enjoyed the way this game was going. The interesting way to shape the land. The way you got your people to love you so you could move more land. It reminded me of a much more modern take of Populous, a game I played hours of when I was younger.Sadly...this game has changed. I hope they finish developing it sometime and make it a complete game. Till then I can't recomend it."
,Not Recommended,232810,31048024,Posted: 9 April,all,Tricolored Crow,"This was me giving Molyneux a chance, he's made some of my favorate games in my teens, I still install Black&White 1 and 2 to play around with, but the Molyneux plague struck again and another potentially great game is washed down the crapshoot of the Molyneux effect.Im sorry, but this is me, not buying or playing another new game by 22Cans or any future endevors of Peter. He just can't follow through on these kinds of projects."
76561198005696326,Not Recommended,232810,29659381,Posted: 2 February,all,KillerKlown,"Unfinished, unfun and abandoned"
,Not Recommended,232810,31005422,Posted: 7 April,all,Bert the Vicuna,Minimal content and developers gave up on it.
,Not Recommended,232810,29742079,Posted: 6 February,all,BL▲CK,"What the ♥♥♥♥, Peter ?"
,Not Recommended,232810,14415288,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Torresmo,The scam of scams
,Not Recommended,232810,7985755,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,AlexanderConnor,"I have played tis game for few hours and i don't like it.In my opinion the game is kinda boring because the only think you can do is to dig or extend the layers. And to do this you need ""belief"". To collect ""belief"" you'll have to wait some minutes so the homes (that you don't choose where or if you want to create) will be able to make ""belief"" and wait for you to collect it. Moreover this game does not have many options (i think this problem will be resolved by the new uptades) as a result if you have a low-grade PC you will lag and you cant do anythink about it.So that's all about this game. I hope you found it helpful.Sorry for my English mistakes. I'm from Greece"
,Not Recommended,232810,31082624,Posted: 11 April,all,Sea Cucumber,"Game is buggy to all hell and from what I hear the developers basically gave up on it. It likes to randomly crash or just stop working. Shame because this looks like a really good game and it's unforuntate that the mobile version (which works) is f2p and requires that you buy gems like all crappy f2p games. Speaking of mobile, despite being a PC game, it feels identical to the mobile version right down to where it's more comfortable to use a touch screen as this doesn't feel optimized for keyboard & mouse at all. I just want a god game that works and lets me do basically what this was promising. Shame the developer can't follow through with projects."
76561198007917936,Not Recommended,232810,9108442,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Ghosrath,"Stay away from this until it is released. There is no game right now, it is just pointless clicking.No use throwing your money at this"
,Not Recommended,232810,31264090,Posted: 20 April,all,Mr. Lasagna,"It's still in early access and still a massive PoS. It was fun in the early days, and much more stable. Now, after updates, gamebreaking bugs crash the game, prevent progress, and prevent certain parts of the map to disappear, then eventually crash. It's just not fun, and devs don't update. When they do, its usually more broken than before with ""simpler"" systems that are anything but."
76561198066515918,Recommended,232810,8381025,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Celaydon,"What decade is it, because I think I just spent a few playing this game. Godus, in my opinion, is a muy excellente sandbox game.  You get to terraform your land to your liking and help your people raise wonderful cities. It also has  quirky graphics which make it more satisfying.. more than those boring looking civilization games. Another plus, the mechanics, goals, etc aren't like taking a calculus test, anybody can play it."
,Not Recommended,232810,13952383,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,A-Mah,This game pretty cool. Features include changing your Steam wallet by -$20.Can I restart this feature please?
76561198044504740,Not Recommended,232810,23497606,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Statera,So um just ♥♥♥♥ this game.
,Not Recommended,232810,9273880,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Carl Cogs,"At this point it should be obvious to all of us who bought Godus on PC that we got screwed royally by Peter Molyneux and 22Cans. They've always planed on making a cheap mobile game and they never even intended to listen to our feedback. We might have to accept that our money is wasted, but maybe, just maybe, we can protect others, prevent them from throwing money at the greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s over at 22Cans. On Steam we already did a rather good job, only 6% of the 1382 reviews recommend Godus. Let's do the same on mobile platforms. As soon as it is released in March give it a one star rating an write a few lines why this is a cashgrab and why nobody should bother playing the game. Help to prevent other innocent costumers to get scammed into what Peter Molyneux himself calls ""invest-to-play""."
