user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,233130,32361081,Posted: 12 June,all,✿ Princess Polymein,"Hello Friends, I bought this game with discount. Obviously I had a few doubts before downloading this game. The game is pretty good and graphics too. I finished this game in about 40hrs. I recommend everybody to play.  Sorry for my english. Happy Gaming. !Good sides of the game ;+ Story+ Easter Eggs+ Compelling bosses and monsters+ Weapons."
,Recommended,233130,4605992,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,Somberlain,"Shadow Warrior took me by surprise and completely blew me away.Excellent visuals, amazing & visceral combat.The sword play is the real strong suit in this title, it's probably the best melee has ever been in first person and it's incredibly satisfying to chop enemies into pieces.The guns tend to be left forgotten because of this, but the rest of the arsenal does hold it's own.The story and voice acting is surprisingly good, with large amounts of crude humor.There's also a good tale to be told and they did a good job combining the laughs with the more serious tones.It combines new and old in a great fashion.With skillpoints, weapon upgrades and powers gained by progression yet maintaining the arcade style combat and leveldesign.There are a couple of bossfights, which are pretty middle of the road. The bosses look amazing but they tend to overstay their welcome and the battles drag out for too long. This is especially true on the higher difficulties.It's a great reimagining of a classic title and I wholeheartedly recommend picking this up if you enjoy the faster First person shooter titles of the days of old.Flying Wild Hog has done an excellent job with this one.Shadow Warrior has proven to truly belong alongside the greats of the genre."
76561198060203956,Recommended,233130,12699623,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Metsakurat,"You play as Lo Wang - A katana wielding, one-liner cracking, demon decimator.Killing is your business and cousin, business is a-boomin'.The gameplay is simply brilliant. Slicing demons never gets old. It's probably the best melee first-person game out there (suck it Skyrim).But katana isn't your only weapon. You find new weapons as you progress in the game and there is no two gun limit like in most nowadays shooters. No ""primary"" or ""secondary"" weapons like in CoD or BF. -Double the gun, double the fun!You can carry ALL the weapons with you and you can upgrade them at any time. Yes, upgrading weapons is a thing and we're not talking about dumb camos or silencers.We are talking about upgrades that make you an unstoppable killing machine! -I like big guns, and i cannot lie.""This is my katana, this is my gun. One for killing, the other's for... OK the other's also for killing.""There are lots of references to other video games and movies and TONS of secrets for you to discover so check every corner and leave no stone unturned 'cus there's always something to find.It's just plain and simple, none stop mayhem, one-liner packed, demon slaying old-school fun.Just go in there and get Wanged! -Guns don't kill demons, Wang kills demons.One of the best games of 2013!The game is Wangerful!So go ahead, make my day...and buy this game!"
,Recommended,233130,12749073,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Duane Dibbley,"Excellent, meaty, visceral melee and gunplay. Hilarious one liners, great story, excellent humour, collectables, secret areas, boss battles, great level variety, and upgradable weapons and abilities which are meaningful and satisfying. If you ever wanted to feel like you were back in the classic 90s era of FPSs like Wolf3D, Doom, or Duke Nukem 3D but upgraded and perfected for the modern era, this is it.What Duke Nukem Forever should have been like. Can't get enough of that Wang."
,Recommended,233130,9793302,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,AngryBoz68,"Shadow Warrior is a retro-inspired reboot of the original Shadow Warrior classic from 1997.Story is pretty well-written for a game of this type.  The humor is light-hearted and witty and avoids being overly immature.  The banter between Lo Wang and Hoji is excellent and the game has enough great ""Wang"" jokes to fill a book.The game has a lot of content.  There are 17 large, but linear levels with a good amount of secrets and easter eggs to discover.  The campaign took me roughly 20 hours to complete on normal difficulty.  Once you get through the campaign there are options that open up for an EX playthrough where you get to playthrough again and keep all of your upgrades as well as an Expert playthrough where you start from scratch and get no savepoints mid-level.  There was also a free Survival Mode added in by the developers post-release so there is definitely a lot of value here for the money.Combat flowed very smooth and was nicely varied.  Shadow Warrior follows a Serious Sam style gameplay where enemies can come in large groups and cover is largely irrelevant.  You get a good number of weapons added to your arsenal as you progress through the game and can carry all of them with you.  The combat also has a fantastic melee element with the katana that you start the game with.  I found the katana to be the main weapon of choice throughout the game, as it seemed a bit overpowered compared to the guns, and the ""Kill Bill"" style dismemberments and decapitations were very satisfying.There is also a nice progression and upgrade system that adds even more to the combat system.  You can train skills and obtain KI powers that allow Lo Wang to move faster, heal himself better and gain special combat abilities and special combos.  You can also upgrade each of the games weapons to make them even more effective.Overall I was surprised at how good this game was.  It managed to sufficiently modernize the classic Shadow Warrior while keeping true to the old-school FPS style gameplay.  In this regard Shadow Warrior was able to accomplish what Duke Nukem Forever was not able to.  If you are a fan of old-school, fast paced FPS action with a satirical sense of humor then I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,233130,16500396,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Alenonimo,"Imagine playing Doom, but with a katana and you're Deadpool.Buy it."
,Recommended,233130,8021329,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Vampcinda,"Shadow Warrior is an ultra-fast hack 'n slash FPS game propelled forward in a blinding pace with action packed combat using guns, explosives, magic and a deadly katana in an incredibly varied setting with some of the most stunning visuals I have seen to date. Add on top of that a deep and compelling story garnished with tons of humor and cliché catch-phrases that could make you wonder if the game was not taking itself very serious; an assumption you will soon come to realize is as false as false can be.The new Shadow Warrior is not so much a remake of the original, but rather a re-envisioning of the old 1997 release. The zaney humor, the slice-and-dice gamplay and Lo Wang the protagonist is still the main drive of the game, but the experience  of this latest incarnation as a whole is a much more greater, better and more enthralling undertaking.You still play as the not-so-subtle Lo Wang, a martial arts expert with an ego of some considerable size. Very early on, due to some minor complications with a powerful japanese entrepreneur (or mafia boss, basically), you get hitched up with a demonic spirit named Hoji, who gifts you with magical powers and guides you through a trail-blazing adventure to collect 3 pieces of an ancient and powerful sword - the Nobitsura Kage. Your agenda for this undertaking is to retrieve the sword for your boss, who will pay a handsome reward for the blade. Hoji's agenda, however, is an entirely different one, and you are getting more and more involved in it with every (quick) step.Shadow Warrior is one of the rare FPS games with an actual story worth listening to. In fact, it tells a story that one would have expected from a grand role playing game, or an adventure game. Every level brings gives you a little extra story and background lore, and every bit of information you uncover about Hoji's story and the legend of the Nobitsura Kage makes you realize that this game is something special. I can tell you this much; the number of FPS games that have moved me so deeply that I was in tears and goosebumps at the end are few and far inbetween. But Shadow Warrior is one such.The gameplay features a decent arsenal of deadly weapons, from handguns and shotguns, dual uzis to flame throwers, a high-powered crossbow and even a rocket launcher. Each weapon can be upgraded for extra functionality or alternate fire modes through an upgrade menu that is accessible ay any time. Purchasing an upgrade costs money, which can be found throughout the games by looting chests and cabinets or simply lying around the environment. As such, exploring each level is recommended.But the staple weapon of the game is no doubt the Katana. The melee combat in Shadow Warrior is eminent. It it fast, fun, spectacular and very skill-based. You can perform fast and precise dodges while chaining multiple different slashes and powerful magical attacks to create devastating combos on your opponents who you will literally be slicing and dicing into little bits. Heads, arms, legs and even torsos will fly in sprays of blood. Killing enemies in specatular and varied ways will reward you with Karma (and you can dispatch of them in truly varied ways once you unlock and master the many different attacks) which you can spend in the upgrade menu to improve Lo Wang's many different attributes. Deal more damage, move faster, increased health, chance of finding more and better loot and so on and so forth.Again, exploration is a key word. The more you explore, the more currency for your various upgrades you will find. Not to mention many funny and wacky easter eggs, such as hidden rooms created in the old 1997 style graphics with flat and boxy textures. The game is packed with secrets and hidden areas, usually containing extra Karma points. By use of Ki Crystals, which are found throughout the game, you unlock new special powers and magical abilities, which will not only make combat more crazy and fun, but also enhance your options of creating rewarding combos for added Karma rewards. This does, however, mean that if you do not perform too well in combat and don't explore much, the game will get increasingly difficult since you will be missing out on many of those vital upgrades.Another strong point of Shadow Warrior are the visuals. They are positively mind blowing! It is, without a doubt, one of the visually most stunningly beautiful games I have ever played. The game takes you through a multitude of different environments, from pink cherry blossom gardens to great bamboo forests, to underground caverns littered with stalagmites and stalagtites and even into the Shadow Realm, a strange and mysterious plane of existence that is arguably even more gorgeous than the afore mentioned areas. Through and through the game is sugary-sweet eye candy that actually leaves you time and opportunity to walk around and enjoy it to the fullest.Do not be mislead by the story, exploration and RPG-like upgrades though, Shadow Warrior is still a true arcade ""twitch"" FPS game at heart. It is fast, relentless and brutal. There is no emphasis on realism or tactics what-so-ever. More often than not you are swarmed by 10, 15 or even 20 enemies all at once. It is a pure-breed hack 'n slash, shoot 'n scoot powerhouse based on a completely liniar level progression, and nearly all combat scenarios are triggered events. You walk into a designated area, and portals will spawn to spill forth throngs of enemies. Chop them up and move to the next area, then rinse and repeat. Luckily, doing this is SO MUCH FUN!I really am struggling to think of any downsides to this game. It has just been an enjoyment from start to finish.Synopsis:+ Excellent arcade FPS action with many weapons and superb controls+ Some of the best melee sword combat I've experienced+ Rewards exploration; easter eggs and  secrets aplenty+ Lots of humor and nods to the old 1997 game+ Incredible graphics and varied level design+ Deep and enthralling story+ Hoji- Dodging often gets you killed in stupid ways- Needs a fairly strong computer to run well with graphics on high- Sword attacks are sometimes unresponsive if chained together too quickly- Certain weapons sometimes ""lock up"" and don't fire if you just switched to them- The game can be quite punishing if you do not explore or score good karma during combat- Bossfights; they are challenging yes, but all of them use the exact same mechanic. After seeing the first, you've seen them all"
,Recommended,233130,34423269,Posted: 22 August,all,֍ Lorax ֎,* Buys the game. *Only game I dont regret buying.Goes free...
46516973687635648,Recommended,233130,599561,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,shaq..,GOTD - Game of the Decade!-Topnotch Graphics-Very Good Soundtrack/Effects/Voice-acting-Epic Fast-Paced Movement/Gameplay and one of the best if not the best Melee-Combat ever implemented into a Game.overall badass PC-GameDon't sleep on this one!
,Recommended,233130,32128989,Posted: 2 June,all,K'oS,PROS:- FUN!- GORE!- HUMOUR!CONS:- WHERE THE ♥♥♥♥ DO I GO?- WHY IS ITT STILL $39.99?SHOULD I GETT IT?♥♥♥♥ YEAH!!!
76561198003838639,Recommended,233130,22733650,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,ミル・ウイルム,+Touching story+Gore+Interesting skill system+Weapon variety and upgrades+Jokes and puns-Shadow Warrior 2 isn't out yet
,Recommended,233130,9753093,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,ArmoredPuppy,"I'll start off by saying I really enjoyed this game. If you like to play by yourself, and with a Wang, this game is for you. This game captures the old school feel well, without trying too hard. Unless you're impatient, this should last you about 15-20 hours minimum.Lo Wang is a likeable lead character, and his buddy Hoji, while annoying at first, becomes very charming. You may roll your eyes at the start when you meet the two of them, but they quickly grew on me.The combat in this game is very fluid and full of action. The pacing is simplistic, and straight forward, with lots of secrets to explore if that's what you're interested in. You can upgrade Lo Wang himself, his abilites, and his weapons as well. The guns give you all the basics with a few extras. All the guns can be upgraded with bonus abilities, which adds a little spice to the arsenal, but none of them felt very satisfying to use. Not to say they were bad, just rather plain. The Crossbow is the exception, which I felt was most enjoyable once you upgraded it.The sword play and health system are notably good IMO. Sword combat is strong and mixes well with the guns, with neither one being obviously better than the other. The health system allows you to regenrate a percentage of your total health using a healing ability, which doesn't stop you from firing your guns or swinging your sword. You can also upgrade your max health, and med kits allow you to heal above your max health giving you some bonus HP.The difficulty is something I took issue with though. I played on Hard for 99% of the game, and most of it was fairly manageable. It felt like I was playing something that would be considered ""Normal"" most of the time. Every now and then however, I found myself facing a part that had a huge spike in difficulty. It's not that the game is too hard, it just gets wildly inconsistent in difficulty throughout.I'd give it a solid 8/10. $40 is a bit much for this game ($20 being my ideal price), especially since it has no multiplayer, no co-op, and it lacks notable replay value. To their credit, they did later put in a free mode called Survival, where you fight endless monsters. Though, without co-op, or any real point to it, it's more of a time waster when you don't have enough time to commit to something else. Still, they added free content, and gives a little more life blood to the game.That all said, they did a good job with this one, and because of that I am going to check out Hard Reset, and hope they continue to make games."
76561198026705042,Recommended,233130,18115062,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,𝓝𝓪𝓪𝓻𝓲𝓼,"I paied for it less than 3 euros, I have played more than 18 hours so... It worth.Beside that, lets see...Do you like blood? There is a lot of blood, oceans of blood would be more correct.Action? Yep, you won't rest.Graphics? Japanese ambient, cherry trees, temples...Are good the graphics? Yep.Story? Well, there are 17 chapters. You will get lost for about 4 of them because you will only kill, dismember, burn etc but the story is good and you will get shocked at the end.Controls? Easy, you will feel powerfull!!So, If you want to enjoy killing a lot, a lot... a lot!!! of demons, play it. :Dhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=511800994"
,Recommended,233130,32031746,Posted: 28 May,all,TheBeatBoys,"Just now finished this game. Got it during a sale for $4. Honestly, the game is worth it at full price.For those of you who never played it, the original Shadow Warrior is basically Duke Nukem 3D, but with an incredibly over the top (and frankly racist) parody of Asian culture painted on. From Lo Wang's broken English one liners (""Heh, you half the man you used to be,"" after cutting a man in half with a katana) to the strange and constant variation between Chinese and Japanese stylings (Chinese person, Japanese weapons, Chinese mythology mixed with Japanese mythology, etc) the game was purposely offensive on many levels, kinda like Hatred, but without all the media coverage (and brutal murdering of innocents).This reboot is certainly more tasteful than the original. Lo Wang still spouts silly one liners, but they're spoken in perfect English, without any ridiculous accents, and are generally less racially charged. The game still has this strange mix of Japanese and Chinese culture, but it's not as much insane parody and more of an elegant way of portraying the original aesthetic. Of course, the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ization of Eastern culture could still come off as offensive to some, but I feel that most will either not care, or find it amusing.In addition, there's an actual story this time. I really didn't expect anything from the story telling going in, as I just wanted to have a fun romp about generic asian city/hell and brutally destroy demons, but I was presently surprised by the writing. It's funny and witty, yet also grounded and serious at times. However, it is sometimes hard to follow, and leaves a lot of questions, but it's certainly more than passable.Gameplay is smooth and fun, with lots of special combos and excellent gunplay. In contrast to most modern fps games, no singular gun is awful and unusable (except maybe the flamethrower before upgrading it, that thing sucks) and the melee is neither over powered like Call of Duty nor underpowered like in the original Duke Nukem. The guns all feel powerful and hefty and in classic fashion you'll be using all 9 of them over and over again, frequently exhausting each gun's ammo. The ammo thing is kinda nice, because whereas in the original, ammo was found randomly, this game has a Borderlands style money and ammo system, where there are boxes with varying amounts of money and ammo scattered about every level.The upgrade and progression system is nothing new, but it serves its purpose just fine, with money powering weapon upgrades, Ki crystals powering power upgrades, and Karma points powering general skills. Every gun is very usable, especially after buying the right upgrades, and each upgrade is very significant. The skills are a little more subtle, but they really help in the long run (especially the one that lets you use a Warlord's head as a super weapon). The Ki powers are very useful, mainly for crowd control, but because of the way combos work, they frequently break your movement flow, making it harder to train around or dodge large amounts of enemies.Each level is filled with ""secrets"", which are usually either stashes of money or giant goblets of Karma blood. As far as I know, none of the secrets involve Ki crystals (pretty sure that those are all placed in your path or right next to it; I never missed one) so you can rest assured that you don't need to comb over the level a thousand times looking for them. Several levels also have little Easter Eggs, such as two bunnies screwing (and if you kill them it spawns a demon bunny that tries to kill you while death metal plays), or a hidden 2.5D classic Shadow Warrior themed room (with a killer bunny and a Karma goblet), or the very frequent appearance of showering 2D anime girls (you can find them through the fact that they're always singing - keep in mind that they are on the graphics level of the 1997 game, so they're far from arousing, haha).All in all, this game is very fun, and a great 11.5 hour shootout with thousands of demons and Yakuza. I'd reccomend it to any fans of Build Engine era games or anyone who wants to try that type of game without leaving behind the comforts of the modern shooter."
76561198048129138,Recommended,233130,18619241,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Dev/Null,"Take one part Duke Nukem 3D. Then mix some Japanese mythology with three parts Big Trouble in Little China, and you get this solid and very entertaining game. Praise Flying Hog Wild for remaking this 3D Realms classic. If you're an old-school gamer with a love for FPS games, then this is a must-have for your collection."
,Recommended,233130,19230738,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,murmen,This Game is ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME.Pros:-Badass Gunplay/Swordplay-Cool Powers/Skills-A Lot Of Fascinating Secrets/Easter Eggs-Hilarious Dialogue-Looks Pretty/ColorfulCons:-Evil Bunny That Gets Mad When I Interrupt His Sexy TimeSummary: Lo Wang Is The Baddest♥♥♥♥♥In Japan9.99/10
,Recommended,233130,14781664,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,TheDisableBore,""" If this was a videogame, that would have been worth a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of points! ""- Lo Mother-♥♥♥♥in Wang+ AWESOME melee combat and shooting+ One-liner simulator+ Hilarious humor and characters+ Great visuals+ Nice soundtrack+ Smooth controls+ Tons of secrets and easter eggs!+ Solid performance and no bugs+/- Repetitive combat to some extent and few enemy types- Confusing levels ( sometimes )+\- Complicated double tap pressing for using powers ( you get used to it eventually )"
,Recommended,233130,32921781,Posted: 28 June,all,Invasion,"A game you should probably play if you like fps. If you don't like fps, don't bother (IMO)+ Gunplay+ Humor+ New weapon pacing is good- Repetitive encounters- All bosses are basically the same, dodge big things and shoot glowing things- Enemy designGameplay was fun enough to finish the game. For a game from 2013, that should suffice."
,Recommended,233130,14532421,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Fherrera,"i bought this game, expected something easy-going and casual fun shooter game...turns out that it was one of the hardest game i have ever played10/10"
,Recommended,233130,17611371,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Flying Wild HogPublishers:Devolver DigitalInitial release:Sept 2013Genre:Action, FPS, Swordplay#Worth/NotWorth:#WorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationThis one came out of nowhere for me. I never played the original back in 1997 as I was busy saving the world from nuclear destruction during the Shadow Moses incident.….One of the things that threw me was the game in steam is tagged as being funny. Which it is but not at first. The characters start to grow on you as you progress through the game. Then become actually funny though admittedly some of the things are timely references. Also the main character is named Lo Wang. So think of anything that can be supplanted by Wang. Its in there. (There is even a George Carlin quote on a fortune cookie, which is a collectible)The plot of the game is pretty much a bunch of demons try to get a sword called the Nobitsura Kage. Which, for what it is, remains fairly interesting throughout. It also seems rather serious at times which is part of what threw me off from the funny tag.THE GAMEPLAYHoly crap, I will honestly miss the gameplay here. Its so smooth, fast and fun. Swordplay mixed with gunplay but lets be honest you came here to cut♥♥♥♥♥♥up. And it feels great. As you gain more powers and abilities. Firing your weapon while healing or shielding, switching back to your sword while shielding to withstand a barrage to get in close. You truly feel like you have control over both hands. You totally get to be a badass ninja. Though on the downside, the guns feel little underpowered rather they sound underpowered. But that's a very minor complaint.You gain Karma points which are used to upgrade things like stats, how much healing and stamina recovery is gained on pickups. Ki crystals which correlate to abilities such as shockwave and flux which stun enemies and similar effects. And all the money you find goes into buying upgrades for the weapons themselves.There really is nothing quite as satisfying as watching a demon jump through a portal, rushing in on him and cutting its head off in one fell swoop with a well placed swing.My only complaint about the movement is be vary weary of stairs, dashing down them seems to make you accelerate and instantly kill you. It seems to have you dash horizontally along the X axis then drop you rather than just move quickly up and down them. Which tapping L.Shift makes you dash, holding makes you sprint. So plan your descent down the stairs.I'll end by saying one of the more memorable funny bits during the game. After killing one of the bosses Wang says “Weak as a babies fart” I'm not sure why but it made me laugh out loud. I think it was the timing.Follow my curation for more"
,Recommended,233130,21865340,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Fid,"Ahhh, senseless violence against evil demon things. This is one of those games that focus mostly on gameplay, giving the player a fun, non-stressful, almost relaxing experience. These are the games I truly love."
76561198155318419,Recommended,233130,32795391,Posted: 25 June,all,I like bacon,"Bought this on sale, not dissappointed. It feels as if this is the Deadpool game done from a first person perspective in Japan. I found myself using the sword because it is so much more fun to hack and slash. The guns are good too, and the skill system is decent. The script is well written, and the various jokes are funny. The opening of every chapter (level) has a funny quote from later on and it is very amusing to see it pop up later. For 3.99, its a steal."
,Recommended,233130,5552862,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,id.dav81,"I pretty much dislike the word ""old-school""! There' only a bad or a good design desicions, nothing else. SW is how a modern PC FPS is meant to be done! Among extremely fun sword combat, satisfying shooting, I'd like to point out SW's amasing art part, everything is done with strong japaneese cultural, mithological aspect and vision. Strong atmosphear, gorgeous levels and fun/hardcore action!One of the best PC FPS of the decade! No doubt! Must have!!!"
,Recommended,233130,25043585,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,С Г エ χ,"I don't think I've ever played a game before this one where I thought, ""I have to kill fast, and bullets are too slow"""
76561198065510503,Recommended,233130,16166313,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,aniki,This game is racist towards Asians.I am Japanese.I throughly enjoyed this game.I dishonred my family.
,Recommended,233130,20466005,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,bullex,"Shadow Warrior is one of the best FPS games that I've ever played in my life! You take control over Lo Wang, a cocky guy who has to do some exchange for his boss. Things are going sour, you're getting ambushed and you end up teaming up with equally cocky demon (sic!). That's the beginning of really interesting story that I'm not going to spoil here.Let's just say that your first (and main) weapon is a katana. And boy, did they make this weapon enjoyable to use :) You also have guns. Lots of guns. Machine gun, flamethrower, crossbow, ninja stars, freaking disembodied demon's head... And you can hold all of them, which is rare for games released nowadays.You also have 3 types of upgrades (and 3 'currencies' so to speak to use for said upgrades). Weapon enchancements, powers and skills. You can unlock special attacks, healing boost, defensive moves, special powerful katana attacks, variety is stunning.The game encourages exploration. There are a lot of secrets scattered through the game there's also few easter eggs (for example: try to disturb two bunnies which have intimate moment together ;)Controls are nice and responsive. Your special moves are done by pressing certain combination of buttons. It's fluent and simple. You also have dash move, which comes in handy suprisingly often.Graphics and aesthetic are great.Enemies are crazy and satisfying to kill. There are also 3 big boss battles, and I mean big. Like you are fighting an enemy who's like 50 meters high :PI have only two pet peeves with this game:First - at a certain point you can clearly see the 'ambush' sort of gameplay that they tried to use. Like you find some important object and bam, it's an ambush, enemies swarming you left and right. It's not Call of Duty bad, where if you don't move the enemies will respawn infinetely (well, disregard :P they will until you kill the spawner :P). Nah, it's obvious what they tried to do. It's not horrible, but pretty transparent and somewhat annoying at times. Good that killing enemies is so fun :PSecond - there's no map. The game is quite linear, but there are still some parts of the game where I just got lost and didn't know what to do next (usually it had something to do with finding a certain spot to plant explosives or press a button on the wall somwhere)All in all - Shadow Warrior is really great game and it saddens me that crap like Call of Duty sells millions of copies and enjoyable gems like Shadow Warrior are neglected.9/10!"
,Recommended,233130,13039196,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Confused Minotaur,"Launched the game, played 5 hours straight, here is the review.Positives:-The combat. What makes this game worth it, what makes it insanely fun is its combat. You use a variety of weapons, spells in the form of ki powers, special attacks and a lot more.-Skill, weapon and ki customization.The game has a very nice skill customization system that lets you alter the flow of the combat but unlike other games the customization doesn't make you regret that you didn't choose the other path of skills. You get points to upgrade by performing well in combat or finding secrets. You can upgrade your katana skills to unlock amazing and very useful skills like doing a spin that cuts all enemies around you or charging your sword to send a travelling wave that cuts anything in its path. And you can get other skills such as increasing your stamina to dash more often in battle. I never felt I was in a shortage of points and never felt underpowered and that was very nice.The weapons. You pick up lots of weapons through the game. Your first weapon is a Japanese revolver and you can pick up things like shotguns, crossbows, etc. I am a fan of Japan so the game sticking to a Japanese style made me very happy. The weapons stick to the Japanese style as well (The smg has a rising sun painted on its side and other things) so no need to worry about guns feeling out of space when your sword is sheathed. There aren't many customization options but the ones avalaible are sufficient enough because they upgrade the weapons a lot such as dual wielding for smg.You don't need to upgrade the katana's damage with money because you pick up the upgrades by playing the game, that way the game doesn't force you to decide between katana or weapon. You use them both. ♥♥♥♥ing Samurai Hitman.There are also Ki powers that you unlock through the game. You get the points for these not very often so you got to spend your points right. They are extremely fun and essential to combat. There is one I use all the time and upgraded to its max potential that creates a shockwave that travels where you cast it and makes the enemies float for a period of time and let you murder them.-Graphics and style.The game has a style that mixes Japanese and Chinese cultures but the Japanese side is a lot more dominant. Seeing The Great Wave off Kanagawa while looting houses makes me very happy :D The combat and everything else sticks to this Japanese theme very well. But there are Chinese things mixed in as well, such as Lo Wang or how some places are designed.The game looks great but I think its more because of the map and enemy design than graphics. Graphics are nice but not great. They are not at the point of hurting your eyes but they are certainly not the best.-StoryThe concealed build up, the rainy ending. It was a lot more than I expected. This is the best example how a story is made.Negatives:-Can be repetitive or underwhelming at times.The game is certainly filled with combat, amazing map design and amazing encounters that do not let you take a break but sometimes the going can be underwhelming. Even Lo Wang comments on this once, says Oh another massacre, what a nice change of pace. I cannot stress this enough,the pace is absolutely fast and the envirnoments, encounters are breathtaking. But this very fast pace can be underwhelming after a time.-I haven't finished the game but I imagine the longevity of the game will be a problem.The price tag is not very low if you do not catch a discount, and the game is not that long. I am probably close to the middle of the game with 5 hours of gameplay so consider that wihle buying.----That was the only negative that affected me, the next two negatives will be just trying my hardest to find something bad in the game since finding something bad in this game is not an easy task.----GraphicsThe graphics felt a little bit off at the start but its nothing to block the game at all.-More skills maybe ?------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Suprisingly amazing, buy it."
,Recommended,233130,7901830,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Visceral,"Shadow Warrior brought me, what I would consider, a lot of good gameplay hours. The sword combat may start off slow, but it definitely gets a lot better as you learn demonic powers and different styles of sword techniques. The guns in the game also have a Bioshock upgrade system. Each gun comes with the ability to be upgraded 3 times and gives them new abilities along with making it easier to blow stuff up.If you like massive carnage, blowing up just about every object in the world and katana sword play, Shadow Warrior doesn't disappoint. It is only single player, but I feel like that's a positive thing since all their time was focused into the main story. Also easily one of the most challenging games if played on the hardest difficulty. Definitely snag this one during a sale if you are looking for a nice game to tear♥♥♥♥♥♥up in."
,Recommended,233130,32235625,Posted: 7 June,all,MW2K,"I got this game when it was on special - I doubt it's worth full price. It's good, but it brings nothing new to the FPS scene.The goodExcellent weapon varietyGood powers and skillsOccasionally good level designRaging musicFortune cookies are a hootThe badNot as funny or as fresh as the original - Lo Wang's wisecracks seem forced.Lots of backtrackingRepetitive and sometimes annoying fightsStory occasionally makes little senseLimited monster/enemy varietyNot particularly special in any area (apart from skills/powers)"
,Recommended,233130,16554962,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,cinc,Slash bunny with katanadeath metal starts playingbunny turns black with demonic eyesbunny starts kicking my♥♥♥♥♥11/bunny
,Recommended,233130,24621577,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,BeardedShaggyFellow,“Shadow Warrior is probably better than Half Life 3.” ~ TotalBiscuitYeah... its true
,Recommended,233130,17536829,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Tyrrrz,Serious Sam meets ancient Japan. Best $2 i've ever spent.
,Recommended,233130,22485512,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Geralt of Trivia,"If you like FPS games, you will love this game.If don't like FPS games, like me, you'll  have fun in this game.If you like funny easter eggs, you will like this game.If you like kicking♥♥♥♥♥with a katana, you will like this game.If you like to get butt♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in boss fights, you'd get plenty of that in this game. Seriously, I got ♥♥♥♥ed pretty badly in the pre-pre-final boss fight!Anyway, it's good, funny, enjoyable game with a decently long campaign, a strong and interesting story, and can be very though at times. Specially if you suck at FPS, like me.Recommended, specially if on sale."
,Recommended,233130,28336386,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,ArtificialRaven,"Shadow Warrior is a remake of the classic Shadow Warrior from the 90's. Played on an i5 4460 and a gtx 1060 I was able to run the game +60fps on Ultra using a 1080p resolution. Mouse and Keyboard are preferred however the game is programmed for gamepads as well. On a technical level this game is very well optimized.You play as Lo Wang, an assassin who works for a Japanese millionaire business owner named Orochi Zilla. The setup is Zilla gives Wang a briefcase with 2 million dollars in it and sends him to go purchase a very special Katana called the Nobitsura Kage from a man named Mizayaki. Mizayaki refuses and knocks Wang out with the help of mysterious ghost-like entity. When Wang wakes up he discovers demons are roaming everywhere and this is where the game truly begins.This is a first person shooter with arena encounters much like those in the Serious Sam and Painkiller games. Which means you go through the stage until you get locked in a big room and can't leave until you've defeated waves of enemies. Not just that but there are plenty of hidden secrets that can be found throughout the game by exploring each area. The rewards do make a difference in Lo Wangs power by being able to purchase upgrades earlier. Speaking of upgrades...There's an upgrade system that lets you upgrade 3 different types of abilities; Weapons, which costs money. Skills, which costs Karma points and Powers which costs Ki Crystals. Weapons will be found at specific parts of the game and include things like a revolver, sub machine gun, shotgun, crossbow, flame thrower and rocket launcher. The money it takes to upgrade these things can be found in lootable containers or randomly on the ground or from hidden gold statue thingies. Skills enhance many things such as maximum hit points, stamina, the amount of money and bullets you find, extra damage to demons and stuff along those lines. You can also learn different Katana techniques which I talk a bit more about below. Skills are strictly upgraded through Karma Points which can be found from Karma Chalices placed throughout the game and also killing demons with combos & clearing full demon enounters quickly. Lastly, Powers are created through the use of Ki (pronounced chi in this game). There's no Ki meter or anything so Powers can be used infinitely. With Ki Powers you can do things such as heal yourself up to 60% of you main health (80% fully upgraded) or defend yourself with a Ki Shield. Ki Powers can only be upgraded using Ki Crystals which are hard to miss and found through natural game progression.Certain skills and powers can used with the Katana by double clicking a movement direction and pressing attack or alternate attack keys/buttons provided you've purchased them via upgrade system. Guns can be upgraded to have an exceptionally powerful alternate fire but it'll cost you some major dosh. There's a stamina meter in this game and it is limited so you can not run and dash out of harm's way indefinitely. Don't fret just yet though, stamina automatically recharges! The recharge speed and maximum amount can be increased via upgrades, so there is that. There's an acceptable amount of enemy variety that includes lesser demons such the obligatory cannon fodder enemies. Ranged ones that shoot fireballs. Some flyers that shoot fireballs. Some annoying ones that teleport. Then you have greater demons which you may as well consider mini-bosses. Greater Demon Warlords have huge health pools, can pull you towards them or shoot beams at you (they do more than that, don't worry ;). With a specific skill upgrade you can actually turn their decapitated head into a devastating, room clearing weapon. There are a few very satisfying Boss fight encounters that I found fun, each with their own gimmick.There are 17 chapters/stages and each stage is HUGE with lots to explore. There isn't a lot in the way of puzzle variety. It's usually press these switches or find this key or destroy those statues to break a seal on a door. The main focus is on combat, obviously, with some puzzles I've mentioned thrown in there along with the occasional cutscene. The game can take 10+ hours on average to complete. There are multiple levels of difficulty and even a New Game Plus mode they call EX mode.The music and sound design are decent. The sound effects of the Katana were great however I did find the sound effects used for the guns kind of lackluster. They didn't feel like they had a lot of punch. As for the graphics, beautiful. They hold up very well and each stage looks like it was designed with a lot of care and thought. The bamboo forests and pagodas are great looking and some of the more industrial locations later on do too.I was a big fan of the classic Shadow Warrior and I can say that Flying Wild Hog did a great job creating a similar theme as the original even if the tone might be a bit lighter. The story is a lot better than what you would expect from a limb filled gorefest like this. I quite enjoyed it and had a blast playing. The pacing seemed pretty dang good. The only time it seemed to really slow down and falter was in the last couple of chapters but by then the game is almost over. So by the time it got old I was about to finish anyway.Highly recommend it, I'd put it right up there with modern remakes of other old FPS games like DOOM 2016 and Wolfenstein: The New Order. Great stuff here, we got a gem."
,Recommended,233130,11964699,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Mark-IV,"Amazing game. Great graphics. Good plot. Great gampaign length. Great gameplay, Lots of gore. I am impressed. I wasn't expecting this game to be this much good. It's great to see Shadow Warrior making an excelent comeback to modern times. I am completely satisfied."
76561198027692026,Recommended,233130,25036278,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Jamez,"Why buy Shadow Warrior? Because it's a 1st person shooter with demonic creatures in it, like Doom - and who doesn't like Doom? Zombies have for long now overcrowded most of the shooting games, pushing all kinds of hellspawn out of the picture. So, when I came across Shadow Warrior, it felt refreshing and old school at the same time.I'd say, that the game starts out rather weak. The first few level designs are not that great, for example objects you can interact with look very similar to objects you can't interact with. Also the arenas where the action takes place feel clumsy and uncomfortable to traverse. On top of that, before you haven't unlocked any abilities the fighting is extremely linear and boils down to how fast you can click the mouse button. I can imagine, that it's easy to consider giving up at this point.But it get's better, way better. Once you start unlocking all kinds of cool abilities and level up your character, the fighting becomes very diverse. The weapons are cool and new upgrades completely alter their behavior. The level design miraculously catches up and the game becomes prettier with every new chapter. The arenas in the second half of the game are havens of bloodbath and massacre and truly carry the essence ofgood 1st person shooters.As you advance, new types of monsters come and try to get the best of you - this is where the fighting actually becomes tactical, since it's best to take out certain types of enemies first while saving others to harvest them for extra health. Bullets are plentiful in this game, but you want to share them accordingly.The dialogues are heavy on humor, but focused on one-liners and below-the-waist jokes, which in it's own way helps to paint a picture of the protagonist as of a straightforward, no-bs, shoot-first-ask-later type of guy and as such has it's role to play. But, behind all the crackers and punchlines, there's actually a really deep and beautiful story with an oriental understanding of relationships, honour and revenge.As a con, I have to point out, that the major boss battles were copies of each other and really didn't put up much of a challenge once you knew what you had to do.Verdict:If you were into games like Quake, Serious Sam and Duke Nukem, chances are, that you'll like Shadow Warrior. However, the flipside of this is, that it feels like an oldie, a game from decades bygone, with all the bells and whistles of a modern game, but an old-timer nevertheless."
76561197993903452,Recommended,233130,12797631,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Cur8or,"If you're going to play one FPS this year, play this one."
,Recommended,233130,25816207,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,petskuletsku,One of the best and most unique FPS games i have ever played.The story is good and game has great replay value.Its very fun to play and gives great value for the money.
,Recommended,233130,25775638,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,TimmyTheTurtleLord,Like swords?Like guns?Like using swords and guns to annihilate everything in you path?Then this is the game for you10/10Also don't forget to fight the hidden bossdemon bunny
,Recommended,233130,7761478,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Ggdograa,"Good reboot that tries too hard to be ""old-school"" but is fun while it lasts.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D3GG6xbevhg"
76561198093118937,Recommended,233130,25554058,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,[§][WHaAAaaAa][§],"You can play ofc different lvl's , from easy to insane and hero style.It will take around 30/40 hours to complete the game on insane mode.The surroundings can look great with a good video card.Achievements are good and kinda fun to unlock along the way.Katana is your main weapon , also enough other choices in weapons.You can unlock many skills in this game.To Heal yourself , Extra dmg , More guns , Special attacks and a lot more.This game goes in sale all the time for $3,49.If you wait for that amount then it's very worth it to buy it."
,Recommended,233130,34268334,Posted: 15 August,all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"Unlike DOOM (2016), Wolfenstein: The New Order, Rise of the Triad (2013) and Duke Nukem Forever, all games that adhere to their old-school roots being reimagined for modern audiences, Shadow Warrior (2013) is perhaps one that is more interpretive of the original.  Various elements of its gunplay, level-design and enemy placement are not based on old-school designs but rather the arena-style shooters like Serious Sam, Painkiller and Hard Reset. This isn’t surprising as the developers behind this reboot were involved in the last two mentioned games, and it’s perhaps more appropriate to state they were inspired by the original Shadow Warrior to innovate the game into a new genre as well as polish their previous games’ ideas into a new standard of arena-shooters.Different Strokes for Different WangsAs previously mentioned, there are various decisions made that make Shadow Warrior (2013) not a faithful recreation of the original but a game of its own design, which is fine because the game itself remains as enjoyable as the classic. This is the difference between a game deviating from the original for the worse like Duke Nukem Forever which misunderstands how its changes impacted the original designs and a game that takes those changes in mind to create a new game for the better.Instead of non-linear, open environments of the original, the maps of SW13 are more open-areas with set objectives and enemy encounters that DOOM (2016) would also rely on to spawn waves upon waves of enemies. Weapons remain personal touches of Lo Wang’s arsenal with more practicality than the original’s weapons along with having multiple functions in combat, now with a progression system that really isn’t necessary but it manages to not be cumbersome of an experience. This progression system is rewarded mainly by the player’s “skill rating” during combat that is never properly explained how it’s rated, yet it encourages the player to use their full arsenal effectively instead of sticking with the katana. Secrets and the level of interactivity with every level remains a benefit of the gameplay as it keeps the linear elements of the game from feeling too restrictive. This is a major improvement from Hard Reset where the level design felt dull, and SW13 is a remarkable change for FWG. All these elements combined create an experience that makes a name for itself that adheres to the core ideas of the original.Probably the most notable addition to the series is the changes to sword-play that is promoted through the visual options to change the katana into Serious Sam’s sledgehammer and Saints Row 3’s Penetrator as well as in the Redux version of Hard Reset. In the original, while the sword remained an effective tool for taking out ghouls and a few ninjas on the first few levels, the sword itself was never the main weapon of Lo Wang as his guns were more effective. The reboot instead encourages its liberal usage with the additional flair of the gory animations, the combo-moves for the sword as well as Chi powers that range from grapples, shields and a healing ability that will mainly keep the player alive. The sword and Chi powers really are the star of the gameplay itself as Lo Wang can knock enemies back, disarm them, break their shields and control the crowds in stylish scenes of carnage with the wittiness of the original given a bromance comedy between a younger, nerdier Lo Wang and his friend, Hoji.Fortune Says: There Will Come Soft Rains After Much LaughterPerhaps the one quality of the SW13 that surprised me the most was how much Flying Wild Hog has improved their own storytelling to create a memorable narrative for a series based on crude humor. Humor has always been a hallmark of the Build Engine games whether they were the action hero one-liners of Duke Nukem, the twisted, dark comedy of Caleb or the caricatures of pop culture for Lo Wang. While it remains an important aspect of the reboot, the emphasis on its storyline is a welcome edition as well as additional characters to work off the new personality of Lo Wang.Although the pop-cultural aspect of Lo Wang in the original was somewhat muted to his constant wang jokes, Lo Wang has always been a geeky character that made him endearing from the original’s jabs at Monty Python and other video-game references. In SW13, Lo Wang is now a younger mercenary for hire who talks about comic-books, quote action-movie one-liners with mistakes every now and then, and acts as a selfish hero who mainly cares for money that he has his own Batman styled Wang Cave where he keeps all his most prized possessions. While it’s not the same Lo Wang, it’s believable to understand how he will become the grizzled, raunchy old Ninja of the classic game. This is mainly benefited by the side-characters, mainly supported by the banter between Lo Wang and Hoji.This is where the narratively mainly stems from as it tells a more complicated, serious storyline about the fate of the world and the Shadow Realm that has caused so much destruction while also humoring the player with the bromance that develops between these two horrible personalities that become favorable to one another as they’re both jerks to one another. The narrative is as much about Lo Wang as Hoji himself, and as a result the storyline meshes in the crude-humor with the harshness of its narrative to create a storyline that truly is one of the best old-school FPS stories of all time. The narrative even benefits the game itself as the pursuit in rebuilding the Nobasura Kage for the final level rewards the player with the cathartic, over-powered destruction after overcoming the ever-stacking odds that had led up to that moment of the adventure. Even the cop-out fight for Zilla nor the somber tone of the ending can take away the experience, and the rains that follow the joys of laughter help make the player truly become one with the Wang.Shadows of the Past Cast Farther Than the FutureNow, I would be lying if I said that the game isn’t without many flaws, and it’s largely due to the gameplay itself because it’s no longer a traditional old-school FPS experience. The important thing is none of these issues really hamper the experience.Enemies do not have the same careful differentiation as DOOM (2016), though the original neither had a clear distinction as well, and the boss-fights are somewhat lackluster despite how interesting they are as spectacles. As a similar problem with DOOM (2016), the constant waves after waves of enemies are not as memorable as the careful enemy placement with the environment. However, SW13 succeeds far better in keeping the variety fresh with a colorful variety of levels and a constant pace with its new enemies and new weaponry to keep the experience engaging to the end. Even the progression system, which starts off making guns feel limp, quickly becomes more satisfying after a few levels and upgrades that will make the NG+ modes and the harder difficulty options more rewarding than any thread-bare multiplayer additions.In short, Shadow Warrior (2013) is a remarkable game that never feels hampered by its traditions nor lacking by its changes to the formula similar to the success of Shovel Knight as it’s an experience that revels in the nostalgia yet is not controlled by the blindness of nostalgia. Whether you’re an old-school fan or someone who has never played the original, there is an experience worth playing that truly makes it one of the best examples of a modern FPS. The same, however, cannot be said of the sequel which strays too far from the original."
76561198010553452,Recommended,233130,23109497,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,IX MoNsTaR XI,"When I picked up this game, I didn't know what to expect.  Never heard of the publisher, the developer, no knowledge of the original, just grabbed it because it was on sale and the peer reviews were outstanding.  I was hooked after the first fifteen minutes.13 hours later, after the completion of my journey through the game, I am left grasping at thoughts, and expatiating at my adventure.  Everything about this game is beautiful, in so many ways.  This game is a time sucking quest that is so addictive it should be a schedule 1 drug.The environments you visit, the incredible journey you go through, is unforgettable.  By the end of the game I truly felt that you, the player, and the protagonist went through an arduous, heart-wrenching, happy, sad, tragic, hopeful, glorious journey.  And the ending to the journey...breathtaking.There are those games that are fun, and you can play it and play it, but after you're done, you're done.  You don't remember anything significant, you don't feel any different, you just traded your time for entertainment.  Shadow Warrior is an experience that will change you.  It's one of those games that ten years from now you will crave it.  You will remember the feels and the incredible adventure that it put you through and it will always bring up the emotions thus evoked.I have a Steam filter labeled ""Gems.""  Of my 648 games that I own, I have 17 gems, this is one of them.  Buy it, play it, love it, recommend it.  Great games and good developers/publishers need our support in this video game era of annual production cycles, copy-paste games, and money-grabbing DLC.-Monstar"
76561198103591851,Recommended,233130,22429896,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,likejagger5,"THIS IS HOW YOU DO A REBOOT!!!! take notes duke nukem forever, doom and blood, the shadow warrior series has some of the best guns in a FPS game it is even better than bioshock 1&2s guns with the DLC. the game is the best FPS of 2013 buy it now if you want a great challeging game, that is really really really fun to shoot guns in. it has a great story great survival game and very easy to very hard difficulties. this game is worth every cent and shadow warrior 2 is coming out so we will get more wang."
,Recommended,233130,7907573,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Malloc,"Really fun, and a far better homage to the original Shadow Warrior than I was expecting it to be.If you're familiar with the Holy Trinity of Build Engine games (Duke Nukem 3D, Shadow Warrior, and Blood) then there's going to be a lot in this game that hits your nostalgia strings in all the right places. It ""gets it"" in all the ways Duke Nukem Forever didn't; the guys at Flying Wild Hog know what made those games fun. Levels are big, twisty, and covered in secrets and interactive bits. There's a strong attempt to avoid the ""boxes and corridors"" design aesthetic that mostly succeeds, and the game flows at a fairly languid pace (when not in combat) that encourages exploration and messing about with your surroundings, only pressing on when *you* feel like doing it, not because the game is herding you forward.When you do get into combat, everything gets fast paced and very spatially aware. You're expected to dance around and use the entire space you're given in order to play the game, not take cover and wait for enemies to pop up so you can shoot at them. There's zero attempt made at realism and the game is brilliantly playable for it, most evident in the fact that your primary -- and really, if you feel like it, ONLY -- weapon in the game is a katana. You do get guns, sure, but it's made evident early on that really you're mostly here to re-enact the House of Blue Leaves scene from Kill Bill vol. 1 and just hack stuff apart with gleeful abandon until it gets boring. Which it never does.There's also a host of RPG-lite upgrades you can purchase using a somewhat alarmingly involved upgrade system. Every weapon can be upgraded in several different ways, there's magic spells to obtain and upgrade as well, and there's an entire subsystem of passive upgrades that can either shore up your weaknesses, specialize in a specific area, or just give you generic boosts like upping your ammo count or increasing the amount of money you can find from pickups. It's a nice carrot to dangle on the end of the exploration stick, and the rewards trickle down at a pleasant pace as you play.Graphics are far better than they really have any right to be. Everything is done up in a kind of Magical-Realism Japan style. Style takes top billing over practicality, and you'll be a bit terrified at how ridiculously *expensive* all these nice house interiors you're splattering with blood look, but it fits great with the game's warped sense of reality and adds a vaguely surreal, Tarantino-film kind of lens filter to the whole thing. Voice acting is also surprisingly good, with Hoji the Wisecracking Spirit Guide winning as one of the more amusing smartass sidekick/plot mcguffin elements ever seen in a non-Nintendo game.This game also updates the parody and plot along with the graphics and gameplay but doesn't forget what made everything in the original work. The humor in the original was a lowbrow (but hilarious) sendup of asian wushu/action movie stereotypes. Kinda like the films it was making fun of though, the humor in the original seems painfully dated if you go back and play it today. It was one of those things you could get away with back in the day when it was originally made, but trying it these days would fall flat. Flying Wild Hog knew this, and the update modernizes the humor without sanitizing it. Lo Wang is still named Lo Wang, and he's still cocky as all hell (if anything it's even worse now), but he's gotten an age shift to about 40 years younger and about 3 orders of magnitude less offensively stereotyped in every single thing he says. The jokes about his name come almost entirely from himself, and even then there's relatively few of them (and they tend to be better written). Mostly it's the banter between Wang and Hoji that paints the game's humor, and their love/hate relationship works out a lot better than original Wang spouting off one-liners in a horrible accent to himself for the entirety of the original game.tl;dr Flying Wild Hog pulled it off, and made a Shadow Warrior game that looks and plays exactly like the original game had been released in 2013 instead of 1997. Worth the full-price money if you like first person action games, and especially if you played the original. Consider it a must-buy if it goes on sale.Oh right, forgot to mention: Everything explodes when you shoot it. EVERYTHING. Cars? Explode. Motorcycles? Explode. Lampposts? Explode. Neon signs? Explode, somehow. Arcade machines? Boom. Air conditioners? Will kill everything in a 100 foot radius if you sneeze on them funny. Wood stoves? Shoot fire, then explode. Little pots full of coals with no discernable combustion method except they're vaguely fire-related as a stage prop? ♥♥♥♥ it, they also explode. Why not."
,Recommended,233130,7903019,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,DasBoSchitt,"Shadow Warrior is a type of game that the grey and brown, hand holding first person shooter genre needs more of.  It wins major points right off the bat for having an actual health meter, multiple weapon inventory and a satisfying combat system with tons of level secrets.  It also has some wonderful snarky humor in it that will give some decent chuckles here and there, playing of course as Lo Wang, the wisecracking samurai badass.  It seems like a game from the heavens compared to what's out there nowadays, but it's not without faults.The game is pretty easy on normal mode.  Your katana, while being the most satisfying weapon in the game to use, it's also quite overpowered right out of the gate.  You soak tons of hits, you have an unlimited healing ability right after the tutorial stage and the RPG elements can make an already hard to kill player into an unstoppable death machine, making most of the defensive upgrades feel like you really don't need them.  Personally the only real parts I got stuck on was getting lost in a few levels, but after all the hand holding games are doing these days, it was kind of refreshing not to have the game treat me like an idiot, allowing me to get lost here and there and navigate my own way around.In a nutshell, the game is fun and satisfying, but a little too easy, so if you do buy the game, you might consider cranking the difficulty up."
,Recommended,233130,22861818,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Fleetwood PC,Killed a rabbit while it was procreating with another one. Survivor became a demon rabbit and violently killed me while some Death Metal was playing.10/10 would prevent rabbits from having offspring again.
,Recommended,233130,8321887,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,AbyssalSoul,WANGTASTIC. 1000/100 GOTY.
,Recommended,233130,25335926,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Seany Boy Jap Rap,"An extremely fun game in which you hack and slash your way through hordes of demons utilizing your arsenal of powerful guns and magic to save the world.This game is amazing in my opinion. I shall now lay down some of my personal pros and cons.Pros:+Insanely fun swordplay+Nice level design+Cool guns to blast away at those pesky demons+Funny dialogue+Fun swords for slashing+Fortune cookies that hold the answers to life's questions+Slashy swords+Sword cleaningDid I say anything about the swords yet?+Cool upgrades and powers+Powers allow for more sword slashingNow for the cons:-I can't play this forever-Needs more demons to hack and slashIn all honesty, I really like this game, and I am SO HYPED FOR SHADOW WARRIOR 2!!!!"
,Recommended,233130,25813474,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,阿一古,非常不錯的日本武士風遊戲，場景和打鬥都有和風的味道，唯一不足的就是存檔系統有點蛋疼       - 7.5/10
,Recommended,233130,32342539,Posted: 11 June,all,Ayumi,in my opinion this is a very good game ; another classic brought back to life ;the story follows a modern ninja warrior Lo Wang  (Mister 2 Million dollars) in his searching for the Nobitsura Kage a legendary katana shattered in 3 different swords ; along the game you will fight demos and humans from time to time ; the easter eggs are amazing making referece to the good old Shadow Warrior 3DOverall Story 8/10Gameplay 10/10Protagonist 9/10 (Nobody's perfect )Characters (enemies; hoji ; the ummm thing that can be foun at the end of the road in the first level and in front of the gamestrore in the second level and the naked pixeled ladies ) 10/10
,Recommended,233130,33023564,Posted: 29 June,all,ahsan_alam,"Story: Mr wang gets an assignment , to retrive a legendary/ historical sowrd, which marketvalue would be few million dollars in recent time. But that weapon was guarded by demonic power. How Wang solve all the mystery and fight those demons, you have to play this awesome game to know that.Gameplay : In one word badass game play .Very much Enjoyable / satisfying combat.lots of weapon you can use , like  a sowrd,  assault rifle, shotgun, flame thrower, A crossbow , and a rocket launcer, you will get those weapon throught out the missions,you can bring some upgrades for your weapons , say like attach flame bomb on flamethower, sticky bomb on crossbow. Laser sight on your rifle etc.Katama sowrd has lots of  combos if you can upgrade your skill, through out the game.Graphics:  if it was 2013 today, i would say its one of the best looking game out now.  But still in 2017 its looks damn good.Very good optimization. Very much playable in any decent config.Well i would give 7/ 10 for the story and +1 for the main character( wang) himshelf for his cool attitudes and +1 for funny bonding between wang and hoji.8/10 for gameplay and graphics."
,Recommended,233130,21894579,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Satire is Dead,"More of a sequel to Hard Reset than Shadow Warrior, and it's all good.People who played Hard Reset might remember that the basic abilities you started with were stale, but by the end of the game you'd have expanded your arsenal to a wide variety of unique weaponry. Shadow Warrior wisely starts Lo Wang out with just about everything the player needs to have fun from the word GO and brings back the odd blend of monster kiting so that you can blow up environmental hazards, like cars, explosive barrels or electrified objects, to create a cascade of explosions and bloody chunks.Lo Wang is a big idiot, but that's what makes him fun. The dialogue is surprisingly casual and made me laugh plenty of times in the midst of the demonic invasion. The voice acting is great and his cluelessness and comic book fantasies are both endearing and hilarious. The end of the story took a tonal one-eighty that was too heavy handed after the casually kitchy tone, but it sure beat the utter cliffhanger that Hard Reset ended on and resolved the story of the vengeful spirit and constant companion, Hoji, and Lo Wang.Probably my favorite bits of dialogue were the set of whiny, pained lines tied to taking too much damage... A constant reminder that Lo Wang is still comedically human despite becoming his own original character.The game still has some similar UI pitfalls retained from Hard Reset by allowing the player to craft their game into a boring one... A quick recap on Hard Reset: You started out with practically nothing, and you were presented with an upgrade tree that could route the player into using very boring weaponry for a very long time if they didn't experiment with unlocking alternate-fire-modes that vastly changed the behavior of the weapons.There's an unintuitive paradox between picking what I think are important passives, and the immediate reward of unlocking the ability to use all the Sword Arts and Ki Powers. For example, FIND MORE MONEY is critical to feeding into your ability to unlock more fun weapon upgrades... Especially their ALTERNATE FIRE, which is tantamount to unlocking a new basic ability... Otherwise, you're left with a passively powered-up toolset that would probably get stale.All in all though, it's a fun game that has some odd quirks (Lo Wang can't swim, some checkpoints are poorly placed later in the game, and dashing off of a ledge can apply deadly fall damage).I spent my time dashing around hordes of demons to corral them up into the largest groups, jump in the middle and then cut them all down in the midst of an explosive firestorm."
76561198030477156,Recommended,233130,13765769,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,pino,Tried to kill a rabbit. It turns into demonic rabbit and metal music started. 10/10
,Recommended,233130,34747456,Posted: 4 September,all,❃❄⎝⟫Misery⟪⎠❄❃,"Never mess with Lo(L) Wang!Not a complete remake of the original game:I've expected the game to go the same way as the original, but with""Shadow Warrior""(2013),the only things that left the same are plot and the world.About the game:- Wanted some old school? There it is.Shadow Warrioris clearly one of those rare representatives of classic old school I'd sayFirst Person Slashergames(not shooters, you have to play to understand why it feels so). It doesn't feel like the original game at all where the gameplay was aimed on shooting.- Lo Wang, as in the original game - a great fan of scatological humour and he leaves not even a single notable action without another amusing comment. His... Let's call him ""mate"", the demon Hoji, also doesn't try to stay away and look into his pocket for some low words. He jokes around pretty much, but however, prefers to make fun of Lo himself.- As a demon slayer, you gain experience and improve your skills, finding crystals gives you some new tricks. Among active-aggressive abilities aimed for combat, there are also some passive, defensive abilities.  Performing those special moves is sufficiently simple: you don't have to take three-step chords on the keyboard.- Your Katana here is the main tool for interaction with demons. It feels almost as good as it feels in""Dark Messiah of Might & Magic"",but the process of handling it is much easier. Left click - quick and simple attacks, right click - performs slow and heavy ones. The direction of the attacks is always random, so the process of cutting enemies turns into a simple clicking without thinking until you get some upgrades.- Firearms - big classic guns with nothing really interesting behind: a pistol, a submachine gun, a shotgun, a crossbow, a flamethrower and, of course, a rocket launcher. Unfortunately, they sound and feel bad so I forced myself to get all achievements based on shooting to achieve as fast as possible.Your guns can be upgraded for the money you constantly find in the game. Each gun can have an increased clip and fire power, and also you can open an alternative fire mode. There's not much of a use for any of them until you cap the upgrade limit of each one to feel some real benefit in combat. In any other situation, it's enough to have a double-barrel shotgun.- Despite the hilarious process of slaying enemies all around, it's better to play not more than a few hours per day, because playthrough stretches for a good couple of tens hours with lack of variability.More and more enemies are descending on you with lack of interesting situations, so the game just says - please, entertain yourself somehow.- The levels design, despite the nice picture, causes some kind of depression. At first, your eyes are pleased by the bamboo groves and traditional architecture, but the further you progress, the more time you have to spend on giant half-empty squares and in classical endless corridors, where you can easily get lost and die of boredom. The Japanese colours gradually evaporate. Instead of bamboo groves there come warehouses and some trading ports, littered with the tons of twin-boxes- What is really good is that secrets and Easter eggs are literally on every corner, and it's not hard to find them at all. Most of them you probably will find absolutely randomly. Connoisseurs of the original who used to the branched level design and well-hidden caches will be somewhat disappointed...Pros & Cons:Pros:+(Katana feels very good);+(Humour that Kevin Smith and Jason Mewes would appreciate);+(Many easter eggs to the original game and some previous projects of devs);+(Different and very useful skills).Cons:-(More and more monotonous levels throughout game progress);-(Barely interesting custscenes);-(Terrible and basically useless firearms);-(Easy bosses);-(Terrible controller support, extremely uncomfortable to play);-(Demons look absolutely lame).Result:Aspects:Score:Atmosphere8.0 -Old school, insanity, blood, demons and rivers of blood - feels good.Graphics7.0 -True old school mixed up with Japaneese culture that is eyecatching for the first 5-6 hours maybe.Optimization7.5 -Good, but having some texture bugs + lagging sometimes, even with an overpowered GPU.Sound8.5 -Very good, fits the atmosph.Animations8.0 -Funny, silly and adorable, all thanks to Katana performing.Story5.5 -Absolutely meh, only the jokes didn't ruin it for me.Gameplay8.0 -I'd say it's 10.0 But - 2 for shooting, boring and useless.Replayability7.5 -2-3 times a year is considered a pretty good replayability.Total7.5-Definitely worth a shot.Afterwords:-Shadow Warrioris recommended(not strongly though) for those who fell in love with such games asPainkiller,Shadow of the DamnedandSerious Samfor their crazy atmosphere of pure insanity, stylistics, fast paced moving while slaying hostile NPCs meanwhile listening to some low jokes your protagonist flows up.- If you're looking straight for the game to chill and have some fun, that's what definitely will suit your needs. But I wouldn't say it's worth its price and wait for another discount."
76561197993679220,Recommended,233130,22817655,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Thor's Throbbing Hammer,"This was an awesome game and a total surprise.Absolutely gorgeous graphics, fun gameplay, inventive enemies and a surprisingly interesting story.Just all around great.  The sales they have on it (right now it's 3.99!!!) are crazy, too.If you like FPS at all, get it.  If you are a Japanophile, get it.  If you like the 80s.  If you just want to see the prettiest Japanese gardens ever in a game, pay less than the cost of a McDonald's meal and get it."
,Recommended,233130,30036997,Posted: 19 February,all,Gaturrito.-,"Is a series of first-person shooter video games that focuses on the exploits of a modern ninja warrior Lo Wang who fights through hordes of demons, in search of the Nobitsura Kage ninja sword. It was originally developed by 3D Realms and published by GT Interactive until Flying Wild Hog took over developing the franchise as well as Devolver Digital taking over to publish the franchise.The game itself is cool. The story is actually very good, I like it. The gameplay is awesome, and the graphics are okay, it's not like I wanted realistic graphics, but I've expected more, but the way the characters and the environment looks like, it's okay.9/10"
76561198115374089,Recommended,233130,25785417,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,SkarabCZ,"Simply the best FPS shooter I have ever played... Awesome weapons, awesome enemies, awesome environments, awesome story/dialogues, awesome ending (you will be surprised). Go any buy it!I recommend playing this game on casual or normal difficulty for the first time... Mini-boss enemies (lieutenants) you will come accross during second half of the game are quite hard to kill even on these difficulties and you will be seeing them quite often.The only downside of this game is its engine/textures maybe? You gonna need pretty good GPU and CPU (probably both) to run this game smoothly with the best experience possible.... I mean you can run it pretty well even with low-end set up  (as I did) but there is something (don't know what it is) that makes you feel as if the game was not well optimized - even though you'll get this feeling only at certain spots in the game.Tip: Katana is not the best weapon in the game (not on higher difficulties that is) even though it is the coolest one... :DUpgraded Crossbow/Shotgun/Rocket launcher is a combo that can deal with anything anytime... Don't invest overly into pistol, fire launcher and SMG upgrades."
,Recommended,233130,24370439,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Spookyena,A ninja dude from Japan goes on chemotherapy and spends his last days performing heart surgery on red people while learning magic tricks from a ghost.
76561198092430664,Recommended,233130,25805178,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Hey Dude Don't Call Me Dude,"“I like sword it’s a personal weapon”Great game and thoroughly enjoyable, a must for any fps fan. Seriously, who doesn’t want to play with Wang all day long ? ;)Double thumbs up, the only minor negative point is that the heroic achievement is out of the reach of us mere gaming mortals  :("
,Recommended,233130,7757972,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Xaris,"Imagine you're in a hot tub, naked with Ronald Reagan and some bros, and you're all having a good time smoking a joint and laughing about AIDS. Now you pass out and your balls inadvertently touched Reagan's. Suddenly you find yourself teleported to the 80s with Depeche Mode playing. Next thing you know you're running around chopping demons with a katana while high on qualudes and MDMA derivatives.That's Shadow Warrior.Get it."
,Recommended,233130,24670784,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Juffe,"The most underrated FPS single player game with awesome gameplay, decent story and rather funny humor."
,Recommended,233130,11067822,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Botan ;),Dat Insane Samurai Warrior: Lo Wang - CheckMassive Amount Of Demons Coming For Ya - CheckKick♥♥♥♥♥Katanas Action - CheckDual Wield SMGs - CheckExplosive Armory - CheckLudicrous Violence - CheckGorgeous Scenery - CheckSecret Anime Chicks - CheckHell Yeah! Today is going awesome! - 10/10
,Recommended,233130,29351415,Posted: 18 January,all,[Hen-tie] JJDaMan!,"Love this katana wielding, gunslinging, explosive game!!  I really like the sexual innuendos the main charter talks about, and can hear/see throughout the game!Highly reccomend this game!! I may try out Shadow Warriros 2 right after!"
,Recommended,233130,32819052,Posted: 26 June,all,FASHION DADDY,"Absolutely great.Heavy guns, heavy sword, heavy demons and heavy jokes.You must heavy it.Cons:- sword combo keys are weird but you get used to it"
76561197970470391,Recommended,233130,23855938,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Nun With A Great Rack!,"Why should you buy Shadow Warrior?Two words: level design.I know that sounds like an odd reason, but for me it's the games greatest strength. Visit my profile page and go through my screenshots. The game is GORGEOUS.So what about the rest of the game? Well from a long time and avid player of the FPS genera, it's a mixed bag. I played the game twice all the way through. Once on ""normal"" difficulty and then again on ""insane"". On normal I used the Katana the entire time. That was probably stupid, but the melee combat felt extremely satisfying. The Ki powers were also a blast to use. That wore off about 8 hours into the game. Little did I know there's 8 more hours to grind through. I got that feeling of: ""Is this over yet?""Well after some consideration I felt like I should give the game another try. My inner achievement hunter had something to do with it too! :-)The second time I went with insane mode and used all the weapons. With the inclusion of the 1.5 optimization patch the game looked and ran better than ever. However, the weapons felt weak. Extremely weak. Even the bad♥♥♥♥♥looking quad barreled shotgun. Once I got my hands on the crossbow and the its chargeable shot upgrade, the game became cake. With fully upgraded healing powers and the one shot crossbow, yet again I got that feeling of boredom.So why am I recommending this game after calling it boring? Because it's like a really pretty bowl of oatmeal. There really isn't anything ""wrong"" with the game. It just middle of the road with a great number of sights to see.My main gripe with Shadow Warrior is it tries to please everyone at the same time. The attempt of fusing old school and new doesn't seem to work for me. The game contains the Bioshock ""Look everywhere for cash"" loot system. It also has RPG elements, unlockables, and a low assortment of opponent's to kill. My opinion is if you going to make a FPS, choose a school and stick with it.Pro's ++ Level Design + A huge range of environment's and aesthetics to enjoy! So many sights to behold!+ Optimized + Looks great and runs really well!+ Characters + The chemistry between Low Wang and his demon friend is quite entertaining.+ Story + Easy to follow and keeps your interest.+ Arsenal + Large variety of weapons and powers to make combat interesting - for a time...+ Melee Combat + The Katana is really fun to play with!+ Secrets + A must for any FPS.+ EX Mode + Allows you to keep all your upgrades after you beat the game.Con's -- Enemies - Offers a limited amount of baddies to slay.- Unbalanced Weapons - On the highest difficulty some of the weapons are pretty weak.- Loot - If you want your weapons to have additional features, you better look EVERYWHERE for cash.- Game Length - Game progression is entirely ""gated"". Everything is locked until you kill each wave of enemies.Shadow Warrior goes on sale frequently at 75% off. Well worth it at that price. If your playing for the first time, play the game on either easy or normal. Don't do what I did, use all the weapon's in the game!"
76561198000132464,Recommended,233130,32881440,Posted: 27 June,all,DamIDhagor,Just an awesome game! It's just fun slaying demons in so many ways for a good cause. This is combined with some good humor and super hero complexes of the protagonist. I can only recommend that game!
76561198015842146,Recommended,233130,27509016,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Fr0st,24 hours to beat the game twice.25 hours to beat heroic mode.Epic Game.Never playing heroic again.
76561198089645223,Recommended,233130,20500828,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Slightly Moist and Slowly Dying,"I bought it only expecting♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes, but I actually found a good story and fun 14 hours of gameplay in addition to♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes and great one-liners.Pros-Hoji is a great character, definitely one of my favorites from recent videogames.-There's skills, powers, and weapons upgrades, as well as a new game plus.-Nice open areas for cool fights with lots of enemies and pretty environments which reward players for exploring with secrets and supplies.-Nice balance between keeping the old school shooter feel and introducing some new things.Cons-I got lost occasionally; a map would have been great."
76561198086359735,Recommended,233130,24523320,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,KrystalAlien,YOU GOT THE TOUCHYOU GOT THE POOOOWEEEEEEEEEERYEAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,233130,11291527,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Katie's Hannah,"Recommended:A brilliantly-designed retro-style shooter with a lot of personality, great level design, and brilliant sword-fighting combat. There's a few flaws here and there, but nothing that detracts from the fun that is to be had with the title.Full reviewis availablehere"
76561197996026362,Recommended,233130,12442355,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,hegel5000,Shadow Warrior has the best melee combat I've ever seen in a first person game.
,Not Recommended,233130,13895578,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Larry's Berry,"Started out strong: funny protagonist, the awesome recoiless submachine gun, big chunky enemies for you to pump your lead into, and last but not least, wang cookies.And then midway through the game, you will find that the game's initial charms start to wear off. The game never deviates from its initial path: the same 'wang' jokes are told time and again, the new jokes err more on the side of cringe-worthy instead of funny. The cool weapons become underpowered as the game starts to pile more and more fatties at you at any single point in time. The level design is dreadfully uninspired and boring. You run from point to point triggering the game's setpieces in order to spawn the various over-used enemies which the game throws at you in every chapter. In between the points, you will almost never find any enemies lurking or patrolling. The katana is the game's saving point, severing limbs and decapitating heads never gets old. However, the hit boxes for the larger sized enemies are a little wonky, so you might find yourself supposedly slashing at the back of the bugger, only to be disappointed that none of the hits registered.Final rating: 4/10"
76561197977464091,Recommended,233130,24661018,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Dragonkick,"5% of deaths in the Shadow Warrior universe are natural causes/crime/illness, 5% demon attacks and 90% exploding arcade and soda machines.Seriously, I threw a throwing star at a pickup truck and it exploded in a huge fireball killing a demon. Buy this game"
76561198038107634,Recommended,233130,8129371,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Vø§§Ķ,"A non-stop fighting, action bloodfest that will have you slaughtering waves upon waves of enemies. In between this, you get great boss fights with enormous bosses. The graphics are also pretty good, and the guns and sword feel great. If you like fps or action games, then pick this up! I give this a 9 on the wang-o-meter."
,Recommended,233130,22839735,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Jd| Tribio,+ Awesome humour+ Great swordfighting+ It has guns too!+ Beautiful scenery+ Runs smoooooooth+ Humping rabbits+ Easter eggs- err.. Hodor?
,Recommended,233130,28699707,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,OEC 켄지,"You're basically a wannabe samurai who's too much of a ♥♥♥♥♥ to abandon guns and go full out samurai xD Got it on sale, pretty fun."
,Recommended,233130,22871423,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Tint,"Story is amazing, gameplay and control is great and the character is an asian Deadpool."
,Recommended,233130,25468328,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,dc,"""My name is Lo Wang."" - so begins an awesome hack/slash/shoot-em-up journey in Shadow WarriorPros- Guns- Swords- Magic- Demons- Hidden waifus taking baths- Cheesy humourCons- Not enough time in the day to game :/Long story short: Shadow Warrior is an awesome game if you're a fan of the genre. Worth checking out when it's on sale. :)"
76561198161262629,Recommended,233130,31416812,Posted: 28 April,all,Rayy PNW,"One of the best FPS Shoot em up games of the last decade. Reminds me of an oriental version of Doom. Shadow Warrior is adrenaline pumping, very fast paced and addicting to play. Decent graphics, awesome weapons, and a perfectly cliche story with lot's of funny dialogue between the 2 main characters. Game is a must play, but, the game is nearly 4 years old, and simply shouldn't cost $40. So it's best to pick this up during a sale, but you definitely will not regret buying this game."
,Recommended,233130,10964680,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Tolain,Everything explodes in this game all the time; even the explosions explode.
,Recommended,233130,29620940,Posted: 31 January,all,Benadryl Hairysnatch,"+ Fun, interesting enough to keep playing for a while, pretty cool upgrade system.- Enemies can be a little repetitive, some of the skills you learn end up not being used because there's so many.Reminds me of Red Steel, definitely worth buying :)"
,Recommended,233130,28726479,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sp00ky Cola 👻,Ability to make fine looking cars and vending machines explode with a single slash from his katanaBut inability to open a ♥♥♥♥ing padlock with brute strength and jump over 70cm tall railings without standing on somethingWong/10
76561198049008496,Recommended,233130,24669810,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Sir Overseer,"Shadow Warrior is the most fun first person person soother I have played in years. From the excellent sword combat to the surprisingly good and funny story, this is how a singleplayer fps should be made. 9/10"
,Recommended,233130,23895297,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,King Renly Baratheon,"In 1997, Shadow Warrior released for PC as a spiritual successor to Duke Nukem 3D, and starred a terribly racist Asian caricature named Lo Wang. This isn’t a premise that sounds like it would be able to endure nearly twenty years later, and yet developer Flying Wild Hog revived Shadow Warrior last year on the PC, which has now made its way to the Xbox One and PS4. Lo Wang’s return is a successful one, with all of the purposely-offensive humor and over-the-top gameplay you’d expect from it.Amazingly, Shadow Warrior’s plot is not to be overlooked, as it is engaging and becomes more serious and grounded as the game goes on. This is tempered by the silly combat and hilarious dialogue throughout the game. The player takes on the role of Lo Wang, a gun-toting, sword-wielding, ninja mercenary working for the mysterious Orochi Zilla, a powerful Japanese businessman. What starts off as a routine mafia transaction quickly spirals out of control into a demon-filled murderfest wherein Lo Wang uses his last name to reference his♥♥♥♥♥♥on a regular basis. Accompanying Wang is the smart-mouthed demon Hoji, who serves as Lo Wang’s guide through the world of pseudo-Japanese culture and mysticism. The plot works perfectly with the insane gameplay and general silliness that Shadow Warrior provides.The combat in Shadow Warrior can be described as fast, bloody, and insane. The player is given ninja stars, a samurai sword, and a lot of guns to blast through hordes of ninjas, police officers and demons in one of the messiest first-person hack-and-slash experiences I’ve ever played. The guns can be a little difficult to use, as the aiming system can be a little unwieldy and some guns feel underpowered, but the swordplay is a lot of fun and is intended to be Wang’s tool of destruction for the majority of the time.Lo Wang also gains magical abilities to aid him, which include healing spells and telekinetic push abilities. My personal favorite is an ability that allows Wang to spin in a whirlwind attack that decapitates everyone around him. These abilities help to round out the combat and give players a multitude of ways to go about any given combat scenario, although I was mostly content just slashing enemies to bits.Lo Wang has many upgrade opportunities at his disposal as well, which are cleverly broken into different categories that can be upgraded by different means. Karma, for example, will allow the player to purchase certain modifiers, while money allows the player to upgrade their equipment. The options for how the player can evolve and upgrade Wang are pretty vast, meaning that the each person can upgrade according to their play style. I like to run in swinging a sword, so I need to be able to take a lot of damage, so I upgraded healing spells, damage resistant perks, and maximum health modifiers. This upgrade system can be a little complicated, but is well-worth taking the time to learn, as it’ll make Lo Wang an even bigger badass according to each player’s personal style.Shadow Warrior looks great on the Xbox One, for the most part. Slicing a demon into multiple pieces has never felt more rewarding, but some elements, like human characters are low-res and a bit fuzzy. The sound, however, is great. The music is fast-paced and has an Eastern flair to it, and the sound effects are top-notch. The voice acting is also surprisingly good, especially from Wang’s sidekick Hoji who helps out with a lot of the exposition and banter.The combat is awesome, the dialogue is hilarious, and the excessive gore is a guilty pleasure that never gets old. Shadow Warrior is one of those games that reminds us that gaming, at its core, should be fun, and it delivers fun times in a big way."
76561198000689127,Not Recommended,233130,18705756,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Donototh,"The shooty-stabby was ok for the first few battles but then got old, but because I hate leaving things unfinished I dragged through the game and beat it. Spoiler alert kiddos, after you get all the parts of the katana you only kill one horde of baddies and that only takes about three swings. Oh there is the final boss battle but your katana is useless because its the same as all the other boss battles. So if you are looking forward to having fun with a fully upgraded katana you are S.o.L. If Shadow Warrior 2 is anything like this one ( and I foresee it will be because all developers do these days are copy and paste) then I know I will not buy it or any other game from FWH or devolver.I hope you guys have fun making more crap games. <^>"
,Recommended,233130,11221692,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,MegaMikeMan,"This FPS makes melee combat with the katana tons of fun. I rarely use my guns, which happen to be customizable, because the sword is so awesome. This game is a cross between modern day FPS and FPS from the 90s, and aside from a few turret sections is a perfect blend. You can unlock skills and powers throughout the game to further customize your character and support your play style."
,Recommended,233130,26174971,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,StoneyWoney,"Started it, not expecting anything but a mindless and funny slasher.Turned out the gameplay actually motivates for hours. And the story is way better than expected.Also, I will not make fun of bunnies ever again."
76561198047650781,Recommended,233130,31962166,Posted: 25 May,all,Losaffa,"I absolutely loved the game, the gameplay is fast and encourages variety, and it has the best story in any FPS I have ever played, the humour is great,the characters are suprisingly deep. But the boss battles are an absolute pain playing on Insane difficulty which otherwise feels really fitting to the setting(though I'd claim the same for normal difficulty for different reasons), and the enemies can soak a LOT of bullets, especially in the beginning. But I definetely recommend that you play it."
,Recommended,233130,26022554,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,#uofa engineering,"I have never played a game as fun as this in all my 17 years of life.Witty, badass, idolic main character? Hell yeah!And as an Asian, having an Asian main character is the best thing ever.I'd recommend this to anybody and everybody!"
,Recommended,233130,22883560,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,NocNatural,"A ""reboot"" done right. An old-schoolish game in the age of copy-paste shooters with flashy Katana and gun combat , varied and easy to use combos and upgradeable skills and weapons make this shooter one of the best of its kind. The Story is basically ""go there kill things"" but its definitely working here , the comedy is cheesy but its on-point. Sounds , graphics and gore is also fantastic , works really well with the game atmosphere. The game is also highly replayable due to its various difficulty mods and its secrets scattered through the levels. - Recommended"
,Recommended,233130,8854476,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,k0r,"the game never crashes no matter how much ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you throw at it.excellent story. weapons you wind up preferring never get tedious. if you're iffy about the game concept, don't be. initial jitters of japanese lore will evaporate as soon as you're tearing demons apart....i've noticed that .02% of players have beaten this game on heroic. if one of them ends up reading this, contact me.i'm going to need whatever crack it is you're smoking."
,Recommended,233130,22130540,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Plouton,A fun hack n' slash that will have you on edge for the rest of eternity. 8/10.
,Recommended,233130,7888451,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,DudeDesigns,"1111111111111111110000000000000000000000000000000000000/10 Best PC FPS Next to Rise of the Triad.I'm srs guys. This game is perfect. Devolver Digital needs to get the Blood and Duke IP's so they can make a remake of Blood and an actual Duke Nukem 3D sequel.Melee combat is absolutely awesome to use. Mixture of double presses of the w a s d keys and left and right clicks. It feels fluid and is tight and responsive.Guns are just as fun too, and you can upgrade every single thing you come across throughout the game.The story is nothing special, but they actually did real well with it. Don't wanna spoil anything, but it revolves around Lo Wang attempting to stop evil (obviously).Rise of the Triad and Shadow Warrior are perhaps the BEST ""modern"" FPS games I have played in around a good six years.BUY SHADOW WARRIOR NOW AND GET SOME WANG."
,Recommended,233130,12495059,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Vayl ♥,"This game kicks♥♥♥♥♥ I was actually surprised how much♥♥♥♥♥it kicks. The combat mixes up those traditional elements of first person shooters to weave in the sword seamlessly, and when you play on harder difficulties, you really are going to be using every tool on your belt. On top of the sharp combat, it's got witty dialog and a pretty engaging plot, not to mention a fantastic choice of characters. Possibly my favorite aspect is the sheer number of secrets nestled cleverly in the game. If I had to be critical, the combat can get a bit grindy toward the end, and I do kind of wish some of the weapons were more creative  (like flamethrower? Really?). Still, for the price, this game is a steal. It's a pretty long game, and looks beautiful, so don't pass this one up."
76561198161391700,Recommended,233130,22881884,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,LungFace,"This Game...... THIS GAME!!!! Is AMAZING!!!! This is one of the best FPS games that i have played in a long time!The Game has a decent 12 hours of gameplay at my speed and you can replay the game will all you STUFF....AWESOME. IF you mess with the bull,you get the Wang!!Buy this game 11/10 recommended by every Samurai."
,Recommended,233130,28636929,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Underappreciated,Finished downloadingGot highIntro cutscene/sequence10/10
,Recommended,233130,32355289,Posted: 11 June,all,Strix eYe,"Excellent combat, graphics and gameplay.Highly recommended"
76561198085052336,Not Recommended,233130,20466652,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Artorias,Fun at first but gets super repetitive and tedious really quickly. The idea of increased difficulty here is spawning more of the same generic eenmies during the overly long levels. Maybe buy on sale of as part of a humble bundle.
76561198001251929,Recommended,233130,12652371,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,KasperKyd,"I never played the old Shadow Warrior it was boring for me, was giving this a thought before I got it, well I'm so glad to buy it.I play this game with 3D Vision, Graphics is AWESOME, nice story, different environments makes it like playing many games in one.Best of all it keeps the old school FPS gaming, where you shoot, kill, and having fun with all those weapons and skills.Love it, I recommend it."
,Not Recommended,233130,32542357,Posted: 18 June,all,Noxat,"I tried really, really hard to like this game, truly.  I would revisit and chip away at it every so often.  It's well optimized, the controls are solid, and the banter between Wang and Hoji is fantastic.  But the level design is horrid; I spend half my time lost because every hallway looks identical.  I've tried both a katana and weapon-centric build and neither felt very satisfying.  Many of the monsters are just a chore to fight.  The ""powers"" don't feel very powerful, even when leveled up. The story is confusing and doesn't compel me to slog through the tedious, cookie-cutter stages. Ultimately the game feels like 80% filler and 20% substance.  If Steam had an, ""Eh, It's okay"" rating, this would totally fit the bill, however as it stands I just can't recommend it."
,Recommended,233130,16534110,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Employee of the Month,rad swording
,Recommended,233130,7497523,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Vic=HKC=,"This game seduced me first because of katana (one of my favorite weapons for melee in L4D2, Killing Floor, Hotline Miami, etc etc.). Then I fell in love with the asian settings. And that game got me in the core with the katana again. Because hey, I'm bad with melee weapons and yet, with Shadow Warrior, I'm mastering the art of slicing demons.Shadow Warrior is a sort of remake of Shadow Warrior... the 90's game, that was a FPS with ninja weapons and demons or aliens or I never identified the race of the enemies. Here, in the remake, it's clearly creatures from the Asian mythology, from the other world.Lo Wang, the hero, is somewhat macho, very sure of himself and very dedicated to his task. He acquires some powers and he has companion, Hoji, whose story is revealed during the game.Like I've said, it's the first time that I feel great with melee. While Lo Wang has nice guns (necessary when you're swarmed by enemies), the katana is still very useful and deadly.Shadow Warrior is a very good game.... and could have been perfect if it didn't feel like an arena game. You can't advance in the story if you don't clean the area. And after a moment, seeing always the same is kinda irritating. Some passages are really hard even in the easiest difficulty. Yet, you find yourself wanting to push through.And Shadow Warrior kept his humour. I played the Shadow Warrior Classic Redux and the original version and that remake is keeping the tradition of fortune cookies with silly sentences. And the rabbits are also there. And the anime girls too.The graphics are beautiful. Some landscapes are really good. Besides, they're diversified: from Zilla fortress to his docks to the other world to the city...I loved the soundtrack. I really enjoyed it.I recommend that game. You have to try it."
76561198033151940,Recommended,233130,26638366,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Dee,"Started it, not expecting anything just remake of old FPS. Turns out in great slash and shoot and kill however you want as many demons you want great FPS. Also its not horror even youre killing demons, Its more comedy and Its good one.You can expect hords of enemies, boss fights, nice lvls designs, skills, weapons and power upgrades. Fighting machanics are easy to use and fun. Pretty long game play, solid story and good voice acting. All in all great game in oldschool way  9/10I will never again kill the bunny!"
,Recommended,233130,28692965,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,P0nk P4nter,IF YOU LIKE THIS SORTA GAME AND ARE WONDERING WETHER TO BUY THIS GAME DO NOT HESITATE EVEN WITH POOR HARDWARE
76561197970708880,Recommended,233130,12794574,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Fnordianslip,"If you're looking for a complicated game with a deep plot, realism, and philisophical points, this isn't it.  If you want to be transported back to the glory days of absolutely frantic FPS play, this is the game for you.  This game was a blast, I don't know if I would have shelled out the full price for it, but on a Steam sale, it was absolutely worth the money.  I enjoyed the old school Shadow Warrior and this incarnation managed to be a ton of fun as well."
,Recommended,233130,7418200,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,ＳＨＯＵＢＩ°♫,Wangtastic!
,Recommended,233130,8734911,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,UpInFlames,"Shadow Warrior is a modern reboot of a 3D Realms 1997 classic of the same name by Polish developer Flying Wild Hog which was founded by former employees of People Can Fly, creators of Painkiller. Shadow Warrior is set in modern day Japan and tells a rather convoluted story about a demon invasion. The players assume the role of assassin Lo Wang who works for a powerful Japanese industrial magnate Orochi Zilla who is tasked with retrieving a legendary katana called Nobitsura Kage. Things start to go very wrong very soon and Wang will have to fight his way through hordes of hired assassins and demons.The storytelling is mostly a miss because the game can’t decide whether it wants to be a parody or not. Lo Wang himself is a walking parody who will make fun of familiar gaming tropes, but on the other hand you have these prolonged and wholly uninteresting cutscenes about some demon family and their issues. It’s an awkward mish-mash that just doesn’t work and the writing is pretty weak in both cases. The serious story is just boring and while the jokes will make you chuckle here and there, they will also sometimes fall flat.The real reason to play this game is its setting and gameplay, both of which make Shadow Warrior stand out from most modern action games. The graphics are colorful and vibrant, the wonderful game world makes both the combat and the exploration a joy. You start off with an ordinary katana and a pistol, but you will acquire more and more weapons as you go along and you get to keep them all, there’s no weapon limit here. All weapons can be upgraded not only to become more powerful, but also to gain an alternate firing mode which is usually just completely over the top. For example, you can upgrade your two-barrel shotgun to a four-barrel shotgun and the alternate firing mode will enable shooting all four barrels at the same time resulting in complete carnage.While the shooting is great and wholly satisfying, the best part of the combat is slicing up your enemies with your trusted katana. You will have the opportunity to unlock a wide variety of different moves which will make the combat even more visceral and exhilarating. You’ll actually do pretty well just by button mashing, but if you want to get a better performance score and additional karma points, then you will have to use these special moves. They’re actually rewarding to use in and of themselves because they just make you feel like a total badass. And that is something that Shadow Warrior does extremely well.Shadow Warrior provides a nice selection of different enemies ranging from hired assassins, low level demons to bigger and badder demons and huge bosses. The bosses actually don’t represent the highlight as they use the tried and true expose-and-hit-weakpoint type of design. They’re pretty good, but the best part is fighting droves of different enemies in big environments where you have melee enemies charging at you, ranged enemies throwing fireballs at you and flying enemies wreaking havoc from overhead. Managing these huge battles is just incredibly exciting and trying out all the different moves and weapons that are at your disposal is just unbelievably satisfying. The combat system is simply excellent.I found the pacing to be awesome. The game doesn’t constantly drown you in enemies which I often tend to find exhausting. After you clear an area, you are free to explore it and there’s a reason to do so as the world is littered not only with necessities such as health and ammo, but also secrets and easter eggs. However, if you’re only in it for the combat, you can just head on forward and you will be fighting non-stop. The game world is not consistently delightful, about halfway through you will have to trudge through several brown and bleak sewers, shipyards and some sort of a science facility. However, the design and the combat remain strong throughout making this a relatively minor gripe. Shadow Warrior is also quite a lengthy game, unlike most modern action and FPS games, it took me 16 hours to finish it on the normal difficulty setting.Flying Wild Hog simply understand action game design and Shadow Warrior is a truly great action game with a fantastic and visceral melee combat system, satisfying shooting mechanics and a wonderful game world.8 OUT OF 10 (GREAT)"
,Recommended,233130,12844163,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Boult Upright,That's two out of two for Flying Wild Hog as far as I am concerned.  Carry on folks and keep up the good work.
76561198028711579,Recommended,233130,24958943,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,E.M.J. ㋛,"Everything that ""Duke Nukem Forever"" tried/wanted to be and failed, ""Shadow Warrior"" is. It's both interesting and ironic, because the hype for ""DNF"" was so extremely high after all those years, last being seen as the height that was ""Duke Nukem 3D"", in the so called golden age of the FPS. And then everyone was dissapointed by the release, not mainly because it was a severely bad game, but because the hype was so exagerated. It was an okay game, but with a bad taste of out of date & misogynistic jokes & not fully realised or embraced gameplay which had too few highlights.No one expected anything from ""Shadow Warrior"" though, and it turned out to be everything we wanted (more or less). It has both a fresh updated feel to the graphics, while at the same time staying true to the roots and being honest about what it is. Nothing more nothing less. Which makes it so succesful!Though I liked Lo Wang as an elder man in the original, that he's a younger version here isn't a hinderence, merely a less original concept. After all, the story isn't the important thing. We want to kill hordes of demons & big bosses with cool and fun weapons within exotic settings. And that's exactly what we get to do!The weapons and powerups are a delight, the settings & maps are varied enough, picking up items when you've allready interacted by opening something is a matter of just moving your mouse over them which is a superb mechanic that I wish all games would implement, the controls are responsive, voice acting good, humour spot on. Ironically this game filled with♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes & splatter is also one the most scenically beautiful games around. Extra plus for being able to replay the game with all power ups gained enabled!The only complaints I have are that it does drag on a bit too long, especially if you're going for all secrets like I was, and the music is repetitive and boring. And the little ""drama"" there is is really hard to get in to. My companion didn't do anything for me personally as a gamer, once I'd realised his healing ability stayed even after he was gone, I couldn't care less about his fate tbh. Which didn't bother me in the slightest, but of course it would have elevated the experience if it had. If my complaints had been met, this would have easily been a contender for game of the year!"
,Recommended,233130,12479181,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Mr. Lancelot,"There are so many things I want to say about this game. So many things. I won't though. All I will say is, you HAVE to play this game. If you enjoyed the shooters and actions games from the mid 90's that loved to also poke humour at anything they could, this game will keep you very entertained, and with a great story as well that includes some top notch voice acting, humour, and an ending you don't see coming.This is definitely my favourite FPS of the last decade, and it has a ton of replay value as well.Play this game. You won't regret it.Seriously, stop reading and play the damn game!"
,Recommended,233130,10816984,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Pkeod 🔥,10/10Would Wang.
,Recommended,233130,8032003,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Pherphex,"Remarkable remake of the first shadow warrior.nice graphic, you have a few weapons u can upgrade, skills to improve your fighting style or get better use of first aid or find more demonhearts, improve your Endurance for fighting skills or for fast sidesteps or so on. Also you have Powers to protect your self or heal or knock down enemies  or lift em up so they cannot act for seconds. Every Power u achieve, gets your Wang a part of a tattoo.After getting through this one, i´m about to play it again."
76561198181593614,Recommended,233130,31885384,Posted: 21 May,all,L1M0N,wow this game is amazing.+nice story+nice weapons (my favourite was the sword)+funny jokes+nice fighting system+nice musicand much more ...
,Recommended,233130,10993096,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,BolverkGTM,"Two old games from the same studio saw a revival.  One was Duke Nukem Forever, a project thought abandoned, but suddenly continued.  The other was Shadow Warrior.  I'm going to make this simple and sweet.  Shadow Warrior is what Duke Nukem Forever should've been."
,Recommended,233130,24277417,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Aegeri,"This is an excellent revision of an old, dated and rather socially awkward game. In many ways, Shadow Warrior seems to have learned all of the lessons from the failed Duke Nukem Forever in updating a classic game for a new audience. For one thing, Shadow Warrior takes everything that was great about the original, like the over the top violence, large sprawling level design, hitting things with swords and drops the things that were rather not good: Like the blatant racism. There are still plenty of puns and other ridiculous jokes, after all the protagonist is still called ""Lo Wang"" but it's clearly laughing with the protagonist - not at him because of his race.By far the greatest thing about Shadow Warrior is the intuitive, fun to use and well implemented sword plus magic system. While there ARE guns in Shadow Warrior, I kept consistently forgetting they existed by hacking demons apart with magic and the sword was just incredible fun. The sword strikes depending on how you're moving, allowing you to very precisely dismember various demons, police or yakuza once you become skilled with it. Add to that a series of magical ki abilities for your sword, plus magic spells that let you heal, stun enemies, float them in the air and so forth. This adds a tremendous amount of depth and strategy to the games combat, which is so much fun to use I - as mentioned - forgot there was actually firearms in the game. I easily just got through 90% of the game using only the sword and various ki abilities.This isn't to imply the guns are bad in any way, because there are numerous upgrades available to make them more effective, gain interesting secondary firing modes and so forth. I just found the sword so much fun to use and so effective, that I never felt the need to use the guns outside of a handful of specific sections where they are useful. Unfortunately, this might also be a comment on the general lack of enemy variety present in Shadow Warrior. There aren't a lot of enemy types in the game, so you will be facing the same combinations of demons and mini-boss demons a lot. This is especially vexing, because while there are armed human enemies in corrupt police and yakuza, they aren't used very frequently in the game at all. Minding, there is one particular section near the end, where it throws a huge amount of ordinary human fellows at you while you have a fully powered up sword. That was quite satisfying, especially after some of the difficult previous encounters.What I found interesting was that while the gameplay is fantastic, what surprised me and pulled me through the game in the end was the extremely well crafted story. Lo Wang has an actual character arc, with proper growth and some really great dialog with his demonic companion Hoji. There is actually a pretty compelling plot underneath all of the hacking people away with Katanas, with some great and genuinely emotive moments towards the end especially. It's especially rewarding getting some artistic cutscenes after finishing each of the long chapters, then facing off against some particularly well designed and fun to fight bosses (none of which felt frustrating, which is a genuine compliment).Overall this is a great update to an old game, which is also packed with great secrets (including sections designed to look like the original Shadow Warrior). Definitely recommend, especially if you like first person melee combat in a game."
,Recommended,233130,24671021,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Need money for weed,Saw bunnies humping. 12/10
76561198048527305,Recommended,233130,28530673,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Tr00he,"Shadow Warrior - what a game. A highly creative and passionate reboot of the classic Shadow Warrior which gets almost everything right, so, what are you waiting for? Buy it! But if you need more info, here we go:Great gun-errr... swordplay? Yes.Great graphics, sound etc.? Yes.Great design and artwork? Yes.Interesting skills and character building? Yes.Lots of epic Wang quotes? Oh ♥♥♥♥ yes!But what makes Shadow Warrior just GREAT and one of the best FPS out there (also in comparison with Shadow Warrior 2) is that it's surprisingly atmospherical and story-driven. The game world is interesting, you get to visit really cool places that you wouldn't expect, and the Asian flair is of course awesome. Everything has been done with a great sense of detail and passion and it is just awesome to be Lo Wang.Even though being a very funny game despite the masses of gore and dead bodies you will find, or living bodies which you will turn into dead bodies so that they fit better into the environment, Shadow Warrior succeeds in telling at the same time a surprisingly deep, dark story which will keep you interested and motivated till the end. I don't want to spoiler anything so just know that it's worth your time. The phantastic graphics, character and level design contribute perfectly to this experience, too, as everything just... fits.Depending on the level of difficulty and how much attention you pay to secrets in the level (which you should search because they help you to develop your character and improve your weapons), Shadow Warrior will keep you well-entertained for 20-40 hours for one playthrough. Btw, there is no multiplayer but seriously, you don't need it.All these aspects together with all the positive points mentioned above and the challenging, satisfying combat make Shadow Warrior a unique experience, putting it, in its own way, next to the Bioshock series in terms of being a unique, creative FPS that you will not forget so easily.Is there anything negative about Shadow Warrior?Yes - one thing. I played through the game on the highest level of difficulty and noticed a significant lack of balance then. Most weapons besides the sword and the rocket launcher become useless as the enemies just have too many HP.I didn't want to have a less challenging experience as arena fights against dozens of ultra-brutal enemies at the same time are my thing and I enjoy in general playing FPS and RPGs on the highest level of difficulty, but seriously, it would have been better to increase the level of difficulty by not just increasing enemy HP so much.One boss fight was even impossible to finish without soft-cheating using quicksave and quickload because the enemy regenerated so fast that it was impossible to finish him off with the sword. I clicked like hell for 15 minutes, the boss was still alive, still regenerating... instead, my mouse broke. Thank God I found the hint with quicksave/quickload then, and thank God I had still another mouse in the house to finish the game then.Even if you are a really good FPS player, picking the second-highest level of difficulty will give you probably a far less frustrating and more balanced experience.Anything else to say? Yes. Thanks for this game, dear devs, you did a really great job."
,Recommended,233130,9063186,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,El Minotoro,"This game is good. Actually it's really good. Fast paced without being stupidly overwhelming, everything in this game feels right. The opening scene has ""The Touch"" being listened to by the player character so you know things are bout to get real.It feels like people gave a♥♥♥♥♥♥when making this game, the jokes are okay, the graphics are pretty, the combat is fluid. It is much better than you might have thought and I regret not playing it earlier."
,Recommended,233130,23609362,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,𝓜ε𝔰𝔥,"Simple :Addictive, beautiful , gore , watch out the time if you got to do something sits very addictive lol , just played 3 hours straight without realising it. lolJust awesome."
,Recommended,233130,11577669,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Archy Senpai [RTOZ],"This is a highly recommended and fun game, though it is very gory. If lots of blood is not your thing, then you should probably avoid this title. That aside, Shadow Warrior ticks many boxes and has impressed me. First of all is the story. While many FPS games do not necessarily require a good story in order to give you some enemies to shoot or melee for a few hours, Shadow Warrior includes a very nice campaign, with some quite memorable characters and dialogue fleshing out the surprisingly high quality plot. With your protagonist named Lo Wang, one should expect some crude humour, and Flying Wild Hog do not disappoint. The cutscenes are also very nice,while also giving you the option to skip them if you so desire.The art style, particularly the basic enemies you fight, may look a little... crude? That's fine though, the dismemberment or other assorted violence will soon put that out of your mind. But the graphics of this game are quite brilliant, and the environments are truly spectacular - be they urban, forest, or snow. This also extends to the design of the weapons, which you can get a close up view of when you upgrade them with in-game cash you can find scattered all over the various levels. With a large variety, all of which you can carry at the same time if you are up to that point of the story, the weapons all look incredibly interesting, and play well too - bonuses for the visible changes in the weapons as you upgrade them, be it a laser pointer, or a larger tank, or the ability to fire multiple missiles at the same time...The levels all look impressive, and are very vast, although they are essentially linear. Not all of the secrets are incredibly well hidden, but they can be challenging to find them all. And the nod back to the original game and other old-school shooters in the form of secret retro areas is a very nice touch. Especially when Lo Wang breaks the fourth wall. One of the few complaints I have with this game is that the large nature of the maps means that sometimes you will be forced to double back, and sometimes it can become quite difficult to find out where you actually have to go to progress.That said, where this game truly shines is in the combat. Visceral, brutal, and with a variety of enemies to keep you on your toes, from standard humans with weapons, to demons with claws, wings, enemies who can teleport or turn invisible, to mention nothing of the mini-bosses or bosses in the game. This is not a truly realistic game, where cover is irrelevant, and you can tank damage by just healing it up again with one of your abilities, but it's fine and fun because you can just smash face first into enemies.The game revolves around finding a legendary katana, and so swordplay is a central point of the game, with skills to improve your character and the ability to hack and slash quite satisfying - dismemberment and decapitations galore. The ability to acquire both skills and other passive bonuses, as well as upgrading your weapons also gets a tick. The guns are also quite special, from more standard revolver and shotgun to the more esoteric quad-barrel shotgun and crossbow, each with 3 upgrades, and the ability to purchase extra ammo if you're in a pinch. This is complemented by the completely insane, but incredibly fun possibilities of using demon parts as one of your demon extermination tools...EDIT: The other problem I've found with this game is the boss fights: they become quite repetitive, and the same strategy is used to beat all 3. In addition, some of the ""mini-bosses"", especially the Berserker, can be annoying and time consuming to kill.Huge fun, with good replayability too. +1 recommendation."
,Recommended,233130,30988168,Posted: 6 April,all,dEEkAy,"I just finished my first playthrough on this game. Took me around 16h with cutscenes (no skipping) and the occassional secret here and there on insane difficulty.There's another difficulty available that i didn't try, don't know if it was available at the start or after first playthrough. It's more difficult then insane and removes checkpoints and quicksaving. You have to beat each level on one playthrough which takes about 1 hour per chapter and might really be difficult on certain levels.Total of 17 Chapters.It's a pretty bloody game with lots and lots of dismemberment. The story is actually good and enjoyable. Artwork and Artstyle are good looking and it's a very good looking game too, considering it's age. Performance on my a10-7850k with 8 gb ram, ssd and 270x 2gb vram configuration was absolutely good. no framedrops or slowdowns, not a single crash. nice and fluid 60 fps all the time (i capped it there).Pros:- good visual style- bloody and gory- good story- very fluid gameplay- fun- lots of difficulty settings- new game+ mode (ex mode, you keep your skills and weapons except for the absolutely uber katana you get before the last boss)- killer, heavy metal rabbits from hellCons:- chaotic and messy near the end (lots of enemies etc)- a bit repetitive, especially at the end- boss fights work all the same (shoot shiny spot to expose weakness, shoot spot)- last boss was a chore. not difficult or anything but annoying and taking longer then i enjoyed fighting it.If you like bloody and gory katana/weapon carnage with a good story and nice artstyle. Get it, play it, enjoy it."
,Recommended,233130,12105707,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Blood_Wraith,Execute massacres for some unfortunate janitor to clean up.
,Recommended,233130,12359145,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Michael@Belgium,"This game is pure fun: chop legs, slice demons in half, explode 15 demons with one bullet (by shooting a barrel), fight against bosses where you think you can't win of, great and funny voice acting/comments and a lot more !You can do it all in this game !Just a must-have.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorOh a sword, to make it more personal"
,Recommended,233130,12341705,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Seth BOOT,With it's amazing and satysfying combat along with a great amount of exploration for a linear game and a really smooth upgrading system Shadow Warrior is deffinently a game you should consider getting.
76561198293001358,Recommended,233130,28932242,Posted: 2 January,all,Kielyr,katana version of serious sam :D
,Recommended,233130,28681340,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,NSA put me on watchlist,"This game would be a solid 9/10 if not for the SUPER spongy enemiesThe FIRST boss took me literally a whole hour to beat on the highest difficulty, and that entire time I was just walking in circles shooting the fat ♥♥♥♥Still a worthwhile purchase on sale"
,Recommended,233130,9628334,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Cynyx,Nice FPS : innovative sword combat in a classic but efficient gameplay. A must to play imo.
,Recommended,233130,9337429,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,<><><><>,Wow hot asian girls plz stop ur turning me on
,Recommended,233130,7792591,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,isterholm,"This game is ridiculous. Don't even bother with guns, because this game is all about slicing demons in half and spraying their entrails across the floor. Everything that moves will die horribly.Pros:* Bad one liners* You've got the touch* You've got the powerCons:* Really bad one liners* There are guns in this game I guess??* Seriously, why would you not slice dudes in half. Never touch the guns."
,Recommended,233130,7904839,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,alkoholisk,It`s Duke Nukem meets Serious Sam but with some brutal old Shadow Warrior style and a bit of The Darkness attitude
76561198052583762,Recommended,233130,7346350,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,PulseZET,"Shadow Warrior - свежий порыв ветра, рассекший воздух, как катана Ло Вэнга. Глоток драйва, в пустыне однообразия.Игра порадовала буквально всем, от визуального стиля и сюжета, до динамики боя и управления.Море удовольствия и радости!Спасибо  Flying Wild Hog! Спасибо  Devolver!Великолепно!"
76561198283975088,Recommended,233130,34283614,Posted: 16 August,all,MC.RIB.2008,"THE GOOD- Combat is fast paced and incredibly satisfying. With well designed weapons and powers there is also a suprising amount of variety in how you can approach combat scenarios.- Graphics are great and the game runs incredibly smoothly for the most part. It is astounding how many enemies it can render at once and still keep a steady framerate.- Story is fun and doesn't take it iself seriously, but still has some emotionally impactful moments between the suprisingly well developed characters.- Sound design is great and the score has a fun aesthetic to it allowing it to fit the tone of the game perfectly.- Game feels like a complete experience despite the lack of multiplayer.- Skill Tree system is fun and simple, creating a satisfying sense of progression throughout the around 14 hour experience.- Game is best experienced on hard. It's well balanced yet still difficult.-♥♥♥♥♥♥Jokes and Lot's of themTHE BAD- Game is a bit to long with a lot of filler puzzle sections. Occasionally these allow you to catch a break from the action but most of the time they are just used to pad out game length.- The menu's are clunky and unintuitive.- Boss Fight's are just mediocre.- Game relies on a quicksave system for the most part which is heavily exploitable and kinda tedious.OVERALLShadow Warrior is an incredibly fluid action game with a suprising amount of depth in both combat and it's narrative. The game is well worth the buy and will give you 14 hours of non stop action and hilarity.8/10"
76561198004962322,Recommended,233130,8704621,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,trash,Best buy of 2013 for me no question at all. Old school FPS with great game play if you like being on the move all the time as camping = death just like it should be. My first play thorough was on insane which was an insane idea but got to the finish in the end. The only thing missing in this game as yet for me is  a co-op play thorough as that would be insane fun. Also has 3 maps for survival which you can play from easy to insane mode.
,Recommended,233130,23158225,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,RunOrShoot?,"The Wang wayAs with Flying Wild Hog’s previous title, Hard Reset (great, 4/5) SHADOW WARRIOR is a whole lot of riotous fun. Like it’s predecessor, it’s an old-school shooter, but with SW we get the added fun of melee combat. And that’s basically what SW is all about: katana mayhem. It also shares much of the mechanics and gameplay tropes of the earlier game, and that’s all to the good as well. It differs from Hard Reset in some areas, however, most notably with the variety of weapons and the more conventional upgrade system and skills tree. There’s also a stronger story, although it is a tad incoherent at times. There are some very cool cutscenes, but they’re used sparsely and never intrude but do help to flesh out the story. And there’s also plenty of amusing, deliberately cheesy, dialogue to enjoy. Graphically, SW is one of the most stunning games I’ve come across, and it also delivers some impressive physics. It’s not open world, as is de rigueur these days, but its linearity keeps the story, and the game progression, on the rails and never detracts from the fun. Hugely enjoyable and highly recommended. 4/5"
,Recommended,233130,13564591,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Grace,"Alright, the only reason why I bought this game was because it was 90% off ($3.99) during the holiday sale, and it looked interesting based on the screenshots. I wasn't expecting much. However, this game completely took me by surprise and it was a fantastic journey from start to finish. The combat is deliciously gorey with very intereting ways to pull off special attacks. (By the way, do not play this on a controller - keyboard and mouse is the way to go in order to pull off special moves with ease.) There are RPG elements in which you spend different points to upgrade your weapons and learn new skills. The game is over-the-top and the humor is great - in particular the banter between the two protagonists. The story was surprisingly poignant and the artwork in the cutscenes was simply beautiful. The in-game graphics are nice, but nothing too special, especially the character models which look blocky and low res. Some of the environments are quite pleasing to the eye though. In short I highly recommend this game, and do not mess with the Wang."
,Recommended,233130,28944718,Posted: 2 January,all,Zappes,"I love the gory visual style of this game, but that's something you see a lot. What's less common is the brilliantly dark humour and well-written dialogue you find in this game and the fact that its funny one-liners and bloody dismemberments are also available for Linux."
,Recommended,233130,21959974,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,SilverStar Stallone,"Shadow Warrior really is a hidden gem. I haven't played it through yet, but I was happy with paying the sale price five minutes after I started playing."
,Recommended,233130,7891776,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Monsieur-Owly,Despite its old-school aspect Shadow Warrior manage to add something different to the FPS genre: swordplay! Drop your gun and draw your katana! A real warrior should rely on his melee weapon and not on his long range weapons. The humor in Shadow Warrior is full of pop culture content! Don't take this game too seriously! This game was made for pure enjoyment! If you want more old-school action FPS after Serious Sam BFE pick this one up! The game doesn't include multiplayer but don't worry. For 40$ you will get at least 15 hours of gameplay if you crank up the difficulty to the maximum. In the FPS field this game lenght is almost inexistant. Boss fights are memorable as they are humongous. Don't forget to add up replayability as you can unlock more skills more powers!Rating:9.0
,Recommended,233130,8427955,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Ryne,7/10 -So much Wang. Way to long for it's own good...like 20 hours long. It gets really repetitive. I got sick of killing the same monsters wave after wave. You can't even continue the game or open a door to the next area unless you kill everything that is present at the time. Wish there were more humans you can slash up instead of monsters 95% of the time throughout it's entirety. The story is not bad but not that great either. I love it's gore and how the bodies never disappear after hacking them up. I also like it's sense of humor. Overall I enjoyed it's gorefest.
,Recommended,233130,9811076,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Klappstuhl,"Highly recommended to anyone who would like to see what the last capable people left over from 3D Realms are able to do once unchained. A truly fun experience to people who prefer Mob FPS games (e.g. Serious Sam), mowing down rows of demons and enemies in a way that will stick in your head for long after the game is set aside.You will sit at work, and not think of that report you are trying to print. Instead, you are bound to reminescene that one moment, when you sliced and diced your way through a dozen enemies, only to watch the last one bow down in terror, so hard and low, that his head hits the ground, scattering his brain on the holy ground you walk on.However, do not, I repeat, do NOT take this game to be easy. If you look at it funny, it will return the favor... in spades. It will kick your♥♥♥♥♥♥from dusk till dawn if you mistake it for the fool it isn't."
,Recommended,233130,17806581,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Shlongadactyl,my Wang got hard playing this
,Recommended,233130,23286043,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Dante S. Ryu,"Fun! Looking forward for SW2 - with Co-op game!Pros- Interesting Power/ Skill- I like the character ""following"" the player- I couldn't stop laughing when I know the consequence of trying to F. with the rabbits having ""fun""- pixel secrets, creativeSpace for improvement- If the physics and motions can be improved in the next game, it's gonna be awesome!- The Chinese and Japanese wordsIt's a bit weird for people who can understand the words but don't find them relevant to the power/ skill..And some of the signs are... not up-side-down... but front-side-back...(My weird English)The thing made me laugh was that I found that, in the grave, almost every has the same name and that person is from long long time ago. Another is a famous person.I wish the character could look a bit younger :)"
76561198077956723,Recommended,233130,24332015,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,staryzapomnij,"Gameplay linear but its not a problem in this game, there are some more open areas. Funny humour from begining, good graphics and teleportation to another dimension :D Must play at least one in life :D"
,Recommended,233130,8459744,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Starwind,"Probably the best single player FPS I've played since Half-Life 2. Easily worth a full $60, but it's only $40 normally and goes as low as $10 on sale. Literally no reason to not buy it if you like FPS games."
,Recommended,233130,22917184,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,It's ya boi,It might seem difficult at first but once you get the Wang of it you'll fall in love with this game.Elewang outta ten
,Recommended,233130,7316590,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Tundra Scorpion,"Easily a top contender for GotY.A very bold reimagining of a classic shooter, Shadow Warrior accomplishes what it sets out to achieve with spot-on accuracy. Fast paced retro action, a good story, great humor, a solid upgrade system, encouragement for world exploration and possibly the most dynamic dismemberment system I've seen.What's not so great I'd have to say would be hit-detection, you can unload an entire magazine on somebodies face but sometimes the game won't register the hits, so you do no damage, waste ammo and look like an idiot. Thankfully this isn't a frequent occurance so when it does happen it doesn't ruin too much.So until I play more of it and get more information in order to write a proper review let me say this: Shadow Warrior is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, get it."
76561197983056378,Recommended,233130,13768403,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,SoyaLors,"""Killing is easy, giving a♥♥♥♥♥♥is hard"" - Lo WangShadow warrior is an FPS game with very dynamic, fast and action packed gameplay, First of all, what you really may enjoy in this product is unique and fresh katana combat: there are plenty of moves and special abilities, that can be utilize while wielding this weapon. Plus, additional powers and skills, that can help you in your stylish crusade against demons.Secondly, the plot and characters. Protagonist is a hitman with good sense of humour, that must redeem his honour and save the world at the same time. Nothing new here, actually, but the story makes up because of main hero and his comments on what happens throughout the game.And finally, the bad thing. Combat getting repetitive and boring at second part of the game. The problem is, that there are 18 chapters, if I remember correctly, and, surprisingly, this whole massacre that you will be doing at first with smile on your face and that I praised before gets annoying with time. You see, a game with such insane and action packed gameplay cannot be entertaining and long at the same time without any cool stuff reserved for late game. And Shadow Warrior, unfortunately, lacks that stuff for second part of your journey.Conclusion:If you like good and fast FPS - buy it, but better on sale. If you play that kind of genre occasionally, you should pass this  one by.Gameplay and katana combat +Characters and plot +Graphics +Game is too long for that kind of genre-Combat may get repetitive and boring with time for someone -In the end, I would give that game 7/10 on the Wang meter."
,Recommended,233130,15331348,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Mozgus,"What a solid product we have here. Pretty much loved it from start to finish.*Some of the best first person melee combat out there*Extremely vivid visuals the entire campaign*Honestly funny, yet immature dialog. Hoji cracks me up.*The devs recently updated the game with 64bit and DX11 support, which made the game run like a dream for me.*Very lengthy campaign with a good variety of environments, enemies, equipment, abilities, etc.*Retro FPS sensibilities that are sorely lacking in today's genre.*A ninja star to a semi-truck's windshield makes the whole damn thing explode.*Easily satiates anyone's Wang quotient.I can't think of many gripes. I suppose some basic multiplayer or coop modes would have been nice. It does have a New Game + mode, should you want to earn every upgrade for Wang that you couldnt afford the first time through. After the new patch, the only technical issue I had was the cutscenes, which are rare, all played only from my center speaker on my 5.1 setup.Considering how insanely cheap this game is on sale, I insist that every steam user own it. The devs deserve more attention for this one."
,Recommended,233130,7965102,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,😺 Jolly Kitten,"I just finished this game and I could say I liked it.It's like Serious Sam meets Bioshock Infinite meets asian theme.I liked the cheesy humor, the final plot twist was nice too.Slicing through stuff with katana is enjoyable and weapon choice is wide and nice and there are upgrades and all.Musics is nothing special. Main tune playing throughout the game is too dramatic for this nonstop-meatgrinder-explosion-shoot-everything-that-moves gameplay to my liking.There's some nasty gamedesign flaws like annoying flying monsters which are too difficult to shoot and death after dashing from stairs (apparently, game kills you after you fly for longer than a second).Okay. 7/10."
,Recommended,233130,22825205,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Adam,"An absolute gem. Great gameplay, really surprisingly good storyline for a FPS (it's actually well written.). Worth every cent."
,Recommended,233130,11225029,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Bomb-Sniffing Pomeranian,Sometimes the levels appear to implement level design. It's amazing what impresses in the year 2014.
76561198046576006,Recommended,233130,33866987,Posted: 28 July,all,Spanky,"""The way of the Wang"" is just plain fun, funny and playable for all the simple reasons gamers love. Maps complex enough to make you need to find your way around, without beening frustrated by the "" where the f$%^& is the way to the place I need to do something"" The dialogue is both inane and brilliant at the same time, without being tedious in repartition. Secrets all over the place for those who like the search, and some good old fashion ""OH CRAP!!!"" moments. Boss fights can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ but there are plently of tutorials on the www to help. Overall Shadow Warrior is deliberately cliche and pulls it of and hangs♥♥♥♥♥♥on the fact that it is. I liked it lots.(And anyway, who thinks there is already to many knob jokes on the internet? NOT ME!)"
,Recommended,233130,29812772,Posted: 9 February,all,Menno♦Knight™,"""YOU GOT WANG!""Shadow Warrior is a reimagining of the classic 1997 video game by the same title. This game is hilariously brutal and cheesy at the same time. You play as Lo Wang, a Chinese assassin working out of Japan. You are sent by your employer (Master Orochi Zilla) to collect the Nobitsura Kage, an ancient sword of unimaginable power, for him. Long story short, things don't go very smoothly, and literally all Hell (or Shadow Realm to be specific) breaks loose.The game is played from a first-person perspective, through the eyes of Lo Wang. You can see your hands, you can look down at your legs. Combat is fluid, very quick and very brutal. This game has a lot of blood and gore, and flying limbs (which is quite entertaining to say the least). You fight against mostly different shadow creatures, demons if you will, and a few humans as well. More often than not there are hoards of creatures coming at you all at one time, meant to try to overwhelm you... but you can handle it, you're Lo Wang.You start off with your sword (shurikens too), but as the game progresses, you acquire more weapons: revolver, submachine gun, crossbow, shotgun, flamethrower, and rocket launcher. You can also obtain the ability to pick up demon hearts and/or warlord heads. You can use all these amazingly fun toys against various baddies that show up in the game: crawlers, birdmen, trolls, warpers, mothers, warlords, shamans, berserkers... and the pitiful human enemies too. Also, if you come across a cute little furry bunny rabbit, and you feel so inclined to splatter its internals all over the ground over and over, you may come across a little surprise revenge of the bunnies moment, so by all means, use your toys on that as well.Joined with you along the way is Hoji, a banished immortal of the Shadow Realm. Quite an amusing character, and to be honest, I probably enjoyed him more than the main character of Lo Wang. He may be kind of annoying, snarky and sarcastic, but quite amusing nonetheless. And he grows on you... like a fungus... but in a good way? But I digress. He helps you along the way both with his knowledge of shadow creatures, and his innate ability to find the whisperers, who are synthetic creatures that hold memories as well as parts of the scattered sword you're after. Despite part of his own memories being missing, he is quite helpful.Aside from the normal enemies you come across, there are the boss battles. These battles take you into the Shadow Realm, and one-on-one with each of the other immortals, or ancients: Gozu, Mezu, and Xing. You only come across these bosses after finding a whisperer, retrieving part of the sword, and cracking open the lost memory of each. The boss battles require you to unleash all of your arsenal on their heavy armour before you can fully take 'em, take 'em out, take 'em down, do your... do your stuff.I had a blast playing through this game. You will too. There are a lot of things to do. Sometimes the waves of enemies become repetitive, but hey that's okay. There are a bunch of secret pathways to find secret items. You can collect secret statues, pools of blood, and fortune cookies as well. There are achievements for doing such too. I played through this game 3 times. First, on easy for a very casual introduction to the game, where I could explore and find everything I could. Second, on Heroic mode, which only unlocks once you've beaten the game on any difficulty, and I did that for more of a challenge. Third, to find anything I missed, and I missed a lot, which is quite easy to do. But, I found all the statues, all the pools, all the cookies, and attained all achievements.What a ride! If you haven't gotten this game, I highly recommend that you do. It is worth the full price, but quite often it goes on sale, and most times (or maybe every time, I don't know) that it does, it's at 90% off, I picked up the Special Edition for $5.49 CAD. Amazing deal!"
,Recommended,233130,12867536,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,PlagueDoctor,"This game is an absolute blast!  I'll admit I've never been the biggest fan of the original Shadow Warrior (Though it had some fun moments) but truly this game is barely related to the original Shadow Warrior outside of the fact that the protagonist is a wisecracking sword wielding badass named Lo Wang (Who is thankfully much, much less annoying and racist than his 90s counterpart), there's a corporation named Zilla, and it's an FPS.  I do hesitate calling it a true ""Old school"" shooter as I kind of take issue with modern games thinking that old school FPS games were all horde based games where you'd progress to another horde that spawns in legions before moving on.  I suppose you could call it old school in attitude though, but otherwise it's more of a modern arcadey-horde shooter in the vein of Serious Sam or Painkiller, but either way it doesn't matter - all that matters is that this game is good, gory fun.  If you want a great looking, hard hitting, bloody, nasty, violent and challenging shooter that doesn't take itself serious then get this game!"
,Recommended,233130,8237123,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Kaeleb,"Hot damn this game is awesome.Its like playing an oldshool John Woo Movie.+ good graphics+ good melee combat+ katanas+ wang jokes- no multiplayerIf only this game had multiplayer, oh my god it would my game of the year."
76561198020472349,Recommended,233130,8333101,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,BROOD-SkorpioN,"This game easily earns the title for 'Best FPS of 2013'.Hordes of enemies, crazy weapons, cheesy dialog and one-liners...if you, like me, hate modern FPS games and miss the good old days when FPS games actually focused on the First Person Shooting - this is the game for you!The major strength of this game is the Katana gameplay, which turns out to be one of the best - if not the best - implementations of a melee mechanic in an FPS I have ever seen. The sheer enjoyment of slicing enemies to bits will carry you through the entire game.As much as I enjoyed Shadow Warrior, a few drawbacks need to be addressed:1. The Katana, being such an amazing weapon, tends to overshadow the gunplay of the game. The other weapons don't seem to generate the same level of enjoyment, and the game progression system itself seems to encourage the use of the Katana over the guns. As a result, the only shooting I found myself doing in the game was a forced result of the karma rating and the lack of ability to slice up the major bosses. If I could kill the bosses without using the guns - I probably would.2. Not all of the guns are fun to use. Lo Wang's crossbow, in particular, was a disappointment. The gun has no accuracy advantage over other weapons, has a projectile travel time and doesn't seem to provide a stealth element when engaging unaware enemies. As a result, I found myself using it mainly to detonate ""mines"".3. Some areas in the game seem to lead into a massive frame rate loss, which is something an FPS game should avoid at all costs.In spite of those drawbacks, the game is great fun and definitely a step in the right direction as far as FPS games go."
,Recommended,233130,22788588,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Pug King,"Shadow Warrior utilizes beautiful visuals, sound, and controller prowess. The seamless change from fire arm to melee combat coupled with the rewarding levelling up system which allows you to personalize your play style leaves you feeling satisfied. I was never familiar of the original Shadow Warrior however I think long-time fans will appreciate its subtly nods to its past. The voice work is also of high quality. If you are looking for a fun single player FPS action oriented campaign. I implore you to check this game out, I am already looking forward to the sequel which will feature co op. Have fun slaying demons and otherworldly horrors in the silly game.Make peace before Lo Wang cuts you to pieces ~"
,Recommended,233130,8417254,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Hyperchaotic,"That's not the remake of Shadow Warrior. It's completely new game with new main character and new storyline. New Lo Wang is dumb and boring person with horrible jokes and puns. There is nothing funny about him. Main hero will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off through entire gameplay. But game is good. Bloody slasher with katanas, demons and gore. Fighting system is comfortable and simple, upgrades for weapons/magic/skills are interesting."
,Recommended,233130,13110401,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,anilEhilated,"Let me put it this way. It's the best effing shooter since Bulletstorm, which was the best effing shooter since Painkiller, which was the best effing shooter since Doom 2. If any of those games sounds even remotely up your alley, go for it.Also it has a pretty damn great storyline, which is essentially unheard of in this genre.e: And with the sale prices being what they are there is absolutely no excuse to not play this. This line was totally not added for want of a badge."
,Recommended,233130,29151181,Posted: 9 January,all,IRuTReX,":( didn't expect the endingnice story and gameplayif you like games like doom , serious sam and Duke Nukem  you should try this onehighly recommended"
,Recommended,233130,14551114,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,"""Bob"" the Space Cadet","Let me just add my positive review to the pile...Frankly I'm surprised the metacritic rating is so low for Shadow Warrior. It's a well-polished game with very nice graphics, good game-play, interesting combat that rewards not spamming the same technique all the time, has a really nice and emotionally involving story (that ending!), includes Easter eggs referring to the original game for nostalgia (and refers to other popular games too), and it somehow balances a line between being ludicrously cheesy (try to keep count of how many Wang puns there are, or better yet: take a drink every time there is a Wang joke!) and being somewhat self-deprecating because they know how stupid it is, but for Shadow Warrior to not have Wang jokes and over the top cliche'd settings would just not be Shadow Warrior.This is how you breathe new life into a game franchise. Other devs should take notes on this game, because there's a lot of childhood favourites that I would like to see get this kind of treatment.Edit: I bought the special edition because I love Hotline Miami, and really it wasn't worth the extra money, even on sale. I'm not sure what I expected with that promo sword, but it's just not worth it. Definitely buy the standard edition.10/10 would play with Wang again (hur hur hur)."
76561198050046324,Recommended,233130,12384792,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,That Darn Platypus,"Put DMC and Serious Sam in a blender, serve chilled with♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes on top.Probably one of my favorite recent games. Will preorder sequel if it happens."
76561197972369732,Not Recommended,233130,12830455,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,tanelorn,"This game is fun to play...for a short while.  After the first few chapters, you'll realize that you've seen just about everything the game has to offer.  The combat is boring once you come to understand that you'll be fighting the same enemies over and over and over.  It's difficult to take a strategic approach to the combat as most foes simply materialize out of thin air.  The time and place for encounters are also predictable.  If you find a large, unoccupied room, expect the enemies to start materializing any second.The developers could have knocked this one out of the park.  The weapons are fun to use and the special powers are nice also.  It's just the variation that is lacking.If the price was around $5, it would be worth a look."
,Recommended,233130,13500404,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Super Bad,"Great game,Killing demons is katana is really fun.A various weapons can be used such as shotguns,missiles,demon heads which shoot fire etc... Game is worth its money.8/10 fun to cut enimies into pieces in a blood bath.✓ Interesting story✓ Good graphics.✓ Good shooting and combat.✓ Great sound track and funny voice act.✓ Fun game play.✓ Medium play time with campage with 17 chapters."
,Recommended,233130,8957585,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,PatsDark,"A nice gem of a game. There is a ton of FPS around these days, it is a pleasure to see one who actually puts tons of secrets and easter eggs and fun gameplay. This is how a shooter should be. Please, i don't know who you guys are but could you take Duke Nukem away from whoever got it at the moment and put the team who did Shadow Warrior in charge?"
76561197983672075,Recommended,233130,16302956,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,DaetherX,"A shining example of a First Person Shooter done right.No wee-wee-spunk-gargle here.All the weapons feel diferent, and no one of them seems ultimately better than another. They all have a good impact as well. And the sword? I pretty much used the sword 99% of the time my first playthrough. It's fantastic. Slice through enemy demons spraying their blood and body parts everywhere. I hear demon blood is good for your skin, so don't feel bad being covered in it.Great game. If you're not willing to pay full price, get it on sale. Not only is the action good but it's funny, and upholds the inappropriateness of the original. The level designs are good as well.I enjoyed it from start to finish."
,Recommended,233130,7558764,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,CannavaroJ,"You don't believe underrate review form suck columnists, Shadow warrior is awesome game in this year, Solid gunplay, Funny sword fight, Sharp control, Fast and Brutal gameplay. Flying with hoge successfull to mix old school fps and modern gameplay to Shadow warrior. If you like action game you must own it.  8.5/10"
,Recommended,233130,17547012,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Cowardly Lion,All I need is katana and fresh meatPerfect
76561197984095100,Recommended,233130,20385167,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,dangrates,"""Alright ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, whose ready for some Wang?"""
,Recommended,233130,15286427,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,bruce,"boa história, boa jogabilidade, excelentes cenas, etc... recomendo... ""who wants some Wang ?"""
,Recommended,233130,28827509,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Canjan,Exellent running game about slaying demons with a layer of 80's cheese.
76561197968524538,Recommended,233130,18086420,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Jadawin,"To me (Generation Doom, Quake, Duke Nukem) Shadow Warrior is the best shooter in the last 10-15 years. A multiplayer mode is missing, but besides that you get a perfect shooter. I could praise every single aspect of the game, but it all comes to this: Its damn good fun. Fair, bloody, funny, violent, GOOD. Buy this or be damned to bake fortune cookies.And dont forget: No one is an island. Except Lo Wang."
76561198004298655,Recommended,233130,26053045,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Cecil Costanza,"So I'm just wandering around looking for loot when I come across two rabbits making love. Decided I would end their little session by slashing at them with my katana...Well I slaughtered one straight in half but the other rabbit became engulfed in flames and chased me down. Was early on in the game too, he put up quite a good fight. Did not see that coming (Possible Monty Python Reference?)Great game and you should add it to your library!"
,Recommended,233130,7952482,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,AnzA,"Very entertaining ninjaish hack 'N' slash FPS. The combat system is great and fast paced with lots of combos and different skills/abilities to use (including different powers, perks and badass wep attachments :) ).  Melee combat/swordplay is extremely rewarding and brutal so that slicing through tons of enemies feels very good indeed.There are lots of guns to use aswell, which mainly have a fairly nice gunfeel, but could be improved at some parts.  The game's combat mechanics are great and diverse, including the Ki system that is a bit familiar to Bioshock's Plasmid and Vigor systems. I would also recommend trying macros with this game:).At the top of all, the game also looks very nice and has nice music, good humor (yet a bit sexist at some points) and a suprisingly well written story.  It's also pretty lenghty for an indie game.I would very much recommend Shadow Warrior to anyone who loves some good old fps and hack 'n' slash action."
,Recommended,233130,13889270,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Lycanthrope,"Great story, wonderful slicing and dicing katana action, funtastically great gameplay, hugely talented voice actors and just the right length for people with short attention spans.What's not to like?"
76561198038371482,Recommended,233130,4514496,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Rat 13,"Action based, ultimate fun! Somehow this game combines old-school action and humor with modern style gameplay elements (skill and weapon upgrades). Forget about Serious Sam or Painkiller; This is as close to old-school shooter as posible in modern gameing. Exploration, stylish melle and gunplay combat system, simple but fun story and of course Lo Wang charisma.For every arcade shooter fan out there. BUY THIS GAME without second thought, and get ready to have some Wang!Wangtastic. (c)"
,Recommended,233130,25907911,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Panna,"""WHO WANTS WANG?"""
,Recommended,233130,7349056,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,bobert awful (F+),"The further and further I get into the game, recommending it gets harder. The combat is fantastic, combining swordplay and faceshooting by rewarding the player for killing groups of enemies in convoluted, awesome fashions. Lighting a group of enemies on fire and then decapitating them all is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome! However, around hour five is when things start sliding into ♥♥♥♥♥ville, because that's when the enemies with glowing weak spots appear to destroy the momentum by being a trope of gaming that sucks. Hour ten is when the writing shines, and by that I mean the game overstays its welcome while trying to wrap up its overwritten, boring story with nothing new to offer. It's still better than the original by a wide margin!"
76561198052610539,Recommended,233130,29815934,Posted: 9 February,all,Death From Above,"I try my best to avoid one-line meme reviews, because they are Steam Review Cancer, but if I were to do one for Shadow Warrior 2013 it would read ""It's Brutal DOOM, but with Wang jokes"". If you don't know what Brutal DOOM is, there is a pretty fair chance you are not part of the target audience for a game like Shadow Warrior to begin with.I thought this was a really enjoyable game that also has enough options for really enthusiastic fans that want to sink some time in (higher difficulties, a neat survival mode). The meat of any FPS game is combat and I found there to be no shortage of fun there. Simply put the game was very fun to play. The story is, frankly, a pretty muddled mess, but that's almost irrelivant here. The meat of the game is chopping and slicing your way through waves of demons, and the game does this well. I didn't find normal to be overwhelmingly difficult, but it is challenging in several key areas, and I'm sure the higher difficulties could get quite painful if that's your ticket.For me there were only two minor negatives so let's get those out of the way. One, this didn't bother me a ton but it did some people I know, and I can understand it. There is some old school ""hunt around looking for key to open door after you kill all the bad guys"" in this, which I will file under Your Mileage May Vary. For me it was no real issue but some people will not enjoy this, that's fair enough. Two, for a game focussed heavily on swordplay (sword is your main killing tool, all the other weapons are more situationally useful), it is quite odd that the boss fights focus heavily on gunplay. I found this a strange creative choice.I don't consider either of these particularly serious issues.I had one crash during gameplay of the main campaign (roughly 16 hours, for me).On the positive side, combat was satisfying. The sword is flat out fun to use. One of the reasons I was interested in this game at all was I loved playing as Krieg in Borderlands 2; a very against-the-grain FPS character who can shun guns and avoiding damage, to play a ""hit me and I get stronger"" and melee style of gameplay. So I was interested in trying another melee focussed FPS game. You get a variety of sword techniques as you go, each with timely uses. You also have plenty of chances to just hack and slash away if you like. The other weapons I found pretty much all of them situationally useful. The pistol is actually pretty decent when fully upgraded, very useful on flying enemies and in the boss fights, the SMG is great against these green exploding things that you want to keep at a distance, the shotgun was great against the big dudes that carry shields etc. etc. I found pretty much every weapon had a use that fit for me, and the upgrades allow you to pick and choose weapons that you find suit your personal style. That's cool.If you like blood, boy is this a game for you.Overall I liked the level designs. It's a throwback FPS with little side corridors, and secrets to find. The game world looks pretty cool on the whole, and there's a variety of settings.Lots of fun dialogue. Stupid lowbrow jokes that work. One liners. Just don't try to make too much sense of what the heck is going on and you'll be fine. Overall Lo Wang was a fun character to play as, and there's enough here to break up the constant killing sprees and add a little levity that I found enjoyable.Pretty good soundtrack. It's also included in both MP3 and FLAC format in the Special Edition, which is a nice bonus.I got this on sale fairly cheap, and on the whole I feel like I definitley got my money's worth and more out of a full run through the campaign. A fun throwback to a style of FPS I tend to enjoy much more than the Modern Military Shooter end of the spectrum. At this stage of the game's life, it will probably go on sale fairly regularly and is definitely a worthy pick up for fans of old school FPS action."
,Recommended,233130,32006038,Posted: 27 May,all,Soundwave2142,Wangtastic game.I give it 9/10 on the wangometer.
76561198080252730,Recommended,233130,15908972,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Snowtops,"Insanely fun, great visuals and smooth controls what more could you ask for."
76561198032091932,Recommended,233130,9536101,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Funny Man,"Do you like Painkiller or Serious Sam? So what the hell are you waiting for? Shadow Warrior is the best old-school shooter of the last few years. It is non-stop action with amazing story, beatiful music and nice humor. Don't miss It!"
76561198004995234,Recommended,233130,27862411,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Raimeipwnz,An AWESOME game! Worth every penny!
,Recommended,233130,13957027,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,a rad caek,I killed two rabbits having sex. One of the rabbits proceeded to come back to life as a demon rabbit to kill me to the tune of a thrash metal track.10/10
76561197976028334,Not Recommended,233130,13629136,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Get Burned!,"There are some good aspects to Shadow Warrior, but the biggest flaw that keeps me from being able to recommend it is that the combat is just too repetitive and too basic. The game does look really good. At least the art direction is really good. There are a lot of screen shot-worthy environments in the game. I had my fps counter going during the game and it never dipped under 60fps, but it looked really jerky like it was running at 20-30fps when the game was actually moving. The story is really dumb. I don't know why games insist on having a convoluted story that just does nothing for the game. Another thing is the protagonist is a total♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bag. His jokes and one-liners fall really, really flat. For some reason the writers felt he needs to be paired up with a demon for most of the game who needs to explain the plot to you because the audience is so stupid and wouldn't be able to figure out how to proceed if every thing wasn't spoon fed. The original SW was a master class on complex level design that didn't tell you anything. It challenged you to actually think about things in new ways in order to keep going. That dovetails in nicely with my criticism of the combat. It usually happens in a flat area and its just repeatedly fighting a wave of the same few enemy types over and over again. Every fight seems exactly like every other one. The only difference is on how many enemies will be fought. What was well done with the combat is the Katana. I used it to kill 90%+ of the enemies. It was cool swinging the blade around and chopping up foes into gruesome chunks. It also had powerful attacks that made short work of the enemy. That was good, though, because the guns weren't fun to use. The gun play just felt hollow, like there wasn't any weight to them at all. Because it was so much more fun to use a sword, the boss battles were an even bigger let down because only the guns were effective. The main boss battles were repetitive too. Individually they were just a chore to go through the same routine over and over again until the boss was defeated. And each main boss battle is just a very slight variation on the same thing. This includes the final boss of the game. What I did like was that were a lot of secret areas sprinkled into the layout of the levels. It was fun trying to figure out how to get to areas that seem just out of reach. There was a fair amount of variety to the different levels and it took a good 12 hours to complete the game. This game just can't compare to the original. The main character has been white-washed, the level design has been dumbed down and the combat is much less intense and fun. It does look pretty."
,Recommended,233130,13545879,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Atwa013,"Katana is perfect. I used it more than guns, and there are a lot of guns....And try it on insane difficulty, that's the correct way to play this great FPS, maybe the best, real FPS in 2013.I'm feeling sorry, not trying it earlier...."
,Recommended,233130,33701495,Posted: 21 July,all,Chiamires,"Amazingly fun, just definitely NOT worth 30 euros. Wait for a sale.Or you know, get it for free on humble bundle :D"
76561197962584064,Recommended,233130,26035957,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Zeragrin,"1997 is back and wants you to play with WangI had a huge smile on my face the whole time I played this. The crass humour, the ridiculous violence, the crazy weapons are all there and even more fun than before. The environemnts are well done, varied and fun with TONS of secrets and throwbacks. The graphics are great and the optimisation is on point. I played on hard, presumably more demons on screen at a time and never saw any slow downs or hitches. Flying Wild Hog nailed the update and brought me back to my childhood."
76561198053193011,Recommended,233130,19994058,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,xXAdolf_Bin_Laden_69Xx,i would have payed the full price for this game. thankfully i paid 3 pounds so  thank you steam sale. worth every damn penny. cant wait for shadow warrior 2.
76561198157660188,Recommended,233130,20097366,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,UltraAlpha,"When I stepped into my house, I found it desperately destroyed and nothing but demons left. I was way too upset and anger came up from the depth of my heart. I decided to kill 2 rabbits to help myself getting away from the anger.Slashed the first rabbit-Slashed the second rabbit-A heavy metal music started playing, and the rabbit became black and attacked meHoly♥♥♥♥♥♥it's way too powerful, it can even teleport itself. There was no way of beating it until I saw it standing in a corner due to a bug(might be). I shot it to death, then took a look at it's body. There was way too much blood, organs and one demon heart.ConclusionDon't fxxking mess with demonic rabbit which wants to have sexually intercourse or you'll get rekt"
,Recommended,233130,14065424,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Sakuya,To Do ListGet SwordStab people with swordFind Low Res Anime Girl Bathing in WaterfallWatch Bunnies HumpKill Said BunniesFight Demon BunnyEat Fortune CookiesHave Witty Banter With Demon SidekickWang Joke
,Recommended,233130,14957774,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Desmond先輩,One of the best FPS experiences I've had for a while. A refreshing dose of Old School gameplay among the overused COD clones of today.
,Recommended,233130,22055550,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,jiminywinkle,BeholdThe CORRECT way to make a hack and slash9.5/10 Easier to be killed by rabbits than by demons
,Recommended,233130,33672888,Posted: 20 July,all,xEagle 3Y3x,"Shadow Warrior (2013) is a fantasic re-envisioning of the original shooter ""Shadow Warrior"", released in 1997. Lo-Wang is still a wise♥♥♥♥♥and there is no shortage of humor thoughout the entire game, which took approximately 12hrs for my first playthrough on Hard difficulty.  The gun-play and strafing can really snatch you up in a ""Shooter trance"" as you're slicing and dicing demons with your Kitana, or moving down hordes of charging enemies with Uzi's, a Crossbow, Rocket Launchers, etc.  The upgradable powers and skills will assist you in feeling like you're becoming more and more of a badass throughout the game, which to unlock requires exploration of the map and using a variety of skillful kills on enemies in glorious fashion. I did feel the rating system for Karma was inconsisent at times. Certain instances I'd think I've near flawlessley cleared an area of enemies, taking little damage etc and using a variety of guns/sword, although only receiving potentially 3/5 stars. Whereas, other instances I could camp and fire crossbows onto mindless oncoming hordes, and would net a result of 4.5/5 stars.  Whilst the game has an extensive story, spanning across multiple levels and interesting yet diverse settings, I do feel the 3 or so boss battles that took place throughout the game were downright lazy; simple pattern movements, unintelligent area design (I mean literally a circled off area in most cases) and they suffered GREATLY from bullet sponge syndrome (on Hard difficulty). Thankfully, the rest of the games level design encouraged strafing finess and calulated means of disposing the demon enslaught.  The story itself I do feel was convuluted at times, and was sparing in providing context and information to set-piece moments. However, the animated cutscenes were creative and showed a lot of characterisation, which assisted in deeping an otherwise shallow delivery of the events taking place.Overall - Shadow Warrior (2013) is an extreemly fun time, with lots of action, crazy moments and laughs to keep you engaged on this ride to hell (and not the ride to hell, retribution kind either...)P.S; The collectable Fortune Cookies are worth the addmision price alone7.5/10- xEagle 3Y3x"
,Recommended,233130,27345082,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RedRaven,"This game is a legitimately cool FPS in the style of old. Linear level design, but great design with loads of secrets hidden inside them. Loads of snarks and one-liners that make you grin broadly, but the story offers some actual depth to it. Ten different weapons, their handling feeling just right. Easy to access, but offering a challenge for people that want it. Not that many different types of enemies, but killing them never gets old.And then there is Lo Wang.And if you want to clean up the mess you left... there comes a free copy of the ""Shadow Warrior: Viscera Clean Up Detail"".10 / 10 Fortune cookies. If you're still uncertain, try out the demo."
76561198014704153,Recommended,233130,15914443,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,WolfauraRose,"A extremely fun game with beautiful graphics, atmosphere and detailed world. One of the best games I have played in a long time.The combat is so much fun, slashing and destroying with your katana and powers, you have the ability to destroy almost everything around you. I prefer mostly using the katana, I find it much more fun than using guns which almost feel pointless as they don't seem as strong, effective or fun as the katana.It has quite a good story line with amusing dialogue from Wang, upgradable weapons, powers and skills and hidden things to find for those who take the time to explore thoroughly.The only thing I didn't like is that you have to double tap a direction then hold and release lmb or rmb to use a katana ability or power which makes it feel a bit slow to execute.This game is a definite must play  I give it a rating of 8/10."
,Recommended,233130,7948790,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Haxavier,"Have you played Duke Nukem 3D, and liked it? If so, you will love this game. If you haven't, please try it or the original Shadow Warrior and see what you make of the gameplay. This game captures the essence that made those old games classics, slaps a fresh coat of paint on, and introduces some modern reworkings to gameplay that fit almost seamlessly in there.For what price you pay, you'll get a 12-16 hour campaign with a solid challenge, lots of secrets and collectibles to search levels over again for, and a surprisingly good story that is well written and acted. Lots of UI customization options, new game plus, FIVE difficulty modes, and full controller support round out this package quite nicely (Gods have mercy on you if you do use a controller to play this, though).I was afraid to spend my money on this game for the longest time because I feared it would lose its charm and momentum halfway through, but I was certainly very wrong. This game pushes it to 9 in the beginning, then to a 15 by the end of the game. I spent $10 on this game during the winter Steam sale, but I was so damn impressed and entertained by everything this game threw at me that I spent an extra $10 for the Special Edition upgrade because I felt like I underpaid FWH for this spectacular game they've made.Go get this game, and don't be afraid of spending more than $10. This game is a prime example of how retro shooter gameplay can rock on with more than just nostalgia fueling it."
76561198014621099,Recommended,233130,9873344,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,DW2054,"Just finished playing and I have to say the game was great!  9/10.  There was only 1 or 2 areas that felt like a bad case of plot-itus driving Lo Wang to do something that I thought was off.  But otherwise it was a fantastic FPS kill/slash/maim experience.  The backdrop storyline and 8 bit Easter eggs were an appreciated extra.  If you played and beat the 1st game then this is going to knock your socks off, if you didn't then this might entice you play the first one.As for level design and graphics I thought they were solid, it wasn't one of those hey lets update an 80's / 90's game with cool graphics so you spend 100 years going through endlessly huge levels that compensated for bad graphics back in the day.  There were a couple environmental's that were a little weak in design or rendering but the lighting is the best hands down I have seen for a FPS (Splinter Cell does not count in that genre).Get the game you will enjoy it!"
,Recommended,233130,13515478,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Winter [Wild Hunt],"pros: great visuals & graphic options, epic soundtrack & sound effects, interesting characters with great voice acting, satisfying & visceral melee combat, varied abilities & skill tree, great humor especially the fortune cookies, visual changes when upgrading weapons, scoring after combat incentivizes the player to vary his/her attacks, you get faster upgrades/money/ammo from finding hidden loot which incentivizes the player to explore the map, plenty of easter eggs & references, massive boss battles (although I would of liked some innovation), quick save/load & frequent checkpoints, score attack mode & other modes for replayabilitycons: parts of the game arbitrarily cap the fps at 30, lacking borderless windowed mode, linear map progression (not expansive enough for my fancy), skyboxes doesn't look as good as the rest of the game, invisible walls & instant death when stepping into certain water areas (although some water you can step on without dying - it's trial & error to know if what you are stepping on is safe or not...), hitboxes are wonky & sometimes unresponsive (shotgun doesn't even work on boss weakpoints), obligatory turret sections, story & ending could of been implemented betterOverall, Shadow Warrior (2013) does a great job with reinterpreting the original 3D Realms classic (can't say the same for DNF). I found the katana combat way more satisfying than the gunplay, although how you build your character is entirely up to you. The combat, cast of characters, & the amount of humor kept me interested in progressing through the game, and playing it all the way through to the end was well worth the time!Shadow Warrior has my highest recommendation, a must play especially for fans of the classic!"
,Recommended,233130,10762294,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,"""Beeswax,"" said Sean Bean",You get to shoot some demons. You can also slice up some demons. It's like an old shooty shooty bang bang game except it looks gorgeous. Don't buy if you dislike good games.
76561198126579442,Recommended,233130,9738032,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Mega Absol,Mating Rabbits!!!*kills them for fun*Devil rabbit spawns and made me♥♥♥♥♥♥bricks*11/10
,Recommended,233130,7687342,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Sardonic,"non-ironically one of the best FPS games ever.  Pick up if you like FPS games and have a pulse.It does melee combat better than any FPS prior to it, including Zeno Clash.  The combat is viceral, bloody, and rewarding, the upgrades are good and worthwhile.  Bulletstorm's rewarding-stylish killing mechanism makes a partial return, giving you more karma to upgrade for combat mastery.The main and support character are both well written for what they are, and this is geniuinely one of the funniest games I've played in a long time.The only downsides are that there is something of a lack of enemy variety after a certain point, but the game more than stands up for itself regardless.Also I wouldn't recommend playing on a difficulty higher than normal, it kind of makes enemies into bullet sponges.  I'd have preferred a difficulty that made enemies do more damage than take a shitzillion bullets to kill, but regardless, it's not really a problem.All in all, if you're a fan of the FPS genre, you owe it to yourself to play this unique gem of a game."
,Recommended,233130,8159877,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Hatefuldread,"Definitely one of the biggest surprises of the year for me possibly even the decade, the game is just amazing fun from beginning to end with its addictive gory action and witty humor, so if you like that kind of stuff you need to own this game,To put it in terms that could truly define what this game is, this game is what Duke Nukem Forever should have been pure and simple.Here's hoping for a sequel."
76561197992575787,Recommended,233130,8335442,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Night(\/)ArE,"This game is a face-paced, very true to life sword-fighting physics, and just a whole lot of fun to rip through and find the secrets you miss and get the accomplishments. You'll WANT to re-play this over and over. It's truly a hit! The weapon/sword use is way too much fun. Think Serious Sam but 100x better!! Also to note the use of powers and skills you gain throughout the game makes things more interesting as you play on. So try it, i dare you!!!"
,Recommended,233130,7967618,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,[GDS] Monty,"Holy bat shitman! Pure awesome FPS ""old-school-style"". Think Serious Sam with sword and some powers (and alot of guns...).If you tired of all the ""deep"" games - this is the one. Soon its Steam Christmas sale and I recommend you to buy this game.Its worth full price though - its that good. :-)"
,Recommended,233130,8239827,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Muzzles56,"The combat feels very fluid and controls are amazing. It feels right when you hit an enemy with your sword, and switching between guns doesnt take you out of the moment. Combos are easy to perform, but doesnt mean you will perform them by accident. In big fights you feel like a true badass when you switch back and forth between weapons and perform special moves  and obliterate everything. The story is rather forgetful and I forgot what was going on halfway through which was a shame. There is a part in the game where a lot of conversation is empty (you will know what I mean when it happens) which ruins a good part of the game. The humor between the 2 characters is quite entertaining and it goes downhill a bit when this is missing for a good while9/10"
,Recommended,233130,8698254,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,[MOB]VinBeast,"This Re-interpretation of the classic 1997 shooter actually pleasantly suprised me in several ways in just how good it is.The combat system for a start is immensely satisfying, The sword combat is implemented so well that along with chivalry it's the most fun i've had doing first person melee combat.Guns are also really fun to use thanks to the dismemberment of all enemy limbs in the game as well as some of the more unique weapons from the original game such as the enemy heart and head.The graphics are relatively eye pleasing featuring a lot of colour, rich texture quality and a nice variety of environments to explore in, although monotony does set in at times through either the same type of environment repeating themselves too many times (Enough of the damn Bamboo Forests) or a level going on for too long.The plot was also somewhat suprising in how intriguing it was and the characters are funny/interesting enough to not be annoying, it's also a decent sized game at around a dozen hours and you can get plenty of replay value maxing out all of the characters abilites and unlocking all of his skills.So in summary as long as you don't expect a true remake of the original shooter you should have a blast playing this and for me this was one of the best shooters of 2013."
,Recommended,233130,8115163,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Kelevra,"Great game! Beautiful, hard as hell (on insane difficulty), long (24,5 hours for one walkthrough of linear shooter in 2013? I couldn't even imagine that), full of adrenaline, with interesting story and fun dialogs. One of the best games of the year. Must have. 9/10.P.S. 9 only because of extremely boring final boss )))"
,Recommended,233130,15183253,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Xpander,Full of Action Movie Cliché. The Game you reall can't miss if you into the non-sense violent FPS games.Hotline Katana!10/10
,Recommended,233130,29122519,Posted: 8 January,all,Charles Le Sorcier,Some good ol' fashioned mindless gory fun with lots of wang jokes.
76561197999209563,Recommended,233130,8230595,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,With_Teeth26,"Pretty good dude-killing game where swordplay is more enjoyable than the shooting. Some minor pacing issues here and there, but lots of well used crude humour and exciting fights that are challenging without being frustrating. Get it if you enjoyed Hard Reset and Bulletstorm."
,Recommended,233130,33115206,Posted: 1 July,all,HyperNewbie,"Pretty decent. Games drawn out a bit too long, enemies are a bit too much HP, stuff just takes too long to kill. There needs to be less charging enemies, since it slows down gameplay. FoV slider is nice. Weapons don't feel that good to shoot, and movement is a bit clunkey."
,Recommended,233130,8053993,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,brianmolko1234,Give a talented team a project and keep it of console (for now ) and You get gold. Seeing it's not on console (for now) the COD hungry crowd don't need feeding yet so we Get a true PC game crazy detaild textures amazing particle effects and art style if you want to see the real meat of the grahics check this outhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTfjHLiBVwMAlso  there secrets i'll explain there mainly hide areas in the game where there rooms witch feature the same pixlated graphics and 2D people and props like chairs and plants. So it's like steping back into the 1997 version some are easy to find overs take time. Like today i found a spot on a wall with pixalated graphics i though odd so i crouched and walked towards it to find a secrect room. it's cool and thankfully there's loads.this is no duke nukem forever meaning Shadow Warrior is not trying to play catch up with COD it knows where and what it is a throw back to the Original you can tell bcause duck and cover and guns take a back seat to let melee with your sword talk center stage. there's health packs and Lo Wang opens his own doors.Just 1 small complain if you played the original you will miss the old voice actor as he was funny as hell but to be fair i do not think he would of work dwell in this version.
,Recommended,233130,14087320,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,garvarg,"A game that re-imagines 90’s classic, and though it changed the angle in humour a bit, it is a great successor. Gameplay-wise it is FPS with added fairly developed swordplay mechanics (but don’t expect much, it is a roller coaster not instructional course), some RPG elements allowing you to develop skills of your character, ki powers, and weapons.Level design is quite OK, neither linear nor too free to roam. Though some of the secrets are just “walk around the corner” and others are “know where to turn back or door behind you closes and you can never get secret that only became available when you stopped through it”, both of which aren’t too much fun.Enemies AI is sufficiently complex, but I am easily satisfied with just the amount of them, though there were couple of battles with ridiculously many waves of enemies and insufficient ammunition.Story has some strength, meaningfulness and depth, overall look is painting-like good, music is quite OK. So, while having some flaws here and there, the game gave me some 20 fun hours.P.S. And also thanks to this one the original “Shadow Warrior” got re-released on Steam. Go get it, too."
,Recommended,233130,20304896,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,OmegaΩ,"Great swordplay, story, actors and scenery, didn't expect this game to be this good from what I've heard ofMore people need to play this"
,Recommended,233130,20233331,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,SuccuLyxX,"Great engine, awesome graphics, cool soundtrack, funny dialogue and a cool story, bro. What's not to like?Oh and blood. Tons of blood."
,Recommended,233130,11325197,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,X-pert74,"I really enjoyed this game quite a bit. I've played some of the original Shadow Warrior, which I have mixed feelings about (the main downsides to it, for me, were the incredibly immature humor and the sometimes cheap level/enemy design). This game however, I think is in a league of its own. Story-wise, I actually thought this was pretty enjoyable for what it is. At times it felt sort of like a Suda 51 game, with regard to how crazy the story/combat could get, and the massive number of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes. The humor is still irreverent and silly, but for the most part I found it much more clever and amusing than the original's. I also loved the old-school over-the-top action of this game's combat; there's a lot of projectile-dodging, and combat in general is focused on being very agile and getting into the fray, rather than hanging back behind cover and taking pot-shots at enemies. I also like the way regenerating health is handled; it's not automatic, so you have to initiate it yourself, and it never fully heals your health meter, so there is an incentive to not get hurt, and to find med packs around the level.One thing I... didn't necessarily dislike, but wish could have been handled a little differently, is the integration of combat into the game's levels; most levels fall into a formula of moving through an unpopulated area, finding chests filled with money and ammo and the like (with some secrets if you take the time to explore, though it's never essential), then getting into what is essentially a combat arena, where you fight hordes of enemies. I personally would have liked to see more opportunities to engage in combat that wasn't arena-focused; perhaps having enemies sneak up on you from behind as you're exploring, or having to fight enemies while traversing platforms? It also would have been nice to have some traps to maneuver around, as well as more mazelike environments/puzzles; I feel those aspects of old-school design would have been nice to see. As it is, this game feels sort of like an arcadey beat-em-up in first-person, with sections clearly marked for combat standing in sharp contrast to sections marked for exploration; which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but I wish more variety with regard to level design could have been done. Some of the environments look amazing, but for the most part the actions you do when traversing them don't really switch themselves up much.Overall, I do think of this as being a great game, though it's worth noting this is not exactly a classic-style FPS, despite definitely taking some influence from them. If you can accept that, then this is definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,233130,22788747,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,OnigamiBr,"Behind all the gore, the blood and the shooting, this game is beautifull. The play style remind me so much of the old shooters, but with some improvements. For my nostalgia I give this game a 10/10. Totally worth playing this game, enjoyed every second."
,Recommended,233130,16067007,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,D. Mouse,"Decent, fun FPS with swordplay and an engaging and satisfying variety of ways to dismember and kill demons. The jokes also made me smile at times.My PC isn't the fastest, with only a Radeon HD6970, but I was able to run it well enough at 2560x1600 at medium visual quality settings.If you're moderately good at FPSes you might want to try the Insane difficulty level; I played on Hard and died only occasionally, with the more intense battles only taking another go or two/three to get past, so it felt like Medium to me. (I'm only of average'ish ability and haven't played FPSes for a while.)"
,Recommended,233130,17542883,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Warxa,"A great fusion of first-person shooter and hack'n slash with great atmosphere, interesting story and a humorous protagonist, this game is a must-play."
,Recommended,233130,19630474,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,TortoiseSoup,"In this game you play as Lo Wang the most badass guy in the entire universe and you kill demons with your immense weaponry including a badass katana forged by a demon and a freaking rocket launcher to save the world from demon invasion. If you like blood, gore and the feeling when you cut your enemies in half, go get this game, it's super fun and it has a nice story too."
,Recommended,233130,10398832,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,wroter,"This is everything Duke Nukem Forever should have been, and more.Also, the game has a dedicated button for cleaning blood off of your katana in one smooth motion.Why haven't you bought this game yet."
,Recommended,233130,33678740,Posted: 20 July,all,Sergeant Irish | Tombstone 3,"i didn't even know this game exist on my account until i saw its free on Humblebundle and couldn't redeem the game because its already on my account,this game is a masterpiece, imagine Duke nukem and Deadpool had a rowdy night on a motel and boom, lo wang is born, wielding a combination of melee wepon and a bunch of Firearm, his only task is to hack away at the enemy while making♥♥♥♥♥♥related jokes, before doom 2016 and wolfenstein the new order was released, this is the only good remake of a classic shooter game,plus its free now, get your♥♥♥♥♥to Humblebundle and get it,"
,Recommended,233130,13554379,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Rafael De Jongh,"I recently finished Shadow Warrior as it went on sale a couple weeks ago and as I was already highly interested in the game by the humoristic moments they showed in the trailers I decided to finally get it.Now having finished the game I was quite impressed by the amount of quality they managed to put into it, while the game is pretty linear it does provide you with a pretty lovely and rather comedic story combined with some great action from slashing demon with your katana or just blasting their heads off with an a four barrel shotgun.The graphics of the game were also quite nice to look at, not to say they were the best but there were moments that I was baffled by the quality of the beautiful scenery that made me even stand still and just look around to then kill a couple more waves of demons.The gameplay was pretty fast paced with enough breathing room in between to prepare yourself for the next battle or for more story development.In general the gameplay was quite good and I really liked the comedy factor brought into the story, together with that the story was pretty properly buildup and combined with really great action I have to say that I really did enjoy playing this game.All in all this game sure was fun to play!Overall Score: 9/10"
,Not Recommended,233130,18244087,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Dama,"A very inconsistant game that hovers over mediocrity through good visuals and pretty fun melee combat. Every aspect of this game varies wildy in quality: Sometimes the visuals are incredible, and sometimes you might think you're looking at an early PS3 game. Sometimes the enemies surprise you with their actions and attacks, and sometimes they just sit there in front of a gun turret waiting for you to shoot at them. Sometimes the game plays flawlessly at a high frame rate, sometimes you load a game and suddenly you're halfway through the floor and running at 15FPS. It tries to be reminicent of fast paced 90's FPS shooters, then adds in unnecessarily serious story elements and some seriously slow bulletsponge bossfights that completely suck the fun out of the experience. Definitely not worth it, unless it's on sale for less than 10 dollars."
76561198090257453,Recommended,233130,25543268,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Mad russian,The year 2013 has arried.A herd of ♥♥♥♥in' ugly demons.are rushing from theshadow realm.Crime rate skyrocketedAisa is ruined!Therefore The world calledDuke Nukem's relative Lo Wangfor the massacre of the demonsWang is a killer machine!Wipe out all 1.2 billion ofThe pink demons!However in shadow realm there was a secret project in progress!A project to transform the deceased Orochi Zilla into an ultimate weapon!
,Recommended,233130,33706679,Posted: 21 July,all,[DGR]Nero_Hunter,Nice game ^-^
,Recommended,233130,10797031,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Murtle,"If you can look past the♥♥♥♥♥♥and fart jokes, simplistic storyline,  and mediocre shooting mechanics, there is a fun little game here. The swordplay is suprisingly good with a great leveling and skill system. The enviroments and visuals are gorgeous and even Lo-Wang's little quips can be amusing from time to time. Grab it on sale."
,Recommended,233130,25428298,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,xKasterborous,Get yourself a man like Hoji
,Not Recommended,233130,8411210,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,SlyGoat,"I had fun with this game for a couple of hours, then I suffered through a couple more hours that were exactly the same as the first couple, hoping this was just a minor pacing issue and something would eventually happen to break the monotony. It did not. As far as I can tell this game is a hack-and-slash through and through, and the way you're going to play it is by executing the same special move over and over to kill all of the incredibly non-threatening enemies, and occasionally shoot at the flying ones when they don't for whatever reason fly down low enough to be stabbed in the throat.Oh, wait, no. There is SOMETHING that breaks up the monotony, from time to time. Unfortunately that something is overly time consuming boss fights that just boil down to ""move in circles to avoid his attacks while shooting at his weak points for MASSIVE DAMAGE"". Sadly, there is not even a giant enemy crab to make this seem like a parody. It's just the actual way the boss fights work. They are the ultimate low point of the game even though they're the only time you ever really shoot anything.I have nothing against the developers, I think they set out to make a good game here, and they've been supporting it. I don't even REALLY have anything against the game... but it's another nail in the coffin for old school shooters. Calling this game an old school shooter is glaringly inaccurate for one simple reason - you don't actually shoot anything. The guns are pitifully ineffective while the sword will dispatch most enemy types in a single special attack. The whole melee component of this isn't even challenging because you have a superman dash to clear the distance of an entire room in a split second and, failing that, most of the enemies are melee anyway.The secrets are also not very secretive, and a lot of the places I thought to look for them turned out to be totally inaccessible thanks to some invisible barrier. Not very old school. The highest difficulty level has managed to not kill me once despite extremely reckless melee only play. Not very old school. In fact, I don't even find myself using my healing spell (healing on demand in an old school shooter?) because not only are health pickups numerous, you eventually get an ability that simply heals an absurd amount of damage whenever you hit something with your sword, which is to say, whenever you hit something because you always use your sword.Overall I would give this game something like a 6/10 as a hack-and-slash with some guns and minor RPG elements, which is what it is. As an old school shooter I would give it a 0. Buy it if you're not at all looking for what it's advertised as."
,Recommended,233130,14728470,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Burger Grim,"A fast-paced, action-packed game that sturck me by it's gorgeous decorations. An interesting skill and gun upgrade system coupled with magic and a huge amount of easter eggs make it a very enjoyable FPS. This game does everything right, check it out!"
,Recommended,233130,7672038,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,walter rassberg,Just ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
,Recommended,233130,20278971,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,K⌨YBOARD,"two bunnys had sex. killed one, attacked the other. It became into bunny ultra satan. took 10 minutes to kill it and It left me with 8 health.11/bunny"
,Recommended,233130,9557113,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Lem Lemoncloak,"More fun than I've had in an FPS in a very long while, and the shooting's not even the best part. Swordplay is nearly perfect given the arcady first person setting, though really the only reason I include that 'nearly' is because I'm so spoiled from Dark Souls and Mount & Blade. Controls fairly responsive, customizable enough, and the system for powers/skills that calls for key combos like A-A-RMB and W-W-LMB is an interesting feature that may be a tad unintuitive at first but nevertheless is fairly easy to use once you get used to it.Overall if you enjoy action FPS, old-school shooters, slash 'em ups, or numerous♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes, absolutely play it. Oh, and kill the rabbits."
76561198082476552,Recommended,233130,17298337,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,NathanBedfordForrest,pretty much the best new game I have played in the last 6 years ten out of ten get this game I got it on sale for $5. best 5 bucks I think I have ever spent in my life. Its amazing and the swordplay is super responsive and fun and the comedy is great. There is no other game I have played that has made me laugh as hard as this at the jokes. In short If you got the cash buy this game or just wait for the next sale. You will not regret it.
,Recommended,233130,10170990,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Kodiak-Rush,This game is amazingly good fun. The combat feels responsive and has real impact whether or not you are using the sword or a gun. I had so much fun destroying the vast hoards of demons and humans alike. The setting and story are beautiful and rich. The interaction between the two main protagonists is also really fun. Speaking of which there is a lot of comedy in this title and all of it is welcome.I would recommend this hands down no questions asked. If this is where Flying Wild Hog is going I can’t wait to see their future projects.Have fun ^_^
,Recommended,233130,8631497,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Motoro Zeppeli,"What can i say? after 7 hours of recorded gameplay i can tell that this is a good game (i'm sure i'm nowhere near the end yet at this point). Knowing this was going to be developed by a company like Flying Wild Hog, i had high hopes. Didn't pick it up at release, but boy does it deserve the full price tag. Shadow Warrior is probably the most enjoyable single player FPS i've played in a long time (Bulletstorm coming close enough). I was a huge fan of the original Shadow Warrior from 1997, so playing this one felt like home sweet home.It has the classic humour and the swordsplay is a pleasent surprise and loads of fun (compared to the basic swordsplay back in the day). All the upgrades seem interesting too and add a lot to the game to keep it interesting. Combat with the weapons is fun, but i always find myself going back to the katana easily. The Soundtrack gives the game a great athmosphere and keeps giving great amount of goosebumps during the battles, making them seem epic every time you get in trouble with the demons, great work in that aspect as well.All in all, i recommend this to anybody who likes/liked Bulletstorm, Serious Sam series and the like, or even for old timers who grew up with the original SW, Quake, Blood, Duke Nukem and so forth. Pure mindless FPS fun that keeps you smiling and laughing all around. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,233130,8694058,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,MamiyaOtaru,"This reimagining strikes a nice balance with its main Character Lo Wang.  He's toned down a bit from the original, but not too much.The gameplay is generally great fun.  The environment is full of things that go boom (ala Hard Reset).  The level design is fine; it is generally easy enough to figure out where to go while still leaving one plenty of room to explore.  There were two locations where I gave up and checked a walkthrough to find some button / elevator whose small glow I had overlooked for a while.There is an over-reliance on monster closets, but destroying wave after wave of enemies is saved from being a chore by the absolute glee of carving through them with a variety of interesting weapons (foremost being the katana).  Occasional greater enemies provide more of a challenge and force one to juggle weapons abilities and powers.  The boss fights are also reminiscent of Hard Reset, and didn't end up being too frustrating.I'd love to see a Duke Nukem reboot from these guys, something more modest and just plain shooty than DNF.  Shadow Warrior was my favorite game of 2013 (of those I played of course, but to be recommended regardless)"
,Recommended,233130,8027193,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Bit Bandit ツ,"Shadow Warrior 2013 is a reboot of the 1997 classic by 3-D Realms developed by Flying Wild Hog and published by Devolver Digital. The game has you take the role of Lo Wang, a sarcastic and awesome protagonist who is told by the head of Zilla Industries to retrieve an ancient sword that goes by the name ""Nobitsura Kage"" which is a weapon that is said to have connections with ancient Gods and possess power unlike anything mankind has ever seen. Along the way Lo Wang will meet a spirit known as ""Hoji"", who helps Wang on his quest to retrieve the Nobitsura Kage.The gameplay is a mix between an old school first person shooter and a Hack-and-slash, the game starts you off with a Katana as your first weapon which is probably the best weapon in the game, with it you can slice enemie's limbs off, perform moves such as a 360 spin, power attacks and even press reload to clean your Katana from blood, which I gotta say is a pretty cool touch. As you progress in the game's 14 hour single player campaign you will gain upgrades for your katana, one being the ability to drain health from an enemy,Wang can also perform moves with the power of KI, moves include shockwaves, healing, levitation, push, etc. These moves are essential if you want to beat the game on it's higher difficulties.Along the way you will pick up a vast array of weapons ranging from Revolvers and SMGS, to the more heavy stuff like flame throwers and a rocket launcher at some stage. You can even use a demon's head to unleash a powerful beam which totally destroys enemies and even a demon's heart to instant kill a smaller demon. Some of these weapons may seem weak at first but stick with it and you will find them extremely useful in situtations. Each weapon also has their own description on it's original use, who manufactured it, and it's history which is quite an awesome touch. Each weapon has their own upgrades in the menu which can be bought using money found in the games 18 chapters (Including the prologue), upgrades can range from more damage, a bigger clip size, explosive ammunition, and akimbo for the SMGS.Speaking of upgrades, Lo Wang himself can be upgraded with more moves, health, KI, stamina, endurace, etc. These upgrades can be bought using Ki Crystals found within the chapters and earning KARMA, which is this game's equivalent to experience points. Then finally you have the games boss fights, which are all giant monsters whose weakpoint is the crystal behind their armour, these fights are definatly fun, but begin to grow repetitive, but are made a bit more interesting with new attack patterns and the upgrades you obtain on the way. Speaking of enemies, there is a large variety of enemies ranging from shield enemies, explosive enemies, winged enemies, golem enemies, shamen enemies and many more off the top of my head and each enemy provides a fair and balanced challenge to the player. This game is by no means an easy game, I had myself dying at certain points which made me angry, but enough to make me continue.Each Chapter is filled to the brim with med kits, ammo, money, fortune cookies, secrets, Karma pools, KI crystals, easter eggs which all make exploration a key factor in Shadow Warrior.The graphics in this game makes this one of the most beautiful games I've ever played with stunning vistas, crisp textures, lighting, models and animation. I could sit here for days saying how beatiful this game is.The sound design is also excellent, with well done voice acting, ambiant sounds, gun sounds, katana sounds and a superb soundtrack which help set the atmosphere.Lastly, Lo wang himself is an excellent character who let's out witty and sarcastic dialouge which makes the character in my opinion very loveable and full of personality, my favourite line from him was ""Where did you demons learn Kung-Fu? Kung-Fu r us?"" which had me cracking up.  Hoji is probably my favourite character, he also let's out witty and sarcastic dialouge and creates hilarious banter between him and Lo wang, such as the moment when they chat about Eye of the Tiger which made me laugh pretty damn hard.Shadow Warrior is no means a short game, each level can take from 25 minutes upwards to an hour and a half which resulted in a 14 hour single player, even longer if you want to find all the secrets and get perfect scores. After you beat the game you unlock Heroic and EX mode, EX is basically new game+ and Heroic has you beat each level with only 1 checkpoint at the start of each level that is apparently harder than Insane (The hardest difficulty).RECENTLY ADDED: Also, when you're done with the campiagn there is also a survival mode where you fight waves upon waves of enemies while buying upgrades along the way while trying to get on top of the leaderboards, this mode is definatly not one to be missed.After beating Shadow Warrior, I then took a big drink of water, then started the game all over again on Heroic I did this because Shadow Warrior 2013 is to me is a near-perfect game, and I can happily say that Shadow Warrior 2013 is by far one of my favourite games of all time, which ended on an unforgettable ending.Flying Wild Hog, I salute you, because this game, is bloody brilliant.10/10"
,Recommended,233130,9284302,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Sie nannten ihn Knödel,"+ Lenghty story+ fun gameplay/weapons+ upgrade system+ fun one liners+ replay value+- servicable story+- comic strip cutcenes- nothing to do with the original, Lo Wang lost personality- no enemy/boss varietyMust have for genre fansRecommended price point: 15 $ or belowPlayed on normalOverall 4/5"
76561197990339355,Recommended,233130,8450835,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,panda,Simply the best single player FPS ever. Highly skill based and fun gameplay that doesn't hold your hand like every other modern FPS released today. Full of hilarious one liners and easter eggs/secrets everywhere.
,Recommended,233130,7294110,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,4thSurvivor,"Good length story campaign, great voice acting, and gratuitous violence. Shadow Warrior 2013 is a well-made throwback to the old school style of FPS. No cover mechanics,no sneaking through levels; just you, your weapons, your Lo Wang, and tons of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off demons throwing themselves at you combined with fast-paced swordplay (which is EXTREMELY satisfying) and gunplay.Owners of Saints Row IV can enjoy going through the game wielding the almighty Penetrator♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bat,Pick it up on sale or not, and master your Wang like a fisherman masters bait.YOU GOT THE TOUCHYOU GOT THE POWER"
,Recommended,233130,8980733,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Oblivion2500,"One of the best games I have ever played. Period.Concept:Play as a badass warrior that kills demons. Awesome story. Awesome Characters. Fun Bosses.Graphics:One of the best looking games to date! It even has 3D for anyone who has a 3D hdtv.Sound:Sounds is perfect, the soundtrack is awesome. The music is very peaceful sometimes. It can also be hardcore for when you are fighting a lot of enemies.Playability:Everything in the game is fun; it got puzzles, shooting, and sword fighting!Entertainment:Again as I said, the game has an awesome story and awesome cut scenes. I love everything about this game.Replay Value:Very HighRating:10/10!"
,Recommended,233130,12246686,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,crash andycoot,"One of my favourite first-person shooters, Shadow Warrior is a reboot/remake of the classic Build Engine game, Shadow Warrior. While the original is perhaps best known for distastefully racist humour and annoying sword combat, this fresh take by veteran developers Flying Wild Hog (made of People Can Fly ex-pats, of Painkiller fame) is made distinct by large combat areas and refreshingly good sword combat.It's an arcade shooter through and through, with audacious weapons, ridiculous enemies, and too many explosions. It combines with really satisfying slice-'em-up mechanics and a sense of weight and urgency not found in lighter ""retro"" shooters like Rise of the Triad, a distinctly stupid plot that lends the game a purpose (and a sense of humour) beyond dispatching wave after wave of slobbering ghouls, and fantastic graphics backed up by a gorgeous art direction. It's a ""best of both worlds"" scenario, with the impact and fidelity of modern shooters, backed up by the cornball antics of days gone by. I think it's exactly how Shadow Warrior deserved to be reincarnated - staying true to its ""old-school"" roots, while knowing exactly what to jettison to make this take on the title unique, instead of merely faithful."
,Recommended,233130,14447664,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Super Obama Jesus,It takes me back to the glory days when you could buy meth and not get yelled at for being cool. 10/10 would bang again
,Recommended,233130,16972061,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,weird wizard,"Tried to shoot a bunny, bunny turned into a demon and ate my soul. 11/10"
76561198065623180,Recommended,233130,16750019,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Lucid,Your name is Lo Wang and you go BANG BANG! From swordplay to dual wielding submachine guns. You'll be tasked to hunt down a missing sword and cut down and Oni that gets in your way.Music 10/10Graphics 9/10Gameplay 9.4/10Easter eggs!! 10/10Mr. Two Million Dollars
76561198160372137,Recommended,233130,17248383,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Gurtisqaz,saw bunnies having emotional sex.interupted them and one turned into a devil and started attacking me.10/10 best gameplay ever
,Recommended,233130,13524300,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Pirrad,butter slicer simulator 9.5/10I TOTS RECOMMEND THIS GAYME
,Recommended,233130,10036535,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,That Greek Guy,"Such a good game. Amazing visuals, sounds game play and story with awesome weapons and powers."
76561198080152550,Recommended,233130,12807967,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,ＮＥＴＳＣＡＰＥ,- One of the best remakes I've ever played.- Better sword combat than Chivalry.- Asian theme = AWESOME- Lo Wang in the hizzy- Lots of weapon and skill upgrades (sword remains a powerfull weapon through ENTIRE game!)It's too bad there is multiplayer or co-op on survival mode!
,Recommended,233130,12854549,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,croutons5,"A ridiculously fun first-person shooter with swordplay, humorous one-liners, satisfying gameplay and combat and swordplay. The fall damage system is pretty weird though, half the time I'd sprint downstairs from a staircase and instantly die when I'm 1 meter off the ground. Also, finding fortune cookies is fun.You're the best. Around."
,Recommended,233130,20818783,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,cl@w_STYLƎ,It's never been wrong to play with your Wang.
,Recommended,233130,26404095,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Anunnaki,"What to say, it's funny badass sword(and alot cool weapon) kill ugly demons from shadow realm game.I purchased a game on sale for 2.49€Pros :Funny badass sword kill ugly demons from shadow realmCons: Bosses can be boring as hellAs someone said its lilke a doom just with sword and badass weapons :DJust Buy it on sale its amazingAlmost forget :  I liked the story alot :P ."
,Recommended,233130,27202392,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ebit,"It has a car with brand name ""Titsubishi"". That alone gives it 10/10."
,Recommended,233130,29246219,Posted: 14 January,all,Jar Lord,"Pretty awesome shootem up game, even better fruit ninja simulator with demons instead of fruit.Has a good skill tree system as well as power ups and upgrades for your weapon.The upgrade in gameplay/graphics etc from the original Shadow Warrior makes this quite the successor with an amazing story to bode.Can't think of any cons, biggest pro is the way the sword handles slashing through enemies/objects etc. Very realistic style and very fun indeedNow that's out of the way, who wants some Wang?"
76561198039374546,Recommended,233130,13544628,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,DJ Raptor,YOU NO MESS WITH LO WANG!
,Recommended,233130,10957227,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Blatherbeard,"Its great for what it is--hack and slash, blood and guts, childish humor fps game.Great fun, more weapons than i expected to find. Absolutely love slashing through enemies with the katana. The skills are a little flat but i like the weapon upgrades, how the skills are executed(gameplay wise), and the campy tone of the game.40 bucks? No, but on steam sale? absolutely, which is what i did.ive got 70  hrs into it and having great fun."
,Recommended,233130,12926184,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Redo,"Back in the 90s I was more of a PC kid than a console kid, so that meant I had a lot of experience with the PC’s premier genre: shooters. Duke Nukem 3D, Dark Forces, Quake, Wolfenstein, Doom (of course) and even Blood were a few of the FPS classics I grew up on. Strangely enough, though, I never got around to playing the original Shadow Warrior, a 3D Realms-developed pastiche of Hong Kong exploitation martial arts flicks from the 70s and 80s. The game was full of heavy weapons, gratuitous violence and over-the-top monsters; check, check and check for shooters of that era. However the game’s rather embarrassing Asian stereotypes allowed for some unusual enemy and weapon design, particularly in that it was one of the few FPS games that let you wield a sword.I’m sorry to say that’s the extent of my knowledge of Shadow Warrior, which meant I was going into the remake more or less fresh. I may have been new to Shadow Warrior, but I was at least familiar with the developer. Flying Wild Hog, the Warsaw, Poland-based studio tasked with remaking Shadow Warrior, broke onto the scene in 2011 with their stunningly beautiful (and difficult!) retro-FPS, Hard Reset. I really enjoyed Hard Reset—the developers managed to mix brutal, fast-paced gameplay with some of the most gorgeous cyberpunk visuals I’ve ever seen in a videogame, and all at a rock-solid framerate. If anyone was up to the task of remaking an old school classic like Shadow Warrior, it was Flying Wild Hog. It’s also great that Devolver Digital is publishing, as they’ve shown that they know and love the retro action genre.The re-imagined game is still a retro-style shooter and still stars the smarmily-named protagonist Lo Wang, but the story has been completely updated, and the borderline racist Asian stereotyping has been toned down quite a bit. Lo Wang is still a Chinese-Japanese born mercenary in the hire of the egotistical billionaire Zilla, but the story is a bit more complex than the revenge plot of the original game. Zilla tasks Lo Wang with retrieving the Nobitsura Kage, a legendary demon-infused katana, but Lo Wang quickly discovers his mission has a lot more going on. The Kage is linked to a demonic invasion that Lo lands right in the middle of. Lo must team up with a snarky, amnesiac demon named Hoji in order to battle the encroaching demon hordes, get hold of the three pieces of the Kage and find out just what Zilla wants with the sword.Lo Wang might still be essentially a walking♥♥♥♥♥♥joke, but Flying Wild Hog smartly plays the name for ironic laughs throughout the game, instead of just making it a tired, one-note gag. Lo is still a badass but he’s also kind of an otaku shut-in too; he’s obsessed with 80s action flicks and videogames (Lo has arcade cabinets of Devolver’s other properties, including Serious Sam and Hotline Miami) and even has a massive underground lair dubbed “the Wangcave.” Lo comments that he stocked his lair to prepare for the zombie apocalypse, but a demon apocalypse will have to suffice. Hoji snarkily remarks that out of all the badass warriors in Japan, he had to get stuck with the nerd.The interplay between Lo and Hoji was one of my favorite parts of the story. The writing is really good here, and while the plot delves into some pretty heavy mythology, Hoji grounds the whole story by taking a sarcastic, cavalier attitude to the ancient struggle between gods and warriors that he and Lo get caught up in. The cutscenes are told in gorgeous moving woodblock paintings, resplendent with some very cool graphical effects, similar to Hard Reset’s rough, sketchy comic panel cinematics but with their own distinct Asian style. That said, like Hard Reset the larger story can be a little hard to follow at times.The themes at play here are quite refreshing. After dozens of shooters populated by zombies, terrorists, and even Western depictions of demons (usually sourced from the Bible) it was great to see enemies inspired by Eastern mythology. I’m no expert in Shinto or Taoist legends, but I got the sense that the game borrows its demons from both Japanese and Chinese myth, mirroring Lo Wang’s mixed ancestry. This means you get to fight some very cool demons—minions wearing masks or carrying poison sake barrels on their backs, old hags wielding katanas, deranged Samurai-like monsters with ornate shields, and giant, mystical shamans that spawn endless waves of skeleton warriors. Each enemy has the ability to become enraged as well, transforming into creatures that are even fiercer and more grotesque.Of course with such a healthy roster of monsters just itching to get slashed to pieces, blasted apart and thoroughly ventilated by 9mm slugs, Lo Wang better have an arsenal that is varied and fun to use. This is where Flying Wild Hog excels—Hard Reset had essentially two guns that had multiple modes and attachments—and the developers bring that experience to Shadow Warrior, full bore. Lo’s conventional tools of the trade include a revolver, SMG, crossbow, shotgun, flamethrower and rocket launcher. Pretty basic stuff for an FPS, but the developers included an upgrade tree very similar to the one in Hard Reset.Once you have collected enough cash you can give the shotgun four barrels instead of just two, and enable the ability to fire all four at the same time. The crossbow can be upgraded with remotely detonated explosive-tipped bolts. Just like in the original game, Lo can dual-wield SMGs and attach a laser sight for accurate shooting. Napalm bombs for the flamethrower, wide blast radius “Nuke Dukem” rockets, and a cowboy-style fanable hammer for the revolver are a few of the other goodies you can bolt onto your guns. In the best of FPS traditions, Shadow Warrior encourages you to swap between weapons during a battle.The upgrade system isn’t limited to the guns, though. With the help of Hoji, Lo can develop several powers and skills by gaining XP (chi points) and collecting rare ki crystals. With the right skill unlocks you can levitate whole groups of enemies into the air, recover health mid-battle, increase your critical hit chance, go into a damage-boosted desperation frenzy when you’re close to death, and even increase your spatial awareness so that you find more money and ammo. This makes for a frenetic, rich combat style far beyond anything else I’ve seen in a recent shooter. That said, it’s the Nobitsura Kage—the sword—that really makes Shadow Warrior stand out.Ironically, having a sword play a central role in the arsenal set Shadow Warrior apart back in 1997 and it does so again in 2013. Sadly few FPS games even try to approximate swordplay, probably because it’s damn hard to do. I still consider Red Steel 2 on the Wii to be the best swordfighting game ever made, mostly because its smart use of motion controls actually made me feel just a little bit like I was learning the katas of some obscure, wild west martial art. The new Shadow Warrior comes in at a close second. I’m as surprised as anyone, but Flying Wild Hog has taken that same “muscle memory” feeling of learning a fighting art and imparted it to a keyboard and mouse.Using the arrow keys, you can slash the katana in different directions. Pretty simple stuff, but a big difference from games that just lets you spam random melee attacks and call it a day. Once you start upgrading the sword with magical powers, combat becomes a lot more fun. By double-tapping different directional keys and clicking the mouse, Lo can eventually perform several suitably badass moves. These include a circular crowd-clearing move that’s great for mutilating a mob of smaller enemies, a backwards swipe that launches a slicing disc of energy from the sword, and a quick thrusting stab that saps enemy health and replenishes your own. I really wish you could use the katana during the massive, Metroid Prime-esque boss encounters.Rating: 9/10 Excellent"
,Recommended,233130,13584125,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Sandman,"#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorDo you feel lucky, chump?I mean punk, damn I always ♥♥♥♥ that up.Still Laughing."
,Recommended,233130,29836747,Posted: 10 February,all,isopropophlex,"An unabashed, old-skool, hideously violent, borderline racist shooter; this is one hell of a tough game to review.There's tremendous fun to be had using different weapons and abilities (you'll learn some ninja magic too), but there's also frustration built into the game -- namely the mortal-kombat-esque spell-casting on the D-Pad for joypad users, and the boundaries of every level -- you want to explore, but there's not as much to explore as you think.That said, there are plenty easter eggs (about half of them are strictly adult humour), fast-moving action sequences, and a lot of 'almost too inapropriate' asian-based jokes in amongst the bloodshed.Playing the game as it is -- a series of beautiful gauntlets -- it's excellent fun, and mostly fulfils the promises made in the trailer, but take that 20% pinch of salt as you see fit. In the end, finding original parts of levels rendered as the original game, wiitnessing hidden hentai showering, and brutally using and abusing the body parts of your vanquished enemies is a great romp."
,Recommended,233130,15734996,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,spaceman21,"A very interesting reboot of the original 1997 ms-dos game. Your in for lots of dark humor (hilarious at times), a great sroundtrack, lots of gore and breathtaking level design which is where this game shines the most. The look and sound of the levels really is well made, accompanied by the great soundtrack of course.The story is the most interesting part of this game, although filled with ridiculous jokes I didnt expect much from it and it even drops off a few levels in and turns rather dull, leaving you with only the level design and slicing up countless demons to enjoy yourself but it gets better near the end and left me quite impressed with how well written it was.+ beautiful levels+ great soundtrack+ humor+ fun gameplay+ well written story & ending- story is dull near the start/middle of the game- gameplay gets repetetive before you unlock new powers/weapons- healing is OP- still has a few bugsVERDICT:Worth buying, I wasn't expecting much and was left very impressed by the end of it :)"
,Recommended,233130,15266220,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,albertrayon,"Shadow Warrior is an FPS reboot of the classic game of the same name. You play as Lo Wang, a sword and gun wielding one-liner machine on a mission to save the world from demons.What sets apart Shadow Warrior from the multitude of other FPS games is the swordplay. While the gunplay is not the most exciting you will see in the genre, with the guns not feeling powerful enough, the swords are really second to none. There are many special moves, each with their own uses, and there is a great sense of satisfaction to be felt as you see limbs and heads fly off your enemies. The best approach is probably to mix up the two weapons, but the more fun approach may be swords only.The graphics are ok if not spectacular for their time. There was recently a new graphics overhaul released for free, but I did not notice much of a difference. Maybe this is due to the graphics being a little forgettable in the first place.The story and writing is ridiculous and par for the course for 90's FPS games. Save the world while killing hordes and hordes of bullet sponge enemies. How Lo Wang finds time to think of his witty remarks during his genocidal spree, I may never know.The issue I found with Shadow Warrior is that it all starts feeling a little samey after a few levels. I kind of lost my will to continue shooting and chopping up demons after about 4 hours. I wouldn't say that makes the game a failure, just that I got my fill before it was over. The story is definitely secondary to the gameplay, which I enjoyed, but I really had no wish to see the game the whole way through. Overall I felt like I got my money's worth out of the game, but I got it on sale. Would I be happy if I paid $40, probably not. I couldn't recommend it at that price. But is it worth a play if you find it on sale? Absolutely.Grade: B"
,Recommended,233130,16282972,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,CitizenX3639,"Playing at Atomic speed, fully adreanlized and highly caffenated Shadow Warrior never slows down. A mix of old school and modern tech ingrediants Flying Wild Hog knows guns and action and prove it again with their second FPS game.In Shadow Warrior you play as Lo Wang who while on a mission to retrieve a sacred sword to destroy demons from another dimension(totally cliche) you totally get blindsided into the real story of a family tradgedy. Its actually pretty good and the ending is very bittersweet. But if you didnt come to the game for story thats ok, cutscense can be skipped at the tap of a button and the story is told in less than 5 minutes i would guess but totally worth paying attention.The gameplay is very simple, enter an area kill everything. There is no cover and no mercy. Even after mini boss fights enemies will continue to keep coming. There is a semi generous save system in place and you can heal yourself at anytime but trust me there will be times when you question both.You will be given your basic FPS arsenal from guns, crossbow, flamthowers and rocket launchers that are all upgradeable as well as some mystical powers and perks to choose. All the weopns and powers are useful and i never found myself sticking to one or another. Constantly cycling through weapons and powers during each battle is recommeded as each encounter is graded. The more variety the more experience you earn towards a perk upgrade.Shawdow Warrior is a good looking game(2013) though most of it comes from the enviorments, and weapons. Most enemies are not that memorable and human charcters are minimal in the game and are very basic looking. A game can be strengthened by graphics and while this doesnt raise the bar it will never diminsh the actual game with age.One of the weakest parts of the game is enemy variety. This is a long game 20+ hrs and i can name every enemy i hate i one hand. More variety would be welcome but the horde packages, enviroments and your constant upgrades helped differentiate each encounter.I also have to mention the huomor that is constantly up front and had me laughin out loud. Also, each level there is numerous secrets to be found which in itself is a game.Overall Shadow Warrior is an awesome game, maybe a bit long, a little weak with enemy variety and the last encouter and boss can be marathons but well worth getting your Wang on. A must buy for fans of horde levels, Doom, Wolfenstein, FPS type games.PositivesTotal Bang for your BuckGreat setting, enviorments, musicGood storyWeapons, powers, skill tressNon Stop ActionHumor, voice actingNegativesEnemy varietySometimes hard to figure which way to goOne trick ponyMarathon Boss at the endA little long"
76561197970153763,Recommended,233130,15514016,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,unkind,"Incredible game. One of my favorite FPS games of all time easily. Especially after the 1.5 patch.Pros:* Heavily optimized (runs 200+ fps most of the time maxed out)* Graphics* Satisfying combat (like bullet storm but more interesting)* Great enemy design* Great sound* Really good story (surprising, but it gets really cool towards the end)* Some replay value simply because its so funCons:* Could use a few more enemy types* Couple bosses have obnoxious mechanics* Beware of stairs9/10 (+1/-1)"
,Recommended,233130,16440449,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Marisa,"One of those times when a reboot does not just a decent job, but more like an AWESOME job at polishing an old gem. Action, comedy and rabbits humping; it's all more than enough for me to give it a thumbs up.For an in-house engine from rather young developers, it's impressive how good the Linux porting job was (heck, it performs better than it did on Windows for me). There's just the lil' quirk of mirrors not working, but I'm sure that'll get fixed eventually, since it kinda ♥♥♥♥s up the mood of a certain cutscene."
,Recommended,233130,2914607,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Ductos,"The best and most fun to use melee weapon in any First Person game to date - that's pretty much everything you need to know. Combine that with fantastic music, decent voice acting, genuinly funny dialogue and dozens upon dozens of secrets and you have one hell of a great game! Never had so much fun with a new game this year!"
,Recommended,233130,7687949,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,cheshire.panther,"You may wonder if this game is good and the answer is YES. Remember playing DNF and wishing they would just copy the game formula and make a great game instead of making yet another abysmal monster with QTE, regen, weapon limit and idiotic vehicle levels.Well, this game did remake job RIGHT.If you loved those golden age of FPS games powered by the BUILD engine (ROTT, Redneck Rampage, DN3D, Powerslave, etc etc), you will really really enjoy the SW.A few things I love the most:* Almost everything can be destroyed / exploded.* Three different upgrade systems (weapon upgrades, skill tree, separate ability tree with separate resource pool)* ♥♥♥♥ING KATANA* Classic free-to-explore level layouts with tons of secret places. (I wish I had that BUILD-style map overlay)* Classic weapon set (Pistol, SMG, shotgun, boomsticks, etc) - no modern two weapon slots ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.* Healthkits, no regen. (Well, technically there is regen, but it is tied to the skill system)tl;dr - classical FPS with a remastered graphic that will make you cry in joy."
,Recommended,233130,8795580,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Rottin,"I didn't honestly thought that I will like new Shadow Warrior that much. Bought it on sale and haven't got very high expectations about it.But...This game is awesome. It brings back the spirit of original, and put it in current graphics and game mechanics. And it's doing fantastic job. From very beggining to credits we are being taken to pure 90's awesomeness, where games meant to only entertain by giving effective ways to kill hordes of enemies, and feel badass about it.Lo Wang is younger than in original, but have much more to say, and his new companion, Hoji almost steal the stage. I laughed alot during cutscenes and while listening to their arguments. Plot is simple but it's ok.Stages are great in the first 1/3 of the game, beautiful, entertaining and unique. Second 1/3 are industrial complexes, which I don't like, because they all look the same, sadly. At the end there are again great maps, oriental, rich in details.Enemies are well desinged, but,  not variety of them is questionable. Frustrating are ones with shields beacuse you have to soften them up alot before they go down. It reaches the point of absurd when it comes to fights with Berserkers, baceuse you have to act like a torreador during this sections, and put alot of bullets in they back, its really boring.Aside from that cutting and ripping rest of the enemies is great. Weapons, and skills of Lo Wang give many way to kill demons. But katana is the best. It's remarkable how sword fights in this arcade-like fps are enjoyable.Game offers many secrets, and skills to unlock, and that gives players reason to try again for something more than just earning achievements.Overall this game is a must if you love old school fps. It's bringing it to it's full glory, like Serious Sam and Painkiller did few years back. Don't sleep on it!"
76561197999313144,Recommended,233130,8663331,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Alabama Legsweep,"Shadow Warrior is an excellent classic arcade-style shooter. There aren't too many around these days, and Shadow Warrior stands head and shoulders above most.The good:-The swordplay: Definitely the strong point of the game. Incredible in both visuals and execution. While chopping my way through hordes of demons, I often neglected the rest of the arsenal, simply because it was just so much more satisfying to use the katana. You'd be hard pressed to find a game with better (or at least more spectacular) melee combat.-The writing and dialogue: A very nice mix between the serious and the silly, with neither side becoming too tedious or too repetitive. Lo Wang's quips are reminiscent of 80's B-movies in both style and delivery. If you enjoyed Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon, you will love this! As for the story, it's surprisingly good for a first person shooter; my expectations were exceeded greatly. The voice acting should also not go unmentioned; Hoji's and Lo Wang's voice actors maintain superb delivery throughout.-The upgrade system: Simple and integrates with the fast paced combat very well. No skill trees, no minmaxing; just whatever makes you faster and deadlier (or adds more barrels to your gun). The non-sword based powers were also a nice touch, offering just a little extra depth to the combat.While I wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone in search for a fresh take on the FPS genre, I'd be lying if I said it was all good. Some weak points:-The boss fights: Complely underwhelming, and not anything like the rest of the game (Deus Ex: HR, anyone?). Every single boss fight is your bog standard shoot-the-big-dude-in-the-massive-glowing-spot battle. There are 4 boss battles throughout, and all are nearly identical. The only saving grace is that they are of almost zero challenge, so you won't suffer for long.-The variety of enemies: However spectacular the combat may be, your targets will be the standard demon most of the time.     Throughout the game, you'll find two more types of the demon, and two bigger, miniboss-esque creatures: the Necromancer and the Warlord. Other than these, there's the odd troop of human gangsters, but overall, there's little difference in the standard enemy units.To sum up, Shadow Warrior is not without some flaws, but for anyone wishing to try something slightly different, it's an excellent experience. If you're interested in the time taken to complete, it took me 12 hours on normal, so it's definitely longer than most games these days. There's an NG+ for completionists, too."
,Recommended,233130,19947440,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Crowbar-Man Saiyajin,Classic FPS bring back my childhood memories.....not like fps nowadays
76561197997654440,Recommended,233130,11009562,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Buttman,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, everything feels AND LOOKS good ! The graphics are awesome, the gameplay is awesome ! Katana fights are great and fast, and you can change MANY settings about it ( you can make it look like Classic Shadow Warrior, or you can have the advanced commands, where you actually select the direction of your swing by moving the camera after clicking, it doesn't sound easy to do but it's just a matter of time until you get the hang of it, and it's badass ;3 ). You won't get bored in this game, there's always something happening ( unless you clean an area and decide to stay there. XD ) there are many enemies, and many SECRETS ! Some of those are even really hard to find, just like the old times xD It's a bit more linear than what it used to be, but the maps are still damn large and detailed, and that's awesome ! It's a MUST-HAVE !I rate this game Badass/20"
,Recommended,233130,22977506,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Haunted Evangelion VHS,"Cutting up badguys with my mighty Wang. My Friday night thing.Game is dope as hell and you should get it.5,325,163 / 5,325,163 oni demon bits."
,Recommended,233130,23751307,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Zidex,Good game. Fast paced. A ♥♥♥♥ing katana. Awesome humor. Definitely would recommend.
,Recommended,233130,16573962,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Archiepiscopus Flabrus,"A bit of a throwback to old-school beat-em-up games.  Only you can beat or shoot, and its full of demons.Lots of jokes, puns, goofy moments.  Lighthearted and exceptionally violent.  Lots of fun."
,Recommended,233130,8618034,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,NuclearHero,"This is an awsome game.It has gorgeous graphics, fast paced gameplay, a huge amount of skills, abilities and weapon upgrades (if you consider that this is an FPS) but most of all the developers recreated the feeling of the original Shadow Warrior, which is a priceless feature! Sword fighting is simple but extremely funny and at the end of almost every fight Lo Wang will comment with ad hilarious joke, and when you grow tired of swinging the katana you can always bring death with dual wielding uzi or a four-barreled shotgun.Finally the game has a very good longevity (it took 25 hours in high difficulty to complete) and a nice plot, which may seem superficial at the beginning but becomes quite intriguing as you proceed and almost epic in the end, with some high quality comic style cinematics.And now, who wants some Wang??"
,Recommended,233130,8793704,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Mr Schkapman,"I am really enjoying this. It is what Duke Nukem Forever could have been. It is a throwback to a different time, but so far it has never felt ""forced"". The (admittedly lame) jokes fit the tone of the game and feel natural coming from Lo Wang (who goes bang bang).If you like hectic combat with a couple of cool gimmicks. Go for it!Also, the Katana is fun taken to 11!"
,Recommended,233130,13144108,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Blak™,"This game is awesome! It has the jokes of Serious Sam, the story and feel of Serious Sam and Painkiller, and the look and feel of Sleeping Dogs. Highly recommend it! My Score: 9/10"
76561198296592515,Recommended,233130,32001348,Posted: 27 May,all,DEATH DESIGNER,its almost like doom if your a doom fan this is the game for you.game is well optimized no problems found by me.killing demmons just like in doom you can upgrade your wepons and abilities fight with a sword  or guns your choice buy ammo or pick it up use demmon hearts to blow them up ..blood and guts just like doom.nice story line between long and short .graphics are awsome you dont need a big rig to run this game which is also awsome that means more people can buy this game .i do recommend this awsome cool but not hot like lawa to anyone.
76561198031386640,Recommended,233130,27557509,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sonicslayer,"My Name is Lo Wang.I go Bang Bang.Kill the bunny for fun times.See Monty Pyton and the Holy Grail for reference.worth the $5 I got it for, don't buy it at full price though."
,Recommended,233130,16827309,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,gnedby customer,"Shadow Warrior is one of the best reboots ever made - the original character wasn't remade to oblivion, the game actually has a story now and the gameplay is still very fun and great. There are some cons though, like the annoying charger enemies, the way the exploding enemies are sometimes used and the upgrade system, which is not bad on its own, but has a rather weak implementation with most of the upgrades being annoying numbers numbers numbers, like it's an RPG, while there's only around five upgrades that actually give you new moves and abilities. The weapon upgrade system is alright though.So, in the end, it's a really good game which has a few shortcomings that don't make you dislike the game. Combine that with the fact that this game is dirt cheap on sales and you get a question - why haven't you played it yet?"
,Recommended,233130,7959035,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Gema,"Good character development system, gore, oldschool action. A worthy successor to the original title!"
76561198072824585,Recommended,233130,13640079,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,andry18,"I wasn't expecting this title to be so amazing. Shadow Warrior is a retro-style shooter, a reboot of the 1997's title, which brings a brilliant sword fighting combat, a good level design and an unexpectedly deep story."
,Recommended,233130,11679124,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Best House in Calpheon,10/10 Would mindlessly left click to relinquish my repressed teen angst again.
,Recommended,233130,10019787,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,I am ppppppppppppppppppppppppppp,"Kay so it's been over a year and i still play this game.... slashing demons is just so fun 10/10I love how attacking demons/people at certian spots with your sword can be more/less effective.The moves are cool, especially the power that throws the blade out. Going for legs seems good at killing demons who block too much and head is always a good spot if you can get it.The guns have cool upgrades, I think my favorite is the crossbow's explosive tips, you can set up (3?) bolts at once and blow them up remotely.The storyline is inbetween meh and good.Remembering the combos are actually really simpleW, A, S or D two times + right or left mouse clickThe only complaints I have are:-There are a few points where you need to deal with this thing only able to be shot in the back, that was annoying.-The game encourages you to hide at low HP and heal, I like what Doom(2016) did where it gives a lot of health if you charge forward and risk dying.-The level layout is bad in the latest parts of the game, the level that forces you to use the mask thing is the one I'd complain about, you can't tell where to go and there's no waypoint or map to tell you where to go, if you end up quitting and playing the next day, it is very confusing.Shadow Warrior 2 turned into a hybrid game that is more dungeon crawler than FPS. I'd not reccomend it if you're looking for a hard or challenging game."
,Recommended,233130,16422686,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Nihilio,"Best first person slasher ever, also has uberkewl guns.Slash and dash hordes of demon, blow them up, burn them to a crisp or stick them on wals in old-school-arcade-meets-modern fps.Oh, and last but not least, the game also feature a great story"
76561198024680749,Recommended,233130,26031203,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Latexi94,"If DOOM was set in feudal Japan and its main character would be Deadpool, then you'd get this game."
,Recommended,233130,7920017,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Yung Smack,"Shadow Warrior provides a gory, fast-paced casual action/adventure game that will almost have you laughing at how brtual the player's character's (Lo Wang) sword attacks are. What really makes this game fun is how easy it is to dismember sword-weilding henchmen and the many demons from the shadow realm. 9/10 Baby!"
,Recommended,233130,7968410,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Vaarkhan,"At first I was suspicious of this game, since I've never heard from its predecessor before but the game managed to almost instantly correct my opinion on it. This is a wonderful remake. The graphics are beautiful and to the point, the combat is fluid, engaging and entertaining, the story is okay (I don't expect much anymore, thank you, game industry[/sarcasm off]) and the upgrading is one of the better systems. Useful skills and spells you actually use instead of having them for funsies. Although I tend to use mainly the katana but that is personal preference, I guess. There's a lot of weapons.tl;dr This game is an amazing amalgamation of Dark Messiah, Serious Sam and Painkiller. Get it!"
,Recommended,233130,7964535,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Kritikos,"Shadow Warrior is one of the best FPS's I've played this year, and possibly more rewarding than Bioshock Infinite in many aspects, though the story is a bit silly. That being said, the hand-drawn cutscenes and resolution of the story is engaging and emotional, despite all of the♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes made about the protagonist's name: Lo Wang. He goes from being an arrogant ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to a respectable hero, and it makes for a pretty decent story. It's longer than Hard Reset and of the same caliber: outstanding and underrated, especially considering what it is. As mentioned before, the length is somewhat intimidating when one considers replaying Shadow Warrior. I'm sure I'll replay it someday soon."
76561198036061187,Recommended,233130,29279545,Posted: 15 January,all,Sir EEKS the 1st,"This game is great!! You fight bad guys, ninjas, monsters, and some other far out psychotic enemies. This story line is much better than Shadow Warrior 2. Beautifully detailed graphics with fun, smooth gameplay. You also enjoy the Protaginist Lo Wangs side comments as they are quite hilarious. Although I haven't beat this game yet, but games like this I don't want to end, so it's like drinking a very fine tea. Shadow Warrior is a game that belongs in your library, or lo-berry as Wang would put it. 9/10"
,Recommended,233130,13136601,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Fweep,wang/10 on the wangometer
76561198069242753,Recommended,233130,8681265,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,(SHD) Agent Vigilante,This game reminds me ninja gaiden and i really like it. 10/10 and 5 stars for this game
,Recommended,233130,15735523,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,«PZ» #NoSkill,I CAN KILL DEMONS WITH BASEBALL BATS  :D 1000/1000
76561198009245068,Recommended,233130,7885850,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Trucker_Kate [Scania V8],"Wow, this game is crazy in close combat with stereoscopic 3D enabled!But the game is absolutely not for children and it's very bloody.I've never tried the original old game, but I certainly like this version a lot. Looks nice with 3D Vision^^This developer also made the game Hard Reset which is rated 3D Vision Ready, which it certainly is. Looks very nice indeed."
,Recommended,233130,25836529,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,joinTee,ProsSlice and dice enemies using sword combosVery nice graphicsTons of weapons that actually have both up- and downsides (be careful with those rockets)Contains humping bunnies (and other easter eggs)Cons:Levels feel quite linear at the start (gets better later in the game)Some map areas look like being accessible but aren't (invisible walls)Enemies being trigerred by entering an area feels a bit dull at timesOverall I can recommend this game for anybody who doesn't care too much about a story but wants some serious demon slicing action.
,Recommended,233130,22499047,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,jsn,"Very good game, can't wait for the next one this year.Only thing I dislike about this game is the post processing, you can't tweak bloom, so you're forced to play with an overdose of lightning effects which doesn't affect the framerate that much, however you can get an headache if you're sensible.Hope they allow us to change that in the next Shadow Warrior."
,Recommended,233130,8611614,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Harbinjer,"This is the best FPS I have played of 2013 as it is just plain fun. The story is not very strong but the dialog between the two main characters are funny. the voice acting is good nothing special but the real meat of the game is the game play.In the game you will start with a katana but you will gain more wepons that seem fairly standard until you upgrade and you gain magical powers that will help you and you will learn more moves with you katana that will just make you feel like a true badass.In this game you will get three types of currency and all are based on how much you explore and how well you do in fights as you are rated out of 5 after each fight.The enemys are fun  to fight and are not dumb or clever but there are plently of them to shot, slice , set on fire and blow up.There is aslo a new game plus and a newly added survival mode so it has replay value is you want to go back and get those upgrades you missed or ablilitys.Over all this game is alot of fun and i would reccomend it."
,Recommended,233130,22870557,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,The Flow,Fun and intense.
,Recommended,233130,31014880,Posted: 8 April,all,Lyrion,"I bought this game with low expectations and it easily became one of the best action experiences I've ever had. The melee combat is solid and it feels great slicing off limbs left and right. The great thing about it is that even though you run into stronger enemies as you progress through the game, the sword never becomes useless. I used the sword about 90% through the game and it felt great from start to end, only switching weapons when I wanted to mix it up a little.Speaking about the other weapons, as you progress through the game you will unlock more and more weapons and each and every one of them feels really satisfying to use. Not only that, as you progress through the game you will earn money which you can use to upgrade the weapons, every weapon has at least one upgrade that completely changes how the weapon works. This made the game feeling fresh as I progressed through it and combat never felt like a chore or became boring.Story is being presented as a cheesy B movie with really corny dialogue, which is deliberate to add humor to the game which really works to its advantage. Essentially its constant action with well made gameplay mechanics, unfortunately the game does slow down at some parts where you have to find and destroy statues to unlock doors to progress. Thankfully there arent many of those around.A must buy game and I am definitely excited for the second game."
,Recommended,233130,13784948,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,zasha_m,"Really, really worth it. Way better than expected for a late followup.If not already done yet(huh?), i would suggest to play the first one(also on Steam) before to understand most eastereggs and general jokes.Also: Finally a really good Katana-slice-what-you-want game. Just awesome."
,Recommended,233130,22871635,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Friedrich BeÀndthelm III.,"I bought this Game on Sale for 3 Bucks.And what can I say, I expected a few hours of good hack and Slash fun.And I got a LOT more.The Game is very long, packs a quite interesting story and addicting Gameplay, awesome Characters, hilarious dialogue and overall an awesome Experience.Id say it was definitly worth 3 Bucks, and I probably would have payed more for it."
,Recommended,233130,13130347,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,HardcoreTony,"Undoubtedly, one of the best shooters I have played in ages. If not THE best.Of the many first person shooters I have played in the last several years, only a handful of them reach that balance, timelessness, uniqueness, and most importantly fun factor to them, that stand out amongst my memory. This game not only exceeds in each of those aspects, but it takes what makes fun about the best of the best of first person shooters and, to put it in layman's terms, makes them its ♥♥♥♥♥!The top shooters that come to mind that I've had fond memories of were Timesplitters: Future Perfect, F.E.A.R. 2, Duke Nukem, and Serious Sam. Shadow Warrior is a renaissance of those games, giving you a wide range of weapons that are vast and have that perfect amount of kick, sound, and bass to them that give the bloody slices and shots to the demons and monsters all the more awarding and incredibly satisfying feel. This game encourages you to run, gun, and slice your way through hoardes of the shadow beings, with enemies dropping health, and the upgrades and strategies needed to kick every♥♥♥♥♥needed.Sure, this game has guns, but the swordplay. My god, the swordplay. Very rarely do I play, let alone encounter a game, with such amazing and exhilarating sword combat quite like this. It's one thing for a game like Metal Gear Rising to allow you to cut what you will. But there's just something about witnessing the bloody and gory brutality and dismemberment of your unfortunate foes in such over the top fashion, that it feels as though I'm in a game directed by Quentin Tarantino. And that puts a smile on my face.The visuals are simply stunning. The game has a strong personality that is complemented by the environments, locations, and just the sheer scope and feel to the game. Whoever says this game looks okay, is obviously blind, and closeted in their own bias opinion, for this game has more life and color to it than the monochromatic, military shooter that the so called ""gamers"" only play based on graphics before gameplay. Shadow Warrior on the otherhand strikes a perfect balance between style AND substance.In terms of story, the game keeps the intrigue inline with its great one liners and humor delivered by Lo Wang, tied in with the tragic backstory that he gets wrapped up in. And it certainly left an emotional impact me, even months after finishing it. Soundtrack is also phenomenal. The thumping and rhythmic intensity of the drums complimenting amongst the instruments coupled with the ambience and sounds of the various landscapes are both endearing and indubitably atmospheric. In addition, this game is incredibly lenghty, a rarity in modern first person shooters.By now as you're reading this, you may ask yourself, do I like this game? No.I love this game.I bought this game a while ago for 75% off, but at any price it is absolutely worth it. If there was any game that's superior from its visual asthetics, to its deep and enthralling gameplay, it is Shadow Warrior.I normally don't give games a score, but in this case, I give this game a 10 on the Wang-O-Meter."
,Recommended,233130,9128002,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Gravi,"I can't have enough words to describe this game.It's one of those cases when you can't decide what to start a review with, because you are filled up with emotions. But there needs to be something, so I'll try to be informative now:+ Graphics are amazing. Every location looks stylish and has a lot of details.+ Combat feel awesome. It has the good old-school feeling to it. Whether you wield a katana to chop some meat to bloody pieces or just like to shoot baddies from far - it all will feel very intense and satisfying. I really like the presence of alternative modes for shooting weapons. It's something that I missed in shooters long time (screw you, ""Press RMB to aim""! Hail to the ""Press RMB to kick♥♥♥♥♥"").+ You have 4 magic abilities and 4 sword powers. Those are activated by tapping the movement key twice and pressing LMB or RMB (you can use magic while wielding shooting weapons too). If it doesn't work well for you, you can make timing adjusments in settings, which is nice.+ Enemies are well varied and have their own strengths and weaknesses. If you use your magic abilities too much, they will become more and more enraged and will attack more swiftly and painfully.+ The plot is surprisingly good. The dialogues are well-written and characters are likeable. There's a lot of funny lines.+ Secrets! Lots of secrets and easter eggs! Something that I've missed a lot too!+ My personal favorite - a lot of interactive, destructable, physical objects (comma before 'physical' is intentional). In latest games I literally HATED the lack of physics, most objects being static pieces of environment (even in action games! that's absurd!). In this game, however, you can let your inner redneck out and smash vases, break tables, ruin the furniture, etc. A decent room may become a total mess after a good fight... or after some fooling around. I loooooove to break stuff.There are also some downsides though, but nothing big:- Bosses are very similar in terms of fighting them. You just need to shoot the shiny parts of their armor and then destroy the uncovered crystals. Normal enemies make more challenge at some points.- A lot of using the ""This door is magically sealed! Go destroy 3 statues that are holding the seal!"" method. It gives some depth to levels and makes them more varied-less linear (because you have to go search for those statues), but to the game's end it become quite annoying.- Players with not powerful enough computers may experience sluggishness and low framerate. I've made it through the whole game on max settings and never had a problem (and my system is not a high-end one), but I saw people complaining on forums, so I think this should be stated here. But you know, people always complain. If your system is good, the game should run just fine.That's all, I guess. I adore this game. An intense, fun, sort of nostalgic experience. If you love lots of blood and gore, if you like good humor, if your eyes are used to nice graphics, if you miss the good old days when shooters were clever and challenging - this game brings it all."
,Recommended,233130,12808812,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,zuppaclub,"graphic wise, it's freaking beautiful, and it's soooooooo smoothgameplay wise, it's freaking addictive and it's fun. it have good ol katana, have skill, upgrade point, easter eggs, loot money, secret locations. wow, can't have enough of it.no wonder it have overwhelming positive reviews, I'm glad I buy itlong story short, I demand shadow warrior 2!"
,Recommended,233130,17560024,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Spartan L16,You play as Travis Bickle on a mission to find the legendary Hattori Hanzo sword while facing japanese demons from hell.Chaos ensues.
,Recommended,233130,11004905,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,JackDamian.~,Probably the best First person hack and slash game Ever existed out there <3 <3 <3 <3
,Recommended,233130,17822835,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,BarkingHorse,"Imagine if Anna Kendrick was a modern day samurai ninja assassin thief spy with a gun fetish. And also a dude. That's less important to knowing what this game feels like, but imagine a bald Kendrick with a weiner murdering the ever living demon sauce out of any and everything that runs off a rooftop or around a corner at you. Her. Him? Himher? (Shim?)I spent 90% of the game slashing and/or stabbing things to pieces, usually one head sized piece and one everything else sized piece, but the gunplay is old school cool. You have a very basic dial-a-combo for sword attacks and ye olde magic of death, destruction, and shielding. Lots of secrets to find, especially if you've been playing FPS games since dos days.Also language and straight up poor behaviour throughout.Highly encouraged that everyone who is even mildly interested give it a shot. It's great at full price, and the frequent 90% offs make it a must try.Go, as soon as possible, and enjoy being Miss Mr Anna Kendrick: Sword Weilding Gun-nut and all around stupendous bad♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,233130,11252737,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Immortal Wombat,I was sold on this game purely on the strength of the trailer. You could put the music from any 80s childhood classic on pretty much any game and legions of nerds like me would buy it.
,Recommended,233130,22108200,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Zuka™,The remake of an awesome game made in 1997. This game totally lived up to it.Pros:Lo Wang;Awesome swordfighting;Very fast-paced action;No annoying tasks;Nice art;Lo Wang;Decent story-line;Much jokes such wow;Lo Wang.Cons:Not enough Lo Wang.My Rating:Wang/Wang
,Recommended,233130,33693410,Posted: 21 July,all,Gat,"After playing hotline miami 1 and hotline miami 2 I never though i would find a game that good... I was wrong... this game is in the 1º place of my favorite games with hotline miami 1 and hotline miami 2. The game is beautifull I wonder how many times I stopped in a middle of a level just to see the eyesight and take screenshots of it. The history is beautiful and I almost cried at the end. Soundtrack is great, making the battles become like demons go to hell and the calm parts look like a tour guide through Japan. The graphics (Having in count when the game was release of course I know theres a 2º out there) are beautiful having in count this game's age. The eastereggs are fun and are good for a little laugh every now and then. The boss fights are awesome especially the last one (that you should fight with a sword to make you feel badass). Do I recommend this game having in count the games out there and the age that this game has? YES, this game is what I call a must have. Not a 10/10 but a 9.5/10 now and a 10/10 when it was released. Making a game that can last this long without spoiling is really hard, and that's why I love the hotline miami series. This game was made by Flying Wild Hog (despite in the 1º review I said it was Devolver Digital (mistakes were made and I am sorry)) I give them a lot of praise and I want to say sorry for confunding them with devolver (thanks for wolfwood444 vel Bazi for correcting me!). They made this game but they didn't make a game, they made a masterpiece! I can't describe how it fells to play this game, if someone ask me to describe it I would say buy it and play it by yourself and you will see what's the beauty of this game. I am looking forward into theirs games!"
,Recommended,233130,23183899,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,BOOM! Nutshot,"Amazingly fun and a more realistic cutting style compared to most sword games. Mind you its not just a sword game since theres guns everywhere but I must say its hard not to use the sword because its so fun and all the different moves it has! You can also get this game off for an extremely high percent, like 90% is the usual discount which is what I got the game at."
76561198119216903,Recommended,233130,22057404,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Sam,i got his for 5 bucks. get rekt anyone who bought it for 40
,Recommended,233130,13988638,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Trip Hazard,"It's rare that I regret spending £2.99 on a game.It's even rarer when that regret comes from enjoying the game, and wishing I'd paid more. See, that's what happened here, and for a skinflint like me to admit that says volumes.Shadow Warrior then. Reboot of the ""classic"" (racist) 3D Realms FPS, which I liked as a kid but which time has not been kind to. Remember how the ratings board in the UK made them replace the shurikens with darts, 'cos of fears that children would start lobbing death stars at each other? Darts are impossible to throw, of course, and not widely available. Not like shurikens, which are EVERYWHERE.Lo Wang is back, and once again he has brought along his little book of cheeky, timely quips. This time around they're quite funny, so that's ok. He's now a lackey for the head of Zilla Corp. (remember them from the first game?), and when an attempt to buy an ancient sword goes awry, Lo Wang is forced to chase it down, and graphically butcher anyone and everyone in his path. You've got your sword and your guns and here are some bad guys, what more do you want?How about MAGIC POWERS? Yep, don't remember those from the Shadow Warrior of old. After a demon hitches a ride in your body, you get the power to earn and spend Karma points (found in blood fountains and as a reward for killing enemies, more on that later) on spells. My favourite is the healing spell, because I'm so often at death's door...The action here is decidely old-school, and blisteringly fast. Lo Wang is, when he's not tripping over his own appendage, a nimble chap. By tapping shift you can do a short range dash in any of the cardinal directions, getting right up into an enemies face to hack him to bits with the katana, or leaping back to find a safe spot and get a spell ready. Speaking of which, most of them are offensive, and you'll want to use them in battle as often as you can. Some clever design ideas help keep the action in full flow, like how enemies frequently leave a soul when they're killed which will replenish your health during a fight. You'll want to charge in and keep killing, lay waste to all before you, hoovering these up as you go, and chip away at the bigger, stronger enemies.Shadow Warrior, like the excellent Bulletstorm before it, features a ""points"" system, where certain actions award points, and collecting them affects your rating after each big fight, and how much bonus Karma you'll get. For instance, beheading an enemy might get you 100 pts, whereas simply killing it by shooting it in the chest will only get you 10. You are rewarded for speed, flair, and ingenuity - keep an eye out for explosive barrels! You might successfully defeat a big horde of enemies without taking a speck of damage, but if you were too slow and didn't mix things up, you'll get a paltry karma reward. It isn't rare to find after a big fight that you'll want to do it all over again, to see if you can get a bigger bonus (and make a bigger mess).The real star of the show in terms of weaponry is your trusty Katana, and I've never grown bored of it. The guns are all perfectly good, nothing wrong with them at all, but the katana isso good, it's tough to let it go. I was playing this and iD software's RAGE concurrently, and I missed it so much. I felt slow, and leaden. Lo Wang has speed and power.Matron.I like this game a lot more than I thought I would. It's not big and it's not clever, but it is a heck of a lot of fun and a great palate cleanser between more serious games. Now, who wants some Wang?"
,Recommended,233130,13276679,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Zekk,"Solid FPS, just like Hard Reset.Do yourself a favor, and try the demo, if you like it, buy the game."
,Recommended,233130,33296677,Posted: 5 July,all,Xavygravy,"Awesome game. Funny dialogue and characters, big explosions, fun upgrades, and lots of 'wow' moments. The gameplay does get a bit repetitive though, and sometimes it's not clear where to go.Anyway, it's like Duke Nukem if Duke Nukem were a ninja."
,Recommended,233130,33536495,Posted: 14 July,all,Graytay123,"This game has it all,Demons, katana and guns,And lots of♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes."
76561198090215718,Recommended,233130,33320278,Posted: 6 July,all,Noisemaker,Very good game. story is good and interesting in its own way. Slashing enemies with katana is very satifying and with that you get a lot of various weapons and magical powers to use to get through enemies... literally.I would give this game 8/10
,Recommended,233130,33573861,Posted: 15 July,all,Tricellatops,"This is probably the closest I'd get to pretending I'm a Shinigami with my Zanpakutou, Shunpo-ing and Kidou-ing everything to hell and back without having to resort to some side-scrolling, button-spamming Tekken-like stuff. Because I'm so♥♥♥♥♥♥and I get too toxic playing♥♥♥♥♥♥like that. The beautiful vistas. Oh my word, they are such a feast for the eyes and it runs like a dream in Linux on Ubuntu."
,Recommended,233130,33574712,Posted: 15 July,all,Star Foxie,"Picked this up thinking it would be a fun time-waster. I wasn't expecting a first person game to have effective sword combat, as most of them seem to get repetitive. However, Shadow Warrior impressed me beyond what I expected.Story: 8/10Kind of hard to follow at some points, but quite a unique and interesting storyline. The characters are all voiced excellently. Some of the jokes made me laugh out loud, though most seem kind of forced.Gameplay: 9/10The combat is where this game shines most. Carving up demons is oh so satisfying and the over the top blood effects only make it better. Oh, there are guns also, they have a couple of uses. I only give this a 9 because there is an annoying bug where if you dash down even a small flight of stairs, you can die and be sent back to the last checkpoint. Also, the boss fights are kind of the same strategy every time: dodge, shoot the glowy piece of armor until the glowy thing appears then shoot that.Music: 5/10Meh. Kind of repetitive.Level Design: 7/10The levels seem to drag on at points, and most of the game is a ""Go here, kill a horde of enemies, look for the glowing door/switch, repeat"" formula. However, the game does vary up the level themes quite nicely.Overall: 8/10A great game that is definitely worth picking up on sale. The gameplay was enough for me to want to keep playing it. The game is also a decent length (took me around 7-8 hours to play through).""Mess with the bull, you get the Wang."""
76561198028613770,Recommended,233130,26406092,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,zencat77,If you enjoy old school 3D Realms or ID games then get this game. Its awesome and has a massive amount of depth. Very fun gameplay! Enjoy.
,Recommended,233130,13930176,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,forksnapper,"Would you like to see a pretty scenery...with blood and guts everywhere? Then this game is for you! You can fight a bunch of demon dudes, chop them into bits, shoot 'em up til they explode and you can even give them a heart attack! You can even destroy furniture! You also can customize yer skills, ki, and weapons. And there's fortune cookies and neat easter eggs! Shadow Warrior is loads of fun, indeed! Oh yeah, if you plan to play this game, make sure you give the bunnies some privacy! :ohttp://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLUXrCLUQcQ5AJEhdzLhxHqqhuEvMAat6V"
,Recommended,233130,25991240,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Thrax™,A Reboot Done Right.
76561198095256664,Recommended,233130,22162602,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,[BT] Toffepeer28,"First 10 minutes of Shadow Warrior:- I am singing along to ''the Touch'' by Stan Bush while driving a sports car- I get out of the car at the most stereotypical Japanese garden you've ever seen- I ask some dude about a sword I was going to buy from him- Dude betrays me and sends his ninja henchmen at me- I fight off the ninjas like I'm in that one scene from 'Kill Bill'- I run after the dude who just betrayed me- Dude gets killed by a random♥♥♥♥♥demon called 'Hoji'- Hoji tells me the other demons took the sword and betrayed him so wants to help me get it back- We get in my sports car and drive off to an epic adventure""Chapter 1 complete""8/10 would become BFF's with a demon again"
,Recommended,233130,8430787,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,disc0rd,"Just completed this game, took me a little more than 11 hours so I definitely got my moneys worth. Based on the original Shadow Warrior, which was made in 1997 by 3D Realms (responsible for classics such as Duke Nukem 3D, Blood and Rise of the Triad), it's not really an re-make... more like a re-imagination, a re-boot.Playing as Lo Wang, hired by Zilla Enterprise to help it's owner find the legendary Nobitsura Kage, a mystical katana connected to ancient demons. Aided by a spirit named Hoji, the player travels back and forth between the real world and the shadow realm to find the three parts of the sword and... yeah, that's about it when it comes to story.The weapon of choice in this game is the katana, it's so satisfying to run around and chop all the different enemies to small pieces with the sharp katana. Sure, you've got some standard weapons like revolver, machine gun and rocket launcher and to make it all complete you even get to upgrade Lo Wang with different abilites and powers, which comes in handy while fighting wave after wave of demons.It's GREAT fun and I think this is one of the best FPS games released in some years, it's not like Call of Duty and Battlefield and all that other stuff, it does its own thing and that's why everyone who enjoys the FPS genre should buy it and gives this a chance."
76561198016489020,Recommended,233130,9971980,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Noble Judgment,"A game filled with Gore and Easter eggs of the previous game, with secrets and jokes with reference to the original Shadow Warrior and other 3D Realms games.I give it an 8/10 for the abundance of bugs that get you killed every now and then but otherwise a very fun game."
,Recommended,233130,9960058,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Arimech,"Slash, slice, powpowpow, limbs, organs, gore"
,Recommended,233130,9971528,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Not the Face!,The most fun I've had in a single player FPS for the last couple of years. Expect an action oriented somewhat standard FPS experience. A very fun one. All the guns feel good as well as the katana. The boss fights are delightfully old school.
,Recommended,233130,13504123,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,veri,"I just saw Shadow Warrior being offered on Steam for four dollars.  The game is totally worth four dollars - it may even be worth 20.  There aren't that many games where your characters ends up being such a complete bad♥♥♥♥♥ (maybe Prototype.)  The melee combat works pretty well and feels solid and there is a ridiculous amount of stuff to kill.  The only downside is that the game runs out of steam towards the end, but the first few hours are worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,233130,13526061,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,`aspire.,Over the top gore-n-physics first person sword action with hysterical narration and in-game banter. What more could you want? Picked up during the Winter sale and I love it.
76561197961802237,Recommended,233130,13521326,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,MrMeow,Spent £3 on this game and got more fun out of then a AAA £50 game.Worth every penny!
76561198073192296,Recommended,233130,13507721,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Zanttag,"This fps has very enjoyable game play with lots of interesting guns. Additionally there is one of the best katana combat systems in this game. The story is not particularly amazing or deep but I personalyy didnt care because the gameplay was so fun. The campaign has a decent length to it and the arena mode more than covers any desired replay value. Then enemie variety is great with everything from cannon fodder to massive bosses. Although there was one enemy type that was just a pain to deal with. It was a charger character with one vulnerable weak spot. It kept messing with the flow of the game since it would regularly be the last foe standing and take a minute or two to bring down one of them. This could take me as long as six minutes when there were four to kill. However the rest presented and ideal challenge and with lots of ways to deal with them. Ammo is pretty plentiful so if you are looking to be forced to change weapons that will not be quite the case. You will not be able to use the same weapon for the whole game since ammo drops are not that plentiful but a skilled player could mangage to use only two weapons. The exception to this previous statment is the  katana, which can be used for the whole game for obvious reasons. I can not comment on the viscera clean up detail bonus game since I have not played it."
,Recommended,233130,10770352,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ninjawithamullet,friggin' love this game :D
76561197991690184,Recommended,233130,10771269,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Maylife,Amazing Retro Shooter for all People that grew up in the 90s and with Shooters like Duke Nukem 3D / Shadow Warrior classic and so on.
,Recommended,233130,10771445,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,I AM ROMANIAC,"Any game that I can find two rabbits having sex, kill one, and fight the other one when it turns demonic, is a really good game. 10/10"
,Recommended,233130,10767509,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mana,"Fantastic reimagining of the original Shadow Warrior (based on the build engine) from the heydays of first person shooters. This game combines great graphics, great humor, nice weapons with an interesting set of powers and a surprisingly touching story. I won't really delve deeply in this review, I'll simply state that this game is great, both for old school players and new players. The swordplay is one of the best I've seen in a first person action game so far."
76561198068837007,Recommended,233130,12812091,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Derpicide,Playing with your Wang has never been so fun!10/10 would wang again.
,Recommended,233130,7876691,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,H   E   L   E   N   E   K,"Shadow Warrior is one of those games that really goes back to what it used to mean to be a shooter. From the exploration, to the lack of regeneration health, the challenging enemies, and the absolutely absurd story. Shadow Warrior feels like a first person shooter designed in the mid 90's, with the amazing high definition graphics of today. If you love old school shooter then this one will feel right at home, if you don't then take a break from the linear first person shooters of today and experience something fresh, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,233130,9632655,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,slet,YOU GOT THE TOUCHYOU GOT THE POWER
,Recommended,233130,12811517,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Darkendone,"What can I say I am diggin the new Shadow Warrior.  This game is amazingly simple that anyone can play it, but only adults and those that can separate a simple good game from reality.  The humor woven throughout the game is awesome, total cheezy joke humor with quick quips!  And the sword play is absolutely ridiculous fun.  I love the graphics and the imagery.  I have to recommend this game.  It's just to darned good not to!"
,Recommended,233130,30446076,Posted: 11 March,all,HighMark™,"Bought this as a joke/fill-in game till I saved enough for the new DOOM(heard this was also about badass weapons and killing monsters). I was so wrong for calling it a joke. This, though it may not seem like it at first, is one of the most well made fps games on the steam market.Excellent gameplay elements that don't leave you bored, you get  new weapons and face new types of enemies almost all the way to the end.Excellent jokes, even though they are all ""Wang"" jokes and are usually crass, but damn, they have probably incorporated it into the game in the smartest way possible.Excellent voice acting, the characters were really well acted out. Top notch considering my prejudices I had about the game before buying it.Last but not the least, Excellent story, I did not expect this at all. I bought it and played just to kill demons with my ""Wang"" and was pleasantly surprised with the intricate and detailed story that was truly, among all the other brilliant things about this game, was the shining gem. Would like to commend the devs for this wonderful journey of 17 hours.Ending this review with one of my favourite fortune cookie quotes of the game.""Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a great hand.""ok, one more.""A Wang in the hand is worth two in the bush."""
76561198010934172,Recommended,233130,25970394,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,I just wanna be pure,"What a fantastic game, its like new Doom, but instead of doomguy theres nipguy."
76561197996630468,Recommended,233130,13172366,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,trilobite,"I must recommend this game. It turned out to be much better than I expected, based on the promo videos. SW is a fun action game that is best for melee attacks. If you like Dead Island for melee (like I do), you’ll love Shadow Warrior. That katana is awesome. Guns too, especially later in the game. Purchase the dual-wielding option for the mini submachine gun. Buildup your character (Lo Wang) as the game progresses. Gather money for weapons upgrades, Ki crystals for powers, and karma points for skills. Although the game has lots of light banter, the underlying story is rich and serious indeed, if a bit confusing. This was a surprising and pleasing discovery. It helped motivate me thorough what begins to be a grind of arena battles, of which there are many, many.Bosses are enormous giants. Boss fights are doable and not too hard. Just remember to heal yourself frequently, circle to pick up powerups and shoot for the weak points when they appear. The “powers” must be invoked by keyboard/mouse combos. This can be a bit of a problem because it takes a bit of doing to remember them and invoke them when you need them most – during a battle.Map landscapes and architecture are very detailed and often beautifully done. Shadow world maps are sparse. Game was rock solid – stable movement throughout, no crashes or glitches, never got stuck, frequent checkpoints.I would give this game 85/100 for action, story, artistic presentation, and sheer fun."
,Recommended,233130,7747622,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,stevechepp,"First, let me start off by saying that I grew up with the original Shadow Warrior (and many of the old build engine games) as some of my favorite games when I was younger. I have many, many fond memories of that/those games. So when I first heard that they were rebooting it, I was a little hesitant. However, then I heard that Flying Wild Hogs was at the helm and I felt a little better. However, I also was worried that the racial & sexist stuff (which in many ways made the original what it was) would not be present due to the climate of today’s society... and quite frankly, rightfully so. Many of those racial things in the original were extreme and highly racist & sexist, so they really have no place in a modern intelligent game. Anyway, I am pleased to say that they did away with the racist stuff and improved on almost every aspect of the Shadow Warrior universe. The combat and controls are tight. The guns are amazing. The enemies are relentless. The core mechanics are awesome. But at the forefront is the swordplay. The Katana is no longer just a melee weapon that you use when you run out of bullets. It is the star of the show. I would argue that it is second main character of the whole game. If you liked hard reset, you will love this game. If you like Japanese culture, you will love this game. If you love great single player, story driven FPS's, you will absolutely love this game! Buy, buy BUY!!!"
,Recommended,233130,11039746,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Iron Dagger,"9/10""...no ordinary Wang""although gameplay focus is on sword fighting, there are endless ways to kill enemies as the young Lo Wang... long before he was the Shadow Warrior (1997)"
,Recommended,233130,13543809,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Fullburn,"Found two bunny rabbits bumping uglys. Shot the Female rabbit, then the male rabbit went and turned all demon on me. Hardest thing ive had to kill in the game so far. Got me down to 14 hp.10/10 Would kill rabbits making love again"
,Recommended,233130,26787389,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rgamer1,Great story with funny genuine dialogs and amazing graphics.Must have in every collection imo.
,Recommended,233130,13628619,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Thelonias,"Whoa! Shadow Warrior is extremely fun! I don't even want to use the guns in this game, they're alright, it's just that the melee combat is too damn good!"
76561197992988822,Recommended,233130,19292513,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,plooschack,"""Shadow Warrior"" is one of those game that makes you wish Steam has third grade option, not just recommended or not. On one hand - it's fine specimen of FPS genre. On the other - it's just that.With it's outdated graphics and developers clear issue with making smaller objects it looks medicore at best from technical side. But the design? Very good, instantly catching that cheap oriental feeling of the '70 we all know from the movies and references to old titles.Gunplay is perfectly fine, all weapons feel right, have nice upgrades and even the revolver - your first firearm - is valid chocie till the end of the game. OK, the flamethrower - undperpowered. But except it, it'sjust fine. Unfortunately Katana and powers are ""meh"" all the way. While you will be running withy it, slicing and dicing quite a lot, it's unintuitive in use so you will keep to two moves that are more than enough to solve most of your demonic problems.And the plot? Yes, there is one. But as we say in Poland - dupy nie urywa or it's not mindblowing for those who can't speak more elaborate languages ;) It's not something that will keep you playing. Until the very end you will learn some facts, you will hear few stries. But it becomes understandable at the very end of the game. Wheter it is good or bad - it'scompletly personal. I liked it.  Much more interesting than main plot are small talks bewteen Wang and Hoiji (our demonic sidekick).When it comes to music - I have no idea. I turn off music in almost all games. But the sounds are good. Vocies too. And only thing that makes you irritated are Wang's one liners after gruesome kill. They are cheap - whichmight have been on purpose - and after heaing the same one dozens of time, you can get a bit angry...Overall... As I said at the begging. It's fine example of FPS but it's just that and there is plenty of titles that are just as good as ""Shadow Warrior"". Those of you who play shooters casually - it won't be good enough. FPS fans will find it suitable to distract their attention while they wait for some AAA title. Especially if you buy it one one of the sales."
,Recommended,233130,7932068,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Camel Juice,Better than Duke Nukem Forever.
,Recommended,233130,8923269,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Dragon,"Excellent graphics, music and gameplay. Didnt have this much fun with melee combat since Dark Messiah of M&M (you will wantand you will spend 90% of time wielding katana Nobitsura Kage), ranged weapons are also interesting (demon head for the win).Combat is extremely bloody and fun (especially chopping enemies with katana), but also challenging (when fighting swarm ofenemies). Story is also interesting with crazy twists. There are even three separate categories of upgrades (weapons,powers and skills)Maps are worth exploring (there are lots of easter eggs and hidden levels and locations).SW especially shines when it comes to humor(dialogues between Lo Wang and Hoji are memorable, Lo Wang's one-liners mocking almost everything are hillarious, fortune cookies, parodies...).You thought Duke Nukem and Dante are cool jerks with crazy comments? You haven't met Lo Wang.This game is fantastic...I mean Wangtastic.And whatever you do, early in the game...DON'T ATTACK CUTE BUNNIES FOR YOUR OWN GOOD!"
,Recommended,233130,8215659,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Overcooked Pineapple,"Have you ever wanted to chop a demon/person in half or riddle their body with bullets?! If so, this game is for you. A lot of gore, comedy and a love story about a guy who loves him self. Pretty long game, I was expecting it to be short but wasn't disappointed. Melee combat for me was stood out to me the most :D. Huge fan of advance melee combat, similar to Mount and Blade where you can direct a sword swing with your mouse. It's not as indepth as Mount and Blade but doesn't make slicing a demon in half any less satisfying."
,Recommended,233130,13001064,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,👻 楊浩賢 👻,"A game like no other, and really brings the nostalgic feel of old school shooters and hack n' slash. Haven't played the original Shadow Warrior, though I have played old school shooters like doom and such so I anticipate its the same (please correct me if I'm wrong).You are Lo Wang, a seemingly hard-skin individual able to withstand tons of bullets and giant demons in suit of armors with ease. With an arsenal of badarsey weaponry, you will go through a a journey slaying humans and demons alike in a campaign length of about 8 - 15 hours.***PROS:****The pros. Oh boy. This game really hits you in the head with its old school combat. With drawbacks to the original with fanservice, references and... naked anime girls? The game comes in with 3 skill-tree like interfaces, called Powers, Skills, and Weapons (though the weapons are more like upgrades) which are- in my opinion pretty cool and can make one's user experience easier (please see cons). You will hack and slash (or gun your way through, but to be honest, no one ever uses guns.. right? I hope.) through a multitude of enemy types. Lo Wang, the protagonist, throughout the game undergoes pretty evident character development, going from a brat and dumb to a pro and awesome. The environments are also VERY well made IMO, able to maneuver quickly and efficiently without much obstacles in your way (unless its a corridor then might as well use your guns and dual-akimbo that crud).****CONS:****Cons, eh. Like I said before, Powers, Skills and Weapons will make one's user experience much, and I mean, MUCH easier. I really do NOT recommend playing this game on Normal or easier as that will ruin the classic ""Shadow Warrior"" experience. Besides, old school-like games are mean't to be played with a challenge, no doubt about that. Furthermore, I have two REALLY glaring problems for this game that I think I should address (in my opinion). The first being the enemies themselves. Even though I said that as a Pro point, they really recycled and reused the enemies A LOT. Every few chapters will have 1 new enemy and you will barely need to change your tactics at all. The boss fights are really cool at first, but it kinda disappointed me when every single boss is literally the same ""shoot dem armurz and u winz"", and to me, most bosses had the same skill sets with different animations (though the last boss fight when you had the Kage sword was pretty damn cool). Second major problem is the map layout and backtracking. As a Pro, the map design (like I said before) is really well made for combat situations. However, the devs seemed to have slacked off about 3/4 into the game. With the map so huge with no sense of direction, I found myself walking back and forth to realize I had to destroy a third statue 2 areas away where I came from in order to progress to the 3rd area I was in. The map flow was ideal for me at the beginning of the game, but it fell off at one point and it just felt damn lazy and it was very boring for me, not to mention that they even reused some parts of the map in other chapters as well.Even so, I do recommend this game. I wholeheartedly feel that, despite the cons, you will have loads of fun for the dozen of hours you will accumulate. Though, I suggest waiting for a price drop (as I got this for only 10 bucks) as I don't think the amount of content in this game is enough to satisfy that price range now (max 30 dollars imo) but theydoinclude the Viscera Cleanup Detail version for free if you purchase this game.*NOTE: Everything is in my opinion, so pls no judgey"
,Recommended,233130,9534975,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Levaniko,"This game has exceeded all my expectations, It has probably most satisfying sword fight in any FPS game, graphics are amazing, story is very good, and game is pretty long and manages to not get boring after time with all the different upgrades enemies and hidden secrets all around the levels, definitely play this game if you even slightly like this genre it's 100% fun.http://youtu.be/AZKpByV5764"
76561198078127192,Recommended,233130,30461202,Posted: 11 March,all,DaaaahWhoosh,"I thought this game was pretty damn awesome. It reminded me a lot of the reboot of DOOM; that game was better for a lot of reasons, but that doesn't mean this one wasn't fun.So, some of the good things: the sword is fun to use. There are plenty of ways to get health back, even in the middle of a fight, but there is no passive healing. It's a longer game than I was expecting, so you get your money's worth. Dismemberment is pretty good, makes you feel more powerful.Now, the bad things. There are three mini-boss-type enemies, that are essentially big guys who walk around and let you shoot them for a couple minutes while little guys annoy you. In a game like DOOM, I felt like that worked, because you had big guns for the big guys, and they weren't all that big. Here, it feels like the opposite; big guys are bullet sponges, and a lot of the time you don't have any special guns for taking them out. Add to that the fact that all of their melees do damage randomly (that is, if I'm behind you, I'm sure there's a reason you lunging forward hurts me, but I certainly can't figure it out), and things tend to get annoying. Also, as other reviewers have said the map design isn't all that good, DOOM kept things interesting with verticality but this was more a case of flat rooms and corridors with walls to hide behind sometimes.In summary, this is a genre I like. Sort of a throwback to the 'good old days' of first-person shooters, but with some new stuff thrown in. It's not a perfect game, but I enjoyed it, and I'll definitely look into playing the sequel."
,Recommended,233130,22862837,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Fabiolus,Got this game on sale 90% off for 5$ Opted for the special edtion version that included the infamous katana from Hot Miami line....awesome!Packed with action and surprisingly entertaining.
,Recommended,233130,8132263,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,hotage,"For anyone who likes anything. This game is very doom-like. It is filled with very fast-paced action, out of the park graphics and a somewhat captivating story. I don't want to make this go on for too long, so let me point review this10/10: Gameplay7/10: Graphics8.5/10: Story9/10: Sound"
,Recommended,233130,30008233,Posted: 18 February,all,ProDnaGamer,"Great game, Greatly Optimised.If you like hack and slash Monster killing bullet hell with Katana slicing bodies into two parts! whew! You will love it and i do like it for that!the con for me is during battle scenes, the 10-15 fps drops saddens me, but hey, its my potato. I play on 1080p medium and it looks gorgeous though!!tldr. Get the  Complete edition on sale."
76561198043103248,Not Recommended,233130,32342552,Posted: 11 June,all,Khan Ackhar,"While the sword gameplay and feeling of the weapons is very good, the game is doing a terrible job on motivating one to complete it. The levels are repetitive and you fight the same enemies over and over again. Defeating them can take a loooong time and it just feels like they try to stretch the game as long as possible.The upgrade system is horrible, why did they add this? It doesn't fit to the game at all. You should have all skills and weapon upgrades right at the beginning.I wish i could recommend this game, but i can't. It doesn't often happen that a game bores me so much that i dont want to complete it. But this one is such a game. I'm now at level 13 from 17 and i just can't motivate myself to continue playing."
,Recommended,233130,16539342,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ePSn,"Without a doubt, this is one of the most enjoyable games I have ever played.Melee combat is extremely enjoyable and fun and so is the gun combat. It's amazing how devs managed to balance these two styles. It's up to you what weapon you wanna use (against normal and ""stronger"" demons), every weapon is useful from start to the end. You can either cut your way through using some katana combos or you can just run with guns blazing (oh god and the shotgun,,, THE SHOTGUN!)However! The combat is just half of the game, the other half is humour. Except for Deadpool I dont really remember any other game that made me laugh so hard. The fortune cookies are just priceless (so be sure to look for them)Surprisingly enough the story wasn't bad at all, it's definitely not the best story that you can find in video games but it's somewhat interesting and the cutscenes (animations) are pretty well done.However just like any other game even SW isn't perfect, and there is one thing that I don't like. And that's the way how they dealt with boss fights. Boss fights are rather boring, repetitive and imo not really challenging (not as much as they should be) There was definitely a better way how to do it. Fortunately boss fights aren't that common. (explained what exactly bothers me in spoiler)I'm not fan of fights in which you are pretty much limited to use only certain weapons and wait/keep hitting certain place on your enemy for the one moment during which you can actually harm the boss. and especialy the final boss.... after circa 11hours of extreme fun I had to fight one of the most boring fights ever.Anyway, boss fights aren't enough to ruin this game for me, it's 10/10 game for a great price (especially if you get it on sale ofc). For about 4€ I got 12 hours of story line and I'm about to play through it again (higher difficulty and achievement hunt)10/10Looking forward to SW2 with coop(ps. played original SW as well and this one definitely didn't ruin it's reputation)"
,Recommended,233130,17612611,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,MaxOfS2D,"While I'm marking this as recommended, this game fails to avoid many of the pitfalls of modern first-person shooters.What the game does wrong• Confusing level design when trying to stray away from the linearity. This happens in roughly half of the ""break the 3 magical seals"" sections, as well as the labs level. The use of invisible walls, which are usually not too bad, really aggravates this.• Some of the weapons are extremely situational while some others are too good in any given situation. It gives you little reason to use/upgrade parts of your arsenal.• Tendency to pad out levels with more of the same fights, with seemingly little thought being given to how to shake things up a little. The latter half of the game degenerates quickly into ""let's throw every monster at the player at once"", with only the quantities varying. It's dull, it's not very fun.• A story that doesn't know whether it wants to be funny or dramatic. Witty cheap one-liners are followed by cutscenes about complex political plots and personal sorrow. I think it's possible to mix the two but as it stands, they clash too much. I feel like it would be possible to exploit this contrast for a good effect, and without that, the writing comes off as uncertain and incohesive.• A lot of looting. Way, way too much looting. Sure, you auto-pickup everything that's in containers, but spamming E everywhere gets old real quick.• The game has a rating system for fights where you can get bonus experience points (karma). While it flat out tells you that you should combo and vary the abilities you use, in practice, your different abilities do NOT guarantee that they'll actually serve their intended purpose. It feels like it's a lot up to random probability.• On several occasions I ended up becoming stuck for 10 minutes, unable to progress. On one instance, it was because a ragdolled enemy, which wasn't dead yet, refused to stand back up. On another, it's because I somehow went into a part of the level I wasn't supposed to be in, trapping myself behind locked doors. It's frustrating as hell.What the game does right• Binding the use of special abilities as tapping one direction twice + a mouse button. While it sometimes fails to register, the fact that this feels very natural really makes up for it.• The pre-rendered story cutscenes that are like animated dioramas are absolutely gorgeous.• Some of the writing is genuinely funny, but those moments are rare.Finally, a word on the game's production value. It feels a little cheap, with human models and faces suffering from the uncanny valley. The animation quality varies between average and good, but nothing bad especially stands out, besides the awful animation compression (creating the jitter issue). But I don't think that's the biggest issue. To me, the biggest issue is the extremely lackluster soundtrack. For well over half the game, there is no ambient music other than the same few loops, over and over and over and over. It wouldn't normally be that big of an issue, but when the level design has trouble directing you seamlessly towards your next objective and has you aimlessly run around for 5 minutes, it gets on your nerves.In summary, I'd give Shadow Warrior something like a 6,5/10? It's weird for an ""old school"" FPS to fall into modern flaws, but here we are, I guess."
,Recommended,233130,31099117,Posted: 12 April,all,Maverson,"George Carlin fortune cookie. Nuff said.9/10really fun storyline, nice combat, and the game has a wicked sense of humor...I always died from the environment...."
76561198066494069,Recommended,233130,29533718,Posted: 27 January,all,Kipe,"Doom with Wang, swords and humour. Couldn't ask for more."
76561197998175825,Recommended,233130,7404465,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,b.f3000,"Не, ну я конечно не ожидал от ""Летающих диких кабанов"" хреновой игры, но учитывая крайнюю слабость сюжетной постановки в их дебютном творении ""Hard reset"" я и тут откровений не ожидал.А зря, ибо к ожидавшимся от них хорошему геймплею и шикарной со всех сторон графике добавилась как раз шикарная сюжетная постановка.Анимированные комиксы шикарны, диалоги (особенно между двумя главными героями) шикарны, сюжет в целом, пусть и не тянет на литературную премию, но для шутера реально хорош, даже концовка не подкачала.Геймплей вполне себе олдскульный, без регенерации и с кучей носимого оружия, монстры реально разнообразны с индивидуальным подходом у уничтожению каждого вида."
,Recommended,233130,34894871,Posted: 11 September,all,mezzy,it took me 10 years to realize there was paper inside fortune cookies i just thought it was nasty chinese♥♥♥♥♥♥inside
,Recommended,233130,9194621,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Mr.Red,"I have enjoyed this game WAY more than any other single player FPS I have played. The sheer amount of power you feel while playing as Lo Wang is just great.There's a lot of nuance to its experience that most reviewers fail to mention. Now maybe it's better if you are surprised by them once you play the game;however...IF you're on the fence and want to know what makes this game STAND OUT..., THEN keep reading.**ONE story-related SPOILER AHEAD, but it is something you find out in the first chapter**(it's the 3rd '+')*******************************************************************+GREAT for relieving stress+can chop off enemy's leg just to watch him hop around and grab his leg in pain(each enemy is sliced n' diced exactly how it should be, with directional slices)+have this 'spirit' ally with you & it talks to you throughout the game (with comedic results)+/- it's an arena shooter, meaning you will kill a group of enemies, then explore/relax until you run into the next batch+can heal yourself with a magical skill (heals up to 60% of your max hp, but can be upgraded to more)- a few of the chapters are too long IMO (3 or 4 chapters took ≈2 hrs to complete)- no co-op or multi-player+are secret items to collect in every level+well balanced enemies/combat+can simultaneously do magic in one hand and use weapon in the other. oh yeah!20-23 hours to complete (story mode)for most people, but took me 25 hrs. in-game timeEdit 1:fixed typosEdit 2: After beating the game, I edited the line about ""a few of the chapters [being] too long...""Edit 3: added approx. time to complete campaignEdit 4: took out ""I love this game!"" so you don't think I'm totally biased. & added more explanation of the 'slicing and dicing' mechanics of this game under the pros & cons section"
,Recommended,233130,13770839,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Zένø™ 👌,If you are into FPS games and you like katanas then this is the right game for you.Some positives and negatives about this game:+Katanas+Nice animations+Good humour+Did i mention katanas?-Stupid story
,Recommended,233130,22721574,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,DCxDemo,The way to go when you want some wang.
76561198169560446,Recommended,233130,18926547,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Schinigami,"This game is awesome! True, I bought it in a deal, but I think it is worth it's original price. Nice story, really well executed fight in a pleasant graphic design. True, you can nail your enemies, make them blow up or electrocute , use special powers or just ordinary shoot them down, but... ""I like sword - it's a personal weapon"". Every way is good to kill some demons..."
76561197993784910,Recommended,233130,8779792,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,danila99,"Shadow Warrior appears to be (arguably) the best swordplay game out there on the market. I craved for a shooter, but apparently katana's way is so much better! Every non-boss enemy in the game could be defeated with the sword only, even when they teleport on you in big numbers. No big deal — there is always a way to cut poor beggars heads off due to your greater mobility, ki-strikes and self-healing skills. Once you've invested into some Katana Mastery points, the game becomes hectic first person slasher like nothing else. Somehow, the whole game is balanced around beheading your enemies. (Bosses are unlike that though, there is a different gameplay for them to switch your pace.)Quick snapshot of your further experience with this game: you are below half of your health, dashing like a maniac between blooming sakura trees with your sword drawn, a dozen of lesser demons are running you down, while a pair of greater demons shoot green fireballs at you from afar. Gathering strength for the self-healing ki-strike you bash your way into the midst of the enraged horde: there is a smile on your face.In addition, Chinese cookies are delicious in this game. Would be such a waste if you don’t try them."
76561198018704062,Recommended,233130,13504167,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Keeper,"YOU ARE TINY GRASSHOPPAH!Surprisingly good remake of a classic game of the same genre. Action is tons of fun, puns are where they belong, and it also has an unexpected great story and characters.Some scenarios may get a little dull after some time, but the sword fighting throughout the entire game is extremely addictive. There's also a leveling system where you may upgrade abilities and acquire special attacks, which motivates you to keep on exploring and killing demons to acquire the needed points.Definitely recommend Shadow Warrior"
76561198010261207,Recommended,233130,13508561,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Hysonnox,"You're called Lo Wang and there's constant jokes about it... but the combat can be hard at the start when you're first getting to grips with the controls...8.5/10TL;DR+♥♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes- At the start, It's hard to handle the wang"
76561198062771155,Recommended,233130,13509760,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Tenacious Goat,"Came across 2 rabbits getting it on, promptly obliterated them with my sword, then was attacked by a manic demon rabbit which seemed to be really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Lesson learned: Don't interrupt rabbit sex.... 11/10"
,Recommended,233130,10772141,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Cpt. Moist Panties,"I only played this game for 2 hours, and it was only survival mode.But I don't need to play it any further to know that this game is ♥♥♥♥ing fun and akin to Serious Sam and other classic titles of the 90's. It's real effin colorful too and forgoes the realistic black and brown plague of recent ''trouble in a Middle-Eastern town'' shooters. Or, god forbid, the blue hue of Battlefield 3, which I just don't get.Actually, I'll update this later when I fully get to the game, but I already know it's gonna be awesome. I'm excited enough for it that I'll recommend it based on first impressions alone.------edit- I was right. It pretty much IS ''Serious Sam with Lo Wang'', the basic level progression is moving forward, encountering several enemies you have to take out, and proceeding with story scenes thrown here and there in the middle or towards the end of the level. Story scenes are kept succinct, obviously.One thing this game has that Serious Sam (or any other FPS title) doesn't have is fleshed out melee mechanics. Any other title and the melee weapon is merely a last resort for when you run out of ammo; ♥♥♥♥♥♥, slow, low damage output, and unwanted. Shadow Warrior made it so that your melee is versatile and preferable to long-range weapons. Don't get me wrong, sticky bombs on a crossbow and firing off 6 shotgun shells simultaneously is fun, but you have a dash that lets you get up to your enemies really quickly. You also have a sword technique to impale, to spin 360 degrees and clear out people around you, and to release a long range energy burst. Coupled with your healing technique you'll be dashing into enemies and clearing out waves, pulling back to heal (4 second heal time) and quickly rushing back in.In fact, I think its fair to say that the developers wanted you to mainly stick to your sword, since theres a level-up system that requires cash, and you might wanna forego buying ammo for weapons to scrougne up the funds to add bombs to your crossbow or to have auto-fire on your revolver. Which means that you'll only ever use your guns when you have the ammo to spare, to take out those annoying flying enemies, or when facing the larger enemies that really damage you if you stay close to them for long.Hell, I'll call this a first person hack and slash, or a FPS title-First Person Slicer. Witty, I know. There's nothing wrong with the guns, and the upgrades are REALLY worth it and make them incredibly fun. But the attention paid to melee makes this game really unique, and there's something satisfying about having your screen fill with blood and seeing a crowd of ghoulish faces up close rather than taking them out from afar. Your slashes and dashes are arguably more enjoyable than killing people from 15 feet away.I guess there are some downsides. Weapons are found as you progress with the game, rather than pickups in levels. So you don't get to enjoy the flamethrower until you're deeper into the game. Also, some enemy variety in attack patterns would make combat a little more tactical and less of a 'mow♥♥♥♥♥♥down' fest. There's the aformentioned bomb enemy, and those flying dudes that become a target range. But it still feels like there could've been more. Let me see...the environments and enemies look good, but some of the character models in cut scenes look a little low-tier, but its an FPS title so who cares. When I'm finding myself trying to pick negatives rather than them coming immediately to mind that means its a good game."
,Recommended,233130,7833315,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Agent,"Here is a game you probably passed on,even though it launched this september,Shadow Warrior is a perfect example of how a Reboot should be,from the devs that brought to us the excellent Hard Reset,comes a game on the same formula however fixing most of the issues that were present on hard reset.Just like the original you play as Lo Wang,one of the deadliest and funniest hitmans in the world,you are assigned with the mission to retrieve the legendary sword the Nobitsura Kage,however everything goes wrong and now you and your demon partner Hoji must stop the demon invasion by blowing everything up in your path and slicing demons to bits and pieces.The gunplay in this game is excellent however what they really nailed was the swordplay,its actually much more fun to go full on samurai on your enemies,believe-it or not you can actually finish the whole game by only using your katana and never shooting one bullet,kinda like Half-Life 2 Episode Two where you can finish the entire game by only using the Gravity Gun. Now talking about the weapons,you got a really diverse and powerful arsenal going from a revolver to a triple barrel rocket launcher and a demon head that spits laser out of its mouth,every weapon in the game is customizable by collecting money you find hidden around the levels.If you enjoy old school First-Person Shooters than definately get shadow warrior,its a lot of fun and you will definately not be disappointed,this was a game that when i finished it a satisfying ending made me close the game with a smile on my face wanting some more wang,so who wants some wang?"
,Recommended,233130,23685199,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Kris,It's a good gameIt can be repetitive after a while but the story is good and the dialogue is interesting.Good if you like slicing meat ot pieces.
76561198128436185,Recommended,233130,31941027,Posted: 24 May,all,(ಠ ͜ʖಠ),"Just finished the game on Insane and it's a very good linear shooter. I expected it to be harder after playing Hard Reset but it's definitely a challenging game. The artwork is great, the soundtrack is really good and the gameplay is fun (the sword is freaking awesome). I didn't care about the story tho. Shadow Warrior is probably one of the best linear fps games you can get."
,Recommended,233130,2607708,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,...,The bees knees.
,Recommended,233130,7906990,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,DickPays,"Shadow Warrior is a reboot of the older Shadow Warrior, released back in 1997 and then was remasted in 2012 to Shadow Warrior Redux and along came this game and all I have to say is It's f***ing awesome!So story, the basics of the story is that you are Lo Wang, a man who is trying to buy a sword for his contact. Lo Wang's boss wanted a precious sword. When he talks to the owner of the sword, he says no. After that, things go south....FAST. Wang become a mass murdering, kitana welding foe for them. When exploring the palace for the sword, things go south again as you are captured by the owner of the sword and locked away. While all that happens, demons start to roam the earth, killing anyone in sight. You escape from the thing they call a prison and find out the owner of the sword died from a fire you have also fallen into. On the brink of death, you find out that the owner (I dont know his name) had a demon, trapped and banished to roam the earth, named Hoji. When you team up with him, you get abnormal powers such as healing. Other that the story is pretty bad.But I don't think anyone is here for the story. The gameplay of this game is f***ing awesome. This game has a score system after every wave of enemies you kill in the area. With the karma points, as they are called, you can buy abilities and ability upgrades. The scoring system kinda works like Bulletstorm, the more the combo and people you kill with one action, the more points. It works really well with this game, it makes the game more exciting and makes you want to try to get better combos and see how many points you can get with one action. The store and shop to upgrade your guns is very limited, 4 attachments for each gun. There's a pistol, submachine gun, crossbow and many more that you unlock farther in the game.The gunplay in this game is good. I only say that because when you have a kitana that can cut people in as many bits as the game will let you, you want to use that. Using the kitana will give you hours of amusement. I said this but, ""It's like Fruit Ninja, just with a lot of blood"" - Jeff the KillerThe graphics are beautiful. I don't know if it is my computer or not, but I can't run the game max settings. It's like Serious Sam with FPS, you'll get 60 in one place and 20-30 in another. I'll probably fix this part of the review when I get my 760 for now, this is my review on graphics.Overall, even though I haven't finished the story, you don't need a story to play a game, there are some exceptions, like this game. I think the story adds a bit more feel for the game so do Wang's funny a** one-liners. I recommend this game soooooooooo much. Only thing, is the price for this game is a bit high, I'd wait for a sale, 30-40 is way too high. Wait till a sale that brings it down to 10-15 bucks. 9/10 is what I give this game."
,Recommended,233130,24973528,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,TaffyWaffy,"I'm hesitating whether to do a ""funny"" review or be honest..I'll try both. I just hope whoever's reading this beares with me on this one!I wanted to write a review while still playing it but. the gameplay was just too immersive.. that's how great it is. I had tonnes of fun with this game! I was looking for a good FPS single player game for quite some time now and this just nailed it. Took the cake, ate it, freakin swallowed it whole and didn't even choke on it. The visuals are like p0rn to my eyes! Play it on ultra settings if your system supports them. It's incredible!The weapons are kinda wonky but still good. The sword fight mechanism feels amazing! The jokes in the game, actually funny. I give it a huge ""yes, buy it""!Now the ""oh-so-funny"" part.Get into the shoes of Lo Wang, a Japanese dude who apparently stepped in a pile of shitzu, like I do whenever I forget that I'm at the zoo, but luckily on his side is the oh-so-coinsidental shadow realm ghost demon hybrid .. thingy. Go on an adventure with them to try and clean Wang's boots as he learns magic tricks with which to blast his way to the dry cleaning, like a mad crowd on Black Friday for the new COD game. Unfortunately that's not how the game goes... rip boots. Check it out for yourselves. You Wang be disappointed!"
,Recommended,233130,8106276,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Sheriff,Old School Shootan with enemy hordes.Interesting sword mechanic.
,Recommended,233130,8129866,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Warrior,"A great revival of an old, crazy game and a very pleasant, fast FPS providing many hours of enthusiastic mouse torture."
76561197972258172,Recommended,233130,8389512,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,[Snizza] EyesofWrath,"Shadow Warrior initially tries really hard to make you think it's less wonderful than it is, but the conviction that the developers and voice artists exhibit in delivering such a crazy product allows it to pull off the lame jokes, pop culture references and mindless action with panache. And after you're convinced that you're playing a superficial action game with another vapid set of cliche characters, somewhere along the line after all the fan service and wisecracks and gore, you realise that you're invested in the story and you care about the characters, and suddenly you become aware of how shockingly well-made this game is.Given the patchy success-rate of recent nostalgic reboots and reimaginings (I'm looking at you, ROTT), Shadow Warrior suprised the hell out of me with it's smooth and responsive controls, entertaining gameplay, beautiful visuals, and well-cast voice actors. It understands exactly what it wants to be at any given moment, and excels at both the early tongue-in-cheek schlock, as well as the later more serious character development. This is clearly a game in which all the talent behind the scenes really shines through, and I can't recommend it highly enough."
76561198074561346,Recommended,233130,27917630,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bunky,"If you like extremely satisfying combat, swords, guns, great perk trees and upgrades, good story lines and wang jokes. This game is for you. ;)"
,Recommended,233130,8183429,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Spooky Shmoogy™,"You got the touchYou got the powerAfter all is said and doneYou've never walked, you've never run,You're a winnerYou got the moves, you know the streetsBreak the rules, take the heatYou're nobody's foolYou're at your best when when the goin' gets roughYou've been put to the test, but it's never enoughYou got the touchYou got the powerWhen all hell's breakin' looseYou'll be riding the eye of the stormYou got the heart!You got the motion!You know that when things get too tough.You got the touch!You never bend, you never break.You seem to know just what it takes.You're a fighter!It's in the blood, it's in the willIt's in the mighty hands of steelWhen you're standin' your groundAnd you never get hit when your back's to the wallGonna fight to the end and you're takin' it allYou got the touchYou got the powerWhen all hell's breakin' looseYou'll be riding the eye of the stormYou got the heartYou got the motionYou know that when things get too toughYou got the touchYou're fightin' fire with fireYou know you got the touchYou're at your best when when the road gets roughYou've been put to the test, but it's never enoughYou got the touchYou got the powerYou got the touch!You got the power!- By Stan Bush                     sums up this game rather well"
,Recommended,233130,33685015,Posted: 20 July,all,SYSTEM GLITCH,I paid for this and enjoyed it. Now this is free right now on Humble. Go get it!
76561197992121541,Recommended,233130,12877685,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Commandante,"Badass,brutal,crazy and fast...just like asian kung fu movies with demons,katana and akimbo"
,Recommended,233130,16922297,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Serious Pony,"""Came for the shootouts, stayed for the swordplay""Brilliant oldschool shooter that gives you non-stop fun and satisfaction when you chop your enemies to pieces or blow them the hell up. It has a badass joker with a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥pun for the name as the protagonist, tons of different customizable weaoons, dozens of skills and powers that make the demon genocide even more fun, good sense of humor that makes you laugh from time to time, GIGANTING MIGHTY BOSSES and Pretty Big Mini-Bosses, tons of carefully hidden secrets and awesome easter eggs, big and vast levels. It took me 15 hours to beat all 17 Chapters on the Hard difficulty.And the at the same time the game gave me feels in the end, something what I didn't expect to get from that kind of game. Thank you, Flying Wild Hog, I'll be waiting for Shadow Warrior 2 for sure!P,S, There are also additional game modes and difficulties like Ex Mode (aka NewGame+ where you keep your skills and weapons) and the mighty Heroic Mode (where you have only 1 life for each level, no quick-saves and the game is actually more difficult than Insane difficulty). Replayability is really strong with this one."
,Recommended,233130,9512907,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,CorvusCorax,"I did not expect a remake for a classic such as Shadow Warrior. But after their cyberpunk FPS, Hard Reset, Flying Wild Hog decided to keep the old school shooter formula and use a more recognisable name. I like how the game does not take itself seriously - while the story is somewhat serious (suddenly demons appear out of nowhere) it does not stop our protagonist, Lo Wang, from delivering one-liners here and there (usually, after a successful slicing up of an enemy). Even the conversations he has with his companion make you smile and some of the references to other products of the entertainment industry can be hilarious.In the golden era of FPS games melee combat was uninteresting. In fact, after a level or two the melee weapon was never used again. Shadow Warrior used an equally weak weapon in the form of a katana and this is what the remake keeps; in fact, with the abilities and upgrades the player can acquire later on this weapon becomes even more useful. Also, while the rest of the arsenal consists of the usual firearms (submachine guns, shotgun, grenade launcher etc.) this array of weapons is also upgradable so here you also have some nice surprises - in order to have all upgrades and skills in place you need to finish the game once more in new game plus mode.Hard Reset was rather repetitive. Both the environment and the tasks you needed to carry out remained pretty much the same throughout the story. Shadow Warrior employs different surroundings each time and with the scripted events and various tasks you have the desired variety at hand throughout your quest. And while the game was not developed as an AAA title some of the levels can be jaw-dropping. The music accompanying your missions is equally good. Then of course you have a lot of collectibles and dozens of achievements.Shadow Warrior is one of the best old school style FPS games out there. The developer support is also commendable - they do listen to you and ever since its release date last September they have kept upgrading the game and constantly fixing any issues players encounter. Thumbs-up!"
,Recommended,233130,34430560,Posted: 22 August,all,Mister Torgue Flexington,WHO WANTA SOME WANG???
,Recommended,233130,17394593,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,OverlordTomala,"Possibly one of the most enjoyable FPS's I've ever played. It has beautiful scenery, graphics, music, amazing writing and humor.This was extremely fun to play, and I look forward to playing through it again to find all the other secrets and just to play on harder modes. I also look forward to the sequel."
,Recommended,233130,23720852,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Ad3pt kickback.com,better than doom
,Recommended,233130,13139755,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,SwordedGun,"Demons,katanas,dual wielding smg's,spirits of ancients warrior,rabbits having sex 10/10"
,Not Recommended,233130,20197510,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,WickitWonka,"Well, the game was witty. Overly phallic jokes since the main character had a last name of ""wang.""Also, the fortune cookie statements are pretty funny.The talent tree system had plenty of options.Otherwise, I found it to not be fun. Not saying it is a bad game, but it is not for me. I would also argue it is fairly average overall. Once again, not a bad thing. Average is better then dumpy."
,Recommended,233130,7857963,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Detective 0rdi,Hell yeah ♥♥♥♥♥ this go hard as hell flocka
,Recommended,233130,32171260,Posted: 4 June,all,ZerØ_ 零,"Shadow WarriorЭто прекрасный боевик с интересным сеттингом.Плюсы:+Огромное количество пасхалок, отсылок, секретов.+Дизайн уровней.+Отличные саундтреки, придающие атмосферность игре.+Прокачка навыков/магии/оружия персонажа.+Невероятно динамичные кровавые бои.+Оптимизация.+Ошеломительный Ло Вэнг и Ходжи.+Чёрный юмор.Минусы:Это даже не минус игры, а именно минус русской локализации.-Если вы не знаете английский, то русская локализация вам очень даже подойдет, и вы, безусловно, уловите основную суть сюжета. Проблема в том, что в субтитрах половина шуток и фраз переделаны не правильно и в более смягчённой форме, тем самым превращает один из основных плюсов игры в нечто среднее.Общая оценка8.5"
76561198104217416,Recommended,233130,22947423,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,EthanGamerTV YT 60fps4k,"Let me just say that i can tell this game was made by white people, and i can tell this isn't meant to be politically correct, but come on! there are fortune cookies, a main character with a chinese name and acent, and just overall cultural insensitivity.now before you think I'm some dumbass  SJW, let me say that I LOVE THIS GAME+The Gameplay is great+The swordplay is awesome+the guns are cool+the gore is greatthere is just so many things i can list!the only cons are- the accent is really annoying at times- the fortune cookies are funny but every time i see a fortune cookie the steroetypical chinese song playsand that's pretty much it!LOVED THE GAME, could be a bit more accurate with some detailsalso i keep seeing bunny love and DON'T KILL THEM TOO MUCH! They will mess you up!"
76561198054190517,Recommended,233130,11038740,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,MisterFate,"This game is worth 10$Over all rate 7.58 / 10 Graphics5 / 10 Boss fights. (Bosses are big but take for ever to kill).7 / 10 Level layout.8.5 / Combat system.Over all I did enjoy this game, but I did find my self wondering ""What were they thinking?"" moments. The combat system with the sword was pretty cool, especially when you decapitate enemies heads off and watch them roll down the sidewalk.The boss fights were a huge disappointment (On hard mode) because you just run around in circles collecting ammo for a 25 minutes as you slowly chip away at the bosses armor.Dont expect the same Lo wang moments you had playing the original because this is a new take on the world of shadow warrior.I do hope they make a sequel to this game and work out the kinks and try to experiment with the physics engine when dealing with the world objects.Cheers!"
,Recommended,233130,9797752,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,ElectronSpider,I have just completed Shadow Warrior and I really enjoyed it. The game offers classic arena style gameplay and a engaging story that kept me playing. There is a nice selection of weapons such as my favorite duel-wielding submachine guns and katana moves you can use. The keyboard controls and mouse movement are very responsive. I was happy to see how well optimized for the pc this game was on my mid-range gaming pc. I was able to enable ultra graphical settings on everything except I turned off mirrors and the game ran smooth. I recommend buying this game because Flying Wild Hog have put a lot of care (patches) and attention to detail that pays tribute to old-school fps.
,Recommended,233130,9731772,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Paragon,So much fun! Buy now if you like swords!
76561197960454188,Recommended,233130,9359843,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Capt. Dan,"This game was awesome, i always had fun playing it and that the best compliment i can give it. Swordplay was the best ive seen in an fps and combining it with the magic and guns just felt natural and smooth. On my first playthrough i didnt max out every skill or gun which i think is a plus- it makes spending your points and money feel more important. Looks great and i ended up liking lo wang and hoji so the characters pick up the ok story. The last third of it could get a tad repetitive but i just played like 1 or 2 missions a night and that was perfect. Normally an 8/10 but just for the amount of fun i have to give it a 9/10"
,Recommended,233130,9187232,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Rabbids In Real,fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥and a classic shooter but with updated tecnology so you dont have to deal with old engines and stuff and has a lot of replaybility mostly becuase of just how fun it is to play it
76561198062887927,Recommended,233130,9668864,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Questing Adventurer,This game is fun.
76561198005097294,Recommended,233130,9131598,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Resident Nemo,"Bad puns, Good game"
76561198010030506,Recommended,233130,8786531,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Yabusamaro,"The worst parts are the boss battles. They can be somehow enjoyable but are the worst of an overall solid game. Mixing swordplay with guns and magic feels really good. The combat can be played in various ways which keeps the game very interesting. Loved the story and the durabilty of the game. Wished there were more small enemies and more backtracking when exploring, so this game could relate more to classics like Doom, blood, and of course the classic shadow warrior. Still, this game is a pure gem. If you loved clasic FPS, go blind with this one and pick hard difficult. 9/10"
76561198005753379,Recommended,233130,8351998,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,{DTD}h4v0c,"Ok people, if you are sick and tired of dark gritty modern miliraty shooters that take themselves way too seriously and still want you to believe that a dog can take down an army helicopter consider this: When was the lest time a game let you slice your way trough a horde of demons, that come apart just as you would expect them to, with your trusty katana then have a 3 minute fight with a mini-boss involving you toasting him with flametrhower and blasting him with rocket launcher while having sacrasting comments about him and when you finally kill him you chop off his head and use it as a weapon that shoots lasers from his eyes! This game is a blast, levels are designed in a way that promote exploring, you can find secrets that have either currency or easter eggs like parts of levels from original Shaow Warrior and there is a naked girl showering behind a waterfall (I am not telling you where, you have to find her yourselves!). So do yourself a favor and get this game!"
,Recommended,233130,7888881,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Demanufacturer,Recommend grabbing this on sale!
76561198020051391,Recommended,233130,9812673,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,lemmingkiller,"When it comes to a games that will make you laugh at Wang jokes, this one takes the cake. Wang aside, it's also a nice mix of a FPS and hack & slash game styles. Gore, gore and more gore. If your like me and you love games that allow you to cut any limb off your enemy, then you'll enjoy Shado Warrior. ""If it's Wang, it's right!"""
,Recommended,233130,9804176,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Punished Matt,This is the game Duke Nukem Forever should have been. The quality and the attention to detail really show. All the way from start to finish I had a riot. Cuttan' dudes is fun and leveling up your character tree's is pretty good.Cutting dudes/10 - Would play again
76561197971133781,Recommended,233130,8638115,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Konfuzzyus,"Surprisingly, under the old school ""just shoot everything that moves"" gameplay and the corny one-liners there actually is a fairly well written plot. The shooting itself is solid, though boss fights feel a tad on the lengthy side (and the mechanics seem a tad repetitive) and some of the weapons seem a bit underwhelming in terms of oomph delivered. If you can bear hearing a Wang joke every five minutes you will have fun with this one."
,Recommended,233130,8601472,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,TheBreakfast,"Without a doubt one of the best games of 2013. A decidedly oldschool shooter with modern sensibilities, it's shocking how compelling this game's story can be given how crude the humor is at times."
,Recommended,233130,8438683,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Pasha,"One of the best games of 2013. You will not regret playing it, and you can easily clock in 10hours. Thank you Flying Wild Hog for listening to the community and making such an awesome games"
,Recommended,233130,8285299,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,RumbleBox,this game is really the sequel or remake everyone should own if you like chopping enemies down with your sword while using awsome guns this is your game zillas back and time to kick his♥♥♥♥♥for being the dumb enterprise owner he is the game does demand some graphics but if your able to play then GET READY GIVE THEM SOME WANG
76561198046232270,Recommended,233130,8118109,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,TIO_SADAN,simply AWESOME
,Recommended,233130,7897018,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Kiri Kelendras,"It's chinese duke nukem with a katana. I feel like i'm in an old japanese film, cheesy gore effects included. I never wanna put the katana down."
,Recommended,233130,8040459,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,S[Y]L,"This has to be one of the most amusing, if not the most amusing FPS that came out this year.In a nutshell, this is just a (partially) old school FPS with accented swordplay, and oh my, the swordplay is satisfyingly good. Toss in a bunch of upgradeable weapons, a few magic powers and this game becomes a sandbox for creative beheading, incinerating, blowing up and slicing up hordes of enemies.Storywise, the game is actually very decent. I didn't expect much as most of the other reviews I read said the story sucked, but I actually liked it.If you get the chance, pick this one up, it will repay in hours of mindless fun, something quite a few FPSes have missed out on lately."
,Recommended,233130,8216013,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Hagger,"A perfect example of why every single shooter does not need to look brown and have realistic combat.Excellent game that goes back to when 3d shooter game developers realized what they were: unrealistic and fun shooting galleries with over the top one liners, and not so generic guns! Arcade shooters are alive and kicking,slicing,beheading, and blowing up stuff! Madden Warfare eat your heart out."
76561197985628283,Recommended,233130,8110113,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Mr. Slinky,"Probably the best reboot of an older shooter to date.Rise Of The Triad is more of a new coat of paint on top of the original than a reboot, which is fine (except for those stupid hitscan enemies and first-person platforming segments) but Shadow Warrior has almost nothing in common with the old game except the name of the protagonist and sword-fighting.I want to say right away the sword-fighting is the best I've ever seen in a FPS. Most times I don't even bother with the sparse selection of guns because it's so much more satisfying to play with the game's simple combo system of pressing a directional key twice and then left or right mouse to use a sword attack or special move that knocks down or immobilizes enemies. Chaining together combinations will give you more points to use in a XP system for more moves, but will also make it more likely enemies will power-up themselves. It's a nice on the fly difficulty curve.The original game was notorious for being borderline racist thanks to the protagonist Lo Wang's broken English quips. That's been thankfully cut out and replaced with some genuinely funny back-and-forths between Lo and a mask-wearing demon who follows him. And even better, a reoccurring joke fans of a certain Monty Python movie will love.There is very little I can fault this game for – the shooting and sword-fighting is awesome, it looks nice, the difficulty feels just right, it's more violent than Peter Jackson's Dead Alive, it's hilarious, and there's a new game plus mode so you can max out Lo's skills and weapon upgrades.FPS of the year 2013 right here folks."
,Recommended,233130,8227947,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Jagaz,"This game is... amazing. Really. The story is solid enough for what it's supposed to do, which is to give you an excuse to murder lots of stuff. Don't expect to get the likes of Bioshock Infinite in it's regards of story telling and plot twisting, it's the clear winner there. Where Shadow Warrior however is the clear winner is the gun and sword play. More specificly that both of it is perfectly viable. I used the fancy katana moves with it's combos about as much, if not even more than the guns in this game, because it's just so much damn fun to take apart your enemies with all kinds of sword slices. On top of that you also get some powers which allow you to heal or do a shockwave to push enemies back.If you are looking for a nice FPS experience and put gameplay before story, then get this game. Did I mention that the graphics are pretty goo too? So umm... yeah. If you want to shoot stuff to bits, get this."
76561198005780418,Recommended,233130,8242805,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Mitaki,"I'll have to say, it is probably the best game I had the pleasure of playing this year.Graphics :As a whole, I can say that the graphics for this game were more than decent. Sure, they are not the best, but they make it up with style and gore. The way enemies blow up or get cut into pieces is so satisfying to watch that it never got old throughout my entire playthrough.I'll have to mention, that the cutscenes and animations were great and quite enjoyable. It is rare to see a ""comic book"" style cutscene done so well.Gameplay:This has to have been one of the most satisfying FPS experience I had in ages. The guns felt brutal and the swordplay is just amazing. The fact, that you can dismember your enemies in so many ways is quite joyful and gives style.Not only, this game has interesting weapons, but Ki powers which add quite a punch to the main character.Story:Although the story is quite simple, I did enjoy it. The characters are a blast and fun to watch talk, argue and taunt each others.Conclusion:This game is for anyone who wants a visceral FPS with alot of action and some somewhat raunchy humour. I truly wish, they will be more games like this in the next years."
76561198018656067,Recommended,233130,10143733,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Saberess,"What a beautiful game! I find myself staring at the scenery more so than I do playing the actual game itself. This is perfect for the  nerd in us all. Everywhere you turn takes you back to the 90's. With naked pixel sprites,♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes galore and pop culture easter eggs around every corner this game is pure dumb fun."
,Recommended,233130,9909106,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Defender of Sexyness,"This game went beyond by original expectation. Very entertaining for a shooter.Level design is well done though a bit linear at timesSuprising abundance of content.Customized of weapons, demonic powers and destructible environment make for shock and awesome battles.Melee combat with the sword is better than any melee combat ive encountered in any other game.The crude humour, fortune cookies and easter eggs are top lel.Even if you have no pror knowledge of the original 3D realms version you can still find if very enjoyable."
,Recommended,233130,9690164,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Zombait,"Shadow Warrior is a reimagining of the classic first person shooter by 3D Realms in 1997. The Story is a prequel to the original game. You play as Lo Wang who is ordered by his boss Orochi Zilla to get a sword known as the Nobitsura Kage. However obtaining this sword is easier said than done since you attacked by an assortment of demons on your journey. You are helped along the way by a demon named Hoji who tells you the sword is capable of slaying immortals and is anathema to demons. The dialogue between both Lo Wang and Hoji is extremely good and makes a lot of references to certain films and video games. The story is ok but nothing to brag about, it keeps the game going whilst telling a few jokes but it’s mostly forgettable.If you were expecting it to be an old school shooter then you aren’t going to find this game. Instead you go from arena to arena fighting enemies and being scored. It can be more easily compared to Painkiller than any other franchise. You have a choice of nine weapons. Some make their return from the original game such as the sword and sub machinegun and some new weapons such as the crossbow and a double barrel shotgun. The sword is the best weapon in the game since it’s extremely responsive, visceral, powerful and just plain fun to use. The guns, whilst feeling underpowered at first do hold themselves up one you upgrade them by using the in-game currency which is just known as ‘money’.  The upgrades vary from giving you a larger magazine size too having awesome ones like upgrading your double barrel shotgun into a quad barrel shotgun. There are also certain skills you can acquire to give you more health, money, ammo, a new weapon, new moves with your sword and many more. Finally there are four powers in the games which vary such as healing two thirds of your hp, knocking enemies back, launching enemies into the air and making a shield to protect yourself. Each power can be upgraded to make them more useful in combat.The enemies in the game vary from demons running at you and attacking you, protecting themselves with shields whilst shooting fireballs, flying in the air whilst shooting fireballs, rolling green goo and have it explode in your face and many more. You can also pick up body parts from demons such as their hearts which kill some of the enemies which surround you. There are also human enemies too but there extremely weak and don’t become a real threat until the last few chapters in the game.The graphics are pretty good, there are a lot of different locations such as small towns too snowy mountains which all look great. The atmosphere and lighting effects are good throughout each level and fit the overall theme of the game.Shadow Warrior is an extremely good game. Sure it doesn’t have a very good story and it’s not old school either but the gameplay keeps you engaged and makes you want to carry on playing the game. Highly recommend it to anyone who is a fan of first person shooters."
,Recommended,233130,7413177,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Chris,Looking for a shooter? What the heck are you still looking for then?
,Recommended,233130,14487986,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,itsACoppa,Awesomeness in awesome
,Recommended,233130,16460365,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Death Stalker,"This is a very polished and well done remake of the orignal shadow warrior. Nothing is lost, and it will leave you wanting nothing. The game itself has a tendency to get repetative, however the sword combat is second to none.You'll have tons of fun tearing through hordes of demons."
76561198108662423,Recommended,233130,14525456,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,fromthedepthsbelow,Well done! Entertaining through and through! Can we get Shadow Warrior 2 please?100/10
,Recommended,233130,7906194,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Ze,♥♥♥♥ing amazing!!!
,Recommended,233130,7388615,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,krovatka_new,Very nice game with perfect old school gameplay!
,Recommended,233130,13699363,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,KevinFromHeaven,"After playing Shadow Warrior I can say that I highly recommend the game. I beat it today, and it was quite the experience, The graphics, the humor, the gameplay, the challenge, and the desire to move forward was all there. I beat it across the span of a few days. I saw elsewhere people saying between 10 - 12 for a normal playthrough. 15 or more for the secrets. I went into this game without playing the original Shadow Warrior, I have to say that it was quite the enjoyable experience and worth the money."
,Recommended,233130,8346189,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Chef Excellence,"I loved the original Shadow Warrior, Lo Wang was a cool smack talking post Duke Nukem! A bit worried that the new version may not live up to the old game...Forget it!!! This is awesome slice-idge, kill-idge and just damn fine fun! Feels very much like th e devolver Serious Sam remakes, but that's not a bad thing... Who want a some wang?!!!!!"
76561198091000192,Recommended,233130,8745252,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,T.I.T.A.N.I.U.M,a great fast paced old school shooter with a lovely graphics and brutl sword combat and gun play that gives a verity of upgradeable  weapons with lots of reason to use them all .. mix all of that with a long exiting single player campaing that takes you like 12-15 hours to complete Altho the survival mod was a bit disappointing :\ but you can play the game with all your upgrades and powers with the new game+ to give you double the excitement  ..(( if you ever saw this game on sale do not pass on it !! its worth every piny of your money ))
,Recommended,233130,13219327,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Dan,F*cksh*t simulator 2013
,Recommended,233130,8527066,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Your New Mama ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"This is the funnest game ever. Its gortasticly fun with an engine that allows you to keep slicing enemies. If your a fan of extremely bloody and gory games, or just an epic FPS, this is the game for you. I was expecting some bloody fun and i got loads of hilarity and awesomness. I highly suggest this game to anyone."
,Recommended,233130,12182037,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Huxley,"This game made my love FPS games once more. Very fast paced and well balanced gameplay, variety of guns, upgrades, skills and enemies to mess around with. Very easy to get into yet fairly hard to master.  This is what old school shooters should strive to be, it is a great game."
,Recommended,233130,13750892,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,verbotenland,A flaming bunny that screams death metal tried to murder me. Recommend.
,Recommended,233130,15099575,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,FromTheInternets,"Absolutely recommend this game. The gameplay is great, combat system is cool and the illustrated cutscenes are beautiful. The story is well written IMO, although I'm not really a story guy.The optimization is somewhat bad, but with some tweaks you get good frames and it still looks nice."
,Recommended,233130,13174353,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Fisho,Solid FPS including meelee combat. Add in variety of attacks and spells and you have a nice mixture of entertainment.
,Recommended,233130,9627097,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,theamericanalucard,Perfect blend of old school FPS action with Next gen visuals. 9 hours of FPS fun
,Recommended,233130,13535591,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,The Last Game Cube,Never played a game like this before but I like it.
76561198044494799,Recommended,233130,12102377,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,งู,"Probably best dismemberment in a game. Worth every penny, on sale or not."
,Recommended,233130,9943453,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Barf,It's pretty good
,Recommended,233130,12166809,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Cat Herder,"Shadow Warrior is a game that is unabashedly campy and crass. It's also the most fun I've had with a shooter in quite some time. The game controls great and it's definitely a change of pace from a lot of modern shooters; sprinting around with a katana or two machine guns is frantic and intense.It's fun, fast and definitely worth your time."
,Recommended,233130,8236234,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Barre baby 4 lyfe,Just played for an hour and its great! The hack and slash gameplay with the sword is extremely satisfying. Blowing things heads apart with the pistol extremely fun. PICK IT UP NOW WHILE ITS STILL $12.49. +the hotline miami sword is pretty cool -feels a little to demanding on my graphics card BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,233130,16692342,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,HODL,one of the most exciting action packed games ive played 9.9/10
,Recommended,233130,13503207,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mr. Meeseeks,"Very fun and satisfying sword play, and for the price, you get loads of entertainment out of this."
,Recommended,233130,9120877,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Jdopus,"This is a really good game.  The combat is meaty and satisfying, there's a nice variety of weapons and enemies and to top it off it also has a surprisingly good melee combat system and a nice sense of humour.  I'd heartily recommend Shadow Warrior, it's the best single player FPS I've played in quite some time."
76561197972351308,Recommended,233130,18430654,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Surf,"So far, I'm 6 hours in... and this game is awesome! Beautiful graphics, fun combat, and great humor!"
76561198111649369,Recommended,233130,18073439,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,┗(-_-)┛alejo ┏(-_-)┓,awesome  bloody-gore game!!absolutely worth it
76561198052372104,Recommended,233130,18062245,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,[NomaD],"Shoot...slash...kill like a badass bald ninja on steroids.So much fun and drive. Great charactes,  nice storyline."
76561198081202728,Recommended,233130,13790042,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Ceberus,"Great humour and gameplay to go with it, should you remember the pervious one this title will not let you down, for people new to this game - IT IS WORTH IT :)"
,Recommended,233130,18112672,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,SteppenWolf,Game is fun! It has some serious sam - painkiller vibe in it. Also it includes good sense of humor and design.. Get it !
76561198010550279,Recommended,233130,9642639,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,perenialeos,Stays true to the original the way the duke never could... LOVE IT!
,Recommended,233130,8110239,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,bad1080,"fast paced oldschool action, its tons of fun!"
76561197980618917,Recommended,233130,10856770,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Stryker,Take some aggresion out and cut some heads off. Slash some bodies up and shoot people in the dome. Great game if you just wanna kill stuff. Id give it a 7-10
,Recommended,233130,10498461,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,DsyelxicBob (´・ω・`),Killed a pair of fornicating rabbits. They transformed into Satan and tried to kill me while heavy metal played in the background. Would recommend.
,Recommended,233130,8222454,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,British Crumpet Man,"I played this masterpiece of a game with no knowledge of either the original or hard reset, and when i actually started playing i fell in love with the game by the first level. The combat is as satisfying as it is responsive and the katana's hit detection is probably the best i've ever seen in a video game (however special abilities are difficult to use at first), there is no weapon that you feel you won't like simply due to the fact that all of them have niche roles. The plot is interesting as well making mindless killing actually seem like your doing something meaningful however i won't talk too much about it due to spoilers. The game also has a surprisingly good sense of (especially considering the fact that the main character's name is essentially a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥joke). Lastly the world is absolutely beautiful (albeit it's no columbia from bioshock infinite)Dispite all of that however, the game has a few game breaking AI glitches (like enemies hiding behind cover forever in a place the player can't reach) that make it impossible to advance due to the ""kill everything to advance"" system that only works if it's well placed in games like castle crashers. Also as i mentoned earlier the abilities are hard to use at first due to minor control issues and the exploration can get pretty boring when you just want to kill everything in sight but there's nothing for you to kill. Another thing to note is the unbareable load times, it's worse than dead rising 2 in this respect.Overall i'd reccomend this game to anyone who likes good stories, mindless killing, non-serious games and good humour but can tolerate a few downsides that prevent this game being perfect"
76561197978014534,Recommended,233130,11553348,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,><(((°> Tilapia Slender,"Excelente jogo. Muitas piadas, biscoitos da sorte com frases mirabolantes e muita matança. Valeu cada centavo. Posso dizer com propriedade que é um ótimo jogo, pois tenho mais de 50 horas nela e tenho 100% das conquistas. recomendo mesmo."
,Recommended,233130,7928487,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,VeTaL,"Close weapons fighting is almost perfect. I expect to control the direction of strike with A/D.However, its still really cool: just one step before perfect."
,Recommended,233130,8442324,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Omnitude,"Holy Crap, This is one bloody amazing game!"
76561198072479880,Recommended,233130,10891430,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,XxTHUGxxN4STYxX,Utterly supprised at this game.+RPG elements+8-10 hour campaign+gameplay great shooting and melee comabt+Samurai sword+Story is either funny for you or really stupid+Great settting+Graphically goodNegatives-has plenty but its been 2-3 months since I played this game so I no remember.
76561198123055501,Recommended,233130,10927212,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,RazzYea,Good old hack n slash akin to serious sam
,Recommended,233130,994782,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,PremiumPils,"über oldschool Katana Fun. Healthpoints - Skills -Powers - Weapons - Slices - Humor - Bunnies - oldschool fun Level Design - awesome!but beware, not compareable to modern day stuff. SW has its own charm."
76561197970263414,Recommended,233130,9642648,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,system,"Short and fun game. Weapon and character upgrading included, lots of gore and funny one-liners. I like it, was worth the money."
,Recommended,233130,17820727,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Geese Is Leese,fun game did a speed run of it and its a great game to run but yeah 8/10 for reasons you will see in game
76561198163148477,Recommended,233130,13175439,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,MassSpecFella,"Fantastic game. Great graphics, great environments and level designs. Cool powers and guns which are all upgradable and have alt modes. Cool story. Possibly one of my favorite games eva!"
76561198006711557,Recommended,233130,17811456,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Melwach,"What I expectedI've been looking for a modern adaption of a fast paced, oldschool first-person shooter, comparable to Painkiller or Serious Sam.What I got+- Story: For a game of this niche the story is surprisingly entertaining. The basic idea: A man gets drawn into the conflict between demon lords and in pursuit of a legendary sword gets the power to not only save his world, but to also change the fate of their shadowy realm.There are a couple of nice looking comic sequences in which the background story is revealed piece by piece, where your sometimes a bit annoying companion becomes a more interesting character over time. Not bad!- Combat System: Fast and responsive. Melee is a big component and you unlock different swordstrikes over time. You have some magic spells (healing, stun, damage) and some enemies require different tactics.- Character System: You have three areas to improve; skills, magic and weapons. Each require a different currency to unlock. There certainly is some room for individual choices so it's not just a feature without purpose.- Presentation/Physics: Even two years after release, the game is still looking well enough. Enemies can be cut to pieces, burned or pushed away, some objects can be broken. The weapons feel strong and give a good impression of power in the game world.- Sound/Music: Just well made. Weapons and enemies sound good, music is decent - a few tracks with asian or jazz influence are even good. Can't complain.- Humour: It didn't make me break down laughing and did not send my sides into orbit. But still, the occasional Wang joke or light hearted comment was certainly good to keep the spirits high during the more repetitive moments of the game.- Hidden extras: Join the old-school fun when looking for the most inconspicuous places. Exploration is well rewarded with money (for weapons) and an XP like currency for skills. Contains some references to the original game aswell.- Difficulty: The highest setting ""insane"" felt just right for me as an experienced gamer. Enemies are dangerous and you have to be on your toes not to be surrounded my smaller minions or charged to death by the dreaded berserkers. Still, quicksave and the manual healing ability make every fight winnable. Even though you spend some time each fight just running away and healing yourself it still feels way better than those auto healing mechanics.+-- Weapons: Nothing really creative or particulary interesting. Katana, Revolver, SMG, Crossbow, Shotgun, Flamethrower, Rocket Launcher, Demon Heart, Demon Head. Each weapon can undergo at least one interesting change via upgrade.- Level design: Almost a negative point, if not for some beautiful places and those sometimes well hidden extras.Every now and then you re-visit areas that look very similar to other ones. Could be more diverse. Most fights have an arena like feeling where enemies are spawning until you've killed them all and the door to the next area opens.- Enemies: Nicely designed, some require special tactics. They get repetitive over time though. A plus are the big boss battles, although they all play VERY similar. Cool design though.- Characters: Not many interesting characters, which only develop over time. Doesn't take itself too seriously though, which avoids mindnumbing stereotypes.-- Repetitiveness: Consider this as a huge point. Some areas really feel drawn out, thanks to the arena fights and repetitive level design. There have been a couple of places where I was plain bored.- Bugs: I fell through the floor a couple of times and you can die when dashing down stairs. Minor annoyance.My perspectiveI've been pursuing this hobby since the mid 90s. My favorite genres are Strategy games, RPGs and (increasingly less) FPS. I also enjoy the occasional platformer, adventure or other indi game.I like competitive elements in online games, but without the social component of hanging out with friends I'd often prefer offline titles."
76561197977240877,Recommended,233130,8460450,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,gravemist10,Great game with fast action and tons of blood.
,Recommended,233130,8506020,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,MetaReal,The best sword/katana combat I experienced in a game. The first person view makes it visceral and immersive and the ki system is fun.I was unsure of the gory screenshots but the game has lots of humor for the joy of japanese demons slaying and spanking!My only regret is the lack of multiplayer as no other game have that kind of sword combat quality.Hopefully it’s successful enough to have multiplayer developpement in the future or see other developers push in that category.
,Recommended,233130,8945241,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,christo,"I know, this game is fairly different from the old one, but I think, it has the taste and I like it pretty much. Levels are detailed and interesting, and I like the skill system too, because it gives many features to the game. Shouldn't be missed."
,Recommended,233130,9023069,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Lukas,"Think of updates to old shooters, Duke Nukem Forever, DOOM3, and then actually make them good with an interestingly slightly-racist sense of humor.9/10 probably my favorite game of 2013."
76561198079934620,Recommended,233130,17597588,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Percy The Train,Slash bunny with katanadeath metal starts playingbunny turns black with demonic eyesbunny starts kicking my Butti give it 420/10 bunnys
76561198089612801,Recommended,233130,15706189,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Scythe7,Kick♥♥♥♥♥and chew bubblegum.
76561198036957454,Recommended,233130,8471959,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Daive,"A game with more under the hood than what it is credited for. Not only is it a blood and guts shooter swordplay hybrid, it is also a game which pays homage to the days of old, with games like Duke 3D and Serious Sam. Cheesy one liners, secret areas, half naked females, this game has everything that a veteran gamer could want. If you don't get this game for the nostalgia, get it instead for tight controls, well designed levels, good graphics and a stellar upgrades system. One of the best purchases I have made this year."
,Recommended,233130,8899064,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,beep,"A simple, yet fun action game. It's like Hard Reset if you've played that, except you also get a katana, which you'll probably end up using more than anything else because it's ♥♥♥♥ing badass.There is a level up skill system to make you stronger in multiple respects as well. Coupled with a very silly non-serious humor, Shadow Warrior is a lot of fun."
,Recommended,233130,8604615,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Down with the Sikhness,"Shadow Warrior is a first person shooter/hack and slash game that places you in the shoes of Lo Wang who is a contractor for the mysterious organization ruled by Zilla.If you enjoyed games like Skyrim or Dark Messiah but are annoyed by fetch quests, and would much rather go out and dice demons apart using a katana and ancient spirtual powers, then this is the game for you!The shooting elements is very reminiscent of Doom 3 and other retro FPS's (back when you can carry all weapons instead of a primary and secondary) and while I acknowledge that as a good thing, the level design leaves much to be desire, due to it being very repetitive and to be honest, quite bland at times.The humor in this game is something definitely that should be made aware of, as it the kind of kick♥♥♥♥♥here and drop F-bomb here while I♥♥♥♥♥♥down your neck. Amidst the tacky humor actually lies an intricate tale of Asian type mythos that may spark some interest in some players.I bought this game when it was on sale for $9.99 and I think it was money well spent. If the price was any higher I probably would've been more reluctant in purchasing this game."
76561198116734505,Recommended,233130,8319359,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Deckard,Fun Games with over the top humor .... nice for a little mindless game play... make sure you look everywhere as there are lots of hidden content (most of which are nods to other games) so keep your eyes out! (y)
,Recommended,233130,8188428,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Skorge,"Shadow Warrior is exactly as its promoted – an amazing old school shooter. The action is fast and doesn’t have the terrible boring automatic mechanics from new school shooters. Enemies are quick, tough, and painful. The enemies aren’t generic like the olden shooters. The demons in this game have multiple methods of death – Dealing with some is best if you shoot off specific limbs, others are best in melee range, and others are just best if you shoot them in the head.The best part is the melee combat – If you’re okay with double tap action combat, this game is a great Melee FPS. Oh if only Skyrim had the sword play as this game did."
,Recommended,233130,7346574,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,BelgianWiz,you like swords? play this game. you like guns? play this game. you like killing demons with swords and guns while the protagonist makes jokes about it? play this game.
,Recommended,233130,8513384,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,EnchaJini,"Devolver Digital - Make Amazing Games,  whether remakes of the originals or new content of their own.this game was amusing, funny, catchy kept me wanting to play i completed it in 11hrs 30mins give or take of time, since i was using this game as Content for my youtube channel Section ""Lets Play""the action was close to non stop.  if you like Serious Sam  games you'll Definitely Love this game. well worth the money.the Main Sword also has some Skins options in the HUD Section to add some extra play style."
,Recommended,233130,10178590,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,schouffy,Fun but repetitive ! 6/10
76561198008558744,Recommended,233130,13283566,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,iGn3oUs3nTiTy,"I tend to think remakes are the doodie but this game is pretty damn cool.  Cheesy dialogue, awesome melee combat, and pretty great visuals drive the story along for one of the best old school style experiences I've had in a while.  If you ever wanted to play as an asian dude named Lo Wang, collect statues, crystals, and pools of blood to upgrade your skill and powers while quartering every adversary you come into contact with on your quest for a sword, then this is for you.  Honestly, this game is worth full price but if it's on sale and you don't buy it, you're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  Not disabled.  ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,233130,13118442,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Supermynameisblah,"As you can see I have played Shadow Warrior for about 50 hrs for good reason, its fun as Hell. I have not played a game as bloody fun as this since Saint Row 4. I can't really fault anything in this game It's got amazing humour, fast paced shooting, fantastic katana mayhem, great music and It looks AMAZING, I literally haven't seen a game look this good on my computers specs ever. The only things that I can see that would make people dislike the game, is the humour which I personally love but I know there's some people who'd dislike it, and the rather repetitive story which I didn’t really pay attention to.I highly suggest this game to any fans of the old style FPS or FPS fans in general looking for a heap of fun, I thought it was the best shooter of 2013 in fact it was my favourite PC game of 2013. If I had a choice of every shooter out right now I’d play this one still in 2014."
76561198080229177,Recommended,233130,8224489,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,kock,9.75 out of 10                         bad stuffnot the best graghicslong load screensgood stufflong campaignfun gameplaygood humor
,Recommended,233130,13154837,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,ENVR,"Enter the Ninja II meets Duke Nukem—but really, really good. Recommended to heck if you like swords, swearing, and ninjas."
,Recommended,233130,13205983,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Tanya Degurechaff,"Enjoyed every second of this game. First game I've played all the way through in a few years. Think the last time was when The last of us came out come to think of it. Would highly recommend to those who enjoy gore, humor(not for all audiences mind you though), and just general hack and slash games. While the game is extremely linear, it has a lot of hidden items to find through the map, a sidekick who gives you crap every step of the way(very funny), and all the hack and slash gore you could ever want."
,Recommended,233130,11383022,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Fidchell,"Shadow Warrior is undoubtedly a breath of fresh air in the myriad of FPS games that have come out in recent times. You hardly use cover and must use the spacious environments to your advantage with your high-speed dodges and quick attacks. This game does nearly everything right. NEARLY. What it doesn't do right is a HUGE thing, unfortunately, and left a bad taste in my mouth in the end.Pros:+ The game looks great. To my knowledge, Flying Wild Hog isn't a huge triple-A company, so the amount of assets and how good they look is a real plus. Everything meshes together very nicely. Character models look good and the animations are very well done.+ The violence and gore is lovely.  Really satisfying to slice up, blast, and decapitate enemies in different ways.+ The story is nicely done. Even if my mind was usually rendered numb through all the fighting I had to go through, there was a semblance of a story and I think that it was told well enough.+ Good sense of humor. I got plenty of chuckles from this one, although some parts made me cringe admittedly.Cons:- The soundtrack was not all that memorable, but it fit into the game well enough. This is labeled as a ""con"" just because I would have preferred something more awesome through the mind-numbing gameplay I had to sit through.- This game is fun for the first few hours as more and more enemies are introduced to you. The thing is, at the 2/3 mark, the game takes a nosedive and thinks that throwing a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of bullet sponge enemies at you relentlessly for hours and hours will continue being fun. There was no more variety once the last of the enemies were revealed (this was around the 1/2 mark), and it was a massive hassle getting through the last chapters of the game. I was constantly praying that it would eventually be over. It dragged out its welcome.- To branch off the con above, the game is too long for the amount of derivative gameplay there is. Serious Sam 3 had a similar gameplay style to this one, but that game was the perfect length and spread out its levels into very interesting designs and introduced enemies at the perfect pace. It also had more fun weapons and co-op.Shadow Warrior is close to not being recommended, but there was obviously a lot of love put into this one, and I enjoyed it enough for the most part to where I think it skirts over the line. For anyone looking for a ""modern old-school"" title, I hope that you're one of the more hardcore ones. Maybe then you'll have a blast the whole way through."
,Recommended,233130,12241719,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Mr_FN_Zman,"Absolutely loved this game.  The different levels, while being similar were always enjoyable.  The story was fun, and the humor wasn't too over the top.  The weapons and upgrades made the game enjoyable as you moved on, and new enemies got harder while I kept progressing my character.  I give it 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,233130,12276854,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Memorix101,MEEEEEEELLLLEEEEEEEEEEEE AND TONS OF GORE ! <3
,Recommended,233130,11161054,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,／人◕ ‿‿ ◕人＼,"Shadow Warrior was a good game. An absurdly good game. I went into it expecting some decent combat and a really schlocky story full of bad referential humor. What I got was fantastic combat, a legitimately engaging story, and dialogue that was both natural and actually funny on its own right.Considering this is a reboot of a 90s campy shooter ala Duke Nukem, I'm really confused by how awesome it was. It's easily up there with my favorites now."
,Recommended,233130,11167238,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Lucretia,"It's rather a relief to find an old-school game that got rebooted and they didn't make a complete mess of it.  A lot of the gameplay style is fairly old-school ""keep-on-moving-and-don't-stop"" with fairly open levels (yes there is cover, but things like cars will work as much against you as for you if you're not careful), AI that isn't that intelligent (often comes straight at you and only tries to flank at the last moment) and generally not so secret secrets (providing you take the time to explore the whole map.)For the more modern player, you have the choice of whether/how to upgrade weapons, skills or even your katana abilities which gives quite a bit of flexibility in how you play. You can also use much of the scenery as a weapon e.g. roll barrels down a hill and shoot at them to make them explode or fire at abandoned vehicles to take out large groups at once.My biggest irritation is the inability to fathom what's safe and what's not as there seems no consistency in how scenery is treated. e.g. on some maps, you won't find secrets unless you go for a swim whereas on others if you dip one toe in the water it's instadeath. You'll find yourself dying an awful lot more than you should if you have an inquisitive nature as a result.As a player of the original I also miss the old Lo Wang accent, but the fact there are less of the cheesy one-liners is probably a good thing in this day and age. It's also more than made up for by the fortune cookies and their contents.The whole is something which is neither completely old or new and somehow manages to get away with being enough of both that it should appeal. Well worth a go if you haven't yet."
,Recommended,233130,11192623,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,ShadowAssassin,You can chop♥♥♥♥♥♥up and have awesome chi powers. This game also has a decent storyline.
,Recommended,233130,10820564,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Jimi,Hands down one of my most favorite games. I really enjoyed the ending too...
,Recommended,233130,11021805,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,「AshwellWeiss」,"The game Shadow Warrior is a great reboot of the 90's game, this game combines the Way of the Sword with Magical arts and Gunshooting together with the Oriental enviorment with Sakura trees.Furthermore the game itself has a great sense of humor with the funny Protagonist and the hilarious Fortune Cookies."
,Recommended,233130,9099289,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,UMBRA,"Old school FPS mixed with modern day graphics and a whole lotta Wang. Seriously, this game is addictive as hell, has a surprisingly detailed and complex story, and likeable characters. Also, a fairly long campaign, and with a spectacle fighter-esque scoring system and various upgrades, I can see replaying it again on a higher difficulty.A Wang in the hand is worth two in the bush."
,Recommended,233130,9226483,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,The Outworlder,"Seriously, this is the best straight-up shooter I've played in years for a whole bunch of different reasons. First, the running and gunning is top notch. All the weapons are fun and useful, though none moreso than the Katana, which makes the large rooms of monsters a blast to get through. Never once was I dreading another encounter with a horde of enemies like my outings in Serious Sam. Even the most ridiculously hard fights were absurdly fun. With the variety of enemies to fight, weapons, and special abilities that you unlock... there's nothing here that feels tacked on and useless.As an added bonus, the writing in this is way better than a straight-forward shooter deserves and the game so much better for it. The dialog is self-aware and genuinely funny. I legitamately cared about Lo Wang, a man who seems to actually enjoy the fact that his name is a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥joke, and his wise-cracking and contemptuous demonic partner in crime, Hoji. Seriously, Shadow Warrior should be used as a case-study on how to do everything right with narrative design in an action game.An excellent ride, through and through and I cannot recommend this enough to any fan of old school FPS or just FPS in general."
76561198133000956,Recommended,233130,12883223,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Danny-464,Amazing game couldn't be any better
76561198008302916,Recommended,233130,9139833,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,dirtyCAT,"Epic. Flying Wild Hog make the best FPS games out there at the moment. Hard Reset was a masterpiece and this game takes it to the next level. Katana sword play done how it should be. Slicing and dicing enemies is great fun, but the shooting is rock solid too. Traces of bulletstorm in there with the scoring system after each fight give this game instant replay value also. Highly reccomend if you are a fan of FPS games and want somehing refreshing."
,Recommended,233130,9628804,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,EpicHarbinger,"Didn't think I would like this game, got it in a Humble Bundle. Gave it a shot and loved it. Definitely worth the time just wait for a sale."
76561198033176102,Recommended,233130,16434462,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Denmoza,"I'm not really into first-person shooters anymore, but I gotta say that Shadow Warrior really rekindled my love for them. The combat is over the top and just fun, the weapons feel right instead of just pew~pew guns and that swordplay is just to die for.One of my favourite first-person shooters of all time. A must buy."
,Recommended,233130,9010890,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,FBtheUndeadLVwasAnAccidentThing,"Honestly one of the best single player games I've played in a long time. Lo Wang and Hoji evolve into fantastic characters, and the humor keeps everything light in a rather dark story. My only complaint is that enemies tend to get a bit tiring later into the game as there are only so many different enemies, and the number faced at one time just slowly increases at one point. The secrets add a nice classic touch to the game and the combat is just so satisfying. Would recommend to everyone"
,Recommended,233130,11187022,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Proxed,"This game deceptively makes you think its a one of the many common shoot em up hack and slashes. But turns into so much more as you progress through the game. The characters become deeper, the combat system becomes  better, and the story will keep you at the edge of your seat. Did I mention all of the secrets that are hidden throughout the levels? I highly reccomend this throwback title, it's a must-have."
,Recommended,233130,16526854,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Velve,"Bought it on sale, should've bought it for the full price / 10"
76561197972455651,Recommended,233130,13671570,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mousephase,DEATH METAL HELL BUNNIES!!! Enough said.
,Recommended,233130,13155423,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Diztrack,"WHAT THE F***!!!!  That was my initial reaction to this game when I first swung my Katana. If you can get past the utter relentless and brutal massacre that you are going to imposed upon the world, it's pretty much the best slasher with the pace that your heart goes into when you watch Adriana Lima strip tease for you in person."
,Recommended,233130,13673936,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Skoo,I found two bunnies having sex so I killed them both.One of them was reincarnated as a black demon bunny.Death metal started to play and the bunny proceeded to attack me.Most intense battle of my life.10/10
,Recommended,233130,13850451,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Mathusalem,gr8 game i rate 7/8 dank wank frank
,Recommended,233130,13533300,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Zeimaster,"I killed way too many people. You know that black suit Wang is wearing in the art work? It's red now, just like everything else he had on him. I give this game a bloodbath/10"
76561197970297854,Recommended,233130,13540027,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,sickBoy,"Overall Rating: 7/10Shadow Warrior is a very good FPS, combining solid gunplay with great melee combat. The heavy melee focus sets it apart from similar games like Serious Sam or the Painkiller series, while you try to keep your distance from enemies in most shooters, here you will seek close contact much more often.The levels are large and despite there being only one linear path to actually progress, there is always lots of secrets and pick-ups hidden in dark corners. Some might complain, that the lack of a mini-map or any kind of quest-marker makes it hard to know where to go sometimes, even when losing your way chances are high that you find at least something helpful or funny along the way.Fun is something the game emphasizes a lot, the story is light, but the dialogs present range from cheeky to hilarious. There are three main settings, and the graphics are still great, especially the lighting is impressive throughout. Some bad textures and a couple of boring industrial areas in the second act dimish the overall good visual impression.The only real downside to the game is the lack of enemy variety, since Shadow Warrior follows in Painkiller and Serious Sam’s footsteps of offering large scale battles and seemingly endless waves of enemies, there should be more enemy types to mix things up a bit better. As a result it is recommended to play this game not in long sessions but one or two levels a day. This way it keeps fresh and entertaining.Pro:- fantastic swordplay- good variety of useful guns- Full of pop-culture jokes- solid upgrade system- beautiful lighting and settingsCons:- not enough enemy variety- some boring levels- easy to get lost in the larger levels"
,Recommended,233130,13535374,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,HoaX,dialogue so far is  funnyalot easter eggsgraphics nice and game itself pretty goryone of the best sword fps ive played so farwish theres was a slo mo to slice them the way i want
76561198009893444,Recommended,233130,13548447,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Wezzor,"Shadow Warrior is jam-packed with epic fighting moves and fantastical powers, but you'll always find yourself being challenged. After the opening section of the game, weaker foes will fall before you with ease, but their tougher comrades aren't going to let you off the hook. However, this can be both a blessing and a curse.Constantly challenging enemies serve an important purpose in gaming: they keep the difficulty from dropping so low that the game ceases to be interesting. At the same time, however, this can lead you as a player to feel like you're never improving as you progress. Shadow Warrior unfortunately falls into this category from time to time. New sword techniques will always look and feel impressive when you first learn them, but eventually it will start to seem as though your enemies are shrugging them off with little effort.Similarly, the gun combat sometimes feels downright neglected compared to the swordplay. There are weapon upgrades and a few relevant skills, but the absence of anything resembling gun-kata makes firearms feel like somewhat overgrown support tools rather than their own beasts.Despite the above criticism, however, Shadow Warrior is still a greatly entertaining experience. Although the guns aren't as interesting as the sword, few games allow you to slice and shoot quite as fluidly as this one."
,Recommended,233130,7330360,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,Hopna,"Finally a game that offers old-school gameplay and does it right. The combat feels great, the graphics look pretty nice, very good atmosphere and the game is actually quite long. This is how sequels/prequels should be done."
76561197970034730,Recommended,233130,13733680,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,BlindOne,"Loved it,Classic old school shooter with some modern bells and whistles.  Excellent dose of nostalgia combined with nice graphics and good animation, Well executed and kept me entertained throughout.Not the longest game in the world but having bought it on a steam sale i still got the better end of that bargain in my eyes, NG++ mode also adds a bit of fun replayability.Weapons feel fun and over the top, nice sword play for the unusual touch.Oh and the blood, haha yeah lots of blood, all over your face and clothes, yep yep.Ohhh classic secrets, again nostagia, love a full on homage to the good old days through the rose tinted glasses of time.Hmm biggest negative i can think of is the boss encounters, not really much thought gone into them, but still, diddnt make me switch off and well executed, and fits in with the traditional style i guess... meh..Put simply this game adds nothing new to the genre, and does it well with juvinile witty old school feel...... Whats not to like !!!"
,Recommended,233130,13896272,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Queenie,"While it is fairly Linear this Remake still keeps the spirit of the origonal intact with Fast Brutal Combat, a fairly lengthy campiagn, Funny dialouge and very presentable graphics."
,Recommended,233130,13907349,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,cm.anas,Never played a better game. (Y)
,Recommended,233130,13757387,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,MarvelousAQL,This is like Serious Sam in Japan. and yet there are many many enemy encounters!
,Recommended,233130,13851681,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Gilles.of.Augustine,"There are already a *lot* of good reviews out for this game, so I'm going to limit this to a bullet point list of think are the most important or that I didn't see mentioned in other reviews:-A fun cast of characthers. This game isn't going to win awards for deep and nuanced characters any time soon, but as far as clever dialogue and witty banter go, this one's a winner.-The swordplay in this game is what the combat in all of the Elder Scrolls games SHOULD have been, but wasn't. Your katana isn't just for when you run out of ammo - it's as useful and verstaile a weapon as any of the projectile weapons at your disposal.-This game isn't just for b-movie fans with a love for crude humor and blood. The humor may *look* kind of sophomoric and racist out of context, but the game has very smart writing and it's willing to poke fun at itself. Most of the jokes in the trailers that seem crude or insensitive are actually, when viewed in context, a meta-commentary on the very humor the game it utilizing.-The pop culture humor is perfect. It's clever and gives you sense of shared culture with the protagonist, rather than being heavy-handed and making you feel like you're being pandered to. It's Dungeons of Dredmor humor (hooray!), not Randal's Monday humor (blech).-If you buy it at $40, you're getting your money's worth. If you manage to find it discounted to $5 like I did, you're basically stealing $35 of fun."
,Recommended,233130,13856859,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,NixAlaister,"Loving this game! Loads of fun, I would definitely recommend it!"
,Recommended,233130,13591318,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Solid :D,This is so much fun to play!
,Recommended,233130,14718252,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,EradicateSanity,"Blood, Gore, lots of dismemberment, and worth every hour i put into it."
76561198056381396,Recommended,233130,15397185,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Ace of Aces,"Alright, give Duke Nukem an autistic weeabo cousin, and you have Lo Wang, the protagonist in Shadow Warrior. Wielding a katana for the sole purpose of delicately removing limbs from bodies is apparently his only goal in life. Spouting one-liners that could make even the Duke himself cringe, he hacks his way through 17 gratuitously gory levels of fun.9/10"
,Recommended,233130,9763005,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Zi Prophet,"In short, you are a Japanese gangster nerd who obtains powers from a spirit (Who follows you around making wise cracks) to destroy the hell on earth that arrives for a ancient enchanted sword that can kill a god(s). Have fun, I know I did. Also, you will have fun."
,Recommended,233130,8259491,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,【dutchbaka】,"This is one of the most fun games I've played in a long time. Shifting around the battlefield slicing up enemies with a magic katana couldn't have been executed better than in this game, though I wished there was more enemy variety. The game has lots of guns too, but aside from the revolver I don't find them that enjoyable.Graphically, the game is pretty good too, but it does lag in big areas with lots of enemies (although this is just my old computer hissing).There's lots of easter eggs and secrets, and after every battle you will be rated on how original/good it was, so there's enough to do for the completionist.Soundwise, it's pretty normal for a game. Somehow you can hear bullets impacting in enemies that are a hundred meters away, and other sounds are nothing special.Overall, I recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of shooters like Serious Sam and anyone who likes games with swords, like Chivalry or even Skyrim. The katana is one of the most fun weapons I've used in any game ever.My rating: 8/10"
76561197970917549,Recommended,233130,8278825,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,jsteward,"This reboot of the classic Shadow Warrior was a blast to play, and I found the storyline and wise-cracking Lo Wang to be thoroughly enjoyable.  As a long time (old) gamer, I really enjoyed the secrets and homage to some of the classic FPS games.  Highly recommended."
76561197987734306,Recommended,233130,9697588,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,OoOoOoooOOoOoorgle,"Perfect blend of retro and modern.  If you're a fan of the old school shooters (before DNF ruined that scene), you'll love Shadow Warrior.Gratuitous violence, tongue-in-cheek references, and well-crafted environments abound.Both gunplay and swordplay feel fluid and precise, and combat is very gratifying on the higher difficulties.Upgrades, secrets, and level scores add to replayability and for this genre it's already on the longer side.Really can't stress enough how insanely fun the gameplay is, and Wang is every bit the character that Duke has failed to be.Devolver and Flying Wild Hog really applied ""the touch"" to this one."
,Recommended,233130,10039363,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Agent 37,"One of the most fluid FPS I have ever played in a long time. The sword combat is fluid, and cutting someone in half has never been so fun. The game keeps you interested by giving you the option to learn new skills, allowing for some epic moves. Even though there are guns in this game I hardly use them as the katana is just awesome.The graphics are also gorgeous. The maps look realistic, and the lightning is very well done. Because of the fluid controls, the beautiful graphics and the awesome audio this game will immerse you from start till end. An absolute must-buy for any fps gamer, or just for any gamer in general."
76561198010325436,Recommended,233130,9758396,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,PwnedbyBorat,"BOOM BANG SLASH.... WITTY, FUNNY, Beautiful, gory as ♥♥♥♥, great game... be sure to pick it up... especially if it ever goes on sale.  would highly reccomend to any gamer!"
76561198096615719,Recommended,233130,13982877,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Lewykk,"Good sides+ Awesome controls, I could play it on PC with great feeling+ Action, action, action!+ Music is decent, same as other sounds+ References to oldschool Shadow Warrior.+ This game got specific humorBad sides- feels repetive as hell- storyline is blank... ah, who cares about storyline when playing H&S though?"
76561197972225375,Recommended,233130,15299007,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,The Elliott,"Awesome game, old style slasher love it..."
76561197998832178,Recommended,233130,15301678,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ,"Best FPS I've played in a long time. There is no multiplayer, but the campaign is stellar. Plays like an FPS from late 90's-early 2000's, but with modern functions (sprinting, leveling/character building, etc).Combat is phenomenal - between your katana, ki powers, pistol, SMG(s), crossbow, shotgun, flamethrower, rocket launcher, and demon bits (yes, you use pieces of demon as weapons. yes, it's as awesome as it sounds), combat is varied and exciting. There are probably an infinite number of ways you can approach any fight. The swordplay is pretty great - the lack of a parry  is a slight downer, but the ki powers make up for it.The dialogue is drop-dead hilarious. Lo Wang's one-liners never get old, and the constant banter is what really gives this game its personality (IMO).The story might be linear with not too many surprises, but if you can get by that and take this game for what it is (a throwback to late 90's shooters) you will enjoy yourself.This is my first review ever, and until now I hadn't planned on writing one ever. Even at 10 hours (mine went a little longer after a bunch of avoidable deaths) for a playthrough, if I never played it again I think it's worth your money (or more, if you catch on a 75% off sale like I did)."
,Recommended,233130,13429606,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,NewStorm,Full of BLOOD       Full of FUN!!!!!
76561198113873822,Recommended,233130,16491042,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,meep,Yes.
,Recommended,233130,16496929,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Satanic6Panda6,Lots of wang.
,Recommended,233130,16485308,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,jeffrman777,"Nothing too spectacular, but it's all solid and good fun, definitely get this on a sale."
,Recommended,233130,9645037,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,TimeRaider,Awesome oldschool-style shooter with kick♥♥♥♥♥weapons and a freaking katana! And pretty funny one too.
,Recommended,233130,16662951,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mr. Grifter,Bought it for the badge. Stayed for the swordplay.
,Recommended,233130,16701148,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Nokashe,"picked his little bad boy up in the summer sale, not knowing what i was getting myself into, what i ended up getting into was an awesome game with a really good story and funny character. all in all great game"
,Recommended,233130,16286319,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,MR. CoCo,LOVE IT!a must have!
,Recommended,233130,16320869,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Legoz,THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING! A TRUE CLASSIC WITH TODAYS STANDARDS! <3 <3 3D REALMS IS BACK!
76561198095148326,Recommended,233130,16323751,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,sycz666,awesome game... i enjoeyed it. even as a fan of the old one.
76561198076810058,Recommended,233130,16308719,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,2nd Amendment,You want some Wang?
,Recommended,233130,16344417,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,lockpick_,'Stan Bush - You Got The Touch' theme from The Transformers: The Movie (1986) in the prologue. Instarecommend.Plus nostalgic bonus.
76561198062447972,Recommended,233130,14222783,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Soracool72,"Flying wild hog has done a great job on remaking this game and the result are absolute astonishing, beautiful game, fun. The jokes are funny, The gameplay are remarkable. Enjoying it every pieces of the game. quiet amount of easter eggs. The storyline was written beautifully, I love the usage of Japanese settings and themes. Heads up to the developer, looking forward to Shadow Warrior 2."
76561198024821508,Recommended,233130,16390392,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,streaks_art,"Another good FPS. Interesting melee combat, skills, and powers. (+)Typical ranged weapons. (=)Main character and supporting character are interesting. (+)The ending of the backstory is...oh the drama. (++)"
,Recommended,233130,18077720,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Zod,"A great FPS, with the only downside of not having a multiplayer option."
,Recommended,233130,18111606,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Cani Terrae,"This game is so classic in its difficulty level I haven't played it for over a year.  But, it's still installed, why?  Because it's fantastic!  Between shredding enemies with bullets, and cutting them apart with a katana, you'll find yourself a true smooth operator.  Until the demonic hordes of Shintoism unleash their giants and demigods to eviscerate you and burn you to a crisp with laser eyes.Very difficult, very fun, very worthwhile.  I'm still stuck on a bossfight."
,Recommended,233130,18051409,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Moon,"Lo Wang is the Shadow Warrior!Pros1. Demon Slaughtering!2. Good Story Line, Will keep you interested in the game!3. Perks and Upgrades for Lo Wang and his weapons.4. More Demon Slaughtering!5. Beautiful Graphics6. Easy controls for Katana skillsCons1. Can be a bit repetitive.2. Sometimes you'll get lost in the game.3. Dealing with the giant demons can be annoying.4. Looking for things is a bit tediousThoughts:I've always loved Swordplay games! By far, Shadow Warrior is one of the best and my favourite. Choppin up Demons and Dudes to bits like fruit ninja... lol.  I haven't noticed any flaws for dissapointements in the game yet, besides levels being a bit repetitive. The huge demons can really♥♥♥♥♥♥you off sometimes too.Overall, It's really a game that won't let you don't. I happen to grab it on sale for $4.00 heeheehee...."
,Recommended,233130,8607081,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,[Epic!]killy,"Really nice game. I didn't enjoy playing a shooter so much in a really long time. And THE sword...is epic:DOne of the best games of 2013, i recommend it."
,Recommended,233130,8425694,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Deith,"♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan pretty fast. I like the combat but the closer to the end, the more ♥♥♥♥♥tormy it gets, you don't get to enjoy full on combat because you're forced to abuse game mechanics especially when fighting those blue-crystal monsters with red point on their back. It's a cool mechanic but come on, you can't enjoy killing anyone because you have to always be aware of them charging you. And the classic mistake of giving you the coolest guns to enjoy for like a minute and it's done. The progress in games should give you cool mechanics and toys half or 2/3 of the game through so you can enjoy the time with them, here - sadly - it's not the case. It's a really good game tho, one of the best combat systems in modern games."
,Recommended,233130,9670153,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,my dad is car,"you are not a warrior made of shadows but some chinese dude, misleading title, 5 stars"
,Recommended,233130,11062454,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Dude Supreme,You got the touchYou got the powaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh YEAH
76561198034306037,Recommended,233130,10876646,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,strangecreture,"Very fun with a nice, old-school, doom or wolfenstein feeling."
76561197965205931,Recommended,233130,8211436,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,digidomo,"I was expecting a fun shooter...What I got was a well designed game with silly humour, interesting weapons, upgrades and really epic boss battles. A really fun experience overall! A definite recommendation from me!"
76561198113639335,Recommended,233130,13155760,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Morty c138A,Awow So Cool! Katana all the way. Guns is OP! Good game and funny!
76561198099465915,Recommended,233130,19313176,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,otterlord,u should play this
76561198022288553,Recommended,233130,13974967,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Atulka,"I LOVE IT.True  heritage for exelent nostalgic first part.Great fun, if u like slashing thrughout hundrets of demons with ur katana, - this game is for you.hummor is very good also.The only kinda down side is that few times i did get lost on levels, but hey its exectly how we did it back in the days.Remember Hexen for example :)************* i give 13 stars.Next thing would be aweson is multipleyer."
76561198067851126,Recommended,233130,9556999,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Dread Baron Beardly,I am not an FPS guy since the the original Shadow Warrior came out so this wasn't high up on my buy list. I had heard good things though and so bought it when it was on sale. All I can say is WOW... this game is awesome. The comedy doesn't cheapen it at all (Duke Nukem you should have taken notes) and the environments are absolutely incredible. I love just roaming around the beautiful landscapes.Plus.. you murder demons with a katana... come on. What is cooler than that?
,Recommended,233130,13622865,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,doing the obvious,"Unapolgetically racist overtones and jokes? Check. Baffingly awful one-liners spouted by the protagonist? Check. Story exists solely to be ignored? Check. Brain rotting hack-and-slash, shoot everything up to bits fun? Check.So exactly like it's predcessor in almost every way. Don't get me wrong. That's a very good thing. Also the redone and vastly better katana play is a very welcome upgrade over it's predecessor.I give it eight out of ten Racist Stereotypes!"
,Recommended,233130,17588008,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Stoian,this was one of the most beautiful game that I ever played....congrats...this was really nice.
,Recommended,233130,19665527,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,mothski,"The reboot of the original Shadow Warrior is a pretty solid fps, but funny enough I didn't find the shooting part as much in fact I found using the sword so much fun that I hardly used any other weapons. Using the sword the game might get really easy, it's kind of overpowered due to the healing and dashing which gives you great sustainability.The game is fast and dynamic, it's the core of what makes the gameplay so enjoyable, but it has some really horrible fights like boss fights and the bigger fights which are more of a chore then fun when you have to deal with too much stuff and you're not actually dying or even near death, you just keep using the same routes to evade and damage the monsters until you kill them all. It also has a kind of regenerating health, even though you have to activate it you'll still find plenty of time while disengaging to heal yourself. It heals you to like 60%(?) of your health but that is already plenty when you also include in the healing from your sword skills.I'd recommend playing this game on the hardest difficulty available (should be insane) because it's really not that hard, as I mentioned above you have enough sustainability to survive most fights or even to not get hit at all. But you definetly should set it to the lowest on the bossfights because of how boring they are.Also don't mind the story, it takes itself too seriously, it would've been just fine being the cheesy way it was before. Even excluding that the plot is really mediocre. And it's also trying too hard on the jokes, most of them are really not that funny, it's the wrong kind of cheese. The devs should definetly rewatch '80-'90 flicks to refresh and improve that in the next game."
,Recommended,233130,13535473,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,PugChampion☠,Do you love absolutely adore sliceing limbs off of people and demons bodys? ....well get this right ♥♥♥♥ing now then!
,Recommended,233130,13803905,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,chairbender,"Took me about 9 hours to beat this game on normal difficulty.Overall, this is now one of my favorite action games. It's like a fun version of Red Steel. It's also somewhat similar in feel to Bulletstorm (and others have made that comparison), but I found it to be more fun than Bulletstorm primarily due to the sword-based and fluid combat.It's fun-ness comes primarily from the responsive, fast-paced, empowering gameplay. You quickly discover, right from the start of the game, how powerful all of your attacks are against the scores of enemies you encounter (unlike other action games where enemies just soak up damage). Also, the way the sword works is very satisfying - I can't think of a more fun implementation of first-person melee combat. Combined with the cool powers, it makes for a very over-the-top, violent, but pleasantly challenging game.Also, you would normally expect an action game to skimp on the writing, voice acting, and overall story, but this game provides humorous and ocasionally thoughtful writing and voice work and presents an interesting and unique story.I definitely recommend this if you know you like action / FPS games. It's kind of a hybrid because you can use a sword and guns, but you'll probably end up enjoying it if you like either."
76561198045791126,Recommended,233130,23321676,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Tom Thrusterman,"Great swordplay, good balance, interesting story and art-direstion of cinematics, if only the shooting mechanics were a little bit better, then it would be perfect!"
,Recommended,233130,13153431,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Mr.Pie BSc,"Shadow Warrior is one of those games that didn't catch my interest well enough for me to buy it when it came out. I can't believe it took me this long until i finally saw it on the steam sale and said to myself ""£2...not bad. Let's do this"" I install this, launch the game and i am greeted with the well known song 'Stan Bush - You got the touch' which immediatly brings back memories of me re-watching The Transformers movie for the billionth time.Anyway. You are Lo Wang. Or as he likes to call himself ""Mr. Two Million Dollars"", you had this one simple job. Get the sword and give the money, but the owner doesn't want to part with it. Maybe he has developed some intimate emotions with it. I dont know...one minute i'm standing in front of all these gang members and the next i'm slaughtering them into pieces, literal pieces that slowly fall off from each other. Think Resident evil laser room scene. This was cool as♥♥♥♥♥♥The game progresses as you find that your boss (Zilla) is trying to find 2 swords, one of which you now possess and the others being elsewhere and these all link in with a Demon Realm and how the 3 swords combined are the only thing that can kill the Ancient Gods. So with the help of the dementia ridden Demon known to you as Hoji you go from environment to environment. Looking for whisperers who can hold the swords (demons can't hold the swords as it will kill them) The whisperers are mechanical beings that are powered by memories that are sacrificed by Ancients and as they are roboty they are not affected. That's pretty much it, find the girl whisperers, kill them and combine the swords for that perk and to get one stop closer to kicking an Ancient Gods♥♥♥♥♥ Wang style.The combat works suprisingly well, there was some worrying at the beginning as to how i'm going to remember all the moves but eventually you're locking down combos like it's Tekken (or streetfighter if that's more your thing) Want to sexually touch your sword so you can whip a blade ki slash to decapitate your enemies? Doubletap 'S' and hold RMB. Want to immobilize the enemies infront of you? Then Doubletap S and hold LMB. It's very easy to use. You have RMB for sword attack based movies and LMB for Ki based movies such as healing, throwing enemies up in the air, pushing them back and such.One thing that i did find irritating was how secrets were tied into upgrades and perks. I didn't want to be held back in unlocking the upgrades simply because i didn't find that Ki crystal behind those boxes that have to be slashed. I mean, the first time you came upon the Ki crystal, it wasn't even the path you were supposed to take to your mission! It does however change the way you play the game, making you look in every nook and cranny and slashing maniacally at those poor boxes to get that small statue.Lo Wang came off as a serious♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in fact. I think he was just born an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ from beginning to end and his transition from ""I'm so full of it"" to ""He's my friend and i'm going to help him"" was very quick that i suddenly thought i was playing as someone else! He's quick witted as intended by the developers but man were his jokes corney. I loved them!Shadow Warrior would have been my most favourite FPS if i had played it back in 2013. It's a shame it took me this long to finally get around to playing it, it was worth every penny and i really do recommended it.By the way, if you find two rabbits getting it on. Please don't kill them, that male rabbit will not be pleased... ♥♥♥♥ing demons...*grumble grumble*"
,Recommended,233130,8680035,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,DadBlastIt,This is one of the best games I've played in years. Very fun.
,Recommended,233130,20714461,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,TripleHelix935,"This is how modern games should be. The attention to quality and detail is astounding, the combat is amazing, the whole game is great.best $10 i've spent in years"
76561197995230549,Recommended,233130,20510645,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Zhen,"This game really came as a big surprise to me! Bought in on a  steam sale and  decided to try it. One of the best fps  I've played in years! Really good transition  between using guns and the katana, really fun powers and smooth action all around. Good story aswell! I didn't think I would enjoy the main character  as much as I did, since I though initially he was a little bit wonky. But it all  delivered in the end =)"
76561198027245517,Recommended,233130,27802235,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,dr8en,"A very good first person shooter. It has almost everything for a first person shooter of this kind. Fast paced action, gore, a variety of enemy types coming against you in hordes, many weapons to dispatch the aforementioned enemy hordes, boss fights, mini-boss fights, weapon upgrades, skills, collectibles, humor and a sad ending.No vehicles.Do not expect a breathtaking, jaw-dropping story, but at least  you will not get bored right away."
,Recommended,233130,13527673,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Rodger,"Who wants some Wang?Pros:Good GraphicsExcellent GameplayGreat PaceGreat choice of options.Rabbits still have sex.Cons:Humour has kind of dried out, the original guy was an over-saturated stereotypical Strong-Bad chinese guy, but this one a tad less over the top."
,Recommended,233130,14037412,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,SteeL,Nice game for couple evenings. Classic FPS with katana!
,Recommended,233130,9773710,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Hi Nigerrr ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Very fun gameplay, the variety of moves keeps the fun and makes you feel like a cool swordsman. The story is lacking, and the protagonist can get hateable with his cheesy oneliners."
,Recommended,233130,28986630,Posted: 3 January,all,Cravey,I started this game to learn the lore as quickly as I could before jumping into Shadow Warriors 2 but I quickly fell in love with the characters and the story. Hoji and Lo Wang both work well together and create a very humurous and enjoyable playthrough.
76561197990460808,Recommended,233130,14272513,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Razor,"An unexpectedly good FPS. Well-made good looking game. More of a ""Doom""-like experience, i.e. high on action, but low on story.Pros:Action (looks good and plays well)Witty Dialogue (good writting throughout game)Japanese setting (something that sets it apart from other FPS games)Voice acting (I had to get used to the character Hoji's voice--your sidekick--but ended up liking his voice as well.Cons:Secrets (encourages to explore every nook and cranny of a map to find money to upgrade weapons)Battle score and Karma (After killing all the enemies in a zone, you are scored. You are encouraged to get a higher score to get more karma as a reward, which you then use to upgrade your powers. No matter what I tried, I couldn't figure out what maked your batte score go up.)Boss fights (your typical ""hit their weak point"" boss fights)"
76561198054062443,Recommended,233130,14493149,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,jwrath,One of the best games I have ever played!
,Recommended,233130,14250005,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,champion de foot,oi m8 i heard you like jokes and blood and gut and kind of aliens and micheal bay and kill bill and playing with your wang.8/8 would r8 again
,Recommended,233130,13582811,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ObeseSausage,10 Wangs out of 10 lol.
,Recommended,233130,23267484,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Primed Betch,Flesh
76561198095225331,Recommended,233130,13777158,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,mario.shroomington,Saw 2 bunnies having sexKilled the one on topBottom turned into a demon bunny with heavy death metal playing in the backgroundRipped my face off11/10 best farming simulator 2k15 - IGN69/10 are we doing it right? - Yahoo games
,Recommended,233130,12230133,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,lc,"Es un Hack n' Slash en primera persona, gráficas que te empalagan los ojos, y es un reboot de un FPS que fue uno de los fundadores de su genero. ¿Qué mas tengo que decir?"
,Recommended,233130,7977560,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,[MLM] MeingroessterFan,"I've gotta be honest, the game wasn't really what I hoped it would be. I thought it would follow a similar design philosophy like the original did, with a labyrinthian level design, ammo and enemies splattered across it, and with nice secrets. Instead, we get wave-like enemy hordes, and the secrets are... well... not THAT secret. The game could've used a bit more variety, but the gameplay as it stands is pretty darn solid and fun. The environments look great, the music is pretty good, you can cut demon heads off... there's a lot of good stuff to it. Its not what I hoped it would be, but its good for what it is."
76561198061872190,Recommended,233130,22078668,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,ixcaliber,"This game doesn't take its self too seriously, Its just fun shooter game. I'd go as far to say its one of the best stress releaving games out there. Would recommend playing it.A-"
76561197978695376,Recommended,233130,22849936,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,[ATP]ponkeydunch,"Don't know anything about this series, but what a great game. Exactly what I was in the mood to play."
,Recommended,233130,22896225,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Raven [RHG],"well... this game...it has humorit has goreit has swordsit has gunsit has deamonsAND it has a decent storyit has taken me 14 hours to complete the story of this game and i have enjoyed every second of it. not many games have a story that has taken so long to complete - most just make it to half that (7hrs for those that cant do maths XD )unfortunately the game doesnt have any form of multiplayer - would be good to be able to go all ninja on some people but ah well. and that is my only con.i was half expecting the game to just be a hack and slash game all the way through - yeah it is kinda but there are challenges you have to overcome (for example - finding your way) there is no form of on screen navigation (some blood trails on the floor may point you in a general direction but its not somthing you can rely on) and you have to level Lo Wang up accordingly to give you the advantage in the fights.there are many types of deamons - some mele, some long ranged, some flying, some fast, some slow, some that are suicidal and blow up, some that are massive. and some that are small (kill a few rabbits and you will find out what i mean)Oh yeah... theres those that are just a straight up ***** too ;)all in all i would reccomend this game to my friends - just needs a multiplayer (or co-cop) and it would be 10/10as it stands.9/10"
76561198074574858,Recommended,233130,19363962,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,porkrill,Amazing fpsAmazing sense of humour
,Recommended,233130,22841571,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Whiskers,"The gameplay is repetetive but the swordplay is too enjoyable for that to be a problem. The boss fights feel too bland, too open and similar to each other and can be boring. The game is worth pushing through those boss stages though.I wish Flying wild hog developed Duke nukem forever, because then it might not have been such a failure.Got this game on sale for £4, don't regret it even though the DLC wasn't worth it."
76561198013587932,Recommended,233130,22839821,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Hitsky,"3,49 in special offer is a theft for a game of this high quality.. so i suggest you fill your pockets before its too late.New Shadow Warrior is a refreshing first person shooter loaded with trashtalk, blood, bodyparts, guns and some actual tragedy.. Games like Shadow Warrior are usually all about shooting, hacking, kicking and nuking your way through hordes of enemies while the actualy story remains mediocre at best, but the story wasnt actually all that bad one for this game and both gun and swordplay are excellent.Lo Wang feels like younger version of the original one and while voice acting doesnt reach the epicness of old Duke Nukem and original Shadow Warrior which both have the benefit of nostalgia, it is still high quality and absolutely loaded with grim and/or stupid jokes.I absolutely recommend this game and its well worth its selling price.. and as said, special offer price is a theft done by you.Ps. Be aware.. bunnies are DEADLY! Dont upset them."
76561198246659966,Recommended,233130,22827220,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,adrianloera,Didn't think I would like it this much. Just 5 minutes into it I already loved it.
,Recommended,233130,7374652,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Data⚡age,"There are a lot of reasons to hate the ""corridor"" FPS games of today. Shadow Warrior gives you everything you loved about old school FPS mechanics, and none of the modernized immersion crap you see in titles like Call of Duty or Battlefield. The game is faithful enough to the original formula to make you say ""holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is nostalgic"", but doesn't copy it outright to the point of being bland. The pure chaos, fun and hilarity of melee combat is unmatched in anything else put out by developers today, and the satisfaction of blowing up cardboard boxes with your shotgun only to reveal a hidden area with goodies and/or collectibles is something that is sorely missing from games these days in general. Get this game, dammit. You know you want some WANG!"
,Recommended,233130,22051877,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Baron von Arthur,"Simply put, it's one of the best classic shooters turned modern. Probably even the best. It has all the humor, all the violence, all the absurdity, all the offensive material of a classic FPS turned modern and it is fantastic. I'm just going to jump straight into the pros and cons instead of gushing about how much I enjoy this game.+ Great graphics+ Fun gameplay+ The right amount of challenging+ No mutant health regeneration+ Feels very classic and nostalgic+ Humor+ Violent in an artistic way+ The soundtrack+ Interesting story+ All the weapons+ Upgrades+ Different swords to dismember enemies with+ Call backs to the classic original+ A very long game well worth your money+ Offensive humor, but...- ... May be a bit too offensive at times- Animations can be iffy on rare occassion"
,Recommended,233130,20619448,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,R0GUE,"Great game! The mechanics were smooth and the sword (and magic) works well with this genre. The combos got frustrating at times, but I got used to them. The other weapons weren't great, but I really only needed them for larger enemies and bosses, and the customizability was okay. However, the most pleasant part of this game was the story that slowly crept in. At the beginning, the game seemed like Duke Nukem with a sword, but by the end there was some actual drama (and dare I say character development). Looking forward to the sequel."
,Recommended,233130,8316091,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Mass,"Such an underrated product. This application has it all. Humor, gore, fun and responsive game mechanics. It's well optimised, which a lot of games fail to be these days and to top it of, it looks great!"
76561198116288406,Recommended,233130,14361377,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Djeesas Godlike,"This game offers lot of action with good graphics and not a bad story. Especially it's very enjoyable, thanks to the variety of weapons and easy usage of diffrent special abilities. The game plays very fluently with lots and lots of action, explosives and gore! I highly recommend this game to the ones who like non skripted shooters old school style."
76561197971582031,Recommended,233130,27777651,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BitingSarcasm,"I played the original game, I expected this one to have the same over-the-top action and cheeky humor.  I got what I wanted there.  What I did not expect is to have an actual story that played out through in-game dialog with Lo Wang's demon companion.  Without spoiling anything, I can say that I genuinely cared about the way the story played out.  I don't often call shooter well-crafted, but this one has good writing, good voice talent, and strong gameplay.  Totally worth it."
,Recommended,233130,33112396,Posted: 1 July,all,HolyQuebec,Finally i can blow up cars by hitting them with my katana 10/10
76561198093936067,Recommended,233130,22969513,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,FAM,"This game has everything,Fighting, original storyline, survival modes and giant bossesOnly problem would be the repedative fighting against demonsOtherwise one of the best games I've ever played"
76561198041421900,Recommended,233130,21164326,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Nozgame,"Gameplay is awesome, graphics are sexy, Lo Wang's & Hoji's humour, the fortune cookies, a ♥♥♥♥ing katana and thousands of demons to slay. Buy this game because it's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.Buy it.Now."
,Recommended,233130,25872404,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,LoS | phantomvizgod,"""You Got the Touch, You Got the Power!""That is a good description of this amazing game. Amazing gameplay and action complemented by a badass protagonist. I would highly recommend it to anyone whether you want to play it in 1 go or play a few chapters a day. Thoroughly enjoyed every moment of it."
76561198067397190,Recommended,233130,31983489,Posted: 26 May,all,Eap123,Makes Asia great again.
76561198049938709,Recommended,233130,13504152,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,sandman,What this game is:- A new FPS with many great old school elements.- An excellent reimagining of the classic title.- Loads of fun.- Probably the best FPS of 2013.
,Recommended,233130,33128605,Posted: 2 July,all,ターニャ・フォン・デ,"Best game i have played in years!! And the best part of the game is not the good history, or gameplay or anything like that, it is that u can finde 2 white rabits ♥♥♥♥ing(sex) in the game, and sometime if u kill them, it will spawn a black demon rabit that u have to kill!! great game ^^ ....."
76561198047737457,Recommended,233130,9407851,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,SamiBoi,"***Disclaimer: Little tidbit of info, I bought the original 1997 Shadow Warrior but turned out my family computer at the time(I was like 10yrs) was insufficient to run it.Flash forward 2014 and I finally got the chance to experience the Wang! And damn is this game something. I was able to run this game on max settings so my experience was virtually flawless. I also purchased it during winter holiday sale so not paying full price makes me enjoy it that much more amirite guys? That being said, lets get into the nitty gritty!+Positives+-Price-Great sword action and gun gameplay with well though- out controls-Graphical scenery is top notch, character models are well done-Lengthy(took me 20+hrs)-Animated cutscenes are the coolness with an intriguing story-CheezFunny (think Blood Dragon writing/voice acting)Not so fine but NOT ultimately deterrent-Cheez is good in reasonable servings-Enemy encounters become predictable and somewhat monotonous(mostly every game has this happen no?)-No map(there are tons of secrets in this game)Outcome:If being a gun toting, katana wielding harbinger of death strikes your fancy then you would have a sensational time experiencing Shadow Warrior whether that be at full price or sale price."
,Recommended,233130,9390841,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,CnEY?!,"I haven't finished it yet, but so far this game is an absolute blast.* Awesome katana action, and most of the other weapons are pretty satisfying as well* Upgradeable skills, powers, and weapons* Beautiful graphics (it's making my video card show its age)* Entertaining dialogue and extras* Actually has a plotYou may see a lot of people comparing SW to the likes of Painkiller, Serious Sam, etc., and while it is sort of an arena-style FPS, I think the level design combined with the graphical detail makes it feel less repetitive and boring than those games.Ironically, I think ROTT 2013 is both the reason I hesitated buying this (because ROTT was utter garbage), and the reason I bought it (because it gave me a 75% off coupon for it).  While ROTT '13 isn't worth a penny, Shadow Warrior is easily worth more than the $10 I paid for it."
,Recommended,233130,8419938,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,iCampHard,"Shadow warrior is a FPS/RPG, where the best gun is actually a sword. The story starts out light hearted, but quickly grows in depth as the game progresses. Secrets abound that help you level up the main character to suit your playstyle. The sword play is second to none, and it will most likely be your go to weapon. The actual guns come in the standar flavors, and while they handle well, they just don't feel as satisfying as the katana.If you like violence and blood, get it, if you like wise cracking demons, get it, if you want to experience perfect swordplay, get it. You can't go wrong with this game, unless you hate fun."
76561198043410700,Recommended,233130,8436062,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,wr.exe,blender simulator 2013 as forum user put it. so worth it
,Recommended,233130,8904180,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Chaotix,"Hands-down the best sword slicing action I have ever played in an FPS. The melee combat just feels so right here. The writing is also spot on, with excellent, consistantly witty dialogue throughout. Jaw-dropping visuals and very convincing weather will put your GPU to the test. The old skool key finding progression keeps things true to the source material, and oddly doesn't get frustrating. I definately prefered playing this with a keyboard & mouse, but thats not to discredit the controller as it is totally playable with both. There are some multi-button commands you have to perform very quickly which leant itself to the keyboard, but these were achievable on the controller, albeit slightly more difficult.Don't be put off by the fact this is strictly a one player experience; it is a very long game which constantly switches things up and keeps things exciting throughout. Given how many FPS nowadays tread the same well worn steps, as so many before them, I found this to be utterly refreshing. 9/10"
,Recommended,233130,8600248,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,ArchDuke,Came for the shoot'em up action stayed for the wonderfully cheesy jokes and good story.
76561198008847479,Recommended,233130,7949621,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,[Grognard]_Seimour,"Excellent game with exceptionally fun melee. The voice acting and story are surprisingly good enough to hold your attention and the graphics as well as the sceneries are varied and detailed so as to not become dull.The game lasts much longer than I would have expected, about 15 hours or so but is fully worth it. Decapitating enemies with a pink♥♥♥♥♥♥♥has its quirks as well. The guns aren't too powerful so as to force you to use your sword but the bosses are impossible to kill without them so it's a good idea to familiarize with each of them.The normal difficulty shouldn't pose much of a challenge as I have only died by falling off platforms rather than in battle but the two difficulty levels above are suffient to pose a challenge to those who seek it.The jokes are hilarious.It is ill advised to kill rabbits if you value your life."
76561198050696031,Recommended,233130,8007351,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Punished JUST DO IT,"Amazing Game, Crazy and Fun :)"
76561197970756117,Recommended,233130,8109744,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,controll alt defeat,This is the best game ever.
76561198018537483,Recommended,233130,7612192,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Pure Anger,Sweet awsomeness!! Suprisngly fun combat and the story is fairly well executed
,Recommended,233130,7612379,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Grifon Eddie,"I liked the original Shadow Warrior quite a lot, it's a game that's fond to me since I grew up playing it, so seeing news of a new re-imagined game usually ends up being bad news, luckly this isn't the case here. Flying Wild Hog did a good job modernizing the core concepts and retaining or making various nods to the original.The main concern for fans when this got announced was that old pervy Lo Wang was nowhere to be found being replaced by a younger Lo Wang. While it is true that this is a re-imagining, the story nearly serves as a prequel to the classic Shadow Warrior, I won't say much as to not spoil the story, suffice to say that while starting off being silly there's a surprisingly good story that unfolds in a rather sneaky manner as the game progresses, the developers truly delivered on the promise of a better story, only don't expect it to be all out exagerated parody of cliches like Duke Nukem 3D and the Classic Shadow Warrior were. There is a good deal of humour but it's not the main focus.Visuals are for the most part gorgeous, the scenery is colorful and varied with a mainly Japanese aesthetic, only problem I found was that the later levels end up getting a bit repetitive but the overall art direction is quite beautiful.Most of the enemies come in a nice variety, visually the lesser demons will have some acessories to set them apart but it won't affect much how you'll dispatch them, the humam enemies end up being the most unimpressive looking, but luckily there aren't many humans after the first chapter.The game's areas are mostly arenas tied up by a somewhat linear path the areas you fight are diverse in shapes and most of them include plenty of environmental hazards to use against your enemies, there's plenty of secrets to be found as well, most of them are cash, ammo and karma awards that ties into the upgrade system which I'll mention later in the review.The sound design is also very good, guns sound really well and apropriate, you'll hear the demons screeching at you or grunting in pain once you slice them. The music ends up mostly being background noise but they serve their purpose, it doesn't quite stand out since it's mostly muffled by all the carnage that's going down.Where the game truly shines is the gameplay, there's a lot to cover here. You'll still have point based health system and you'll still be able to have nearly ten weapons on you while you fight hordes on enemies. But there's a few twists involved, now you have access to magic that can either stun enemies, protect or heal you, but there are limitations that ends up balancing their use, like the healing power only regenerates a portion of your health, you'll still need medpacks to get it back to 100%. You can use the spells any time without needing to waiting for them to recharge, some may leave you vulnerable while casting while other might limit your attack options, overall the spells are nice but aside from healing I forgot that I had most of them during the fights.Most of the weapons from the original game comes back in one way or another, you'll get a Revolver, Uzi, Crossbow, Shotgun, Flamethrower and Rocket Launcher though you'll only get them at specific points in the story with the Katana being a permanent weapon throughout the entire game.The katana is a blast to use, while the damage isn't always the most realistic you'll still have a gratifying feeling once you chop down your enemies to bits and getting the extra attacks for the sword makes it really fun to use. Another comeback to the arsenal are the enemies body parts you can still get the lesser demon's Hearts as an one shot weapon to instantly kill a few smaller enemies in an area or chop off the Warlord's heads that shoot a fire stream. An upgrade system has also been included, which you'll spend the money you find to buy secondary fire modes, improvements or ammo for the main weapons.After every fight you get ratings that evaluate how well you've fought, they seem to be mostly altered by the diversity of weapons used in a fight and how much of the environmental hazards you've used during said fights at the end you get awarded with Karma points depeding on your rating. When you have enough Karma you'll get skill points which mostly give passive upgrades or new sword attacks.There's plenty of other upgrades which will have you searching every area, you have money for weapons, karma (You can also find demonic altars with bowls of blood) for passive upgrades and skills and Ki Crystals to learn new or upgrade your magic. It's a very diverse but simple system in place.When it comes down to it I had a blast playing Shadow Warrior, it's a terrific throwback to the older style of FPS with a few modern twists while during the first playthru it felt a little easy the extra difficulties and Heroic mode add a greater challenge. This is an easy recommendation to make if you enjoy single-player shooters and got tired of playing linear corridor spectacle shooters.P.S: Oh yeah, kill the bunnies after they get it on, you'll eventually get a surprise  ;)"
76561197987757895,Recommended,233130,7331412,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,Gregory,Best 2013 FPS with guns and sword play. Can't wait for some DLC and  expansion pack's. (I want some moar Lo Wang !!!)((Holy **** a Shadow warrior 2  announced  hypeeee ! ))
76561197982627177,Recommended,233130,7307171,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Jumbik,"This game.... THIS GAME! I can't tell how much I like this game. :) Where should I start... oh yes, It's amazing! It combines old school game experience with mature story, funny characters with good development, nice graphics and mainly sword fighting. You will learn to love the Katana so much that you will want all other games to have one also. This game has so many different elements that are so well put together that I cannot believe that the developers were able to put it all together in such good fashion. It's fast paced, original mayhem. And it also has RPG elements! You can upgrade skills, demonic powers and weapons at the same time. Combat is fluid and katana combos are easy to learn along with the powers. It's also really long for a FPS. It will take you about 12 hous to finish the game, even more on harder dificulties and even more if you will want to find all the secrets. And it has GREAT ending to the story. The music is also pretty good... No really, what are you waiting for, go buy it. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,233130,9749535,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,GoreFish,"Don't trust the published paid reviewers!  This game is a gem - one that shouldn't be overlooked.  Now, would I pay $50 for it?  Nah.  But it is regularly out there for $20 or less, and at that price IT IS A MUST PLAY.   The games lines are cheesy, the graphics are great, and the bad guys die by the dozens at a time by the blinding blood-spatted slasshed of your sword.  What's not to love?  The plot starts off light and vapid and evolves into a very complicated and mature one.  The closeout of the stroyline was one of the best I've seen in any game.  Folks, its the real deal.  Someone told me there are guns in the game, but I wouldn't know it - seeing arms and legs flying off their hosts in slow-mo is all I ever needed!  Mess with the bull, and you'll get the Wang.  Play.  This.  Game."
76561198031318367,Recommended,233130,9743202,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Ghoby,"Its a really fun FPS, with some refreshing old school elements that you don't usually see these days. It has some faults like some level design issues, lack of variety and over-serious major plot, but it has a really fun gunplay and it's very funny at times, with Lo Wang giving some cool one-liners."
76561198008055157,Recommended,233130,9638844,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,SERGEANT,I LOVE THIS F***ING GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,233130,9637294,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Hotman 45,"Good game! If you like chopping and shooting off the limbs and heads of your enemies, then this game may very well be for you. 75% off the price until Friday."
,Recommended,233130,7500022,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,TheManko,"Shadow Warrior isn’t an old-school FPS. It comes from a different path of evolution compared to other modern shooters. It’s made by the same developers who made Painkiller, a shooter which at the time was compared to Quake, but really wasn’t. Then they made Hard Reset, which twisted and evolved the Painkiller formula to something new, and now with Shadow Warrior they’ve transformed it again. This is more like Devil May Cry crossed with Serious Sam, not resembling the original Shadow Warrior at all.It’s a great game. Like Serious Sam at its best, the game feels like a dance. By listening to the sound ques, you create a mental map of each scene by instinct. You know when to move left, when to dodge back, when to charge, based not just on what’s in front of you, but what’s behind, to your sides, or above. It’s constant movement, of a kind where different combinations of enemies calls for different patterns of evasion. I love this kind of FPS, and there aren’t that many of them. Serious Sam 3, Hard Reset and now Shadow Warrior are the best at it.Unfortunately the middle of the game drags a bit, and the boss fights are disappointing. I also wish there was more enemy variety. Just one or two more enemy types might have been enough to mix things up toward the end. But even with those problems this is easily one of the best shooters ever made. Not that there’s much competition any more. As a fan of FPS games that rely on skill, Call of Duty and Gears of War has made things dull. I don’t want to sit behind cover all the time, I want to dance. And I’m glad that with Shadow Warrior I’m still given opportunities to do so."
,Recommended,233130,8217552,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,spartankaru,Badass game
,Recommended,233130,8235178,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Foolishsnowman,YES ! . This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥!
,Recommended,233130,9701482,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Jonas the Goat,"Holy wang, this game is unbelievably fun! I tried the demo first and immediatly fell in love with it. The story is interesting and captivating, at least in part because the character Lo Wang is so easy to ""identify with"" as a nerd trying to be a hero. The controls are also very streamlined and simple, while still having a lot of fun tricks you can master with playing around. The game feels a lot like bioshock minus the deep suspense.All in all I'd recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed playing through the bioshock series and is looking for a fun game to spend a lot of quality time with."
76561197976986417,Recommended,233130,14138536,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,CrimsoNSoN,"Lo Wang&Hoji&Zilla&EnraWho needs guns when you have a demon killing sword with ki!?  Beautiful game, Great Dialogue, Excellent Mechanics, Secret Are(ol)as, and the occaisional Bathing Beauty.10/10 Will play with my Wang again."
76561198000921299,Recommended,233130,14159002,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,YoungRascal,"This game is about fun.There's no micromanagement here worrying about running low on ammo or if I should save that health pack for later.  The game feeds you enough ammo and health so that you can just focus on your main goal: ripping demons to shreds.This game has been compared to the fps shooters of the 90s, but that doesn't matter and don't let that comparison to a 20 year old genre turn you off.I was a bit relucatant to purchase this game, having missed playing the original (although I thoroughly enjoyed Doom and Duke Nukem at the time) and I was worried I was just getting a prettier version of one of those games.  Perhaps I'd just forgotten how enjoyable games like those were, but I was very muched impressed with this remake.  Yes, it has the old standards, the pistol, machine gun, shotgun, rocket launcher ... red, green, and blue doors.  But it also captured the charm and excitement of dispatching large hordes of enemies with whatever the heck weapon you want to use in your arsenal.It took me by surprise though, the start of the game is campy and pokes fun at the genre. The main character is an over the top an oriental version of Duke Nukem, that I did not take this game seriously.  I started the game mildly interested in seeing where it would take me and a couple chapters later I found I was engrossed in a deeping storyline.  The charm of the game sneaks up on you.I was honestly worried about an FPS centered around a sword wielding character. How would a shooter game deal with that game mechanic?  The melee action in FPS games always seem to me to be a last-ditch weapon, and I usually find them to be clunlky and not very usable.  But this is not the case here; it didn't take long for me to realize that the sword was going to be my favourite and go-to weapon when the going got tough. The range of the sword is good enough to be effective, but not too overpowered.  For those monsters within range, well, there's comes some good satisfaction in slicing off the arms of a demon right before he claws at your face.The Ki skills were a little bit distracting and confusing at first. They could have been better intergrated into the game play.  I was having so much fun shooting and slicing, once I topped up my healing powers I honestly didn't bother with the ki magic.  Perhaps this might give it some replay value for me.Finally, as an FPS, I know there is a level of gruesomeness to be expected, esp in a game like this, where you are literallydisembowelling monsters.  But what I found strange was the level of blood everywhere- but not having anything to do with your story.  There were pools of blood* and bloody and skewered bodies that seemed out of place in the scenery. Is this an homage to the original?Conclusion:- Shadow Warrior 2013 is a fun game; it throws armies of demons at you and it gives you to tools to slaughter them however you like.  There is much enjoyment in how they let you do this.- It is built in the spirit of its 1990 ancestors, but instead of a rehash,  it feels like a fresh take on the genre, especially in this age of retreaded COD-like rail shooters.- Using the sword to cut up phantastic foes much more fun than I anticipated.*Ok I concede the Pool of Blood thing has a connection to the story, but it seemed out of place in the story."
,Recommended,233130,12989054,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Xmus Jaxon Flaxon-Waxon,"Wow.Thank you Devolver Digital, for making a game that almost made me want to shed manly tears...Regardless of wether or not you liked the original Shadow Warrior from 1997, I was not expecting a game like this to be made from a re-imagining of said game. This is how re-imaginings should be done. Tasteful amounts of nostolgic reference to the source material, with a ton of polish and thought put into it.Sure, things have changed from the original, but a lot of complaints people have don't seem that bad in the long run. The levels are much more linear, but I found myself getting lost and backtracking a heck of a lot less than the original. There were fewer enemy types, but half of them were not cheap re-skins. Sure there were less weapons, but the ones present had way more battle application than a lot of the weak guns from the original that I never used. The katana combat is more than a melee weapon now, it is the weapon able to tip combat against the hordes of enemies this series is so well known for in your favor. Things have changed, modernized, but not for the worse, for the better.The mood has changed significantly too. As opposed to being a snarky killer spewing Engrish as you murder Japanese stereotypes, the story in this remake was handled with some grace and effort, and manages to do the impossible: respectfully incorperate Japanese mythos, art, and culture in a game built entirely around a beserk shogun♥♥♥♥♥♥joke killing demons. The humor is still present, the fortunes, the one-liners, the rabbits doing the nasty, but it is all presented in a more subtle way (with the exception of the retro easter egg areas of course). Everything gels pretty well. The combat, story, soundtrack, acting, and visuals are all very consistent and feel like they belong. Whereas the original couldn't shake the feeling of being a Duke Nukem mod, Shadow Warrior can be played with or without knowledge of the original games that spawned it. This is a sign of a good remake.So, in the end, Shadow Warrior is worth playing if you enjoy the gameplay of retro shooters, but wished they could be a little more polished. Whether or not you think it is worth full price is up to you, but you should certainly give it a try before you discount it as just another remake."
,Recommended,233130,13546420,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Michael42424,"This game is amazing! its Shenmue, silent hill, and doom on ADHD! the blood and gore is extreme and with it being very fast pace you wont have too much time to admire the graphics when set to ultra. you play Lo Wang a man sent to pay $2,000,000.00 for a special sword but when the offer is refused Lo is found defending himself from an onslaght of sword wielding men after dealing with them in the bloodiest and goriest way thats when the silent hill and doom on ADHD kick in and all hell breaks loose! if you mess with Lo you will get the Wang!"
,Recommended,233130,15716904,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,WNTD,I like it
76561197992665753,Recommended,233130,14188770,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Durihan,"Having played the original Shadow Warrior nearly some twenty years ago (damn, I just made myself feel old), I can say that I was both looking forward to and kinda fearing a series reboot since they tend to go one of two ways: an improvement or a waste of time. And I'm happy to say, this reboot was a MAJOR improvement in every way.Shadow Warrior kept to its defining roots; you play as Lo Wang and you fight demons with an assortment of fun weapons while cracking jokes, including poking fun at the original when you come across secret areas using the old, old, old graphics.For me, story is what made this a top-rated FPS (maybe my favourite). An interwoven tale of gods and demons with practical and emotionally-driven decisions provides motivation far beyond 'they're bad for the sake of being bad, so I should go shoot them'. And the buddy-cop relation Lo Wang shares with Hoji kept me laughing and, better yet, uncertain how things would end.Graphically, they didn't go for the super-duper-high-end which is always fine with me, but it's still pretty good and the enemeis and scenery were nicely varied (gotta love them coy ponds and cherry trees).The audio was decent with a soundtrack I found worth the special edition upgrade.Game-play harkens back to the old-school FPS of (eventually) packing 10guns at all times and secret areas everywhere but also adds in a few puzzles and an upgrade system for the weapons, your skills, and your magic so you can fight your way.So even if you don't have a connection to the original Shadow Warrior, this is a great game for anyone who is a fan of story-based shooters.Also, here's hoping Strife and CyberMage receive similar treatment some day."
,Recommended,233130,14766197,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,The Gringo,Saw Godzilla in the background during the intro cutscene.Gojira/10 would laugh my lungs out again.
,Recommended,233130,14214977,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Sentient6,"This game caught my eye a while back, but it's been sitting in my wishlist, because honestly, I wasn't expecting much. Boy, was I wrong. A great effort from Flying Wild Hog (the Hard Reset guys, which was also a great game, albeit with a lot less blood), this is old school shooter at its best. Whatever minor wrinkles there are, they are completely overshadowed by good level design, witty story and characters and most impostantly - amazing gameplay. Fast, brutal, bloody, not a boring moment in sight. Can't reccomend this enough."
,Recommended,233130,15300903,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,spaceboots,"woah fun game, good story too. Was suprised by this one."
76561198077025018,Recommended,233130,13852407,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,The Grotesque Abomination,"This gem of a game was made by the same developers who gave us Hard Reset.For those who don't know, Hard Reset is a Sci-Fi FPS that brings back the hardcore gameplay from the 90's.Their reimagining of the classic Shadow Warrior is in the same spirit...and that spirit has a vengeance.SOO MANY ENEMIES.A vast variety of hellspawn demons ready to devour Lo Wang's Wang.SOO MANY WEAPONS.KatanaUziShotgunPistolCrossbowRocket LauncherShurikenGrenades.SOO MANY UPGRADES.Upgrade most of your Firearms and your deadly Katana!Upgrade Lo Wang himself.SO MANY CHOICES.SOO MANY DIFFICULTY LEVELS.NEW GAME PLUS, ARE YOU KIDDING ME?SOO MUCH CONTENT!This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i n g INSANE.Balls to the motherf u c k i n g walls INSANE.Lo Wang is a Samurai Demi-God.11/10"
76561197969958983,Recommended,233130,13509127,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Rav,A solid fps that I found very entertaining.It has several throwback elements to older generations of fps shooters such as health and having more than 2 weapons in your inventory at once.The swordplay is very nice as well.
,Recommended,233130,13511160,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Big Salty,"Super aweseom game, quick, witty/cheesy duke nukem humor, and a good story. 9/10"
,Recommended,233130,13740368,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,TheLegendOfW,"This great re-imagening of the 1997 classic is what Duke Nukem Forever should of been. Shadow Warrior is simple and fun to play with nice visuals and smooth gameplay, story is not the strangest part, but acceptable for an FPS, the comedy is not to bad either. The one thing I wished for was more weapons and more enemy variety, other then that, Shadow Warrior is downright fun to play as bad♥♥♥♥♥smart mouthed Lo Wang! If you are interested in playing  and see a great discount, go ahead and play this game!"
76561197995387032,Recommended,233130,10212171,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Zerker,Good times.  Old school FPS.
,Recommended,233130,13606101,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,j0yrex,"This game is a rare gem!These devs did FPSwordplay right.And if things that are funny make you laugh, you shuld prolly buy this.GOOD JOB FWH!"
76561198057996352,Recommended,233130,13680877,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Chizzley,buy the game. there are bathing anime girls.
,Recommended,233130,20515253,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,GankMeTempry,The whole game i was worried about the guy trapped in the fortune cookie factory.Best $4 i ever spent9/Shia
76561197981858343,Recommended,233130,20521225,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Kony 2017,"This game is great.I don't know if you can justify $40 for it, but I picked it up on sale because of the funny trailer.  Like every other steam sale game, it sat in my library untouched for 6 months, until I saw it while bored and installed it.It's brilliant, it really is.  It's a throwback to old school gaming, taking elements from quake, doom and duke nukem.  Fast paced action orientated combat is completely stale today, but this game absolutely nailed it.  The story was surprisingly interesting, and I found myself really powering through the game to find out what happened, but it also had a good amount of comedy mixed in.  But not too much to ruin the plot of the game, very well done.If this game is on sale, get it, definitely.  A friend said to me that it's a 'game that you play in between other games when you are bored and alone.'  I disagree.  It's one of the better games i've played in a while, I haven't enjoyed a playthrough like that in a long time."
76561198059317114,Recommended,233130,13572325,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Wilson (old),Killed bunnies as they had sex and was promptly attacked and nearly killed by a demon bunny. 11/10
,Recommended,233130,13572530,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Ixtilion,"Just bought it on sale for 2.5€ expecting it to be a ""generic"" hack 'n slash / shoot 'em up, oh boy was I wrong:PROS+Combat: Let me tell you, the sword handling system is great, and it doesn't get boring with the special sword attacks you can perform. On top of that you also have guns, spells to knock enemies up, stun them, heal yourself... everything is upgradeable and opens up a lot of possibilities when fighting.+Story: Actually, it was a beautiful and saddening story, I didnt expect it to have a good plot but I got really surprised.+Graphics: Beautiful scenaries, I found myself contemplating some views for more than one minute. More than once.+Length: 12-15 hours, really good and doesn't get repetitive.+OST: Really good all around.+Has a lot of references to retro and older games, also the main character and his companion will crack you up, good humor.+Feels like Serious Sam, who didnt like that game?+Really cheap on sale.CONS-A more frequent autosave in levels would be nice, sucks to have to repeat 1-2 areas because there wasnt a checkpoint-Sometimes you sprint and die by falling 30 cm, which coupled with the above issue may be a bit frustrating."
,Recommended,233130,20074239,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Flynn,"I stumbled open a couple of rabbits having some ""fun"" in the forest. I proceded to murder them both. However, the one on top turned black, death metal began to play, and I proceeded to have the best boss fight of my life. 10/10"
,Recommended,233130,29663724,Posted: 2 February,all,Joeȵ 🎮the ШIZλRD🎮,You got the power.
76561198220116529,Recommended,233130,19868666,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,indecisam,-Plenty of blood-Stupid jokes-Demons and superior firepower-KATANAIs this not enough?(also nostalgia)11/10 would play again (already doing it)
,Recommended,233130,20062235,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Crackbob Cocainepants,"I have only played this game for a small amount of time but I feel the need to review it already because it amazes me at how such a simple concept of a game can leave me fulfilled after playing. This is a classic guns-blazing fighting game (similar to Serious Sam) where it's everyone else vs you because your character is the only one that knows how to get stuff done apparently. I guess it makes sence that I like it because I enjoyed some of their previous titles.Great game, would highly recommend."
,Recommended,233130,1568623,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,Big Ben,Fan-god damned-tastic. If only Duke Nukem Forever could have been made by these guys. Hopefully now we'll get a Blood reboot as well.Best case scenario Flying Wild Hog will somehow convince id to let them make Quake V and Doom 4. A man can dream.
76561198016370308,Recommended,233130,20732910,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Klieveage*GuGuGaGaKOKO*,"+ Long gameplay+ Nice boss fight+ Various and furious arsenal+ Enemies can spawn on next level if they are hurt+ Various environment and enemies+ Kinky rabbits+ Old school- Focus sprint effect and shaking camery ""ayntime"" can be painful for your eyes- FPS drop after 10 - 20 minutes, no idea why- Maybe more money or ammo on insane difficulty- Bugs in game: invisible ramp push me up to the sky, anytime stucked between various object . . ."
,Recommended,233130,25979161,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Iamnotanumber,Awesome.
,Recommended,233130,13685379,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,RJ,Found some bunnies doing the dirty. Killed one. The other killed me. Should've known better.
,Recommended,233130,20909189,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,S.U.N,This game is simply awesome. Fast paced action with a great story. From the artwork to the level design and themes it is so well done i havent enjoyed a single player fps this much since i was a kid playing duke nukem 3d. The sword play in this game is the best. I thouroughly enoyed the progression and perks you gain along the way as you develop Lo Wang so if you've ever wanted to slash demons and kill your ruthless boss this game is a must.
76561197973876899,Recommended,233130,17252057,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Mr.Electric,there are 3-4 wang jokes every chapter. 10/10
,Recommended,233130,16499676,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,antares031_연어。,"One of the finest reinterpretations of old-school first person shooter in modern times.PROTIP: No matter what happens, do not dash forward at the top of the stairs. I'm serious."
76561198055499452,Recommended,233130,22147318,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Xoker,"I bought this game as a daily deal and said, eh, fps hack and slash? might be fun. worth every penny. Lo Wang is like a funny asian version of Duke Nukem, with sappy one liners that you cant help but laugh at, and fluid swordplay that feels fairly balanced with the awe inspiring guns you can use. normally youd see the guns take a predominant role for fighting, but the sword has a clear balancing act with the guns that makes it fun to forgo the guns and just massacre all the bad guys with just your blade. Really Fun Game."
,Recommended,233130,23011320,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,limelight1210,"Great level design, solid, shooting and melee with a ♥♥♥♥ing sword, minimal hand holding and doesnt treat the player like an idiot with a dozen tutorials. Beats the hell out of just about any modern military ""me too"" shooter. 8/10"
76561198089314595,Recommended,233130,22023814,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,frogmouth,Beware the rabbits.
,Recommended,233130,11918700,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,EdExecute@rAge2017,Fantastic game. An absolute buttload of fun.
76561197968844797,Recommended,233130,10978244,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,SpEN,"Excellent graphics, shooter, action, great game!"
,Recommended,233130,13539757,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ConsoleCowboy,"This game was plesantly surprising. The main character is a walking♥♥♥♥♥♥joke and the comedy is heavy handed and juvinile. The gameplay is smooth easy and fun. The sword is a wonderful weapon, I found myself using it more than the bevy of guns provided. The boss fights were a bit weak, but the story managed to go somewhere by the end. I played through on Hard and found it to be challenging in a way that wasn't too frustrating and kept me coming back for more. High recommended if you like shooters."
,Recommended,233130,8971206,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Ninja_Bunni,"An excellent remake of the golden oldie. It has the crass sense of humor alongside the blood and gore we have all come to love and expect from a 3DRealms IP, however FlyingWildHog has added its mojo on it and its plain to see. This is no longer a 3DRealms IP clone,this here, is what a goddamn good tribute should look and play like.Definitely worth a playthrough."
,Recommended,233130,2067389,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,FreakOrama,"One of the best, if not the best gameplay mechanics in terms of sword play, movement and gun play is simple and fun like the old school shooters, gun variety is reasonably good with each of them has its unique look and play-style and fun perks to unlock for it making it more ridiculously fun, even though the game is mostly good for its gameplay, the game also is wonderful with its story/story-telling, great voice acting and funny dialogue.At some points in the game they just throw too many enemies at you (while some don’t find that bad, but i found myself just wanting to get it over with to proceed to the next level/story), cutting enemies is not directional (kind of looks like it though)The sword play of the game is its biggest plus, i got this game thinking im going to slice and dice alot of people and a mediocre story, but i was wrong with that and was surprised of how the story progressed til the end and how characters acting was good in terms of dialogue and voice acting, didn’t expect that to happen but it did.More info athttp://KSalue.com"
,Recommended,233130,11786042,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Red,"Funny, Fun, Wang"
,Recommended,233130,11061823,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Thad Castle,you can kill demons with a giant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥11/10
76561198039494030,Recommended,233130,13519988,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Fire.al,"Well i must admit i was late to this but hell this game is amazing if you are even remotely interested in linear FPS and have no problem with gore you should stop reding this and buy the game NOW!The gameplay is simply perfect probably the best i've experinced in a FPS the controls are also very intuitive and tight (keep in mind this game is meant to be played with keyboard and mouse), the graphics and effects are gorgeous and also light on your GPU (my aged and close to retirement GTX 550 Ti can run this on ultra perfectly smooth), the story, the atmosphere, the seetings, the dialogues lines, hell even the UI arts feel exactly as they should be and blend eachother perfectly to create one (if not the one) more inspired linear FPS i've ever seen.This game is totally worth the full price but for the current winter sale prince is a ♥♥♥♥ing STEAL! Still reading?! Go buy this already one best value you may get for your money!"
,Recommended,233130,13989592,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Meragon,"The Story On This Game Was Amazing, Like I Can't Even Explain On How Cool Every Was Like The Beheading,Powers,Boss Fights And All Of The Cool Moves And Skills. Also The Amount Of Detail Put In To This Game Was Too Much For Me To Take In It Was That Amazing, I Loved The Little Secrets You Put It Like One Of Them From The Old Shadow Warrior Was Pretty Cool. This Is By Far The Best Most Amazing Remake Ever. It Definitely Is Going To Go On My Top 5 Games!Amazing Job Devolver Digital Your Games Overwhelm Me Everytime :)9/10A Definite Must Buy"
,Recommended,233130,13187975,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Questypants,BUY THIS GAME NOW! QUICKLY WHILE ITS ON SALE!
,Recommended,233130,20396288,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Admiral Ace,If you found your way to this page. You probably want some WANG!!!
,Recommended,233130,13689496,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,TabooOlive,I want a sequel as soon as possible....oh and the game is great.
76561198062149239,Recommended,233130,13505225,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,baQdoor fuQ,"All this slashing, blood. violence and gore gave me a boner !!!"
,Recommended,233130,28734116,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,StormyDaze,"Shoot and loot with gore!  Hilarious dialogue. New favorite game.Slice and dice with the sword or use a arsenal of weapons.  Forget those, just use the energy within you."
,Recommended,233130,14835512,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,foxy,░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄▄░░░█░░░░▄▀█▀▀▄░░▀▀▀▄░░░░▐█░░░░░░░░░▄▀█▀▀▄░░░▀█▄░░█░░░░▀░▐▌░░▐▌░░░░░▀░░░▐█░░░░░░░░▀░▐▌░░▐▌░░░░█▀░▐▌░░░░░░░▀▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░▐█▄▄░░░░░░░░░▀▄▄▀░░░░░▐▌░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▐█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▐█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▄░░░▄█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀███▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▌░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░█
,Recommended,233130,14024653,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Timothyd4y,Such a solid game. A very fun balance of swordplay and explosives and expletives. Great level design and excellent voice acting make it a really entertaing romp through the backwaters of what feels like the lost prequel to Big Trouble In Little China.
,Recommended,233130,11479335,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,L33,"This game ROCKS!If you like the classic 90's shooters, this game is for you! Fast action, nice weapons, secrets areas, some plataforming.In addition, the game offers a wide customization range, with weapon upgrades, skills and powers to unlock.I loved the way the skills work, with keyboard + click combinations like W, W + Left Mouse Button (hold to charge). It's really useful while in combat and there are no delay. Some skills are used off combat.The dialogue is OK, with some good humour and references. The soundtrack is beautiful and recall the old Shadow Warrior.AND, if you played the original SW back in the 90's, you HAVE to play this!WHO WANTS SOME WANG? \,,/_"
76561198025422000,Recommended,233130,12169549,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Mandibleman,"This game is awesome.  Lots of fun slashing/shooting countless enemies and the game looks pretty as well.  Story is very good for the genre.   I do wish that there was more enemy variety, however, especially with the basic demons they throw at you.Highly recommended, and far better than most modern fps (imo)."
76561197997295841,Recommended,233130,11516807,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,robarcool,"A game that does so many things right.1. Combat: Very very well done. The swordplay and gunplay are a blast and actually, sword is the most effective weapon in the game to be honest and really easy to use. The character movement feels fluid and you will not feel bored anytime soon slashing through the demon horde.2. Weapon design: Cool looking weapons and upgrades that you definitley want to buy.3. Skill trees: Easy to understand and interesting to use skills4. Story: A nice story that gets you a little more involved in the game if the combat didn't already sucked you in5. Visuals: Fantastic AAA class visuals. Whether it is a wide open area with mountains or a house, one can't help but admire to the level of detail put into everythingI say buy this game. I will go further by saying that support this developer (Flying Wild Hog) by preordering their games and buying at full price."
,Recommended,233130,10461140,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Cthulhu's Gribbly Monocle,"Playtime: 16 Hours (includes secret hunting)Score: 7 / 10Recommended Price: $19.99A remake of the classic Shadow Warrior featuring still the character Lo Wang. It is easy to see that much effort went into blending modern and classic FPS styles. Medkits still litter the levels yet you have the ability to heal yourself at will with a Chi spell unlocked early in the game.Many people will remember the humour of the first game and it is still here, although at a toned down level. Much of the hilarious one liners and jokes are gone or purposefully changed to lower potentional insult certain people might feel and make vocal.Secret areas do exist and are done up in the classic Shadow Warrior pixel graphics. Areas from old levels and pixel-based girls await your discovery!Much of the combat focuses on the use of your sword, which I found to be a huge plus. There is an assortment of weapons as one would expect in classic FPS titles with three different upgrades each. Different Chi-based abilities help you fight your foes. Two skills knock down or suspend foes in the air, various katana abilities help you fight at range or slay foes in a circle around you.All in all I was highly impressed and surprised at how good the overall game was in both quality and length. If you can pick it up on sale for $19.99 or less it's definitely worth it!"
,Recommended,233130,13536552,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Jigglyb0ss,Buy game on sale for 75%Game goes on sale for 90% next day0/10Gud game tho
,Recommended,233130,13535534,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Liraxus,"Wow, okay, this is a shocker.I'm first gonna give off a warning that I reccomend buying this when it's for an absolute steal, this game can go on sale for 5 dollars for the special edition that includes a bit more content, compared to the 40+ dollars non-sale price, however, if you want to show support for the developers, purchase the game in full, this game is just incredible, and feels more like a 60 dollar Triple A game done right.Shadow Warrior is a game set within a stereotypical China, this game is heavily influenced from cheesy Japanese movies, and I love every second of it, this story keeps you entertained and invested as you travel to wildly different locales from a Japanese graveyard to a Tanker ship and watch the plot unfold, it has all sorts of cheese, including a very memorable protagonist in Lo Wang, who has a relatively stereotypical voice that is still interesting to listen to, especially in conversations with his demon buddy, Hoji. The gameplay is hands down the best part of this, Shadow Warrior makes itself different with it's star-based system that rewards you with extra Karma(Basically experience points) based on how well you kick Demon♥♥♥♥♥ I've gone through over 10 chapters and haven't gotten a single 5-star, but this is motivation for me to try harder and hopefully get better to the point I get that 5 star. Thrown in is the best sword in any FPS ever, the player's Katana is the most versatile tool the player has, and it naturally upgrades over time as you continue the story, it can do powerful bursts of damage, an area swing, and one of those fancy air slashes that can mow down groups of enemies chasing you.Hopefully I didn't overwrite stuff, or missed small details, but I can go on and on about why I think this is an excellent game and one of the best purchases I made in a while. Please, buy it, maybe even buy it while it's full priced to show the developers some love.This is seriously what Duke Nukem should've been...minus the sword, and uh...less Shadow Warrior, more Duke."
76561198001234825,Recommended,233130,18053429,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Jyrka,"Shadow Warrior is one of unique game in modern gaming. It dosent care what home moms are saying about it. I grew up with Violent games and most of us did, see normal guys now everywhere not millions of killers in world. Frack the new all has to be controlled world. New generation is grown as bunch of bubbleboys(childs). Oh you can´t do this oh be careful, oh dont watch this, its not his fault and so on. Wang has got it right why use guns when you can use a sword.Rating: ""Came for the shootouts, stayed for the swordplay"""
,Recommended,233130,11153914,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,MULKMULKMULKMULKMULKMULKMULK,killing and fighting. gud time spent
,Recommended,233130,19700068,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Nigerian Prince,Made me feel like kool dood 10/10
,Recommended,233130,8502219,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Circs,"ADVANCED FISH PHYSICS.The whole tone of the game is funny, while slightly terrifying. You're a bad guy working for worse guys working for horrible guys and everyone is betraying everyone... while catches on fire and the protagonist cracks the cheesiest jokes possible.The game is strange in being beautiful and then suddenly horrifically graphic. Either way the effort put forth is not wasted as the game looks great.The game however is not well optimized, but current gen hardware should play it fine."
,Recommended,233130,8478783,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Yellow Sub Zero,It's Wang-tastic.
76561197985029226,Recommended,233130,8995996,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Chlamydia,"Excellent, the entire game has a life to it that is missing from titles with budgets 100 times greater"
,Recommended,233130,21915923,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Canodros,"If you look up ""perfectly optimized"" in the dictionary you will see this game."
,Recommended,233130,10782325,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,kingkurtis,"Played the first part and it was pretty damn incredible and hilarious would recommend will update if it takes a turn for the worse but I can't see that happening - this♥♥♥♥♥♥is awesome and genuinely had me laughing a lot. (note this isn't a serious game this is a slash your way through an army of enemies with whatever you have - think DOOM as in that in story mode you can run around killing with whatever you want)Negative marks it doesn't follow all video game logic such as crouching in a bush doesn't make you invisible, there is slight screen tilting when you strafe with A and D which is a little uncomfortable.When you see the combo moves they look wierd but they are very easy to do and in all honesty the best way they could have done it since there seems like there is room for a bunch of combo moves.The game does look pretty but you wont be focusing on that as you are sprinting / air dashing around flailing your blade wildly - you can cut off limbs.If you want a good sword combat game this isn't what you are looking for - this game is for FUN."
,Recommended,233130,23062604,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,terrymcgrady,Spendid game with an astonishing low price! What are you waiting for! Slashing and shooting all the way. No other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Western people still have difficulty telling the difference between China and Japan though. :p
,Recommended,233130,22979527,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Eмоцијата,Play as super hero chink ping long big dong and slice things with your katana that was folded over 700 million times.Ghost guy gives me stiffies.
,Recommended,233130,8349812,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Rᴬᴰ Dᴬᴰ ™,"This game cannot be compared to its predecessor. However, it is a great follow up. This game has more content and gameplay time than most COD / FPS games that come out now, for half the price. Kudos to the Devs for creating this game. I waited 20 years for the reboot. Well done guys."
,Recommended,233130,7807685,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,ZalotAngel,"What can i say about shadow warrior, it is amazing. This game shows that old school games like of course shadow warrior, duke nukem 3D & so on can be done in moden time. Flying wild hog know how to make an old school game & make it enjoyable down to the very last thing. It has the best 1st person melee system i've ever seen, even with all the guns you will more likely use your katana the entire time. Enemies fall to pieces in the most satisfing way possible, arms go flying into the air, torso's get sliced in half & split apart. It is so much fun to play through especially with all the guns & mods for them, for example:Quad barrel shotgun,Quick draw pistol,Dual SMG,Grenade launching flamethrower,Rocket launcher firing 3 rockets & more.The only problems i've seen from my playthrough is missing textures & thats pretty much it. Boss battles are fun but repetitive, story is good & funny, the character Lo Wang & his demon companion Hoji are a great combo with there witty banter. I would get this game if you can, one of the most enjoyable games i've played this year. If you're unsure you can check my playthrough if you want to see the game & how it is if you want."
,Recommended,233130,12811346,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,=TBM= BangL,♥♥♥♥ing great game.
,Recommended,233130,8759307,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Sasha Grey licking a toilet,"I GOT THE TOUCH, I GOT THE POWER!!!!!!! The single greatest singleplayer FPS campaign I have ever played. YES IT IS BETTER THAN HALF LIFE TWO I AM NOT KIDDING. It is delightfully cheesey and you can press 'R' to reload your katana, what else do you need?"
,Recommended,233130,20888908,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Spliceddaddy,"The gameplay in this is old school shooter, basically very little to no cover, lot's of strafing, enemies spawn in large numbers and play by patterns.However, this is old school at it's finest, the most beautifully well written love letter to old school shooters. Lovingly spit polished, this game is smooth, without so much as a mild under the breath burb, let alone hiccup.The graphics are fun and gory, set your sword to advanced in the gameplay options, slice and dice.I'm really looking forward to the sequel and I'm surprised I enjoined the tightly interwoven story line, being a fan of Bioshock, I have high standards for story.The skills tree is interesting and the weapons mods are fun. A bit disorientating for the first few hours, but once the story and the sword absorb you, it's loads of fun.I highly recommend this game, for me a must have."
,Recommended,233130,8402083,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ser Puffles the Belgian Penguin,"Holy crap, this game surprised the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me!I really enjoyed it, loved the boss battles, the soundtracks and game play.I had tons of fun with the secrets.But most of all, It's been ages when I had this fun again with some old fashion slice and dice!!The graphics where actually really good, but then again, I'm quite easy with visuals in gamesThe game play as on the gunzblazing and slice and dice was really well done in my eyes. had tons of fun with the difference in weapons, and of course you eventually have your favorite weapons :)The story line surprised me the most... whooaa the actual length of this game, was way more then I would have  ever thought! And the quality was astonishing. Like those others say, the voice acting was also good.Yeah, It was an epic journey for me :)"
,Recommended,233130,11077567,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,kevwil,"It's old school. In many cases you're just trying to find a key to open the next door. The combat is awesome. There is actual progression (leveling up - sort of). There are cool moves. You could probably go through the entire game just with a sword - but the swordplay is fantastic anyways. Lots of gore. Story is a bit wierd (only half done game) but who cares. Graphics are great. Performance is great. Flawless EyeFinity (high details, ~60fps on a single 290).10/10. I want more games that are not like Halo and COD or by big publishers that do whatever they can to a game to maximize appeal to pre-teens.Also, obligatory wang joke."
,Recommended,233130,17101175,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Master Shake,Started it expecting to play a couple of minutesEnded up chopping heads off at a distance with a sword blast for 2 hours straight.10/10 would sword again
76561198087186278,Recommended,233130,21883002,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Rathguard,This game is a lot like what would happen if Quentin Tarantino directed an episode of Samurai Jack and someone made a video game from it.
76561198310894946,Recommended,233130,24752900,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,TLAS King,Singleplayer/ Very fun with lots of action and very gory only if their is lots of humans/monsters or you know how to perform a good combo also with very good cutscenes and with great graphics and a good character to play asOther gamemodes/ very fun with lots of action and has very fast paced gory action that most people with like if they like games like doomKids play/ Call of dutyGuys play/ BattlefieldMen play/ ArmaDemons play/ Shadow Warrior
76561198075717436,Recommended,233130,24418527,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,uanand009,Got this game for a mere INR 84 during summer sale and man .... WHAT.A.GAME. Total madness. Rip those demons apart. Would recommend it to anyone who loves fast paced FPS with a lot of action.
76561198083319716,Recommended,233130,24605289,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Keero_Kyubey,"Ayy that's pretty good. It's extremely fun to play! Even tho the controls feel stiff and the movements as well, the added slice em up the way you want compensates for that. I never figured out the rating systems and how to get 5 shurikens. The characters interactions and conversations were well played and felt natural with the line delivering. The added visceral clean up game that comes along with the game for free is a nice added touch! All in all I can say that this game was an enjoyment. Mindlessy cartoony gorey violence with soft quips and one liners galore!Want some bang? Better call Mr. Wang!"
76561198059372699,Recommended,233130,23337970,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Archaedia,One of the best shooters and one of the best games I have played. This game is commonly on sale for very little but it is totally worth at least $40.
,Recommended,233130,23215886,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Blinkk✌,"This game is kinda like Doom 4 but with a Katana . The game includes Shadow Warrior(duh) and an exclusive ""Viscera Cleanup Detail : Shadow Warrior "" . Just get the game already ."
76561198142927347,Recommended,233130,22886977,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Actual Cannibal Shia Labeouf,"""Everybody dead. I like that.""10/10 must be American made"
76561198096806713,Recommended,233130,21763993,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,HI-TEC,"Hello everyone!I'm just gonna skip the long talk and tell what this FPS (first-person shooter) masterpiece has:✔Pleasurable swordplay (many combos) & demon cutting into pieces mechanics!✔Badass looking weapons!✔Good humour & naughty easter eggs! (i personally loved it)✔Challenging ""Hero"" difficulty!✔Likeable skill/power/weapon upgrade tree!✔Main character has balls of steel! (""Mess with the bull, you get the Wang"")✔Polished game mechanics & overall polished game!✔Appealing graphics!✔Amazing scenery based on Japan (and Chinese) culture!✔Great emotional story line & lovely animated cutscenes! (during my first playthrough, in the end i had watery eyes)✔Rewarding achievements! (since it is possible for everyone to get 100% achievements, it is only a matter of time)✔Entertaining game modes!✔Great replay value!✔Many secrets!✔Gore!In conclusion, i absolutely love this game (in case you didn't already noticed that). It's definitelly one of my top FPS single player games of all time, if not the top 1. I recommend this game for everyone who like old school FPS games and want to slice some demons into peaces.Wang/10 - Would cut some more demons & and save the world again!(P.S. I just F♥♥KING love the first cutscene and that song in the car. I have watched it like 20 times already in youtube probably xD)"
,Recommended,233130,13679779,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mister Awesomesauce,"An excellent FPS. Linear story but there's a lot of reward for going off path and exploring.  The story is good and has some plot twists but the real amusment comes from the main characters snarky commentary.  Is always vulgar though so if you're easily offended by that then this may not be for you.   The weapon choices, and enhancements along with skill and power purchases make it fairly customizable and no weapon (aside from the flamethrower for me but even that can get a grenade launcher attachment) feels left out.  Enemy diversity isn't great but it isn't bad either.  The combinations of enemy encounters that they throw at you does escalate well and never feels too rediculous.  Bosses are well designed and nice to look at but the strategy for all of them is essentially the same."
76561198098961676,Recommended,233130,13543148,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Lieutenant Dan,"Exactly what this genre needs, easy to play, insanely chaotic. Worth."
,Recommended,233130,8650814,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,BFishY ><>,"Just started - will update my review.Graphics: The game is beautiful, and has a unique style which has not been done often. Resource heavy, make sure you have the hardware to run it.Gameplay: So far fun and evolving. Feels like the Classic Shadow Warrior with new machenics to explore. Three upgradable menus (Weapons, Skills, Powers) Tons of secrets with the classic shadow warrior humor. Definitely pleasantly surprised when something new happens, like you cut open a demon and a heart falls out, that you can actually use as a weapon. FUN.Problems: Not that serious but every time I launch the game my Sprint key is reset.Shame this game is not more known. Definitely a hidden gem. One of the fresher games I've played in a long time."
76561198020361485,Recommended,233130,13542684,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,DuckSlice,I saw bunnies bumping naughtlySlice up said bunniesSuddenly demonic bunny explodes into view and mauls my toes offBest Fight Ever!
76561198085882451,Recommended,233130,28906221,Posted: 1 January,all,Geezertron,"What a hilariously gory and fun game! I can't believe I never noticed this fantastic gem until recently. And I just love playing it in 3D with my Nvidia 3D Vision glasses...simply stunning in 3D! I wish they had made SW2 work in real 3D as well, as I own that one too and can't want to start it.Funny dialog, funny violence against the demon hordes, and once you learn different moves, the sword combat is ultra cool, as are the weapons. This is one of those games I'll be playing several times over.I bought the original 1990s Shadow Warrior, this 2013 reboot along with Shadow Warrior 2 for 35 bucks CDN during the Steam Winter sale. I would have been happy to just get this game for that price. What a bargain!"
,Recommended,233130,28922843,Posted: 1 January,all,[SE]Mr. Hunter,"This game was great even though I only played about 33 mins and it was just awesome I played Redux of 1997 so, LO WANG IS BACK WITH MORE CURSES AND......other things............;-;"
,Recommended,233130,28569920,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,TheHop,A great combination of old and new school shooters!
,Recommended,233130,28921366,Posted: 1 January,all,Dank Meme,"good gravy, this game is fun. The sword play, skilltree and gunplay are really well done. Simple story, but interesting.Fast, frantic action that makes good use of fun and you'll want to play."
,Recommended,233130,13190501,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,April (birthday in 284 days btw),"I've got wang of steel.Here's the real review. I'm in the 10th chapter and I feel comfortable enough to write my review for it.Pros- A good return to the classic singleplayer FPS that was popular in the 90s-early 2000s. but polished to the point where it feels Modern.- Great melee system, it's fun to slice up demons with your katana and other powers you'll get throughout the game.- Funny. I've laughed a decent amount while playing this, Lo wang is a great protaiganist and still feels like the Chinese Duke nukem from the original shadow warrior.- GORE. Tons of it.- It looks great.- Rewards you for exploration. There are a decent amount of secrets in every level, rewarding the curious type.Cons.- Isn't really optimized for low end systems, but I can manage a solid 30fps when exploring, but you will take a giant dive of FPS when you're in a battle.- Combat can get a bit repetitive, but there is a good amount of exploration in these levels that you can take a break from if you want.I would reccomend this at full price, but I personally would wait for it to go down to 15$ or lower."
76561198068064972,Recommended,233130,20279879,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,UberNoob,"In this game, you play as a bald asian guy who uses his katana to kill many things."
,Recommended,233130,27240129,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Phike,The Rabbits earned my vote for the 'Best use of a farm animal' Steam award.
,Recommended,233130,27817702,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,RageGamerUK,"If you love fast paced shooters like doom you love shadow warrior lots of blood and gore cheesy story and one liners,Game runs great had no problems myself but it shouldnt really being a few years old,Iwaould recommend this to anyone looking for the fast paced FPS of old go and buy it."
,Recommended,233130,28546162,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Kim Jong Un,"Killing is easy, Giving a♥♥♥♥♥♥is hard. Lo wang - 2013Well. look at that - Meat Piñatas. Lo wang - 2013"
76561197972412692,Recommended,233130,28476416,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Szymaa,"A solid FPS overall, with some drawbacks in design that keep it from really shining:- The Special Ki Moves are activiated by tapping a direction twice and holding a fire button. These seem to arbitrarily not work and will get you killed pretty often if you're using them in the heat of battle.- Several enemy types seem designed to take up time with Shields or other game mechanics that make them a chore to kill.- Weapon selection is a bit lacking. The starter pistol/SMG will take you through a good hunk of the game.While these are annoying, none of these keep Shadow Warrior from being a good game, just one that's not quite as good as it could've been.If it's on sale, buy it. Full Price, stay away."
,Recommended,233130,26862390,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Satan,"Зашибись игруха, мочилово ♥♥♥♥♥♥, графон вашше чоткий!"
76561198065152366,Recommended,233130,26947421,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,slendermanwoods,"Shadow Warrior was exciting to play. I could go through the game with just my katana with all my sword moves unlocked. The story was unexpectedly great, starts out as a hired deal maker with cheesy lines, but then as you go on it gets more adventuress.  I really sudjest this game to my friends and hope they like it too."
,Recommended,233130,28542152,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,haté,"makes me feel like samurai jack, so take that as you will"
76561198033657385,Recommended,233130,24276471,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Sämre än edvin,5000 hitmen in this country and I get to have this nerd.
76561198151164451,Recommended,233130,20988281,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Dangalf,I give it a 9 on the Wang-O-Meter.
,Recommended,233130,28216793,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,✪ Tommy,"+ You are a sword man, and later on you will have upgraded weapon like guns and archer.+ Exploration and fighting game+ Having some magic skill/special skill to kill the monsters+ You can clean up your katana after killing those noobs, this is so cool!- None, just get this game."
76561198119958208,Recommended,233130,26024379,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Manneken Pis,"It took me 16 hours to finish this game ... 16 marvelous hours of pure joy!Gameplay - FunGraphics - OK (2016)Story - AmazingDialogue - HilariousThere was always something new ... either a new piece of equipment, an entertaining change in the story, a new sword-move or an awesome boss-battle. This game will always be among my favorites!!"
76561197960440063,Recommended,233130,12813355,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,GetHimToTheGank,this game is too good. I'm having a blast playing it.
,Recommended,233130,13707285,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,DJ Osama Spin Laden,slice 'n dice for my boy Hoji~*~*~*~
,Recommended,233130,16841769,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Sir Lothar the Onionbeard,"I saw gameplay earlier, ""maybe it would be entertaining"" so i got this on discount.First impressions - very nice graphics, funny protagonists and entertaining gameplay, secrets almost equal with Serious Sam that made me checking every single corner and blowing up everything to find anohter supprises. But after first bloodbaths I went deeper...I never expected any deep lore from this kind of slashers, just ""hey, this is big evil guy, we must destroy him by slaying one milion of smaller evil guys!"". Shadow Warrior storyline could be in first approach something like that, but I think, that everyone who reccomend this game also was supprised how deep is the story and how big is immersion. Ending scene just makes me...I don't even have a world, just how game ends its amazing.Game is hard itself. I have the moment, when i just slashed everything like I am a god, but later game became more and more challenging when you are surronded by every type of enemies. Still its not broken, its ballanced and even more fun when encounters force on you to use every weapon, every skill and many time the enviroment! It's not a shame to play on easier diffulty, I played on normal and still it Was a challange to me.Enemies are varied, but game don't throw on us every type on the beginning. Some of them we can meet in the beginning, but others in the middle/slow endgame. They are realy different from eachself and force on player to use also other tactic to single one. Everyone played their role on battlefield and every demon we encounter doing something realy different, for example support his allies or summon other minion (but also still hurting us badly). Later game mix often almost all types, and from autopsy I can said this - In this game, more is better. You need to think many times to survive in bloodshed.Skills and equipment are satisfying. Many weapon, which every have their own advantages and cons, which makes every usefull. Upgrades maybe makes one more universal, but still not an ultimate massacre machine. You can see it especially in endgame, where its bloodbath overload. More interesing are skills, merits of swordfighting. I use katana almost everytime I can, so I can say that its created perfectly. I never felt that I need some other skill instead that i can use, same as perks.I fully recomend this game. Its awesome, one of the best production of 2014, maybe in whole gaming history. Entartaining and challanging.Only one con is that you can finish this game in max. 15 hours, but content loaded in this makes me fully satisfied."
76561197972918580,Recommended,233130,8184619,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Stalbon,"It is my strongest recommendation that if you like FPS games, you get this one.  It has the perfect combination of what's new (upgrades, powers, and a great story) with the old (lots and lots of shooting bad guys!)  The graphics engine really shows off the locales in addition to the blood and gore, and the writing and story has all the feel of a labor of love from these guys.  The guns are all very enjoyable to use, and the katana helps revolutionize quick kills, gibs, and the use of the 'alternate weapon'.  I had so much fun running through this, and while I did a lot of secret searching (many of which do a fantastic job of alluding to the original), it still clocks in as an extensive game to play through.  By all means, grab this game and start enjoying some Wang!"
,Recommended,233130,26146292,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Aleister,Great story with the old fps vibe. Definitely recommending the Shadow Warrior.
,Recommended,233130,20487754,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Spiral,"Probably the most fun I've had with a shooter (though more of a hybrid) in a VERY long time! From start to finish, the game kept me coming back over and over. It's starts very comedic, and then takes a nice, emotional turn (for the better), in the later half. Difficulty can ramp up at some points; to the point where you're forced to make use of the games guns, rather than using your sword, like you're likely gonna want to do throughout. Some of the backtracking can get confusing, at points; until you get a real handle on how the game and its levels are laid out.Very well optimized, as I never dipped below 60FPS, on max settings.Win 10 (64)i7-4790nVidia Reference GTX 970 (4GB)16GB RAM"
,Recommended,233130,4689519,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Punished Jake from state farm,You really want some Wang. 8/10Sword fighting is one of the strongest points of this game.
,Recommended,233130,26039832,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Hallidayr,Got the game on sale and i gotta say it's a good shooter but its about 3-4 chapters too long. Pretty funny also i was having a good laugh playing it.
76561198059388479,Recommended,233130,16999063,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Savagepotato45,"an amazing game and a challenging one, shadow warrior makes you feel like a true badass as you slice your way through demon hordes."
,Recommended,233130,26705558,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,BaalsDepe,"This is a great deal on sale. It's got its issues for sure, but  the game is still huge fun. The swordplay is very enjoyable and the special moves are satisfying to pull off. It can be difficult to string a few special moves together as the inputs may be eaten by the cooldown of the previous special. The dashing physics could also use some work... I often died from a two foot dash down some stairs. Some of the jokes fall very flat as well.But those issues are overshadowed by the extremely fun gameplay and combat."
,Recommended,233130,7820099,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,deathclonic,"This game is amazing, I don't really pay attention to storylines so I skipped every scene but the graphics look AWESOME, the sound is fine no issues with that, gameplay is brutal I love killing things with the katana and gunplay is alright but not the greatest, I felt like the guns needed more feedback.I would certainly recommend this game to anyone who loves fps'."
,Recommended,233130,22050645,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,cute nut,bretty gwud
,Recommended,233130,22952554,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Finn.,Great game with fun and addictive combat. Story was also quite good although there was one or two missions that were really boring and not fun to play through. Would Reccomend
76561198054785859,Recommended,233130,13520026,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Bosworth,I killed a demon bunny with death metal playing in the backround. 10/10 would kill again
,Recommended,233130,20290677,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Poesje,Lots of action with the feeling and fun of the original game.
,Recommended,233130,10950619,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,B3h3m1th,awesome game
76561198008683539,Recommended,233130,32147710,Posted: 3 June,all,Ningauble,"Like the Transformers reboot. And the Marvel Cinematic universe. This is so much better than it should be. It should be a soullses capilization on nostalgic gameplay and♥♥♥♥♥♥humor. There is 8==> humor. There's also some good head humor. Not to spend the money (shot) too quickly, but it's a fresh, and original story with a unique enough gameplay to offer a good time. I'd have to say it feels a little over priced at fourty dollars, if, only because the level design and chapter length at times verges on the tedious. A mainstay of the game is humor and I was entertained by the banter. I feel like more could have been fun, but in many ways they did a very good job of less-is-more. I look forward to (maybe) playing a sequel. I expect a sequel to this will have a less impressive story, but, it'll be good to get my Wang out with some friends and ...... well, I imagine you can imagine. We're going to have a good time. ;)"
76561197968655249,Recommended,233130,8442131,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Steel Serenity,"Sticky bomb likes you! Well good ole sticky, I like you too! And the slicing, oh, the dicing! It's marvelously gory, tremendously well-written and hilariously ridiculous! Oh and it looks and feels just like good old Lo-Wang came to haunt us one more time. I really enjoyed this classic return to the chopping block. A must-play for any lover of swords and big kabooms! Everything blows up! Anything! And so do all caught in their destructive path! I never figured out why the bicycle just wouldn't go boom though..."
,Recommended,233130,13895217,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,[A.]Reaper,"So I loved the original Shadow Warrior.  It had a different premise, being that not many other games took place in the Oriental world, and the humor was great.  So of course I wanted to play the new Shadow Warrior.  In a nutshell, it was fun, but lacking in certain elements.First off, the swordfighting is a blast, and will probably be your main means of attack.  Lo Wang carries a katana around at all times, and although you do get access to a few guns, they aren't nearly as useful as the sword.  Once you learn the Wing of Crane ability, there's almost no need to use the guns, since that ability gives you a ranged attack.  When wielding the katana, you can slice and dice your enemies into bits, and it's all strangely satisfying.  You can also throw shurikens, but there's no reason as they aren't accurate or powerful at all.As for the guns, you get access to a pistol, submachine guns, crossbow, shotgun, flamethrower, and rocket launcher.  None of them are particularly useful though.  In addition, there are iron sights, yet the game is too faced paced to properly use them, plus the iron sights aren't as accurate as you would think.  I normally turn off crosshairs when possible, but I found that the iron sights are typically setbelowthe crosshair, so take my advice and just keep the crosshair on and skip the iron sights.The game's visuals are just amazing, and there's not much else to say to describe them.  The developers did an amazing job capturing the atmosphere and feel of the land.  In addition, enemies will split apart when attacked with the katana, and can be mutilated in different ways.As you play, you'll earn both money and karma.  Money is used to upgrade your guns or buy ammo, the latter of which I've never needed to do once.  Karma is used to earn special powers, and can be considered the XP of the game.  Every time you level up, you'll earn a karma point, which can be traded in for skills such as fire protection, more powerful Ki attacks, or faster healing rates.Speaking of Ki, there are a lot of different Ki moves available.  Some of them deal out major damage, and others are used as supportive abiltiies, such as the starting healing ki.  All Ki moves are done by double tapping a movement key and pressing a mouse button.  For example, to heal, you press D twice and then the special key.  To do the lunging stab Ki attack, you press W twice, then the left mouse button (or whatever button it is to do the primary attack).  These are simple enough to do, which adds to the simplicity of the sword fighting.My biggest complaint about the game is the lack of true humor.  The original DOS Shadow Warrior was littered with small one liners that made you chuckle a bit.  I understand that they tried to be ""politically correct"", but in doing so, ruined the comedy of the game.  Yes, fortune cookies are lying around, mainly just used for quick humor, and those are great, but Lo Wang lacks any of the one liners that made him ""famous"" in the original game.  When doing Ki attacks, sometimes he'll say something, but it's always the same line, not pulled from a pool of recorded dialog.  For example, when doing the Shockwave ability, Lo Wang will always say ""Pull my finger.""  It may be funny the first time, but that's it.  If you use that ability a lot, you'll be hearing that quite often.Overall, it's definitely worth a play.  The gameplay is solid and fun, and that's really what makes the game.  The story is fairly confusing at first (at least to me), but the ending scenes do tie everything up quite nicely.  I just wish there was a bit more of the old-school humor in the game."
,Recommended,233130,32810613,Posted: 26 June,all,♿ Svinhugg,nice game for pro samurai players
76561198117858058,Recommended,233130,28690850,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,? ? ?,"Currently 3hours in the campain, enjoying the ever living **** outta slaughtering demons left right and center... For 3.5$ Its definetly worth it, trust me i dont get alot to spend. But this game was money well spent. Even for 10$ without the sale its still one hell of a game."
76561198048054884,Recommended,233130,28870274,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Tchesco,"This game is like WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAI's like your basic campaign shooter, but with KATANAS, and DEMONS!...katanas... anddemons...Look, it's good."
,Recommended,233130,28888481,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,GutsPose,A great FPS game with good story and amazing controls. Do you like samurai swords? guns? demons? buy this game and enter the WANG!Pro's:- Awesome feeling combat- Plenty of secrets to find- great selection of enemies- great level design- lots of WangCon's:- humor is not for everyoneBuy it!
,Recommended,233130,28895150,Posted: 1 January,all,Fenrir Prime,Excellent game.  Good old fashioned shoot 'em up with a good story and great one liners.  The homages and easter eggs are fun to spot as well.  9/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,233130,28931687,Posted: 1 January,all,Amish,"remarkably enjoyable game.  although there are definite frustrations with getting lost, maybe that's just me and my reliance on mission markers.good graphics, seems to be well optimised and okay controls once you get used to them."
,Recommended,233130,13587987,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Vicky,Yasuo Simulator 10/10
,Recommended,233130,14751577,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,dan,"Hack, slash, or shoot your way through waves of monsters in order to get all the pieces of the Nobitsura Kage in this 90's reboot. You play as Lo Wang, a modern day assassin, fighting your way through the chapters in the game alongside Hoji, a demon banished from the underworld. Whether you chose to split your enemies with a katana or with bullets, each kill is as satisfying as the last one. Add some absolutely beautiful environments to that and you get one of the better games of 2013.Pros:+Extremely satisfying sword mechanics, especially if played using a controller+The environments in this game are absolutely stunning, with lighting that can be described as perfect+Multiple difficulties to chose from+Survival game mode has just the right amount of challenge to it+Interesting story with characters that are unique to say the least+Each chapter takes at least 30 minutes to beat, easily making the game last you 10 hours+Weapons are balanced, making the game fun no matter what you use+The katana offers a versatile style of play+Comes with Viscera Cleanup Detail+Did I mention how beautiful this game looks?+BunniesCons:-Can get extremely repetitive after a while, though still very fun-Boss battles can be a bit awkward at times, though they are very doable-Though the glowing objective system works fantastically, it is a bit difficult to make out in a few environmentsTo sum up this 90's reboot, it's a must have. The gameplay is fun, the story is entertaining, and the graphics are absolutely gorgeous. Whether it's on sale or not, it is definitely worth the money. If you're looking for fun game, you found it.8/10"
,Recommended,233130,25403689,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Sherlock,Wang is a funny guy.
,Recommended,233130,17539502,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,TheMissingFactors,this is the greatest
,Recommended,233130,17528036,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,MeiSquawk,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is fantastic! The game looks fantastic the sword and gunplay are both great! THe humor is also just fantastic. The game also includes a god damn FOV slider! It's also just a joy to play.
76561198148300801,Recommended,233130,17537752,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,J27,I have only played this game at least a less than ten minutes and its already fun.
,Recommended,233130,17542135,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,≡KizzeL≡,"Only played a few minutes of this game so far, but my god it's beautiful in every way.  I've always been a fan of the origina Shadow Warrior, and this one looks like it will live up to and surpass it's predecessor!  A must play for fans of the fps genre!"
,Recommended,233130,17528317,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Ill_Koala,"Got attacked by a demon rabbit. 10/10So far, I'm loving this game"
,Recommended,233130,10400501,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Rich™,"This Shadow Warrior is a great throwback to the original 1997 release. It’s super gory and I am so far very impressed, at first I didn’t want the game because I loved the original so much but after reading up and watching a few videos on YouTube I am not disappointed at all. The sword play is smooth and fun, tons of laughs and references.The game is very crude, but that doesn’t make it bad it adds to the charm. I will recommend this game to anyone who loves FPS, sword play and just having a great time while you laugh at the game.  It is a very underrated game... don't let it slip away!"
,Recommended,233130,10015190,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Csbears,This game was everything that Duke Nukem Forever was supposed to be.  A cheesy action hero with a cheesy name who spits out bad♥♥♥♥♥one liners left right and center.  The game is full of love for the old shadow warrior and secrets that show the development of this game was a passion project.  A good story is also told with very detailed art design to boot.  One of the very best bad♥♥♥♥♥action romps to come out since games like Painkiller. If you enjoy having fun and feeling like a ninja with guns this is the game for you.
,Recommended,233130,9040680,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Death_Reaper,"Coming from such a ridiculous pedigree of classic shooters such as Duke Nukem 3d, Doom, and Rise  of the Triad; Shadow Warrior feels like the most successful reboot or reimagining of a classic shooter so far. This is evidenced with the monumental failure of Duke Nukem Forever, the putrid single player component of Rise of the Triad, and Doom 3 being not a classic shooter at all. Shadow Warrior feels like a classic shooter. It comes from Flying Wild Hog and Devolver Digital who were involved with games like Hard Reset, Hotline Miami, and the Serious Sam series; all of which are good games with classic over the top gameplay.Shadow Warrior sticks to that and plays like a mix of a hack and slasher with Serious Sam and Bulletstorm sprinkled on top; with loads of enemies and bonuses for special attacks and variety in combat. The game plays and feels like a classic shooter but with brilliant game design innovations of the modern era; something that Rise of the Triad forgot about. Combat feels responsive and smooth. Nearly every weapon has a use and specific benefits; except for maybe the flamethrower which felt like a throw away. The enemies range from cannon fodder to ridiculously over-powered to priority #1 targets in combat with the necromancer enemies being the most important to kill first seeing as they resurrect all lesser demons.What this game does extremely well is teach you the game through playing it. Enemy introduction functions very simply, they throw 1 of the new enemy type at you at a time with nothing else around so you can see what they look like, what they do, and how to compensate for them. It shows you everything in a very stable environment where you can't really be distracted by anything else. Nearly every new mechanic is introduced like this and makes learning the game very easy. It doesn't necessarily hold your hand but does show you what you need to know in a way that keeps the game going; there are a few tutorials early on but they go away very quickly.The story's nothing too amazing but it does come together at the end and while the ending is very sad it doesn't pull any heart strings.Not everything is perfect in this game and I ran into quite a few bugs where I couldn't progress with some of the levels because a combat arena didn't flag that everything was dead yet. It can be extremely annoying but they weren't deal breakers in terms of bugs.I was extremely skeptical of this game seeing as how Rise of the Triad was pretty awful and how Hard Reset tried to itch that classic shooter vibe but didn't quite nail it. Having picked it up from a Steam sale, I can say this game was definitely worth it. It was a very fun and fresh take on the classic shooter genre that I think deserves more respect than it has."
76561197960513829,Recommended,233130,7594941,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,EagleEye,"Shadow Warrior is awesome!  Its made by the same devs who made Hard Reset, so they did a similar upgrade to the classic 90's formula for the modern generation.  This game has the best melee combat I've seen in an FPS too.  It has a genius control scheme that seamlessly combines Guns, Katana, and Ki power combat, using fighting game-style button combos to perform various Ki powered katana attacks and stand alone Ki attacks that can be used in parallel with the katana or guns.  There is also a sophisticated, multifaceted upgrade system to really customize the way you want to play the game.I can't recommend this game enough, buy it now, especially while its still on sale!"
,Recommended,233130,8753160,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,StarFire,"Great twit on the regenerating health. Powers, katanas and guns. Crazy demons and comedy with an underlying unique storyline. Well worth paying full price for."
,Recommended,233130,12791231,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,abcismasta,"Starts as a funny, irreverant, kill everything first-person shooter/slasher, but ends as a touching story of forbidden love and betrayal."
76561198063803819,Recommended,233130,10896402,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,A gᅇd ﬆe㏂ ㎁me,"This is a great game. Just be sure to have a good computer to run it with or you will be headed for lag central even on dirt settings. My peasantry didn't allow me to buy a nicer system to run this game but I still enjoyed it nevertheless. Overall, if it's on sale I definitly recommend it for the action/humor points as well as some beautifully constructed gameplay and graphics.*update*Got a better computer and it's great."
,Recommended,233130,10857698,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,SkulleN,"This is an awesome FPS - It has cool guns, killer enemies (from demonic peons to skyscraper sized monstrosities), non-linear level design, secret areas, hilarious dialogue, and a plot that's actually fairly epic, told through artsy comic book-like cut scenes.My favorite piece of dialogue (paraphrased):Hoji: ""You know my name? You must be the chosen one the prophecy spoke of.""Lo Wang: ""Really?! What else does the prophecy say?""Hoji: ""That the chosen one will believe any G**-D*** thing you tell him...""I really don't understand some of these ""professional"" reviews on Metacritic. The one guy wrote that the levels are large and it's easy to get lost. Hello...this is called non-linear level design. It used to be that all FPS were this way. Now get off my lawn."
,Recommended,233130,18099187,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,P e a s a n t,Play it.
,Recommended,233130,22109204,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,shibbeh,games great. you need a more modern graphics card to run it fully. I sure as hell cant. I played and beat this on ps4 and in the back of my mind the whole time im sitting there thinking this is suppose to be a pc game. you can just feel it when your controlling your wang. your wang moves so much better on a pc than a console and i can make my wang swing swords more effectively on pc. all around. wangs better on pc. just make sure your computer can handle it. seriously.
76561198244154484,Recommended,233130,22054071,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,The Suspect,Can't Use? In Keyboard? Go Setting Change Your ControllerI Know How You Feel That Chapter XD
76561197976895272,Recommended,233130,22991712,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Nvidkiller,Haven't played a single player story game through in a while. I picked this up for no reason inparticular and damn was I blown away. The mechanics and the story are addicting as hell. I even put off playing doom4 a day so I could finish this...I've waited over a decade for that sequel! Pick this up when it goes on sale and tear♥♥♥♥♥♥up...Lo Wang style.
76561198006437466,Recommended,233130,7999428,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Legion,"I've really enjoyed my time with this. I find it astonishing that more people didn't snap it up during the last sale! The game is a wonderfully up-to-date dose of oldschool shooter goodness - the guns are excessive, the action is frantic, the gore is intense and IT. IS. GLORIOUS. :D The dialogue is wonderfully cheesy, as are the in game jokes, but it's all part of the charm, think Onimusha meets Duke Nukem - Oriental sensibilities and setting/daemonology with a ridiculously over the top protagonist who is in on the fact that the game is out to be fun. I highly recommend this, great for long time FPS fans and newcomers too!A--Legion"
,Recommended,233130,10510862,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Merm,They changed Mitsubishi to Titsubichi on the back of a truck.10/10
76561197972162477,Recommended,233130,13508189,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Reigan Cross,One of the best shooters of recent memory...
,Recommended,233130,13507655,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Sveedesh Feesch,Full of Wang jokes
,Recommended,233130,14862161,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,東方の黑猫✿,A Very Verrryyyy GOOD! Game!!!-I dont know bout this game but im having fun!
,Recommended,233130,16735987,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Brocolli,"A modern reboot of an old classic, but does it still hold up as a modern game. With blood and wang jokes everywhere, I would say yesPros:+Skill trees and upgrades+Lots of weapons+Great swordplay+Secrets+Secret areas referencing to the original+Jokes between Hoji and Lo Wang+Story (I would have expected it to be pretty bad considering it is a mindless shooter but the story took a more serious tone in the last few chapters)+Replay value+Different sword skins+Good map design (encorporates secrets and backtracking like the original)Cons:-Is a mindless shooter at times-No co-opFinal Verdict:A great reboot of a classic game that still works and is fun to play8/10"
76561198099678337,Recommended,233130,24677517,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,[BFC] Scott Evil,"I've only played 36 minutes of this game, and I will tell you this: I already love it.GET THE GAME YOU HEATHEN."
76561198176043818,Recommended,233130,24670670,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,FinnishGamer908,This is one of these games you must own
,Recommended,233130,9288902,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,"eDo, Death's Demise",After im through (on insane) now i can say its great and amazing. Just a blast. No doubts best surprisingly Game of 2013. Such a nice gameplay and fit story. Gameplay is like an Oldschool-FPS with new Elements like skilltrees and so on. Katana fightstyle with the combos is so badass good ;) And no hyped Pre-Commercial for that game before release. DLC will be great :> So much underrated Game! Very well done epic piece of passion to deliver people a great game. True
76561198040811698,Recommended,233130,8112339,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Darkclaw3050,"I remember playing and enjoying the original Shadow Warrior a long time ago, and this reimagination of the game did justice to the Shadow Warrior name. With lots of weapons and choices for paths along which to advance character abilities, you will undoubtedly be able to find a way to play that is fun and suited to you. Be mindful there is plenty of cursing and demon chopping. Also, I like sword; that's a personal weapon."
76561198074931564,Recommended,233130,22100238,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,glug,"I know I'm not the first person to say this but,10/10 on the Wang-o-meter"
76561197992453705,Recommended,233130,15864744,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,--LaKasaflark,"One of the best FPS's I've played.- Graphics are good- Loading times are short- Humor is good- Plot is goodOnly bad things I've found this far are that Steam achievements have bugs and once I think I didn't get to use the Ki crystal I collected.More Shadow Warrior, please!"
,Recommended,233130,15831541,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,dj_moyer,"Do you enjoy martial arts games?  Are you a fan of yakuza/gangster films?  Would you like to take on an army of demons and their human servants armed with nothing more than your sword and your sarcasm?""Who wants Lo Wang?""Great action game.  You're a low-level gangster, trying to buy a sword for your boss.  Problem is, dude won't sell.  He knows your boss is working for some demons.  Doesn't want them to destroy the world or whatever.  So you gotta ""convince"" him.  Yeah, you're a thug.  But you're good with a sword and you're funny as hell.As the game progresses, you start to question whether you're on the right side of things.  Eventually the thug evolves into the hero.  Or something like that.  Quit reading reviews and just get the game already!  It's not that expensive, is it?"
,Recommended,233130,15986461,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Muut,"I never played the original Build engine game of Shadow Warrior, but this is what Duke Nukem Forever should have been - an awesome reboot bringing back the gameplay values of its era powered by a modern engine.The implementation is a little like the Serious Sam series, but don't let that put you off if, like me, you're not a fan. It's a series of semi-technical combat 'arenas' in which you need to choose your weapons and tactics carefully so as not to be overwhelmed, joined together by explore-and-lewt sections, but Shadow Warrior seems to pull it all together a lot better than other games of the same ilk. The story is.. just ok.. for the majority of the game, but it rounds it out and sets the mood well enough to make it feel as though you have a purpose beyond go-there-kill-everything-repeat.Not that that would be a big problem - the combat is immensely satisfying, with the game offering a large variety of ways to blow up, burn, electrify, perforate, and slice and dice the reasonably varied set of lesser and greater demons that you'll run into. You always have a few options on how to tackle a given situation, and throughout the game you'll be upgrading your sword skills, Chi powers, and less-up-close-and-personal weaponry to increase them.The game also features a few boss battles which, although a little samey, make for a nice change of pace from the frantic melee of the rest of the game.Hard difficulty recommended if you're a regular fps player - the difficulty paces pretty well, and by the time you're hitting the stiffer challenges of the later levels you should be good enough to whoop them if you've invested a bit of time in hunting down some of the secret xp-stashes that are lying about. Learn the special moves and make sure you've got your dodge key bound and you'll be kicking demon backside.TLDR; had a blast - play this if you like to chop things up with a sword while listening to corny 'wang' jokes.LO WANG / 10"
,Recommended,233130,15860038,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Valak Morghulis,Pros:- Tons of enemies to rip apart!- Slashing demons with katana is just wonderful...- ...but so is shooting them to their death!- Gorgeous graphics- Tons of secrets to find- Great fights with giant bosses (reminds me good old Painkiller)- Hilarious humor (I couldn't help myself from searching for fortune cookies)- Lo Wang!- Hoji!- Pretty nice plotCons:- Well... I'll have to think it through...9/10
76561198071369389,Recommended,233130,15984022,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,yogysic,Thank you developers for making this game playable on Mac. Awesome shooter n slasher!
76561198075965736,Recommended,233130,16041469,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Wilmurion,Had real fun playing this. A lot of gore and shenanigans
76561197996666596,Recommended,233130,15858349,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,hawaiian_lab,Fun game in a genre that has become stale. This will revitalize your FPS experience.
,Recommended,233130,9251607,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,"Digit 3,000,001",This game is amazing!I've happily spent hours diving through the content this game has to offer and it's older style of gameplay and mechanics merged with the modern concepts of graphic fidelity and smooth rich atmosphere's make this game a blood-lusters fantasy of the older gamer!It has a few similarities and nods to it's older brother and this reboot is a must-have for any enterprising FPS twisted gamer!
,Recommended,233130,23024142,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,vanD2K,"Epic Game,Don t choose normal difficulty, choose directly hard for real fun."
76561198049226625,Recommended,233130,13111631,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,miamse,"Great oldschool game, doesn't take itself seriously, really fun swordplay, and it even has guns!"
,Recommended,233130,25066782,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Valletta Meme Master,This game has better fortune cookies than my local chinese resturant. 10/10
,Recommended,233130,14036619,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Mides,"How could I describe this game ?You play a chinese Duke Nukem, and you make a few Wang jokes.10/10 IGN"
,Recommended,233130,22047054,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,CorkScrewDood,"My name is Lo Wang, and I have a sword. Never gets old."
,Recommended,233130,17271372,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Banana Waffle,D ick Joke Simulator 2013Remember when fps were fun?looking forward to the sequel
,Recommended,233130,26109449,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,fadilizer,I have a physical actual boner right now
,Recommended,233130,13796002,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Fíggzy,
,Recommended,233130,13569586,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ILL EAGLE,"Despite the low difficulty(I advice to choose directly Insane) and a engine completely outdated at the release, this game ♥♥♥♥ every ""modern FPS's gameplay"". Fast paced gameplay like games such Painkiller or good old Serious Sam, you'll enjoy fighting hordes of demons with guns and especially, the katana.The Katana is the key weapon of Shadow Warrior's gameplay, making it a very different fast FPS. Forget about unleashing your firepower, full backpedal, you just have to dance with your powers in this deadly ballet.So, if you hope to see more excellent FPS, just buy it!"
,Recommended,233130,8552414,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Darpy Adultman,"""Lo Wang""""Wang-o-Meter""""Wangcave""11/10 must buy"
,Recommended,233130,21883324,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,CUBE,"A friend of mine tipped me this game, and i am glad he did. I remember playing the original somewhere in the 90ies (now remastered and on steam).http://store.steampowered.com/app/225160/Bad day at the office, girlfriend/husband/wife giving you a hard time, dog took a dump on your new carpet? Step in Lo Wang's shoes and wreck some havoc!Pro's:- Stress release simulator- Classic styled fps (think Duke Nukem etc.)- Comical dialogues if you like cheese that is- Smooth gameplay (melee/ranged)- Original skills/powers- Lots of Easter Eggs- Horny bunnies- Fortune cookies- Steam achievements & trading cardsCon's:- Can sometimes become repetative due to lack of variation in katana skillsVerdict:8/10 Full price worthy*As of writing the game is on sale (90% off) and an absolute steal:http://store.steampowered.com/app/233130/"
,Recommended,233130,9122695,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,n4tivo,"Awesome game, descent storyline, will keep you on your toes from start to finish. Beautifully rendered, weapons will feel right (katana just kicks major♥♥♥♥♥ ending left me yearning for more. If you are looking for a awesome/badass classical shooter, Shadow Warrior is for you."
,Recommended,233130,12839275,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Damien09,very good game ...forget about guns and shooting  ..even using samurai sword feel so great
76561198045703981,Recommended,233130,26594110,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,GiggleBomb,"Now this game is pretty great dont get me wrong, the gun play is great, the sword play is phenominal (at first i thought the sword was going to be ""that melee weapon that you use when you have no ammo"" in these kind of games) but i find myself using the sword alot more so then even the guns (which i still think have a good feel to them especially the shotgun and crossbow). The problem with it though for me is some of the odd things in the game, like how there are a couple diffculty spikes in the game, and one of the sword attacks called Iron Circle (allows you to swing your sword in a circle, to kill the enemies around you) seems like it doesnt do enough damage to take down or even severaly damage the that surround you, leading you to do the attack again, just swing your sword wildly for a more direct approch, or take out your machine gun and spin in a circle instead. Overall, its a pretty good game despite all this, funny dialog by your protagonist Lo Wang, Music in the game is amazing and really brings you into the atmosphere of the game. Id give this game a 9/10."
,Recommended,233130,22844522,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,SkullZ0MBIE,Wow...What a Game! If you enjoy FPS. Then this is a game for you with Katana! 2 thumbs up! Super fun. I enjoy playing it over and over again. Find it on Sale and Buy it! A Must have for any PC Gamer!
,Recommended,233130,22633845,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Matrix,In this game you can reload your sword and find a fortune cookie that says:404: Fortune not found.10/10 would find that cookie once again.
,Recommended,233130,13579990,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,True Ogre ©,Awesome. No need to enter gore sites anymore. hahahaaahha
,Recommended,233130,8349700,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,marnamai,"Absolutely amazing game, fun to play (especially the katana), a nice story with a sad twist at the end, beautifull and atmospheric environments. I am genuinely looking forward to whatever Flying Wild Hog is up to!"
,Not Recommended,233130,13701008,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Schwerbelastung,"Not quite as good as the original, but okay as an FPS game. I wish at least the voice acting would be more like in the original though. :("
,Recommended,233130,31134172,Posted: 14 April,all,wi[Z]ard,"After completing an intense gameplay for 14 hrs , this game is worth the money.The first-person hack and slash experience is new for me, and I can say, I was not dissapointed at all.This game is fun, serious and humourous at the same time.Long level gameplays, with 17 chapters in the game, this game will take 12 hrs on an average to complete. For that amount of gameplay, anyone would love to pay for this.The combos and the powers in the game are very useful and are extremely helpful in defeating the enemiesInteresting characters and great artworks in the cutscenes. The story is well written, not too good either. Sometimes, you get so lost in the whole hack and slash experience , that you lose track of why.Pros:- Great Gameplay Experience-Good Rewarding and Upgrade System-Weapon Mechanics and Crosshair Functions are good.-Effective enemy AI, even in Causal mode, its not easy to complete the game.-The Secrets in the game are well hidden, adds interesting features in the whole huge level designs.Cons:-Graphics can be improved.-Lot of grinding for money and ammo.-A better tutorial would help a lot.-It gets unclear at time, where to progress ahead, But, in this game, always look for the shiny and blinking stuff. I would have been more happy if there was atleast a small mini map or a better way to highlight checkpoints. Sometimes, its really unclear where to progress.-No way to change controls are combo methods. All combos are based with W,A,S,D keys along with LMB & RMB. This becomes extremely confusing when you panicking with 30 demons hunting you. You get used to it anyway.P.S; There is a minecraft secret in the game, which I found all on my own. I was really surprised and happy. I wont tell where or in which chapter it is in.Happy Demon Hunting!-wiZard"
,Recommended,233130,11668313,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,B I G G I E,bloody as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,233130,12303510,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,psyCZo,So much fun! Great sense of humor!
,Recommended,233130,12323303,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,The Mosquito Man,You won't regret buying this.
76561198084001616,Recommended,233130,34468088,Posted: 24 August,all,ButtButt,"Bad♥♥♥♥♥action, great humor, almost nothing to complain about whatsoever. Sometimes it can be easy ot get lost or lose what your objective may be but it doesnt hinder the experience any. 9/10"
,Recommended,233130,7367173,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,DarkStarSword,"Very good FPS (that is, First Person **Slasher** - also features some quite good gunplay in case that's your thing ;-)This has to be the most rediculously pretty game ever - you start amongst Japan's famous Cherry Blossoms and the beauty keeps up the whole way through (unlike numerous other games). I played it in 3D, which just made everything all the more beautiful.I wasn't into the story of this one so much (a lot of it just went over my head to be honest), but that gameplay was very refreshing and more than made up for it - it brings all the best parts of old school shooters without the all the baggage.It also brings some extremely satisfying swordplay to the table - quite possibly the best we have ever experienced in a video game and easily my favourite means of dispatching enemies outside of boss fights.It doesn't matter if you have played the original or not (the original is free btw), if you have played the original there is plenty of homage to be found - the anime girls are back (completely unchanged) and there are even a couple of secret areas straight out of the original (like Lo Wang's Dojo of Death from level 1, or the Dark Woods from later in the game). If you haven't played the original, don't worry - this game easily stands by itself, you'll just miss a couple of references (like why there are rabbits everywhere - oh yeah, the ""no ordinary rabbit"" is back - kinda...).I have to give it bonus points for having zero rendering artefacts with nVidia 3D Vision and a crosshair that's actually usable in 3D (i.e. positioned some distance into the scene)! I won't be uploading any screenshots (other than the glitch shots I already uploaded) since they're all in 3D and I don't particularly feel like converting and importing them to Steam. Just check the community hub if you want to see some screenshots ;)"
,Recommended,233130,25972034,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Jizgoth (ono),"Not many games come to mind that balance gameplay, comedy and the classic shootem up/hack n slash cult vibes. This is a genre re-defining game people!!400/420 a lighthearted game by OG gamers for OG gamers ;3"
,Recommended,233130,26933423,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vemödalen,this game is pretty dope
,Recommended,233130,27883556,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Gender-Neutral Asexual Username,Swashbuckling Fun
76561198019457626,Recommended,233130,27455546,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Trinimilitia,The Duke Nukem guys need to learn how to do a remake from these guys.
76561198060959179,Recommended,233130,26937887,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AHAHEUGHH,Helped me advance in my sushi cutting career
,Recommended,233130,9068212,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,KnickKnacks,"Play this ♥♥♥♥ing game. Shhh, no questions.... play it..."
,Recommended,233130,17552641,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Kange,"this gameis incredibleso long, cool and new kind of enemies, all varieties of weapons and upgradestruly recommend getting this, esspecially on salesnormally 34 euros, now 3,49get it now!"
76561197966058501,Recommended,233130,33426073,Posted: 10 July,all,ekoenig,"Great Game.Funny, much Action and good Gameplay. What else do you want ?"
76561198166260469,Recommended,233130,33540506,Posted: 14 July,all,HONEYBADGER,this is the bloodiest game i have EVER played and i've played alot of games but this is truly AMAZING! you can literally dismember demons with a handgun NO JOKE! its FREAKING HILARIOUS! 100% LAUGH YOUR♥♥♥♥♥OFF CONTENT!
76561198373168801,Recommended,233130,33547152,Posted: 14 July,all,Rorschack14,"Great gameplay,story,characters,humor,a lot of variety in gameplay and enviroment.The boss fights are repetitive.9/10"
76561198012369156,Recommended,233130,33431882,Posted: 10 July,all,Njalst,Its like Wolfenstein but with Demons and Samurai.....whats not to love?8.5/10
,Recommended,233130,33540009,Posted: 14 July,all,Nick,I bought this game in steam sale for a few £s and it was well worth the money. It's fun and fast paced. The environment is colourful and the game mechanics lend to the speedy feel of the game as a whole.
,Recommended,233130,33300442,Posted: 5 July,all,they talk about my bot frags,"As of now, this game is amazing, and I'm glad I got it for a cheap price of $3.90. However, the game runs really poorly on my computer, even at the lowest settings + lowest resolution (4:3), I still run this game at about 20-30fps & a poor 10fps whenever there is a fight scene, therefore I have no choice but to refund it (hopefully); maybe I'll get this game again IF I get a new PC, but for now, I would have to give this pass, but having played 1hr, I must say that this game is fun, and recommend anyon who is hesitant to get it, to JUST GET IT (but do check your PC requirements, don't make the same mistake as me)."
76561198101497122,Recommended,233130,11247369,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Big Barnacle,"This game is awesome. In a world of burly white dudes with voices that sound like they swallowed a comb, an asian protagonist with a voice that isn't as gravelly as chain smoking cocaine addict os ertainly welcome. That is of course not the original intent of the game and indeed not what makes it good. What makes it good is colorful environments, good level design, and amazing combat. The swordplay joyous, that's the only word to do it justice. It is just as important, if not more important, than the gunplay and is incredibly satisfying. The gunplay is well varied with all upgrades being very useful and having a visual effect on the weapon. All in all, the developer did an amazing job with this, and deserves all of your money."
76561198080191644,Recommended,233130,11308808,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,EpixLynx,10/10 Super bloody awesomeness
,Recommended,233130,11231762,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,ShivaNata,"General Overview: If you hated Borderlands or Borderlands 2 because of its off color humor you will hate Shadow Warrior as the humor is beyond Borderlands - but if you can tolerate or even enjoy slightly immature and grin and bear it humor, then this game is a great one to play. Well written dialogue, a decent story, solid shooting, well done sound, incredible graphics and smooth game play make this a shooter that is worthy of the Shadow Warrior name as a reboot and if you like shooters this is one you should pick up.TL;DNR: 8.5: A humorous over the top shooter, tons of loot, hidden secrets, decent story, great action and solid game play with beautiful graphics make this a shooter for those with a sense of humor and desire for lots of combat. Sound is great, soundtrack is fitting and there is never a dull moment.Technology/engine: 9: super smooth execution although a number of loading screens that are placed in such a way as to not be annoying and keeps the graphical fidelity high and controls responsive.AI: 8: Serviceable but a bit predictable but when the individual AIs of the mobs get mixed it gets intense and is enjoyable.Graphics: 10: Gorgeous sets, great character models, wonderful animations, great cut scenes and great use of 2D cut scenes for memories. Flying Hog deserves high marks for the graphics used in this game.Sound: 8: Sound effects are well done but occasional source to reception issues can be found in the game that prevent you from spotting the source at a longer distance. Otherwise its a solid ambient soundscape that creates immersion and adds to the game.Soundtrack: 9: Great music throughout, I especially liked the unnerving heavy metal on the appearance of the black rabbit - one of the funniest and weirdly frightening moments that was totally unexpected in the game.Voice acting: 9: Solid cheesy delivery and poignant when needed or appropriate.Crafting: N/ACustomization: 9: Customization includes various powers, skills and weapon customization all of which are rewarding and make a difference in the game.Game play systems: 9: Really well mixed variety of weapons and abilities and the game scales with a difficulty spike if you are just ripping through. A number of the fights almost feel unfair until you find a technique to deal with the situation and the tools are always there.Controls: 8: Slightly awkward controls that are occasionally unresponsive or do something other than what was intended - ie D-D-RMB is supposed to heal you but will occasionally perform the RMB function of the weapon - which can kill you of course. Perhaps when it comes out for consoles it will function better (although I hate to play shooters on console - prefer mouse and keyboard). Other than that it functions well.Story: 9: I was surprised at the quality of the story, the great use of humor and the still poignant tale that is weaved into over the top violence and silliness that really, somehow, works well.Multiplayer: N/A"
76561198051512355,Recommended,233130,11241284,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,newminwan,10/10 Bunnies and funny fortune cookies.
76561198061027845,Recommended,233130,11305050,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Matt_,Yllättävän hauska
,Recommended,233130,11307617,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Gpegz,Bloody amazing!!!!
,Recommended,233130,11282734,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,_Mancer_,"A great update of an old-school type shooter. Combat is just done right, with smooth, quick movement, useful powers, and weapons that have a great feel to them. The story is genuinely interesting and the characters are well-written, well-voiced and often very funny. One of the best shooters I've played in a long time."
76561197963648674,Recommended,233130,11294815,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,ENEMY OF THE SUN,Excellent game ! Very funny and well made.
76561197960492182,Recommended,233130,11230328,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,durito,Loved the original Shadow Warrior.  Enjoyed this very much especially the swordplay.  This game isn't for people looking for any open world free roam tactical cover first person shooter.  The breaks in between fights were a bit of a drag though.  I would've loved to have had more enemies to hack apart with the katana but it was still alright.  Overall if I had a rating system I would give this a....   8.559/10  because whole numbers get lonely too.
,Recommended,233130,11783228,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,swarzee,Great game with good visuals and entertaining gameplay full of humor. FPS hack and slash best describes this game lol.
,Recommended,233130,7924894,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Vitaly,Funny and mindless demon slaughter FPS with a surprisingly satisfying melee focused combat system. I ended up enjoying this way more than I should.
76561198041941717,Recommended,233130,34752484,Posted: 5 September,all,Fonggy,Live wang and prosper.
76561198304317010,Recommended,233130,34744207,Posted: 4 September,all,Levoxy,"10/10A fantastic game! I wasn't expecting too much when I first started playing- a cheesy slasher was the most I thought it would be. How wrong I was.Shadow Warrior will surprise you with its robust combat mechanics, stunning level design, plot and character design.The first couple of hours can be frustrating, as you settle on the sword-fighting controls. I opted for the full monty; slash direction is decided by your mouse movement and let me tell you, it made the experience that bit more satisfying!If you're patient enough to progress through the skill trees (by earning Karma, money and Ki crystals) and learn all of the basic moves before anything else, then you will find the game to be incredibly fun, whilst still being challenging.In addition to your sword, Lo Wang will pick up a variety of weapons as he progresses through the campaign. These weapons add depth to any player's combat-strategy and you will be rewarded for using your full arsenal to dispatch hordes of the demonic attackers. Sometimes the weapons can feel clunky, due to the ammunition and reloads that you will find yourself ducking away from the fight to pull off, which is why I preferred to stick with the sword & shurikens for the majority of the combat.Enemies are diverse and well-designed. The most common, Imp -type demons are kept interesting by their ability to enter a rage-mode, whereby they gain a sharp increase in speed, aggression and health. The developers took their time to make sure that enemies are varied in their abilities and behaviours, so as not to constantly overwhelm the player. Like Doom, there will be enemies that charge you and other enemies that prefer to hang back and fire projectiles at you. The genius of Shadow Warrior is that as you progress and get more skilled, the enemies gradually become faster, more aggressive and waves are composed of multiple different enemy types.The story and character development surprised me, for being so well thought-out and honest. Despite the corniness of the protagonist being the usual♥♥♥♥♥♥sure young guy, it was his interactions with his ally that really made me feel a sense of connection to the point where I actually wanted to sit through cut-scenes. Some issues with the plot remain, such as 2 potential antagonists that were seemingly forgotten by the plot, but on the whole the plot serves as a perfect vehicle for the player's adventure through the demon-infested world.World design is one of the best parts of this game. Levels have huge amounts of destructible scenery, allowing the player to use explosives to thin out waves of enemies, to walls that can be breached in order to explore secret areas. Despite the linearity of the map design, Shadow Warrior never felt like a series of hallways. This was aided by the stunning scenery of the different environments which had real thought and attention paid to them.The real charm of the game lies in the humor- the game is not afraid to deliver jokes that may be offensive to some, which really adds a level of personality that is rarely seen in other franchises. By the last level I found myself caring more about the protagonist and his actions than I had for any other modern game I have played, which is why I would strongly reccommend this game to anybody!"
,Recommended,233130,11007784,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,josher_09,watch lo wang shoot off wangs!!!
,Recommended,233130,20937288,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Inferno Dialer,"Good+ Great gameplay+ Great Weapon variety+ Lots of special attacks and magic+ Great Humor+ Great varied levels+ Enemies fall apart when you slice them+ Levels have tons of secrets and easter eggs+ Combat is simply a treat+ WangsNeutral=Music is good but nothing special=Bosses are fun to fight but meh in overall design=Sometimes the game/level feels too longBad-THAT ONE ♥♥♥♥ING ROOM BEFORE THE FINAL BOSS-Awkward platforming sections (thankfully, there's very little)Verdict: This is a great game. It's cheap (and frequently on sale, got it for a dollar) and more than worth the price. If you're looking for a fast-paced FPS with some great melee combat then this might just be your Wang."
76561197981706607,Recommended,233130,9145101,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Amalzain,"Reinventions of games can go really badly. Thankfully, this one doesn't. Taking the best of the source material, turning the racist stereotype of the original game into a real (and admittedly often obnoxious) character, building an actual comprehensible story that actually drives the game, including a well balanced selection of weaponry, and allowing battles to be strategic or pure FPS grinding; all of these worked really well. There's open upgrades to your character and weapons, secrets to find, a good level of humor (I actually laughed at a couple of the fortune cookies I found throughout the game), and a real challenge (the last 'arena' battle was insane - felt like Serious Sam). Flying Wild Hog did a great job bringing Lo Wang into the modern era, and this is a game for anyone who likes good, challenging, non-military based first person shooters. And has a high tolerance for excessive gore, lots of violence, and really bad puns."
,Recommended,233130,23124546,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Alyxu,"A great Hack 'n' Slash tribute to the original Build engine classic. The game looks gorgeous, the gameplay is fun whilst still retaiing aalot of strategy (loads fo upgrades, etc)10/10"
,Recommended,233130,33711340,Posted: 21 July,all,G. Nanini - Arch Linux [BR],♥♥♥♥ing badass!! I have this game for some time but never get into it!!! very fun!! Blood everywhere and nice jokes!
,Recommended,233130,2060723,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Weavaloid,"3 hours in the game and I'm amazed how great this game really is. The controlls are easy to handle, there is always something different, loads of skills you can choose from, many easter eggs and secrets you can look for. If you're looking for an awesome modern first person shooter, look no futher and get this masterpiece!"
,Recommended,233130,9006536,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Messofanego,"Not only is this a fun as hell and incredibly beautiful first-person swordfighting shooter, but the more expansive level design makes me wish other shooters took note. You can backtrack through pretty much every level, so you never feel railroaded into what the designers want you to do. Even though there’s no real point to it, I love the destruction. It’s an incredibly long game too, took me more than 25 hours for completion. I would never have expected such a deep skills system, but it becomes worth investing into when later on the game just dumps every enemy variety, gigantic or minute, onto you. The tougher the game gets (played on Hard difficulty), the more you’ll be switching out different sword specials, guns, and even demon heart/heads like a multitasking maniac.Beyond the gameplay and design that respects the player, it’s probably the funniest game I played in 2013. Great tongue-in-cheek references, fourth-wall breaking, hipster jokes, ironic fortune cookies, one-liners, and a well-developed love/hate relationship between Lo Wang and Hoji that becomes surprisingly emotional towards the end."
,Recommended,233130,13819428,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,federated state of trollnesia,"1. Story's bretty gud, if a little sparse (I was not expecting this at all, frankly).2. Combat's bretty gud, but it takes a few levels to wind up.3. Game is about 20 hours if you play it on the hardest difficulty and comb every level for all the secrets, which is the perfect length for this kind of thing.4. It's pretty challenging, I played it on the hardest difficulty and I'd say the difficulty... was almost just right. Never did get a 5-star combo the entire game, which maybe isn't a bad thing!5. Good variety of weapons, upgrades, and enemies.My biggest criticisms would be...1. Boss battles drag on. There are about three major boss battles and all of them are too ranged-weapon oriented. The most fun you're having is when you're dashing around slicing people up, but the bosses pretty much force you to expend round after round of crossbow bolt or rocket launcher missile, healing yourself inbetween.2. At times the level design is a little underwhelming - it's very good in some places and a little poor in others. It would be nice if hunting for secrets didn't mean accidentally missing them because you triggered some story event. It would also be nice if there were more than one path through certain conflict zones.3. The flamethrower is kind of useless. I think the revolver had missed opportunity to be amazing.4. The upgrade system is more punishing than it is rewarding. If you pick the wrong upgrade, you'll be weaker and if you're weaker you'll get less karma from battles and if you're getting less karma you can't quite upgrade as often... Also, money is pretty scarce, even with getting around 75% of the money from all the levels (playing through each once), I'm tnot even close to having all the upgrades, this means certain weapons are less fun than they could be. I'd have preferred all upgrades unlocked from the get-go, with increased game challenge.5. Didn't get crazy enough. The last level got a little crazy, but they really coudl have made this game even more ridiculous, had they turned up Lo Wang's speed even more and increased the game difficulty.=Anyway, it's a good game, but I'd make these suggestions for improvement. Hopefully we'll see a sequel to this game!1. Screw upgrades, just introduce them rapidly to the player. This game isn't suited to be an RPG.2. Make secret-hunting just as integral, but less haphazard.3. Ranged weapons are fine, but make them easier to combo with the sword (faster weapon switch speed would have been an amazing character upgrade).4. More ammunition for the harder difficulties, jesus did I frequently go spent during some encounters. ♥♥♥♥in necromancers."
,Recommended,233130,8214728,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Zedd's dead,"This game is just fun!  The revamp is fantastic.  There are enough weapons, skills, magic abilities and humor combined with solid graphics to make this game really entertaining.  The secrets are not insane to find but you really do have to look for many of them and there are many nods to the original game.  If you like super violent FPS with decent melee elements this one is for you."
,Recommended,233130,21196084,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,😂🔫,Japanese Deadpool.
76561198020290098,Recommended,233130,13624420,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,✪thatVOLTURiツ,9/10. Amazing graphics and story plot.
76561198004538351,Recommended,233130,35119592,Posted: 21 September,all,Buzzerker,Awesome game
,Recommended,233130,22239,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Linearskillz,The funnest shooter I've played since Bulletstorm. I highly recommend this to people who enjoy fun things!
,Recommended,233130,9141650,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Syncros,"Probably the best FPS i've ever played.  Great story, great action, great levels.  Amazing graphics to boot.  Slicing and dicing a demon 5 times before the pieces hit the floor is a viceral thrill I wont be getting tired of anytime soon."
,Recommended,233130,10695316,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ghidorah45,"Shadow is a wonderful game with plenty of content.  The game's gameplay, story, and humor are all very high quality, but the art direction and style is what really stood out for me.  Seeing the vibrant colors of the cherry blossoms mix with the puddles of blood from my vanquished foes truly captures the game's East Asian style perfectly.  I would not hesitate a second to purchase this piece, especially during a sale."
,Recommended,233130,33294140,Posted: 5 July,all,randomcow,Combat is fun and cool!
76561198045327907,Recommended,233130,33295527,Posted: 5 July,all,King Gilgamesh,"I am overjoyed with this game , this is the best $4.00 I have ever spent."
76561198187415438,Recommended,233130,33293575,Posted: 5 July,all,DJ SLIM DICK69,"Combat is really goodoverpriced though so get it on a sale (I got it on the summer sale)Repetative enemiesIt will take quite a long time to complete the game, roughly 30 hoursthis is in part due to the fact that the levels are large and confusing so you'll spend alot of time running around not knowing what to do or where to go"
,Recommended,233130,33422123,Posted: 9 July,all,Jearvin,Basically the asian version of DOOM
,Recommended,233130,33539850,Posted: 14 July,all,S1X_BULL3TS,"Super fun gory bloodfest where you can be senpai and destroy demons with your tukagai sword thingy. Essentially DOOM if it was made in Japan. If you like fast paced FPS games with lots of weeb demons to kill, then this is your game. Haven't been disapointed by a Devolver game to date."
76561197970845979,Recommended,233130,33622022,Posted: 17 July,all,scottdougan69,"Satifying combat, showers of gibs and particles, major eye candy and a general sense of accompliment. Great game."
,Recommended,233130,33678421,Posted: 20 July,all,GamesMaster,"one of the greatest games ever 10/10 must buy, You got the Power to buy this game."
,Recommended,233130,23543096,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Writer,"21 hours of gameplay in an FPS game. That's cool... sort of. I have to say, the last couple of hours were a little bit boring. If it were an RPG game, I wouldn't have any problems with that length, but in an FPS, where I just kill demons and men all the time, it's not that great. But the most of it were awesome, the fights are cool, I liked the variety of weapons, and the asian setting. (And the cookies, the jokes, Wang and Hoji were really funny.) So I recommend this to every gamer, especially those, who wanna kill millions of demons. :D)"
,Recommended,233130,23589342,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,"Pulled my trigger, now he's dead","+: I was initially apprehensive of this since it was a reboot of an old school FPS but hey, they nailed it. This is a very funny game that has a pretty interesting story (for most of it) and the gunplay feels good (for the most part) although it encourages pretty heavy katana usage tbh.+: The upgrade systems are all good and the game runs like a dream on my hardware.+: A lot of customization options too, more than you would expect for a SP only game.-: About 70% of the way into the campaign it gets extremely repetitive and kinda runs out of fuel."
,Recommended,233130,23547974,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,cassius,"Shadow Warrior (2013) is an excellent game.It's a politically correct reboot that packs a punch with ridiculously fun combat as the star of the show.  The amount of badassery that comes with toting oversized guns, demonic powers, and a katana is really something else, and the quality of both its amazing swordplay and gunplay make Shadow Warrior incredibly satisfying as you slice and blast your way through endless demonic hordes.  The game is also fairly long, but it never felt like a chore to play simply due to how fun I had every during every second of game time (The incessant jokes, easter eggs, and surprisingly capable story probably helped).Shadow Warrior is probably one of most fun games I've played in a long while, and its entertainment value makes the game a veritable steal when its on sale, so get it if you can!"
76561198051204680,Recommended,233130,23577924,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,MultiCoolGuy97,Japanese version of Doom
76561198150776599,Recommended,233130,23676680,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,jackjack123567,"Boom♥♥♥♥♥ Slice And Dice like Mofo. Pop, lock and, drop the suns of ♥♥♥♥♥es like there is no tommorw. Say Yolo as you cut the♥♥♥♥♥♥of one those ugly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.And Also I have been seeing quite a lot of swearing in the comments so please keep swearing out of the comments"
,Recommended,233130,23711229,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Graftmaster,Sick
76561198025392175,Recommended,233130,23540212,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,He-Man,Lo Wang puts the a$s in Mass Murderer.Wang/10
,Recommended,233130,23726187,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,TakedoXX,"I bought this game when it was on sale for 4 bucks. Keep that in mind.When I bought this game, I wasn't expecting much out of it. The only bits that I've seen were the trailer and the beginning of the game. After playing through it however, I can say that's definitely worth your time. Gameplay heavy, with a touching story as well. Don't know if I would pay the whole 40 bucks tho.TL:DR:  Game is great, grab it if it's on sale."
,Recommended,233130,23684559,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,ExiaLyseR,This game awesome... event though so many weapons but still love that katana as my main weaponss.... definitely buy shadow warrios 2 if its out
76561198019533570,Recommended,233130,23634307,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Balrog Son of Nelgar,"""Beware of Wang.""The original 1997 version of this game could be summed up as having the gameplay style of Doom with a character who is like a japanese Duke Nukem. This remake is still that, but with a much better graphics engine and UI overhaul.You play as Lo Wang (AKA ""Mr. Two Million Dollars""), a hitman who is sent to buy an ancient sword, the Nobitsura Kage, from a collector. You're orders are to obtain the sword through an offer of two million dollars or by killing everyone inside the mansion and to steal it. Neither of those options go well when you are captured by the collector with the help of his demon jester friend ""Hoji."" That doesn't go very well either (at least for them) when demons show up, kill everyone, and a female golem steals the sword and runs off with it. Now, it's time for heads to roll!This is a fast paced, action FPS where you utilize your skills with the katana, as well as with an array of guns, while empowered with the magic of Ki (pronounced Chee), a mystical power of balance between mind and body and gives you awesome powers to kick some demon butt! You can heal, blast foes with a wave of energy to knock them down, and empower your katana with Ki energy to perform special attacks.The game is a very well made remake of the original release and pays homage to its retro heritage through easter eggs and secret areas strewn throughout the game's 17 chapters. I'll leave it to you to go find them. I bought this game of sale for $25, and I haven't regretted my purchase. While I may not have purchased it for the full $40, I would say that for fans of these types of games, it's worth a buy."
76561198171583075,Recommended,233130,23727958,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Nicolas,Good action game. It is worth your money.
76561198022884310,Recommended,233130,11211648,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Muraco,"Been playing it, was immediatly in love with the melee system.  The enemies can get a little repetitive butthe storyline was very enjoyable.  Yes it still goes like many FPS's but still it keeps the game fresh and entertaining.  Besides chop the demon is a very fun game when you get farther in the game.  One final note, beware the bunnies."
,Recommended,233130,7936718,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Just fucked my PC,"With just one little leap of logic, Shadow Warrior's classic FPS gameplay suddenly becomes much more bearable than the HL2 tradition of being able to save yourself into a corner. One key combination: D D RMB. Then you have the glorious dismemberment offered by your katana, and a host of other attacks at your disposal, and then you have the ♥♥♥♥ING BEAUTIFUL GRAPHICS, and suddenly, you have a game worth whatever price point its set at.Buy it, even if you haven't played the orginal, just buy it, play it, love it."
,Recommended,233130,9036217,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,lunch masta,"It's a shame Flying Wild Hog decided not to stay true to the original Shadow Warrior. The soundtrack is forgettable and the one liners sound like they belong in a disney movie. Lo Wang isn't Lo Wang anymore and the story is pretty damn lame. Now, I know the original Shadow Warrior didn't have much of a story at all and that's fine but in the remake it really tried to have one, and it just sounded so lame. I liked Hoji as a character and that's about it.Now, the gameplay, level design and the visuals are AMAZING. I had tons of fun and went through a second playthrough immediately. Excellent guns, excellent sword play, and tons of blood. $40 is a great price given it's 8-9 hour length on my first playthrough. It might fail in being a Shadow Warrior sequel but god damn is this game fun. If you can ignore that it shares the same name as Shadow Warrior then you won't be disappointed. This is how modern FPS should be. Buy it. Now."
,Recommended,233130,8451510,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,DragonFlayer,"It's a pretty good game, the original Shadow Warrior was much better in it's own ways, this one doesn't fall short, it's quite the reboot alright, and trying to be a little more serious than the comedy that was it's ancestor, overall, I loved it, except the fighting rating system at the end of each fight, the thing rewarded me for killing enemies in simple and silly manners, but when I did something totally awesome ninja-style and finished enemies quickly, it gave me almost no stars"
,Recommended,233130,118007,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Tr3b0r,"The best reboot/remake I have ever played. Graphically amazing, too.It Includes all of the old school features you love, as well as a few new ones which mesh together perfectly. (IT EVEN HAS QUICK SAVE!)The only thing bad about this game, is that it is now too ""politically correct"" and as a result of this, Lo Wangs character has been serverely gimped.Never the less, you should buy this game."
76561197981555020,Recommended,233130,25936832,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Cygnus Floyd,This game is a blast! I agree with Lo Wang: Travis Bickle IS a hero.
,Recommended,233130,10732573,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,KaosEater,Such a fun remake. Lets see Blood next :)
,Recommended,233130,13411937,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,dudewithwings,"If you love shootem ups, funny dialog and stories about two bros who bro it out then this is game is for you. The dialog and jokes in this game are priceless, and the story line really picks up halfway through the game. The controls are a little odd and can take some getting used to so don't rage quit because you can't heal while you reload your weapon.Rememebr that you are the one, the only, the great, Wang."
,Recommended,233130,13439231,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,basuragomi,"I shot a rabbit while it was getting busy with another...It turned into a demon and killed me.11/10 would die again.Serious Review:If you think shooting and slashing demons with swords and explosive crossbow bolts while dashing away from charging demons sounds fun, this game is for you.Shadow Warrior is the reboot from the classic 1997 Shadow Warrior made in the Duke Nukem 3D engine.The reboot is filled with fast-paced, horde like combat. Allowing the player to  hack and slash body parts into pieces. The game doesn't like to take itself seriously like most shooters today and will occasionally throw funny jokes and easter eggs likely to make you stop and laugh. The dash system allows you to dash towards or away from the charging demons or fireballs raining from the sky.The game begins with you and your sword which you will master as you progress. You slowly progress to different weapons as well as various attachments. This form of progression allows for you to fight the increasingly more difficult hordes of demons out to get you and left me interested in unlocking my next attachment or skill.This game might not seem as good looking as crysis or metro but the atmosphere in levels like Lo Wang's (the main characters) secret cave or looking over the hills of the cemetery can leave you breathless.Overall I had a great time playing Shadow Warrior and I can easily recommend it to anyone.PROS:Graphicshumorgameplaylevel designprogression styleCONS:Only a semi-decent storyonly 2-3 variants of enemy aesthetics per class(there should be some sort of looks randomizer to make it feel like you have sliced the same demon twice in a row. This should be noted that this is a problem I have with many other games that involve you up close and personal with your target.)"
76561198017228837,Recommended,233130,13506627,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Captain Useless,"This game is just plain fun. It brings back the early style of FPS gameplay mixed with modern FPS Gameplay and does it well. The guns are fun to use but the sword is the star in this game. Not to mention a nice level/skill system.The story is also very intersting. I wasn't really expecting an actual 'plot' but it's pretty darn good. Though, there are times the gameplay gets a bit tedious, you want to finish the story.The FPS community desperatly needs more games like this. This game took the idea of taking a step back and in doing so, LEAPED 10 YARDS. Hang up your military shooters for a day and give this game some freaking love.The game is just a great big ball of fun. Worth every freaking penny. I really hope Flying Hog makes another game likes this."
76561197991925290,Recommended,233130,13412948,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Taekan,"Incredibly fun, quite challenging, even sometimes pretty, pretty hard (at insane difficulty). I laughed at lot with this game, liked the plot, the history behind, the communication between the characters, the combat system, the combos, I really loved the crossbow. Hands down.Even with that, I felt that sometimes the game was offering always the same, spawning mobs at certain times, at a determined locations, so you can tell when they will happen.It would be awesome if enviromental explosives things did much more damage, because it was kinda hard to lure them and get the achievement for killing mobs with them (and keeping barrels and such intact until they were almost dead).I was never running out of ammo, because you can get them almost everywhere and if not you can buy them, which is all the opposite to the original version of this game. Medikits are everywhere.Boss fights are cool, but the mechanics don't change that much. They are hard, and will wipe you if you don't pay attention!Don't get me wrong, this game is awesome, bought it when it was on sale, and I enjoyed it a lot.If you want to spend around 18 hours in an unending killing spree of demons, and punishing the evil from here and beyond, this is your chance!"
,Recommended,233130,20540788,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,MementoOfThePast,If this masterpiece wasn't herewhat other game can be more fun than this
76561197993118451,Recommended,233130,8985193,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Duente Zaibatsu,"The sword play in this game is fluid an well made, the game can be played 99% with sword only, making it challenging and impressively fun.I would say that the only downside of this game is the medium sized load times used (around 10 seconds or so."
,Recommended,233130,13404528,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Queen of Pain,"Shadow Warrior.. Now that's a name I've not heard in a long time. A long time.Fun. Polished. Funny. Exciting. Smooth. Just a great game. They nailed their scope - they didn't try to do too much, take it too far or stop too short, every inch is quality. That said - unless you're a completionist - I wouldn't recommend paying full price for this if you can help it.ID Software and 3D Realms (Gearbox) should just give all their IP's to this company - seriously.Great job Flying Wild Hog."
76561198034700630,Recommended,233130,13467390,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Yallshortuns,"Shadow Warrior was a delightful surprise. A perfunctory examination indicates little promise; it looks and sounds like a pile of cliche: ""ninja fights army of demons."" On closer inspection however, Shadow Warrior is much more. I understand it's meant to be a callback to older shooters like Duke Nukem or Quake, titles which I never got to experience. Yet even without nostalgia, this game enthralled me despite its faults.The gameplay has little variation; occaisional half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥puzzles always give way to more fighting, but thankfully that combat is far too fun to deride. The whimsically gratuitous carnage from carving through demon hordes with a spirit-laser firing katana is indescribably fun, and the initially lack-luster firearms can be upgraded to satisfying levels of destruction.While the storyline may be thin and unclear, the characters are engaging satires of modern cliches. Lo Wang and his questionable name make for healthy banter rather than the usual silence gravely grunts of self-insertion oriented shooters.Altogether Shadow Warrior is a must-play for any shooter fan, so long as one doesn't mind the occaisional slightly racist Wang pun."
76561198002378667,Recommended,233130,13410334,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Forrest,"Start with the bad first. The game has a weird frame skipping to it, Almost like my PC is to slow to run it? Upon researching its not just me but then again maybe my computer was just too slow. AMD FX 8350, Radeon 7950, 8 gigs of 1866 ram and a SSD.  I should have been fine with this game but o well. Maybe I am just to picky?The Good. The story is great, the protagonist says a lot of interesting stuff. You don't get a lot of recycled jokes either, its new lines every time. The game play is fun and addictive. It feels little daunting with all the powers you have but once you figure out what works well its fun. Whats also good is that its a long story. Some games end so quickly. This one keeps going on which is cool because the story is nice.Overall I recommend and satisfied with my purchase."
,Recommended,233130,13442876,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Kevin Bacon,better than porn.
76561198046192965,Recommended,233130,13461685,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Velosir,"Great game.  It has an amazing combat system along with very nice visuals / graphics.  The story is well written and has good character personalities with great humor.  There's a good amount of enemy variety, and lots of cool skills and weapon upgrades that can be unlocked as you play through the game.  The wave defense mode is pretty solid, but there's not much there that isn't already in the main story mode.  Overall I'm fairly happy with my purchase, and I recommend picking it up if you like single player fps games or if it goes on sale.Final score: 9 fortune cookies out of 11 mariachi bands"
,Recommended,233130,13469685,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Deagle Double Kozz,"A real gem. One of the few games that I've played lately that made me laugh and at the same time kept me going with amazing and original gameplay. If you enjoy demons, one-liners, guns and wicked swordplay, this game is for you.Thoroughly enjoyable and definitely worth the 7.50€ spent.9/10."
76561198158376936,Recommended,233130,14663444,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,dragongodofgames,"Love this game. i just wish it gave the fully powed Katana that you get at the end for the game +, oh man that would have been sweat. anywoo get all ready then yet and start slashing baddys to death."
76561197970686415,Recommended,233130,10735208,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sippie,"Excellent!As a fan of the original I was excited for this to come out. The game was a hoot from opening to end. I can only dream that this game's success spurs more of these updates, like Blood."
,Recommended,233130,10742150,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Killer Thriller,One of the tightest violent and most fun shooters ever looks good runs good and more fun than a barrel of monkeys!
,Recommended,233130,10757590,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Ziggurat Zap,Intense FPS action game that gets to be very repetitive at times.
76561197962380862,Recommended,233130,10764202,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Azure Zero,"A great Single player game with nice Easter eggs.The game has some nice RPG elements to it as well as a good story to follow.The humour is OK on average, though there are a few great one-liners."
76561197993400994,Recommended,233130,10770166,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Desperado,"Fun swordplay, fun gunplay. It's definitely a great homage to the original game while adding interesting new elements. Well worth a play if you enjoyed the old 3D Realms game."
,Recommended,233130,10719625,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,sostrich,"If Call of Duty is a cancer on the butt of First Person Shooters, this is the chemo."
,Recommended,233130,10733722,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,xebek,"I genuinely didn't know what to expect going into this game.  After playing the horrendously disappointing Duke Nukem Forever, I was fairly skeptical about this rebooted title.  At the very most, I was expecting a shallow FPS/FPK(First-Person Katana-ing) with decent action and an almost vacant story.  To be honest, I was surprised.  Shadow Warrior actually contains a story.  It's not particularly deep or engaging, but it is somewhat creative and the cutscenes were enjoyable.  The interaction between Lo Wang and the shadow realm demon Hoji ranged from annoying to hilarious, but I mostly enjoyed them poking fun at each other and taking cheap shots.  The action, however, was sublime - pure and simple.  Specifically, the katana was a pleasure to wield.  It sliced up demons and humans alike with noticable heft and precision.  The damage model for the enemies fit the game perfectly.  As the game progresses, new abilities for the katana and your ""ki"" powers are unlocked.  These range from a brutal thrusting strike from your katana to a shockwave-like burst of energy from your free hand.  During the game, you will wield a weapon in one hand and perform ""ki"" abilities with your other hand (think plasmids/vigors).  Unless you are dual-wielding akimbo style, this is the format for combat.  This opens up the possibility for numerous different attack combinations and variations.  In fact, the more varied and aggressive your combat style, the more karma points you are awarded after each encounter.  Karma is used to buy skill upgrades to further increase your skillset.While the katana is the staple of your arsenal, there are plenty of other weapons at your disposal, all of which feel solid and accurate.  Some are more effective than others, of course, but all have the ability to get the job done.  My only complaints about the weapons are that the fire-rate on some of them felt too slow and sometimes hitting the reload button prompted no response.  I would have to hit reload multiple times in order for the gun to actually reload.  The only reason that stands out so much is due to the rest of the controls being so responsive.  It wasn't a huge issue, but it was annoying at times.Ultimately, this game was well worth a purchase, at least for me (sale for $11.99).  The in-house game engine produces some gorgeous visuals.  Texures look good, as do the lighting effects and the amount of color is refreshing.  No dull brown and greys here, well very little of that anyway.  That being said, I would have to recommend this title.  It's an action-packed romp that delivers on what it promises, unlike other certain titles (*cough* DNF *cough*).  I give Shadow Warrior 4 out of 5 bloody demon hearts."
,Recommended,233130,10761063,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,UFC FIGHT MILK | Regular Dennis,This is one of the best games I've ever played. Don't use anything but the sword.
76561198036315744,Recommended,233130,10768212,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,magi8800,Epic. Slightly repetitive but its more because of being a really long game.
,Recommended,233130,10770226,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,MercBer,"Probably the best soundtrack in my Steam library, fantastic atmosphere, lots of nostalgia, gibs, ancient chinese secrets. Don't pay attention to my hours played, I mostly play offline. I probably have around 30 hours invested, after a couple playthroughs. Here's my review:Gameplay Mechanics - 4Controls - 4Visuals - 4Animations - 3Soundtrack -5Sound Effects -4Dialogue - 4Story - 4Atmosphere - 5Available Content - 4-Total 41 out of 50-This game is 82% awesome. If you see it on special, buy it!_________________________________________________________________________________My personal review system, based on my OPINION: Main aspects of the game - possibility of 5 points for each, with a maximum total of 50 and an absolute minimum of 0.0 = ♥♥♥♥ing Garbage1 = Not Good2 = Meh3 = Satisfying, Appropriate, Effective, Functional, but nothing really special or new.4 = Good. Great. Gimme more.5 = I ♥♥♥♥ing LOVE THIS!!- Gameplay Mechanics (based on quality, originality, and implementation)- Controls (based on responsiveness, implementation, originality, and learning curve)- Visuals (based on style, originality, and implementation)- Animations (Do characters move like robots? ARE they robots? Does your weapon teleport to your hand mysteriously? Does it look like you're always moving through maple syrup? ♥♥♥♥♥♥ immersion breaking animations can ruin a game for me MORE THAN ANYTHING, and it seems like a lot of devs still don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about quality annimation.)- Soundtrack (Based on quality of recorded audio, originality, and implementation- Sound Effects (Based on quality of recorded audio, originality, and implementation)- Dialogue (based on quality of recorded voice [if applicable], quality of writing, and implementation. I try not to include the ""cheese factor"" or believablity since those things are often subjective, or even intentional design choices.)- Story (based on implementation, originality, and continuity ONLY, not everyone likes the same kinds of stories:)- Atmosphere and Immersion (the melding of all previous elements)- Available Content (Are you asking yourself, ""Did I just spend 60 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars on only 10 minutes of entertainment?"" OR, ""When the ♥♥♥♥ is this game going to end?"")"
76561198043771864,Recommended,233130,10742610,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Zarosh,"DO YOU LIKE EXPLOSIONS? DEMONS? KATANAS? BLOWING UP DEMONS WITH KATANAS? THEN PLAY SHADOW WARRIOR, SERIOUSLY, EXPLOSIONS AND MORE EXPLOSIONS! Just to give you an idea, when you hit a car once with a katana, it EXPLODES!Need I say anything else?"
,Recommended,233130,11487774,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,RED Floyd /(Weber)\,"WHAT KIND OF GAME, with all the humor, all the heavy violence, ENDS WITH AN ENDING LIKE THAT.My feels, goddammit."
,Recommended,233130,11702600,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Steelbolas,"A fresh look into 90'sShadow Warrior was so much more than I expected. Sure, it was a straight-forward FPS, but it does everything so well. The gameplay is really addictive and everything looks beautiful.I would rate this game 9/10 any day."
,Recommended,233130,12206985,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Pope Platypus,"'Ordering game is only way to keep honor!'This game has some of the best swordplay I've ever handled in a video game, looks great, makes ya laugh hysterically and most importantly it RESPECTS the original game.How many modern day remakes can you say that about? Well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,233130,7812330,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Artyom Havok,"""Shooting demons is like shooting people but without all the pesky moral dilemas"" -WangTHIS IS MY GAME OF THE YEAR! This game is perfect. Its the old school FPS ive always wanted. With by far the best sword play Ive ever seen from and FPS great difficulty settings and upgrades. Lo Wang and Hoji are hilarious and somehow this story i was not supposed to take seriously turned out to be a really good one. Flying Wild Hog has made another perfect game I cannot wait to see what they do next!"
,Recommended,233130,13300212,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Fidelis,Pretty much modern Duke Nukem 3D. A ton of fun.
76561198001899729,Recommended,233130,13802667,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Stan,"A Flying Wild Hog studios recreation of 1997's original, published by Devolver Digital.The GoodGloriously gory melee combat, one-liners, low-brow humour and, to some extent, story. Decent graphics, that sometimes border on pretty. Plenty of upgradeable guns to chose from and a combat system that rewards you for trying new and cool-looking ways to dispatch your opponents.The BadGuns sometimes feel underwhelming. Level design feels quite uneven at times – for a game with lots of secrets there is a surprising number of invisible walls and ledges that will send you to your doom as soon as you walk near them. Boredom creeps in a bit between the fights.The VerdictHesitant recommendation. Game best taken is shorter sessions for me. If you can stand the boring bits between the gory bits you can do much worse than Shadow Warrior."
,Recommended,233130,27123372,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wingerwilko,Good game. Very good gore graphics loved the bit when the body parts came off. 8/8 would masterb8 to the blood.
,Recommended,233130,26039517,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,sexualy transmitted cancer,"hey whats up guy its pooks here and i just wanna say i strongly enjoyed m,y 1.6 hrs of running in a ♥♥♥♥ing forest wanting to slit my african american wrist begging for an escape from this worthless game we call life"
,Recommended,233130,20226467,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,NightShade_R,"Amazing game and good graphics, The devil bunny is crazy as♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,233130,22875929,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Whore-ang,"Do you like to slash things ? Do you like Katanas ? Do you like Perk Trees ? Do you like games that has a great story, boss fights and awesome fighting mechanics ?Well, This is the game for you, taking it in sale is definitely worth it."
,Recommended,233130,8206458,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Eccid McHarambeFace,"This game is very fun, and can be very funny. You have a quirky main character and his funny demon sidekick, as well as some kickass guns and an awesome sword. It's a classic shooter at heart with the look and feel of a modern day shooter. Plenty of secrets to find, weapon upgrades, and a great sense of humor. Very glad I decided to get it."
,Recommended,233130,12847119,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ĦởŁŷ Ųńįĉởřŉ,#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorAhaha Fresh Meat
,Recommended,233130,7767946,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,King of Zeroes,This is the shooter my parents always told me I could play one day if I applied myself. Well ♥♥♥♥ them. I never applied myself and I still got to play it! Eat it Mom & Dad!US Marines are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Terrorists? Plz. Shadow Warrior has terrorists. Terrorists from HELL.Well... not REALLY Hell. More an alternate dimension destroyed by incest.
,Recommended,233130,13187410,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Captain Dobes!,This game made me feel like a winner! NO WAIT! It MADE me a WINNER! And gave me a HUGE WANG!(Levels of winning may vary per user. Game may cause dangerous levels of confidence and disconnects from reality)
,Recommended,233130,8323149,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Meliorne,"Love this game - fluid gameplay, awesome graphics. Repititive, but the variety of weapons and the way the skill/power system is introduced encourages different playstyles. Writing in the game is also very good leaving you wanting more from characters."
,Recommended,233130,13242700,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,SpatenRundung,Herzzereißend---------------------Heartbreaking
,Recommended,233130,9178486,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Astronaut Status,wow asian duke nukem
76561198044717043,Recommended,233130,11383963,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,#rekt,"Outstanding.  I love games that just do what they do and don't try and do everything.  SW is an outstanding shooter.  Having just finished Crysis 3 I can tell you I am having MUCH more fun in SW.  Don't let the ""it's like serious sam"" talk fool you.  This is a VERY well done shooter...with a story.  It is VERY liner, but that isnt a bad thing.  This game is about combat, and oh is it sweet.  Well worth the money!"
76561198029490471,Recommended,233130,13125545,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Belcunt the Nigerian,"Row, row, row your boat, gently down the stream, whoa, I think my dinghy hanging out."
76561198242197914,Recommended,233130,29362946,Posted: 19 January,all,Jack,Pros- Great combat- Cool story- Funny diologe- Good weapon varietyCons- Levels get boring towards the end- All bosses act the same- I had 2 crashes- A little too long in my opinionOverall this game is great although it isnt 100% my type of game I did have fun if you like a funny story and great fast gameplay definetly buy this.
,Recommended,233130,25480273,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Kittybooze,Fortune cookies in a Japanese game.I love mild racisms.
,Recommended,233130,11801244,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Rattlesnake8,"Shadow Warrior is a fantastic game. If you are a fan of old school FPS and played the original Shadow Warrior then you will get extra enjoyment out of this. For those that didn't, this is still worth picking up. A solid FPS with great humour, lots of blood and gore, good level design, amazing details and lots of easter eggs/secrets to find. There are funny one liners like in the original Shadow Warrior and other additions such as rabbits having sex, secrets that have the old school textures, you see footprints in blood, the anime looking woman bathing etc.If you are looking for a quality FPS this is a must buy regardless if you played the original or not. Using the swords feels very satisfying with dismemberment and blood everywhere. The other weapons are great too, especially firing two machine guns into a mob of enemies, or using the rocket launcher and watching the gibs fly.Most FPS games will have you simply running through from start to finish. This game makes you want to explore every area for secrets. There is a decent variety of weapons and lots of upgrades you can do to improve your weapons and skills. I highly recommend it.9.5/10"
,Recommended,233130,7301923,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Kagoshima_Luke,Fantastic mix of old and new school. Gruesome and tactile FPS swordplay. Surprisingly funny. Gorgeous visuals.Yeah - buy this game.
76561198067357744,Recommended,233130,25491965,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,McDonald Trumpet,"From Nice graphics,creepy atmosphere,joyful violence,nice music,funny dialogues and cookies and lovely characters to a surprisingly very good story and most important of all the best oldschool shooter gameplay in the last maybe decade and the perfect swordplay,Shadow Warrior is surprisingly excellent in every aspect!However the main weak point is the repetitive level design,all areas are pretty much the same.Im so happy I bought this game!DO NOT MISS THIS!"
,Recommended,233130,8915109,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,nothingatoll,This is a game most good! If you like laughing or having fun you should buy it right now.
,Recommended,233130,8228351,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Gref,"The rebirth of Shadow Warrior! A great prequel to a classic from the golden age of FPSs. Lo Wang is back, baby!"
76561198006241167,Recommended,233130,8023871,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Richmond,wow! this its perfect old school game.super graphics+sound.very hard!
76561197972130283,Recommended,233130,8219993,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Axel Blaze,"Blood, stupid humor, katanas, killer weapons and endless secrets to be found. What's not to love?!"
,Recommended,233130,8471466,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,(FU-Q2) Mudlab,"this game is a far better remake/sequel than the recent Rise of the Triad...highly recommended, even if you never played the original"
,Recommended,233130,8630576,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Rice][Cube,TotalBiscuit is right. This game IS better than Half Life 3.
,Recommended,233130,8699710,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,TOM,"Cannot recommend enough, never have I been so pleased with Wang puns than I was whilst playing this game."
,Recommended,233130,20103225,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,z0,♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
76561198081656991,Recommended,233130,8312199,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Actimex,Gosh i love this game and need to play and finish it off it is unique with its bloody gory intense slash/shooting its very alike serious sam 3 but alot better off the 1999 remake you can run around cutting heads off with epic combos or bring out guns and blast them away it really puts the iceing on the cake with the corny comments made by wang this game i super good and should be more popular but with the big games coming out its underrated 89/100
76561198044923883,Recommended,233130,7891105,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Loki the Power,WONDEFUL! BEAUTIFUL! AMAZING!!
76561198041742229,Recommended,233130,24174295,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,QuantumToaster,If you like shooting guns or swinging swords then this game is for you
,Recommended,233130,7930970,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,PsychoAnt,"I thought that I didn't like FPS games anymore, Shadow Warrior changed my opinion. I now realise that most modern FPS are just average."
,Recommended,233130,7971079,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Nanoha,"Lots of gratuitous fun. It reminds me of a cross between Duke Nukem and The Last Samurai, good stuff! Starts off a little comical (in a good way) but the story evolves quite well into a more serious and sad tale which I quite enjoyed seeing unfold through excellently styled cut scenes and so on."
76561198103839440,Recommended,233130,29917655,Posted: 14 February,all,Skullbro,"Instead of writting a few long paragraphs i thought i'd make this review a pros and cons list so you can decide for yourself if it's a good game or not.PROS-You've got the touch-You've got the power-Be wary of the rabbits-Good hack 'n' slash mechanics-Environmental destruction (to an extent)-Boss fights in an FPS-Minigun doesn't overheat-On-the-go upgrade menu (no NPC or merchant required)-Fortune cookies-New game plus-Human and demon enemies-Japanese style/theme-Flying enemies too-16 hour campaign-Infinite flashlight-Useable demon hearts. and they're even weapons!-Manual saving-Tons of fun secrets and references-Tips during loading screens-Gore (uncensored goodness)-Cool boss and enemy designs-Multiple handy weapons (flamethrower and demon head)-No carry weight or gun limitations-Burnt textures/models-Water ripples-Leap/evade-Auto loot-Cleavage (2D and 3D)-Useful demonic powers-Reflection in a mirror-Special sword boss fight-Enemy dialogueCONS-Hoji's a creep who's into incest-demon powers are initiated through movement combinations making for an awkward experience-some bosses can't be fought with a sword despite getting sword upgrades just before fighting them-throwing shirukens at cars twice make them explode-The chargers are invincible from the front, track while charging and deal some serious damage. And they're an enemy type, not a boss so you'll sometimes fight 2 while fighting off a horde-Exploding enemies can put multiple, seemingly infinite moving explosives down that will track you-Back tracking-Puzzles-Platforming-Cutscenes can be glitchy-Some maps are a maze to navigate-No accessible map or objective guider-No suicide button. if you get stuck you just gotta restart the level or whenever you saved. reverting checkpoints is only an option if you die-Fall damage-Some cutscenes are not animated-Can be hurt by your own explosions-Dende tease secrets which make you worry if you've gon too far to be able to acquire-Never get to fight the two assassin girls-Game ends with some loose ends (left for sequel?)-Awful forced train/ride and shoot segment-Somewhat confusing story-Tries to make you cry"
,Recommended,233130,16564095,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Capital_G,All you get in this game is Wang.... 100/1
,Recommended,233130,30076089,Posted: 21 February,all,bGs,"SLice tHem uP !Nice game , I really enjoy playing it !9/10 !"
,Recommended,233130,7315711,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,[ A E ] WinD,WHO WANTS SOME WANG? Everybody should want some wang. BUY THIS NOW
,Recommended,233130,8008629,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Velcrosasquatch™,"I was a bit disheartened when I saw that the game really wasn't like its previous incarnation.In fact, I didn't much care or like the humor or story in this game.It's really hard to deny good gameplay though, and this game truly has that going for it.It also may very well be my candidate for game of the year.Its good when a game gets the sword right, its a personal weapon."
76561198000237795,Recommended,233130,22817538,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,kyvitti84,awesome game never played the original but they did a hell of a job updating it for todays graphics. must buy if you like shooters
,Recommended,233130,22463461,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Sheer Breenius,"This is a fantastically made game, I whole-heartedly recommend it."
,Recommended,233130,17547456,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,BoromiRofGeo,"I rarely post reviews. Very rarely. But this time i just had to do it. It was my obligation.This game is gold. it is amazing.It is rough around edges, but I haven't had so much fun for a long time."
,Recommended,233130,8113385,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,"The Royal We, The Editorial",You know how fun it is to shoot apart people's bodies in a video game?Add sword.
,Recommended,233130,24889182,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,ექსტრემალური ვიდეოnave,">be lo wang>in late 20s>boss tells you to buy a sword for his katana collection and gives you 2 million bucks>owner of sword tells you that you're a massive ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and wont sell you his sword>you reveal your porno folder infront of them>dumb guy sends his army of ♥♥♥♥ to kill you>you get double penetrated by his army>suddenly aliens come out of outer space9/11 would cure cancer againSeriously though, for a game whose protagonist's name means 'D I C K', the game's story got me knee deep in the feels."
76561198066495675,Recommended,233130,22865864,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,battlefield3joy,"=============The ultimate Cons of this game=============It's a story of a Chinese guy fighting using katana (a Japanese sword) in a japan like setting with Japanese demon as his enemy....Seriously.... Lo Wang...????Can the Developer choose a Japanese Name like Hijikata or Ryouma for the hero....Using Chinese guy as a hero in a japan like setting is out of place...Even Lo Wang have few times mentioned ""Kung Fu"" and Chinese's martial arts oriented terms during the story while obviously his power and katana skill are Japanese based.He is using Kenjutsu, not Kung Fu!!!!!And another thing, the human enemy are holding the katana on their hips in a wrong manners....the tip of the sword should be facing up, not downI like katana and sword... So i am irritated by the incorrect details in this game....Mr Developer, please Get your reference straight.=============The Pros=============The game is awesome!!!!- Graphic has a good art style- Swordplay is satisfying- Killing demon is funI was hoping the devs could add motion control for this game using VR devicePlease check ""Red Steel 2"" on youtube. It has a similliar First Slashing game like this but you can use wii mote (since it's for wii). It's more intuitive and real like action."
76561198017274582,Recommended,233130,9588240,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,O-Mega-Piçalhudo,if you like quake and serius sam its a must buy cuz its both in 1
,Recommended,233130,8812723,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,NedTheUndead,"Fun chopping action, like a Japanese Duke Nukem. But the sour taste of restarting levels after being stuck in a save point loop where I die instantly or cannot kill an enemy trapped in a corner is becoming harder to swallow. Might not finish the game. : \"
76561198071025781,Recommended,233130,31149092,Posted: 14 April,all,Big Tj Detweiler,One of the best FPS games of all time. Low Wang is a badass.
,Recommended,233130,18278359,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,TØXIN,The katana is so mighty that it makes a car explode in one hit!
,Recommended,233130,8070629,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Tangerz,"Gorgeous looking game with a really fun combat system. I played through the game using mainly the katana. There's an upgrade system where you can use found resources (money, Ki Crystals or Karma) to upgrade your combat abilities, powers or weapons. The story was surprisingly good.Pros:-Graphics, especially the 2D cutscenes and varied level design.-Good story.-Upgrade system where you can upgrade whatever playstyle fits you.-Lots of secrets and puns, which lighten the mood of the game, although Wang puns get stale after a while.-Sword combat is fun as hell.-A good challenging game.Cons:-Lot of bullet sponge type enemies, meaning each engagement took a while to get done with, which is understandable but it gets boring after you stab the same dude 20 times in a row. This, I felt, sort of artificially lengthened the game by quite a bit. It took me around 17 hours to beat it on Hard.-Loading times could be better considering the challenging difficulties. I had an SSD and loading times were around 10-20 seconds, which adds up if you played it through on harder difficulties like I did and die a lot.-Physics engine is coded in such a way that if you fall a short distance, such as sprinting downstairs, you would actually die from the fall damage. So don't expect to find yourself rushing through levels."
76561198277566880,Recommended,233130,31065672,Posted: 10 April,all,Luca,standard
,Recommended,233130,11741654,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Omae Wa Mou Shindeiru,What a great game. A mix serious sam style enemy hordes with fun weapons and kickass sword fights.Keep the old school shooter reboots coming.8/10
,Recommended,233130,31906578,Posted: 22 May,all,SausageQueen,made my lo wang a big wang
,Recommended,233130,8395577,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,NOOBMASTER,Nice and funny game!
,Recommended,233130,24719745,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Shredder Cheeze,I really think this is the most uinderrated game on steam.  Get this NOW.  If you like FPS and a game that will get you hooked into the story.  BEST GAME EVER
76561198139685662,Recommended,233130,25226738,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,A NOICE GAME,Saw 2 bunny rabits having sex...I killed one of them...The one i didn't kill transformed into a demon rabit that tried to kill me with death metal music playing while almost dying...Just thought i'd let you all know about that...
,Recommended,233130,28001969,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Evil Dave,"The good:- Gorgeous graphics and scenarios- Amazing optimized- The atmosphere is just great- Nice animations (combat / movement)- Epic soundtrack- Good story (you want to know more and more)- Many types of enemies- Challanging AI (block / dodge your attacks)- 3 different trees of upgrades (weapons, skills and powers)The bad:- Heroic mode is super hard. I played this game on Xbox (completed, but without 100% achievements) and I really suffered a lot. Some tips: You can glitch the enemies in certain areas or just go to a place where the enemies can´t get you. Good luck. You will need itPD: rest of the achievements are a piece of cake. Just a little farmingRecommended for FPS players like me8/10"
76561198020548154,Recommended,233130,23744420,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Beaner,"I picked up this game while on sale for $5 and have to say it is well worth it.  Here's my quick run-down:Pros -Gameplay is fast and fluid; full 60 FPS on my mid-level systemMelee combat is great; shooting is on par with other FPS gamesMonster models and their AI are well doneRacy humor and language is done right; doesn't go too far to be distractingMap level designs feel right compared to the story being toldSecret areas offer incentives for those who wish to search for themGame has many chapters which extends its valueCons -Graphics are not spectacular but sufficeRepetition sets in after awhile; more monster models are neededNo map or pointers makes finding the right path difficult at times""Double press"" keyboard options can be difficult during heavy fightsClimbing or extended jumping would enhance the gameplayVerdict -This game is really enjoyable so far.  I'm only up to level 7 so far, so I may update my review if needed as I get further along.  Currently I'd score this game an 8 out of 10.  The pros definitely outweigh the cons, especially at this value."
,Recommended,233130,27924769,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,zyco,"Slay houndreds of demons, didn't even break a sweat. huge demon comes charging at me, dodges with ease and stabs him in the back. now it was very quite, too quite. i look behind me, i see ♥♥♥♥ing bird demon in the sky. realise it is too late. demon slay me. i wake up, sit down at my computer. opens steam to play some shadow warrior"
76561198040466770,Recommended,233130,23544907,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz,Is my Wang the only one without fingernails?
,Recommended,233130,34424899,Posted: 22 August,all,Tubaros,Great fun
76561198296923113,Recommended,233130,34443848,Posted: 23 August,all,AzzaPinch,"Very fun game, lots of blood and gore and cool effects. The visuals are amazing aswell. Very excited to play Shadow Warrior 2."
,Recommended,233130,17528390,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Revolver Lanky Kong,"A little rough around the edges but all around good, 3.99 is an absolute steal for it."
,Recommended,233130,34748551,Posted: 4 September,all,saad,masterpice
,Recommended,233130,8242332,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Sirbun,"You want an old-school fps game that is hella fun, then get this♥♥♥♥♥♥right now. It's on sale and it's a fantastic FPS game. Tired of all the stupid FPS games with♥♥♥♥♥♥gun mechanics (looking at you Bioshock)? Then worry no more cause Shadow Warrior is here and it's the best goddamn FPS we have gotten in a long time. Everything from the gun/sword mechanics to the characters and witty dialogue and the suprisingly amazing story! This game isn't short like your typical FPS shooters, it clocked in at around 10-11 hours for me and I had a great amount of fun with it. Buy it now and support Flying Wild Hog so they can continue to make great FPS games like this."
,Recommended,233130,8574503,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Midnight Rider,"This game show by itself how the fps should looks like ,it looks freacking awesome developers squish UE3 very hard to make the game looks so great ,gameplay really well maded ,the swordfight is best one i ever saw in games atleeast in first person games ,which overspit Dark Messiah and Dishonored and show that sword its a personal weapon .Gunplay is really enjoyable -all guns are responsible and have a lot of upgrades which can change weapons in core.Only weak spot i was saw so far its level design - not as much freedom as you want in this game."
,Recommended,233130,32844387,Posted: 26 June,all,Grey,Not quite a genie but I would rub his lamp.  10/10
,Recommended,233130,19074560,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,E-MAT,"This is one of the few first person action/shooter games in recent years that are really good. The gameplay is fantastic, especially with the katana. Also you can get several skills and powers to help you in combat. The soundtrack and graphics are great too. It also has some good sarcastic humor. Overall, one of the best games of 2013."
,Recommended,233130,19163227,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,l0rdw00t,"A brilliant reboot of a classic. Great swordplay, powerups, monsters for days and secrets to challenge the most determined.If you like fast-paced balls to the wall FPS action then this should be in your library."
,Recommended,233130,13536289,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,MissMango,"YOU GOT THE TOUCH !!!!!!!!!! YOU GOT THE POWERRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!I feel so bad♥♥♥♥♥from playing this game.Extremely satisfied with the price I purchased the game for. (£2.99 lets ♥♥♥♥ing go.)Lovely graphics, I always adored Japanese architecture and culture.Only minutes into the game I already know the story is goin' to be good!Very good voice acting.Loving Lo Wang. But I prefer Mr. Two Million Dollars."
,Recommended,233130,26665193,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,ＨＥＮＴＡＩ ＨＯＭＯＳＥＸＵＡＬ,simply awesome..
76561198154722442,Recommended,233130,32936325,Posted: 28 June,all,sapxsap,great game +10
,Recommended,233130,20302769,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,mk ultra,"Relatively simple and linear gameplay, but the graphics are geat and the action is intense. You'll be slashing and gunning your way through hordes of demons in beautiful asian themed scenery and temples."
,Recommended,233130,24964481,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Shadowwolf6tails,"This is one of the most gruesome and gory games I have ever played. Despite the galons of blood spilled, it has a charm to it not many games these days have. It reminded me of the videogames I grew up on. If you don't mind gore this game is a must play."
76561198057889008,Recommended,233130,25334782,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,kyroine,"Very good game well worth the price,extremely long and intense ,very well optimised. tended to get lost quite a bit"
,Recommended,233130,21086422,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,stamos,Good on the uppercuts! Get around the edges! We're getting there! Very good!
,Recommended,233130,17872196,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Brayan Thundercock,Lovely gameplay and really cheesy writing. Might get repetitive for a while but worth your money.I give this game a 9/10Can't wait for Shadow Warrior 2
76561197996051698,Recommended,233130,16503071,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Biggus Dickus,"Shadow Warrior is an excellent old school style first person shooter. I bought it on sale and got about 13-15 hours of actual play time through the main campaign. If you're into extra difficulties you can get a lot more and if you like to just mess around in a new game plus with all your suped up weapons you can put some more time on the clock. I didn't have super high expectations to start, not to say they were low, but this game well surpassed the ones I had with its visceral gunplay, great sound design, diverse weapons, a pretty damn cool story and a really fun melee combat mechanic involving a katana. Thats not to mention the upgrade system, which admittedly is a bit shallow but gives a nice feeling of progression throughout the game. Shadow Warrior also doesn't drag itself out too long and wear out its welcome. I just recently played Alien: Isolation and I did love it for the most part but by god if that last 4 or 5 hours didn't draaaag on forever, it just makes you realize what a difference good pacing makes. Luckily this game hits all the right notes at the right time. This is a really fun game, definitely worth any asking price, especially if your a fan of the old school.Pros --Nice old school first person shooter gameplay and feel.-Visceral combat and feedback from the guns and sword.-Upgrade system for skills, powers and guns (and the gun upgrades actually show on the weapon models).-Varied level settings and design.-Enjoyable, crazy story with funny humor.-Easily 12 or more hours of game play for a first playthrough.-Good graphical fidelity and physics.-Funny and likeable characters.-Very stable, no crashes experienced and smooth framerate even on higher settings.-Lots of secrets and hidden goodies, old school style.-Well designed and varied enemies with only one that was frustrating.Cons --Somewhat shallow upgrade system.-Upgrade system is a bit hit or miss with some relatively useless skills and lacks really interesting upgrades.-Some of the weapon designs are bog standard and the Flamethrower I felt was pretty useless without its upgrades.-Levels are fairly linear but open up occasionally.-Some of the secrets aren't very well kept.-Similar boss battles throughout the game.My complaints are mostly nitpicking I feel, and went mostly unnoticed during my play time. I was having enough fun with the combat, powers and weapons to pretty much ignore them all. This game really is a love letter to classic FPS games and is an excellent reboot of one of the old greats. Even though I felt some of the Powers and Skills were silly or useless there are quite a few that are pretty fun though only a few I felt really made things much more interesting. While Shadow Warrior isn't bad in any way, it also doesn't truly stand out on its own. Its a hard thing to describe, because the game is really good, its solid, solid as a rock but it isn't the MOST interesting thing out there. Its really damn solid, a very good game made by a good Dev team who loves old school shooters. I guess if I have to give it one definitive negative its that it doesn't do anything too impressive.Solid accross the board, in every way.8/10"
76561197969417125,Recommended,233130,8255159,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,G00N3R,"Shadow Warrior is one of my favourite games of 2013, a First Person Shooter that incorporates all the mechanics that I prefer as a long time fan of the genre, adds some unique twists, and has amazing tactical depth. Above all, it focuses on just being fun.You are Lo Wang, a sort of modern day samurai, on a quest to recover an ancient sword for your Yakuza-style boss. You soon discover that the sword is also wanted by a race of demons who live in a shadow realm.The combat is outstanding, fast paced and intense. There are several types of demons, each with different abilities, and they attack in large waves, usually a dozen or more at a time. Thankfully you have access to a wide variety of weapons, and you can carry all of them simultaneously, so you can always choose the best weapon for each situation.Your primary weapon is the katana, and Shadow Warrior has some of the best melee combat of any FPS I've ever played. You have a normal attack, two charged power attacks and a spinning area of effect special move. Add to that a really useful dash move to quickly close the distance, and its surprising just how effective the katana is. Most of the guns are useful as well, when enemies attack from outside melee range, or have powerful melee attacks of their own that you want to avoid.The health system is fantastic. You can collect medkits. You can use magic. You can collect the souls of fallen enemies. Or, my personal favourite, you can absorb health from any enemies killed by the katana's special moves. So now when you're low on health, a group of demons changes from a threat, to an opportunity. Charge up the spinning attack and dive right into the middle. Glorious, and so much more enjoyable than just hiding behind a wall for a few seconds.There are three separate types of level up systems in play. Killing enemies gains XP which can be used to unlock passive stat bonuses. Finding crystals allows you to unlock or upgrade magic abilities. And money can be used to buy upgrades for the guns. Each system has lots of different options to choose from, so you can decide which ones best suit your playing style.The technical points are all positive as well. Level design is like a tree, with lots of branches coming off the main path, to explore and find secrets. Graphics are pretty good, makes good use of the Japanese theme, and I was able to get a solid 60 fps. Keyboard and mouse works perfectly, and all keys are rebindable. You can also customise how much info is shown on the HUD. You can save anywhere, and also enable checkpoints. I didn't experience any significant bugs. It took me 12 hours to complete, which is quite long for a FPS.I honestly can't find anything to complain about, and therefore Shadow Warrior is an absolutely essential purchase."
,Recommended,233130,11918386,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Shen,"8/10Ya know what?  Out of all the reboots that fell flat, this  one makes up for them all.  Combat is great and balanced.  I prefer a katana the whole way, and it doesn't feel easier or harder than playing through with weapons.  The katana also features a few special moves which you initiate in an almost mortal kombat type button combination, and they are Freaking Awesome and can be very usefull and sometimes essential.The humour is ok, gets a few chuckles, but you won't be sighing the whole way through (Unless you are a boring♥♥♥♥♥♥of course)Graphics are superb, can be pretty taxing on low-spec computers though.  Especially during combat with all the blood, explosions and limbs flying everywhere.Unique enemies are there, they have recycled the minion enemies a couple of times, but not to the point where every enemy looks the same.  Some of these demons require you to hit highlighted areas which annoyed me.  Some of them are very tough which really got my juices flowing.All in all I'd give this game a solid 8/10 worth every cent, and has replay value based on the gameplay alone"
,Recommended,233130,22805108,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Video Game Loser,Extremely good shooting combat with almost fighting game command system to use the melee combat makes this game one of the best games I've ever played and I'm one of those people is sometimes gets bored after a while I play shooter.
,Recommended,233130,13673500,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,GeoLuz 🎮💯👊🤙,"Shadow Warrior is a remake/reboot/reimagining of a 1997 game starring Asian protagonist Lo Wang. It contains plenty of humor, including humor related to the surname Wang and ludicrous fortune cookies that are scattered around the diverse levels of the game. One of the funnier fortune cookies refers to love: “It is better to have loved and lost than to have had loved and gotten syphilis.” The story is centered on finding a powerful sword named Nobitsura Kage, a mythical sword that Zilla Enterprises, Lo Wang’s employer, is trying to track down. Lo Wang is accompanied by Hoji, a masked man who adds more humor to the game in cutscenes.This game is a first-person shooter that begins with Wang handling a katana and learning to take on humans and demons with the katana. The katana is a sword that can be used for diverse attacks and is upgraded as you progress through the 17 chapters. There are lots of limbs cut off, including beheadings, arms, and legs. You will typically have to take on multiple enemies in indoor and outdoor environments and you will leave plenty of gibs behind. There will be the option to take on humans and demons with firearms such as Uzis, and a shotgun to be recovered from dead humans.There is a nice upgrade system for powers, weapons, and skills. The powers include the ability to heal and defend yourself against attacks. The weapons can be upgraded so that they can be more effective against demons that will be more numerous and larger in size as you progress in the game. The skills are for improving sword skills, improving the ability to find more ammo and cash, and improving focus during combat. Later you will find a rocket launcher and a crossbow. The crossbow is very interesting once it’s upgraded, as its secondary function allows you to fire explosives at enemies.The demons are quite diverse since they range in looks, speed, size, and strengths and weaknesses. Facing large demons like Warlords can be challenging, but the upgrade system makes them easier to handle. Facing a Warlord for the first time feels like a boss fight, but Warlords will appear more regularly as the game becomes more challenging. Facing a Necromancer also feels like a boss fight, but they also will appear more regularly. Necromancers make life difficult since they summon undead minions and the only way to stop the summoning of the undead is by killing the Necromancers. Defeating a Warlord provides you an opportunity to diversify your attacks by collecting his demon head. The demon head can be used like a laser to defeat enemies, but are best saved for the larger enemies. The use of diverse attacks with the sword, firearms, and demon heads is relevant because you will be rewarded with more karma. Karma can be used to upgrade your skills so that you can become more effective in combat.The diversity of enemies, the upgrade system, and the diversity of attacks prevent this game from getting boring from start to finish. The environments are lush and beautiful with bamboo forest in the beginning chapters and buildings with elaborate Japanese architecture. The one problem I found with the each level/chapter is that the only guide to help you progress is the glowing doors. There is no map or other guide. Therefore, you may wander aimlessly trying to figure out where to go next. This can be especially troubling in a game with very open levels. The boss fights are fun and challenging, although they can feel a little repetitive. But there is still a feeling of accomplishment that comes with defeating them.I found the mouse/keyboard controls responsive enough. However, double tapping a key to be followed by a left mouse click to heal yourself can be inaccurate since it can cause you to accidentally use a weapon’s secondary function. This can be most problematic when facing large numbers of enemies great and small or when facing a boss while desperately trying to heal.If there is a remake/reboot of a video game that is modernized optimally and is fun to play, Shadow Warrior is definitely the game you can’t go wrong on. Flying Hog should be proud of its work reimagining an old-school FPS and turning into a satisfying piece of work. The early chapters of the game are a little exciting, but it is more exciting in the middle to later chapters. The middle to later chapters are more difficult, but the upgrade system becomes more fun to use and will make you more effective against the larger numbers and larger sizes of demons."
76561198006569366,Recommended,233130,28248343,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Barbarryian,"This game was shockingly good.  Fun swordplay and fun FPS fighting, along with sword combos worked very, very well.Even had some pretty amusing jokes, and good characters and story, which is shocking for a game who's hero's name is essentially 'big♥♥♥♥♥♥.Has some fun call backs to the original 97 game, but with a style all its own.Probably my biggest critisism is that it may have been too easy, with health packs everywhere, and the ability to self heal with the sword and life steal too.  But I suppose that may be for harder difficulties.Overall, it was far better than I would have ever expected."
,Recommended,233130,22865490,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,boog,you get to shoot a lot of guns and the ending is sad
,Recommended,233130,26949809,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FN,Actually a really good game.
76561198248962678,Recommended,233130,23593218,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Absolute Territory,"Solid fun, graphics are amazing, gameplay is very smooth. If you like spamming your sword and slicing people into fourths then this game is definitely for you. If it is on sale for cheap I would recommend getting it. It has a great sense of humor to balance out how slightly gory the game is, and there are quite a few easter eggs in the game if you go looking for them. You will get a solid 8-10 hours of gameplay from Shadow Warrior. Definitely recommend it, very fun game."
,Recommended,233130,33437828,Posted: 10 July,all,•P∆C•,Serious Sam's spiritual Asian brother. 11/10 full on action cheap punchline gold humor packed experience. Best after a a really stressful day. <3
76561198380878580,Recommended,233130,33683369,Posted: 20 July,all,tothebeast75,I don't see why you don't own this game now. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,233130,18882837,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,kesadisan,It's a fun and frustrating game with good story.
76561197962429538,Recommended,233130,13427133,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,GuilT,"This game is pretty great. A good mix of old school fps, satisfying katana combat and funny 'Duke Nukem' -esque sense of humor. I even felt at times like I was playing Half-life."
,Recommended,233130,13446608,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Zaris,"I don't always buy games. But when I do, I make sure they're good ones. And Shadow Warrior is definitely one of them. After watching YouTube sensations TotalBiscuit and Jesse Cox play and give their glowing impressions on it, I knew this was something I could get into.What really sets Shadow Warrior apart from other FPS is its katana swordplay. Every slash and scission bisects objects and beings in a way that is both appropriate and well animated. And it is just as effective as your arsenal of firearms, if not more so--meaning you can get up close and personal with the katana all the time if you really want to. And that's what I like the most about the gameplay: you as a player have a choice on how you want to upgrade weapons and skills. Will you build yourself around guns, swordplay, or a bit of both? That's up to you.However, what speaks to me most about any game like Shadow Warrior is its attention to detail. For example, the first level has a garden rendering cherry blossoms, rock surfaces, waterfalls, and bamboo forests with spectacular fidelity. And apart from a few dark industrial-themed environments, that kind of quality eye candy never lets up all the way to the end. And the details don't stop with the graphics. Voice acting is witty, modern, and enjoyable. It is never cringeworthy. And the music is absolutely top notch, capable of evoking scale and drama during boss fights, as well as calm and tension before combating an enemy horde in the areas leading up to it.A game that delivers both mechanically and viscerally while being pleasantly enjoyable to the easily squeemish is a win in my books. I would highly recommend Shadow Warrior to everyone."
,Recommended,233130,13506920,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Omar,Buy it.take note:Expect difficulty spike near the endAlso skills level are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and shouldn’t be in any FPS game.
,Recommended,233130,10769688,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,HeezyFeezy,"Truly introducin hack n slash genre to a whole new level. If you like katana & #KillBill, you shld get #ShadowWarrior"
,Recommended,233130,23740747,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Champagne 3-0 Liquid,Hoji ;_;7
,Recommended,233130,32887065,Posted: 27 June,all,dude,OOHHHH YAASSSSSSS
76561198064235417,Recommended,233130,13115650,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Captain Caveman,"Saw two bunnies doing it, so I killed one of them and the other one turned into a demon spawn and killed me. 10/10. Would kill bunnies again"
,Recommended,233130,32896546,Posted: 27 June,all,Mellow,Great game! Love the Eastern Asia settings. Beware of Bunnies though.
,Recommended,233130,8532919,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Megakoresh,"The game is a glorious throwback ONLY to the things we loved about old school, combining just the right elements of what was good in old school:- Carry your momma's kitchen arsenal in your pockets and switch between the tools of craft on the fly- Hordes of enemies coming at you at all times, to keep you entertained- Smart spawning making sure you never get too bored of enemies- GORE! You like blood? Boy do we have a game for you! Enemies blow up, melt, burn into thousands of physical pieces and amazing splatters, yet the gore somehow always feel balanced. Bloody enough to make you hungry, but reasonable enough not to trigger an allergic reaction to Red.- Secrets! A ton of secrets! Some have goodies, some have hilarious easter eggs. All are hidden well, but the game teaches the player as to where they might be hidden, they are placed smartly such that the location is reasonbly hidden, but not impossible to get to without exploiting the game.- Speed! Miss running around like Sonic the ""Hedgehog""? Now you can! Wang is really fast indeed, and you can make him durable with upgrades, if you lady complains.And for the year 2013, when it was released this game has- Amazing developer support: bunch of free DLC, free funny version of Viscera Cleanup with the deluxe edition, and a great polished and bug, lag, glitch and hitch-free game from the former devs of Bulletstorm, Painkiller and Hard Reset.- Amazing graphics- Multi-dimensional combat (vertical element mixed in)- Very different enemies with variety of attacks and engagement tactic possibilities.- Great pacing, the game gives you something drastically new to play with all the time, every time you get bored of something you seem to get something new- Interesting, but not forced pogression. Most upgrades are active and add new gameplay instead of just passive buffs. Thus by upgrading you mostly also turn up the skill ceiling- Amazing melee. The game's melee is famous enough, but it deserves every bit of praise it gets. The enemies chop up in physically-correct pieces and the katana is wold-space, meaning it actually goes through the enemies. The cuts leave decals on the bodies and there are a ton of combos to use. Variace of combos also gives extra points. The katana is very powerful, but very difficult to master and makes the game so much more diverse.- Storyline is also surprisingly diverse. It turns from a sarcastic oneliner-filled commentary of mayhem into a beatiful chinese-theme myth storyline, and accomplishes both parts well.The game does not come without it's caveats however, here they are:- Some enemies are very annoying to fight. For example there are enemies who can spawn trash mobs infinitely and can put a shield around them which is unbreakable until you kill off every trash it has spawned. This can take a long time and is very annoying when there are other enemies on the field. Another enemy is one which can only be damaged in the back. The back spot is almost always at an angle and when you shoot it, the imperfections in collision mesh really do show and it is infuirating. These things also have a huge and in no way indicated AoE and can kill if you dont upgrade health simply by pounding the ground, and damaging you for 60 points even though you are a hundred meters away.- BLOOM! ♥♥♥♥ing bloom is over-the-top. If you turn it off, it makes usable objects more difficult to see and projectiles more difficult to dodge, but it is really badly balanced and rapes your eyes way too much in many, if not all, areas.- Balance. Weapons are not very well balanced. The shotgun, for example, is very underpowered, especially considering it can have and fire 4 barrels at once. At point blank it can't even kill a lowly shield demon with a shot like that, which is really bad. Flamethrower is also lacklustre. The Crowssbow is annoying to use because it has no scope.- The descent from light-hearted to serious and sad storyline happens a bit too fast and definite for my liking. It's literally one loading screen split. And after that point, no jokes, no sarcastic comments, no humour at all. I appreciate the diversity, but it was too black and white. Or rather Purple and Orange in case of this game.- Replay value. This game could have used coop. A LOT. It has a lot of weapons, combos and abilities that support coop very well, and none of the new free DLCs sadly add much replay value to the game. Levels are also, while riddles with secrets, are totally linear. Also every arena seems to be designed for a particular approach and fighting style, and the game is rock-hard. Too hard to allow the player to choose and experiment. This is not Bulletstorm. You either do it the ""right way"" or bam. I hope you quicksaved. Thus when you know how to beat the game the second playthrough has little to offer aside from secrets you havent discovered or upgrades you haven't purchased.For what it is it's 6-8 hours of pure adrenaline-filled violent, beautiful fun without a hitch, lag, bug or boring bit at any point in that time. It plays as smoothly as it runs and leaves you very satisfied with your purchase. There are many ways in which it could be better, coop being one of them, but it's not a full-priced game and it's not meant to be the best ever shooter with all features in the world. And what it means to be it is. And it's that damn good at it.Alright, ladies, who wants some Wang?!"
76561198007799026,Recommended,233130,9640377,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Jason13,All I can Say is this game blow me away its crazy unreal. theres heaps of Achievements the game looks great easy to play and learn. love the game 10/10
76561198088722985,Recommended,233130,8113618,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Junk_Punch,this game is a freakin blast! if you like shooters with over the top action and swords and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes you'll want this game!!! BUY IT!!
76561197991567851,Recommended,233130,11500696,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Fixxed,Different refreshing fps amidst the repetitive war ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.nice customization for a fps and good amount of enemies with varying skills and abilities.Scales pretty well with difficulty (refreshing also...) but still pretty challenging at parts in normal mode.easy to learn and yet there is alot of space for you to master it.nice set of achievements (for a fps)
,Recommended,233130,9605491,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Nhaselton,Great game. i am on chapter 4. I love the katana. The sword play is amazing. Unlike the orinigal.
,Recommended,233130,8195007,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Belakor,GAME OF THE YEAR! Hands down.
76561197963048280,Recommended,233130,8409554,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Shotgun Kjell,"One word: amazing. The controls are solid, the gameplay is fantastic (unless you really hate colored cards/doors, in which case it's okay), the atmosphere is immersive, the guns feel great, and it's probably one of the best FPSs I've played lately.This is what Duke Nukem Forever should have been."
,Recommended,233130,11474921,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Miyagi Sensei,10/10 would bang Lo Wang
76561198040298426,Recommended,233130,12797392,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Norsa,This game was a blast to play. Buy it.
,Recommended,233130,33687798,Posted: 20 July,all,BlackReaper csgobounty.com,https://www.humblebundle.com/store/shadow-warrior-special-edition?hmb_campaign=shadowwarrior_freegame_2017&hmb_source=bundle_page&hmb_medium=banner_cross
76561198002427324,Recommended,233130,23738123,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,kimo,A Bloody PleasureJust Kill everythingWith your katana
,Recommended,233130,23356995,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Fluff-Kevlar,"This game was a no-frills early 90s shooter reborn. Not much for flashy cinematics or crazy depth, it tells a fairly decent, albiet confusing at times, story of Lo Wang, your protagonist with an off-colour mouth, and his demoic sidekick. The dialogue between them two is honestly genuinely funny, and between waves of various demons and monsters, it's placed out pretty well. The variety of powers, weapons and attacks you can use is pretty lengthy. Upgrades to all of them are available as well, and offers a pretty solid action package with secrets and moderate replayability, and a healthy campaign length.As a fan of the early 90s shooters, I loved this remake, though I didn't play the original. At times challenging, a few levels a bit long, but fun weapons, enemies and abilities, I'd definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,233130,7519637,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Dimedo,"Fast and dynamic first person shooter with Katana on top. Great humor, nice story, vivid art style. I liked it so much, I played it two times in a row.The only downside is that it has no co-op, which was one of the best things about its 1997 predecessor."
76561198149207313,Recommended,233130,24802740,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,MYTnixon,I'm really liking this game. It's very comical and action-packed. It's almost like BioShock and DOOM had a child.
,Not Recommended,233130,25137621,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,I Swear to drunk I'm not God,"Meh..The good:-I like the references to the other games-Cool main character with his stupid jokes-Very cool atmosphere with all the Japanese themed forests, houses, etcThe bad:-Every combat is the same and skills/powers are more trouble to use than just guns to me. Water trap for example that just traps an ennemy in the air for a second or two, so either you hurry to kill them while you get mowed from the back by other demons, or you concentrate on other demons and they are free again almost immediately. Knockdown is also another one not so useful that doesn't do much and lasts a second.-Collecting money in every house and boxes gets annoying and takes more time than the actual fun part of the game.-I'm not sure I like the separated combat ""arenas"" with the shuriken appearing at the end telling you how good you did. Serious Sam pulled off the ""waves of ennemies then it's over"" thing quite well, but it's just weird here.I tried to use skills/powers but none of them seem that useful and I just ended up having upgrade points in bank that I'm not using because I don't even know where it could be good to use them. I just upgraded weapons instead.I LOVE game with powers, but this one doesn't really make you feel special like Star wars games do, or like ""Singularity"" that introduce them to you one at a time and are MUCH more useful"
,Recommended,233130,9611066,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,razrblck,"One of the best games I ever played. This is not a simple remake. This game will keep you entertained for hours, it will make you laugh, cry, struggle and think. 11/10 - better than bacon."
,Recommended,233130,12242808,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Macheti,Shot two rabbits humping each other and an evil black one spawned from the depths of hell and killed me.Wang/10
76561197990220919,Recommended,233130,9334689,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Lee Marvin's Ghost,10/10 Wang Bang!
,Not Recommended,233130,19369426,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Special Rito,"It's honestly pretty boring, especially on higher difficulties. Enemies, especially the greater demons and bosses are huge bullet sponges. I ran out of ammo on multiple occasions and were forced to wail at the greater demons with the katana after everything else in the room was killed. The high difficulties aren't exactly challenging either since the enemies don't really do that much damage (with the exception of charging greater demon type) and it's extremely easy to dodge around the corner and heal. It's just time consuming padding.I want to know what the ♥♥♥♥ they were thinking withZillafight in particular. He has the most predictable moveset in the entire game (oh gee, he disappeared, wonder if he is going to give me a 10 second break and attack me from behind with Hoji announcing his ""surprise attack"" to me for the 30th time), is the most bullet spongy encounter and you have to fight him ♥♥♥♥ing twice, with both fights having the exact same movesets and ""strategies"" for beating him. I can't honestly think of a worse video game boss fight.As for the good points it's commendable that the game rewards exploration and there's a good amount of secrets to discover. The environments also look pretty nice. For a few bucks it's not a complete waste of money, but it's definitely not something memorable or a game you could recommend to anyone either."
,Recommended,233130,7322295,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Shagrost,http://dokole.me/index.php/shadow-warrior-vy-zhimka/
,Recommended,233130,33219173,Posted: 4 July,all,Lucifer 💤,Extremely fun hack and slash game!I love grabbing one of there hearts off the floor and keeping it in my hand! And oh gosh no.. the rabbits.. no.. THEY ARE ALWAYS HUMPING and dont.. whatever you do.. DONT ATTACK THE RABBITS THEY WILL COME BACK BLACK AND ANGRY. THEY WILL KILL YOU
,Recommended,233130,2153270,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Vermilion Wlad,"Bloody Brilliant! One of the best shooters this year, Shadow Warrior takes on a gory, non-♥♥♥♥♥♥ reboot of the original. Featuring hordes of demons, wang jokes and incredibly fun gameplay. Buy it now, it's the most fun you'll have with a sword this year!"
,Not Recommended,233130,33621675,Posted: 17 July,all,Doomguy,"Tried playing this twice about 3 years apart, but I felt the same way both times; this game just doesn't do it for me.While I appreciate the game's attitude and sense of humour, its smooth feeling movement, good graphics and the good performance (lowest I saw it drop on my i5 4690 and gtx 1060 was 170fps) there's a number of things getting in the way of being able to actually enjoy it.While I very much like fighting with the katana, I don't think the game puts its best foot forward with the next two weapons you get; the pistol and SMG which both are garbage. Neither of them are particularly effective and both feel very weak with their pitiful feedback. I'm not very keen on the upgrade systems which I feel are very detrimental to replay value and cause me to spend more time scrounging around for coins than I really want to. While I appreciate the inclusion of special moves and abilities, which really flesh out the katana, I find the controls for them can be pretty awkward in combat. Having to tap A,A quickly while trying to run out of the way of fire with D is pretty sub-optimal. And lastly, my experience with the game was mildly buggy. I died more than once just from dashing, which seemed to trigger some kind of fall damage glitch of some kind. Not very enjoyable when you've spent the last 10 minutes looting and exploring without checkpoints.An additional technical note; I could not get rid of screen tearing in any satisfactory way with this game for some reason. The in game v-sync introduces an unplayable amount of input lag, and I could not get any external form of v-sync I tried to work. Fast Sync would've been perfect for this game, but it wouldn't work. Very annoying!I certainly wouldn't say it's a bad game but it just doesn't hit the mark for me. If you want some wang, the 1997 original is the much better bet."
,Not Recommended,233130,13480272,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Oye Beto,"A bug (?) wouldn't let me see the HUD (the one with instructions) so I never knew how to heal and get past some ""tutorial"" part until I saw a youtube video. The same happened later and I decided to stop playing."
,Recommended,233130,9733494,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Rabbidscool,Shadow Warrior so far is the best Fast-paced Swordplay FPS With a uniqe Weapon-Swrod Style gameplay. I dought it that this is the best Shooter game i've ever played before in my life. 9/10
,Not Recommended,233130,18230868,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,SoloSynth1,"Basically, you play the game for the secrets hunting and the 'wang' jokes. Nothing more.Gunplay is abysmal. Everything is sluggish in general. You got a shotgun? Great! Good luck reloading while dodging 5+ demons charging at you.Ok so you decided to change using katana, you enter command for a ki strike. What now? You need to use your WASD keys. While dodging attacks. Wait for it to charge and oh god finally got one down. Nice job. Now do this 10 more times to clear the area.The game, being a FPS, fails at the very core mechanic: it just cannot put itself togther to make it fun to use weapons to kill stuffs. 4 of the 5 times here is no 'explosive gunplay' without blowing yourself up since everyone is charging at you. It is even more so when you reach the latter half of the game - it just throws same bullet-absorbing enemies in greater numbers. You run, shoot/slice, heal, run, shoot/slice, heal. Rinse and repeat.That being said, the game is not without its charm. The gore is not bad (for a game published in 2013). The aesthetics, despite having a pseudo-oriental art style that will♥♥♥♥♥♥off any Asian being serious in this area, is generally colourful and pleasing.In conclusion, I just couldn't recommend this to anyone. This, is a very medicore game that, quality-wise, being outdone by many other far more enjoyable gory monster killing games. Grab it only when it is on sale and you absolutely don't mind wasting hours just for some funny, though lame jokes and references."
76561198035871692,Recommended,233130,12526553,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,The Emperor of Mankind,Very good old school game.
76561198016359317,Recommended,233130,17845642,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Mister,"I played the old Shadow Warrior on my old 468 ""back in the day"". It was great. Hillarious dialogue and ""modern graphics"". (It was honestly, the first time I'd heard the joke: *ring ring* ""Hello? Is your refrigerator running? Better go catch it!"" Lol.)But this game, this is a different game. Much more gritty. It has a more modern edge to it. (Edge, sword? see what I did there?)The maps are good - although I did find that I was confused in some places (mostly because I missed the obvious), the sound track is quite nice, the story is solid and graphics are pleasing.There are bunches of secrets and tributes to the original Shadow Warrior (& Hotline, Serious Sam etc etc). And of course, a sweet sword. (also, enemies block - which is always a nice element.)All in all, a good game. :)Note:Does contains swears here and there, there are dealings with the 'demon-esque', and the like, in the overall story line - as the enemies consisting of them. So if you're touchy about those things, you might want to give this one a miss.""WHOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooo want some Wang?!""~ Lo Wang (Snr)"
76561197985983893,Recommended,233130,12789767,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Empath64,Wer auf Dämonengeschnetzeltes und feiste Balleraction steht: Kaufen!!!Tolles Spiel! Toll in 3D!
,Recommended,233130,12795632,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,VeganWolf™,You Get to use a magic Katana11/10 Would Play Again
,Recommended,233130,22774641,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,MacBeth,Better than Half Life 3.
76561198082971847,Recommended,233130,8006690,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Nimunax,SO FUNNY GAME :D
,Recommended,233130,12122312,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Curdle_Sanders,"If Doom and Duke Nukem had a baby and used a katana for foreplay, that baby would be Shadow Warrior. The game has that old shooter charm  and ""fun"" which modern graphics and sound. I bought the game to hack guys to pieces with a katana and was surprised how fun and compelling the game was. It's a seriously underated game!"
,Recommended,233130,28480268,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Nate Higgers,lopkopop zooopp[1-0;'1`p[0l 10-.-01 gok-od game
,Recommended,233130,9653800,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Schleem,You can murder bunnies....10/10
,Recommended,233130,24452962,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,LuWinKre,There is only one WANG to save the world
,Recommended,233130,22983295,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,HuyTran Gaming,Shadow Warrior 2 Please!
,Recommended,233130,8111790,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Sci-Fiddy,"Overall it is a good game with a lot of blood and a great fighting system. It’s wangtastic and if you can pick it up for $10, it will be worth it."
76561198081243462,Recommended,233130,8266174,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,klyver1138,This is a pretty entertaining fps with excellent sword play.  A combination of easy to use combos on the xbox controller for magic you use with the sword makes the game just plain fun.
,Recommended,233130,7608105,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Nate Wingman,"While there is a few AI problems with the combat, Shadow Warrior is a polished indie game that is almost AAA quality. Produced by the Hotline Miami guys and dev'd by Pigs Can Fly, the game has the best implementation of first-person sword fighting I have played. The story is a bit stale, but the characters have some great lines.This being said, I'd like to point out that I never finished the story. And you probably won't either."
,Recommended,233130,7896351,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,fleabeard,Game of the Year
,Recommended,233130,8108961,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,AndGeo,"So... Shadow Warrior.Graphics are ok, not great but good. The Story is probably best described as cliched.(spoilers) You have to find the 3 parts of a sword, not all that great but it works. Audio is ok. The hook of this game is probably the humour and the gameplay. The humour is not the humour of the 1st one but I found it quite amusing. The gameplay is very melee-heavy, the guns don't feel all that powerful and the sword combat is extremly OP. It get's a little bit boring after a while. A thing that is very good about this game is probably the level-design, the set pieces are good, it's linear but not on a COD level.To wrap it all up: Shadow Warrior is a solid game. If you like beign OP and slashing through your enemies like butter you should buy it, if you expect a remake, don't.P.S.If you don't like the music all that much and want to feel a little bit more epic, open the steam overlay, make a playlist on youtube and listen to that.(Recommendation: Use something by Two steps from hell and Hammerfall)"
,Recommended,233130,8215665,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Ongoingwhy,"You control Lo Wang, an employee of Zilla Enterprise. With a katana and 2 million dollars, you were sent to purchase the Nobitsura Kage from a certain Mr Miyazaki. The deal went south and you have to fight your way through to the Nobitsura Kage. Thankfully, Lo Wang is an extremely skilled swordsman and is quite resilient to pain. Later, as you accumulate karma points, you'll even be able to cut down your enemies from a distance. Other than his katana, Lo Wang will also find other weapons throughout the game, including demon hearts and heads. After making a pact with the demon Hoji, Lo Wang can unlock demonic powers to further enhance his fighting capability. The combat is fast-paced and delightfully gory, especially if you use the katana most of the time. I would definitely recommend this if you enjoyed games like Painkiller."
,Recommended,233130,11498370,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Ulaxes,"Fantastic Shooter with surprisingly cool katana combat, brutal weapons and enemies that are so much fun to fight. I especially loved the big and colorful enviroments. Might lack a bit of variety in the long run, but it's definatly worth picking up for every FPS fan."
,Recommended,233130,16495542,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Cafe Jazz,So good
,Recommended,233130,1200836,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Y|yukichigai,"Psst.  Hey, Duke Nukem Forever? This is how you bring a classic FPS franchise to the modern era while straddling that fine line between ""old-school tough-as-nails"" and ""modern accessibility.""I know a lot of my recommendations go on forever, so I'll keep this one short.  This is a great game, and a great mix between the old-school ethos of ""here's a bunch of dudes, kill them"" and the modern philosophy of ""it's called a learning curve, not a learning cliff.""  The gameplay is very much classic FPS, not a chest-high wall to be seen anywhere, but there's modern touches like character upgrades and health regen.  And before you lose it, no, this is not automatic ""run away and hide until you feel better"" health regen, this is health regen you have to activate yourself.  Sometimes in combat.  Y'know, like a big boy.Anywho, it's a tiny bit shorter than I'd like (14 hours on my first playthrough), but I enjoyed the whole playthrough start to finish.  It's a welcome update to Shadow Warrior: it has all the key elements of the old game, even very well done references to the old game, but with enough differences and updates that it is very much it's own separate experience.  Well worth a play.  Also well worth a sequel or some DLC."
,Recommended,233130,8235834,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Papa Zev,Is good.
,Recommended,233130,7926305,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,RickSinclair,"Great Game! This game runs flawlessly for me (GTX 680 2gb, 16gb ram, i72600k, ssd with win 8.1), Combat is great, gore is satisfying. Upgrades are numerous and if you are skilled enough you will get a few of them. Graphics are satisfying and compliment the gameplay."
76561198002722316,Recommended,233130,8153184,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Ivo,
76561197992528533,Recommended,233130,7885194,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,sib2,Superb old school FPS. Great improvement over Hard Reset. MUST HAVE.
,Recommended,233130,8144424,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,psychoman101,Excellent remake almost true to the original!!!!
,Recommended,233130,8063220,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,satsun,"I've only played the multiplayer portion of the original game so I don't know where the story stands in Shador Warrior 2013 but the gameplay is quite fun. What makes the gameplay fun is that you have the ability to upgrade various skills and weapons, giving you different ways to kill enemies. I thought the game seemed a bit long for a single-player FPS but it was fun enough that I didn't get bored with it. It took me 17 hours to complete on normal difficulty.If you value your performance, disable the mirriors setting."
76561198044293474,Recommended,233130,7891144,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,DRpwn92,"This a balls to the wall type of game, and needs to be play by everyone."
,Recommended,233130,8544442,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,UU,"What I expected was a fun FPS game with a very good swordplay mechanic built in.What suprised me is everything else. The graphics, the voice acting, the storyline, the boss fights... everything that one may think not much attention is given to is actually one of the game's greatest feature.Great PC Optimization and awesome combat and cutscenes. This is a game that keeps on giving.Admittedly, there are some problems. The sword is too powerful and makes the myriads of guns in this game barely usable. Some levels are rehashed and is confusing to find which door, lever, or button to find in order to progress. And there isn't a whole lot of enemy variety.But damn, for a game that came out of nowhere, did it deliver. Just look at some of the screenshots, and take a sneak peek at the bosses and you'll know what I'm talking about. It is a very visceral game with huge thematic environments and a touching story with a good sense of humor. I can go on with these run-on sentences, so tl;dr: this is a gem that you should not miss!"
,Recommended,233130,9599143,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Juhan2turnt,One of the funniest and coolest games ive ever playd.First i wanna say that i love japan caus its history yes ninjas and samurais are real but to the point now.The atmosphere is super good.Graphics go in beatifully and its all in beatiful:The weapons are unique[note you may have to look on wikipedia on thees words]Theres a revolver with a tsuba and its wery unique and fun to shootThe funniest weapon in the game is the katana its the in real life the sharpest sword with carbon fiberd 6x tri heated blade its unique and makes melee really fun again.There are funny jokes and cool secrets.Really one of the best games ive playd but it has some pretty ♥♥♥♥ed up gore.Just buy this game now Just do it
76561198054914056,Recommended,233130,22835743,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Penis Balls Autism Fuck,Still was not completely sure wether or not to buy this game but that quickly changed when I saw the next gen fish physics and tree swaying phisics.
,Recommended,233130,13145761,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,4 B.,Killed a Demon with an 8-Bit Katana accompanied by awesomely cheesy phrases. - 30/10
76561198018839185,Recommended,233130,25317040,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Crabby,Slashy Slashy fun time.
76561197962488590,Recommended,233130,13348428,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Hammond,"Can be bought from sale for less than four euros, great game for a low price. Solid combat mechanics and funny ""bad"" humour. Better than many recent big budget shooters."
76561198082804625,Recommended,233130,17530335,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Kaka,Pros: Katana choppingBlood and gutsGUNSCons: Death metal bunnys that chase you
,Recommended,233130,17531532,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,High Men Buster,"Crazy fun.  Some of the best melee FPS you'll see in a game.  Gunplay is a little weaker, but still a blast, Painkiller-style.  Would recommend playing in only small doses though, you can definitely get some action fatigue from the title (pacing is basically just ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of enemies"" the whole game).  For $4 right now it's an incredible steal."
,Recommended,233130,30057404,Posted: 20 February,all,Qahnaarin,Very interesting game.It's worth to purchase this game.At least for me=)
,Recommended,233130,30543003,Posted: 16 March,all,[cwz] kainlane,"Played my random roll a few times now, total about 2 hours. Shadow Warrior was a blast to play. It’s the reboot version from 2013. I’ve played a little bit of the old 90s version as well, prior. First off, the graphics are passable, but disappointing. It’s not that old but there were aspects to them that were almost downright bad. On the other hand, environments looked really really good and there are other aspects that look good. It runs very smoothly, though, so that also helps. I think I was in the 70-90fps range most of the time with my 5 year old hardware and there are a lot of monsters at times.So I played two levels, each about an hour long. The game starts off, you are going to buy a sword from some old traditional Japanese guy, you get double crossed and you get imprisoned. Sometime in between conscious demons erupt from the earth killing basically everyone in the most gruesome fashion. They are your primary enemies. The low level ones are basically sword fodder and rush you with their claws. Later I came upon some other type that shoot glowing balls, and then some giant warlord one that shoots fire and has a gigantic sword. Basically just kite and shoot or go in swinging with my sword for the little ones. The AI isn’t anything spectacular, but I wouldn’t expect them to be. The humans are pretty much just as stupid though. I’m pretty sure I heard “I got something for you BLADE!*”Combat is fast and somewhat frenetic. I used a sword 90% of the time. In the options you can change the appearance of the basic katana with a couple other things. Ice axe from Walking Dead (telltale? I don’t remember) some sort of bat, and the “penetrator” from Saints Row, which is a 3 ft purple d1ldo on a stick. Which is funny, especially when you unsheathe it like the sword and rub your hand along its length. I generally stuck with the sword though. With the sword you can also throw shurikens. Other weapons I got so far was a pistol that can be upgraded, a submachine gun, sort of like an uzi that is incredibly weak and almost worthless. A demon heart, that kills any low level demons in a very short radius. And then after I killed the warlord I could use his head (this is an unlockable ability) and it shot some sort of fire/energy from it’s mouth. You get a bonus in energy points (for ability unlocks) by doing a multitude of strike types against a group of enemies. Usually it just gets crazy fast though and I just hack away.Story is actually pretty decent. After hell breaks loose, you are still after the sword, for some reason. It’s a pretty big deal. You get the help of some kind of magic being that gives you powers. You start with a self-heal. I unlocked a couple so far, one being a blast that knocks enemies in a line into the air “oh look, demon pinatas!” and another that knocks them down in a radius. As well as a Ki strike that is pretty powerful. And I think I unlocked so ki strikes give me health. I’ve died a few times when absolutely overwhelmed, especially in corridor type areas that have a lot of explosives like vending machines and cars (why does a coke machine blow up like a nuclear device?!).The unlock section is pretty neat actually. For some you get tattoos, for others you color in classic Japanese prints, and then you can buy upgrades for your weapons with found money. I like it. Of course Lo Wang has his quips and remarks. They aren’t USUALLY repetitive, but I’ve heard the piñata joke enough times now.Oh yea, and it’s really gory gross. Mutiliated bodies skewered on spikes everywhere. Pools of blood and smears and whatnot. Monsters get hacked to bits from your sword. A lot of things are destructible, but could be more. On the other side, there are some really nice classic Japanese artwork pieces on the walls."
,Recommended,233130,13770227,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Bus Load of Orphans,IS VERY NICE HIGH FIVE!
76561198170541481,Recommended,233130,13775803,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Fluffy Bun,Jokes and Brutality. Better than JB's period
,Recommended,233130,22163087,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,=|ProHammers|=,"This game....i picked up during the Winter sale (I think?) and never managed to play it up until a few days ago.And i so BADLY regret not playing it earlier.It's sword combat is so satisfying that  you can go on for hours murdering and murdering demons. The protagonist himself is sort of an anti-hero/antagonist, depending on how you see it; but the journey throughout the game with him and a more sane demon is very fun and intriguing. The sound design and the musical flourish is just soooo goooooodd. Not to mention the graphics. They look REALLY pretty, especially during the later parts of the game. I just wish the levels weren't so linear and we could splice and dice more objects, but oh well ;(. Also, a bit variation in the boss fights would've been appreciated, but they're still fun to ♥♥♥♥ up regardless!Overall, i give this a 9/10. A must buy at full price or even at sale. At sale; its a complete STEAL if you ask me ;D"
,Recommended,233130,9306538,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,RANE♂NEXT♂DOOR,"This♥♥♥♥♥♥s ♥♥♥♥ing baller, buy immediately."
76561198232979232,Recommended,233130,31857531,Posted: 20 May,all,Sidetrackx,"Edit- after dealing with response to my review I will change this to a positive cause you canuse mouse and keyboard to play but still leave how i judged it regardless-I like and hate this game its a strange situation with this one, I like what they did mostly but i will explain whats wrong here at least to me.Lets start with the controls this game wants you to hold down the crouch button and put it on your analog stick thats used for moving, this makes using it useless- you never need it wasted button!On top of this you have to do directional taps and trigger holds to use powers in a fast paced game it feels wrong, why cant we just select power like our weapon and just use it??Its a clever game in good and bad ways, your powers with the sword slow you down to take hits cause of tapping, using a gun is off here cause you can be aiming right at them and still be missing, its actually the worst first person aiming ive seen so far- Im still new to the FPS games so maybe its me!The swordplay is done right here for the most part except the tapping, and dash helps with dodging making it feel good using it, throwing stars have better aim than guns its weird, its like this game gave you guns but doesnt support using them.I cant recommend this if you use a controller, that tapping breaks the flow its stupid and aiming a gun isnt satisfying if you shoot like a drunk idiot that poked his own eye out with a pencil."
76561198023938712,Recommended,233130,15058169,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,sk8er boi,made me feel harder than the titanic10/10 would play again ;_;
,Recommended,233130,13747708,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,InVader,"Well, I'm at the end of my 4th playthrough (disregard play-time, dunno what's up with that) and I still intend to play more Survival mode. This game got everything right. I was starved for a good fps and this game hit all the right spots.Buy this instead of Wolfenstein: The New OrderThe story is amazing, except Chapter 16, where it get's a bit too serious in a bad way. The ending (ch. 17) is fine and very feely - nothing wrong with that. Chapter 16 just came off as... awkward(?). The transformation of the characters at that point is done a bit poorly.The swordplay is pretty cool. The enemy models slice up rather nicely. It's pretty accurate. The sword does seem a little bit overpowered though, because of the healing upgrade you can get for it. Not that there's anything wrong with that - it's a singleplayer game, and regardless of how strong the sword is, you will still want to/need to use the other weapons.Regarding the main character, some people said the original Lo Wang was better. I call bs on that. He had NO character. He was a pair one liner ripping pants that the player wore. The new Lo Wang is a lot better. He has an awesome character, but he's still badass, he still has one liners.I just wish I could get the classic katana somehow. I have SW Classic Redux, but I still can't select it. :(9.5/10 best fps in a loooong time. Looking forward to the sequel (fighting your way home through the Shadow Realm would be nice)"
76561198019109823,Recommended,233130,10443585,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Heil Hank,"This game is great, graphics are great, gameplay is smooth and addicting, characters are funny.This game is great, get it."
,Recommended,233130,7824380,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,ThE_MarD,"Heyyo, perfected graphics on the Unreal 3 Engine, combined with good weapons and leveling up your character in a FPS game where you get rated on your killing skills? Oh yeah, this reimagining of Shadow Warrior is definitely a must play. :)"
,Recommended,233130,7885432,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,MANBEAST,so much blood. so much fun
76561197969385823,Recommended,233130,15752563,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Dwane Dibbley,"Classic oldschool gem enhanced with modern aspects (upgradable weapons, skills/perks/magic and VERY VIABLE sword combat with multiple combos).Alot of enemies to be butchered by various ways, where shooting them in face is most boring of them."
76561197998920164,Recommended,233130,8209569,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,TotalBisquick,You can cut people's heads off and then cut their head into a smaller head. 10/10
,Recommended,233130,12907661,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Gold.,BLOOD - YES!HEADS RIPPING OFF - YES!JAPANESES - YES! (no offense)SUNGLASSES - YES!MONSTERS - YES!This game is a beast!
,Recommended,233130,8215792,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Campo,10/10This game is like if they made a game of kill bill and made it super funny. You will be laughing so much in this game and at the same time you will be killing demons like a bamf. Definatly pick up this game if you are reading this during the 2013 Holiday sale. You wont regret it.
,Not Recommended,233130,13994515,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,eXtonix,"A completely soulless sequel to one of the funniest fps in video game history.While it is pretty fun to play, it inherits absolutely nothing what made the original game so special / great."
,Recommended,233130,16155454,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin,"Shadow Warrior:Positives:+ The game features lots of guns, including uzi's, revolvers, crossbows, shotguns, flamethrowers and more. There's plenty of weapon upgrades which add everything from dual wielding to explosive rounds for your firearms. In addition, two skill trees are available which focus on improving your healing abilities, movement, luck, katana mastery and defensive and offensive Chi powers, such as knockdown stuns and damage reduction blocking. There's a great amount of variation here for character building.+ Very engaging combat for the most part, keeping you on your toes. There's several different types of enemies - standard demons, warlords, shamans, berserkers, flying demons plus others.+ Hidden secrets to find for those who enjoy a bit of exploration, along with the often amusing fortune cookies.+ Graphics are absolutely fine considering the obvious low budget for the game. It's clear Shadow Warrior is not a triple A game so stunning visuals shouldn't be expected. It's decent and that's all it needs to be.+ The game takes a good 15-20 hours to finish, which is not too bad for an FPS, hack 'n' slash style title.Negatives:- Weak story, limited dialogue, somewhat hard to follow. Very linear for the most part.- Some non-sensical environmental mechanics, cars explodes by throwing shurikens at them, or a few bullets. Fighting is very arcade-like and lacks realism.- Really tedious and boring boss encounters, which can take 20-30 minutes per battle (hard difficulty). Often they're not that hard, just time consuming and annoying.Overall Score: 7/10Shadow Warrior is a nice, action packed game to pass the time. It has an acceptable amount of content for a cheap price (especially on sale) so it's well worth it."
76561197970445048,Recommended,233130,9767331,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,bubbacho,"Originally I thought this game was a bit of a joke having played the original ""back in the day"". But twelve hours in and this game simply rocks. Its the very essence of old school shooters with the polish and shine of a triple A title. How this only received 73/100 on Metacritic is beyond me, but the story is a bit on the comic book side. But it's Shadow Warrior, what else would you expect?For anyone who grew up playing Doom, Quake, Duke Nukem, ect., this baby will not disappoint. Compared to today's shooters I would place this game among such titles as Bullet Storm, Serious Sam, or Pain Killer. If you're looking for some run n' gun action with boss gear and hilarious gore, you've found home sweet home :)"
,Recommended,233130,8234640,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,euan,Amazing Gameplay.Looks Beautiful and well optimised.++++++++++++++++++++++
,Recommended,233130,8113570,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,MrFive2Five,just a wonderful game if you like games you will like this
,Recommended,233130,8229736,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Coffee,That's a lot of wang
,Recommended,233130,8320404,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Hah! Got him!,"Great fun and awesome fighting system, gets dry sometimes but overall great"
,Recommended,233130,8442289,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Approximaton.TKK,No man is an island. Except Lo Wang.
,Recommended,233130,8238616,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Nab0',"Fantastic game, superbly fun"
76561198023836860,Recommended,233130,8239680,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,SeancePrime,Humor and blood - copious amounts of both. Sometimes that's all you need in a game. Best $10 I've spent on Steam this year.
,Recommended,233130,8285694,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,IShallRiseAgain,Awesome game for those who can handle their Wang.
,Recommended,233130,29626641,Posted: 1 February,all,ZombieStalker08,A rather fun and entertaining game with a strangely longer story then I was expecting...
,Recommended,233130,20669855,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Szhi,A *very* underrated game.True legacy and evolution of 90's FPS.
,Recommended,233130,8595374,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Lost,"Not so much a sequel, prequel, reimagining, or reboot of the original Shadow Warrior, but some combination of all four. It's surprisingly loyal to the source material, but gives more than enough of its own voice so it doesn't feel like it's needlessly pandering to a niche fanbase. Everything is vibrant and colorful to look at, especially at the beginning, though it falls off in acts two and three as you move to more drab, industrial environments.The gameplay is simple but fun, mindless violence. If you like blood, this game has it in spades. Enemies don't just drop down dead; they go in pieces and explosions of blood that leaves areas coated in red. The genius of the game is that if you have a favored weapon, you can pretty much go through the entire game with that weapon and never feel like the you're being pressured to use something else. The combat itself is pretty much the same from beginning to end, with new enemies and new weapons and powers added over time, but it's done right so that it's never a chore in order to move on to the next level.The sword was a fantastic weapon in the original game, and they made it even better in this. The sword feels sharp and powerful when you swing it, and when you cut something apart, the sound and the enemy reactions feels like you're cutting through flesh and bone, not just whacking a guy over the head with a stick until they die.There are two major downsides, however. The first is that this game is very resource intensive, so if you don't have a powerful computer, forget it. The second is the bosses are the old three hit pattern bosses with glowing weak points. They aren't terrible, but it subtracts from figuring out the best way to kill the new enemy by having their weak points highlighted to you and forcing you to remove their armor in specific patterns.Other than that, this game does everything right, and is a testament to what Duke Nukem Forever should have been."
76561197971171352,Recommended,233130,34176309,Posted: 11 August,all,Killer Tofu,"This game seems to run purely on nostalgia and referencial humor.In other words: if you like Family Guy, you will probably enjoy this game."
76561198054956552,Recommended,233130,34440787,Posted: 23 August,all,D1ckypr0st41nt,It's like Serious Sam but with Asian stereotypes and♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes.So you better believe it's good.
,Recommended,233130,34431203,Posted: 22 August,all,CompHel,"Nice blend of old and modern FPS style, great katana combat and an interesting (and satisfying to use) arsenal of weapons, it's not Hard Reset 2, but it's equally good. Can't recommend it enough!"
,Recommended,233130,34442798,Posted: 23 August,all,Faucheuse,"My experience of this game :Ok let's goHaha cutting things is funSo far it's a regular corridor shooter, with a very nice melee sideWow this level is beatifulWait it seems like the story is becoming interestingNow it's getting philosophical, poetic evenThe level design is just genious, it's not a regular corridor shooter, it's not tons of ennemy, it's the same ennemies in arenas where it's harder and harder to beat them.Wow this level IS REALLY BEAUTIFULCrap no man, don't do that you'll die !!!OMG it's the end, the story was incredible, didn't expect that ... am ... am I crying ?10/10 Most beautiful discovery I had in a long time !"
,Recommended,233130,34443368,Posted: 23 August,all,Zegar,"It's fun to slice things, what do you want more to know ya dingus"
,Recommended,233130,22248220,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Sleepless™,PROS: YES!!CONS: I don't like seeing what I have missed in a chapter...
,Recommended,233130,9631775,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Atlaimond,"I recommend only those who have played the'ShadowWarrior Classic Redux'. But if you haven't played that, I guess to it has a chance to you like that game too. I have bought that game because I like the first one. Please if you are thinking about buy that game, I suggest go and watch some YouTube videos about that game. Because there are some joke in that game who are referring the old one game. So, if you haven't played before the first one, you will not understand that jokes.Good thing.-This game run well on my computer.-There have useful skills and weapons.-Good control.Bad thing.-If you haven't played the first one, you will not understand some jokes.-If you want to get all achievement, you need be a pro player! Because the last achievement 'No Ordinary Wang' is seems like impossible.-Occasionally, I couldn't make head-shots, at least I have really aimed their heads.I recommend that game those who played the 'ShadowWarrior Classic Redux' and those who like the single player action first person shooter games."
,Recommended,233130,17980311,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,ri,Mr. Wang later married Ms. Ker
,Recommended,233130,15804936,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Apparently Kid,7.5/10.
,Recommended,233130,26006910,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,[MoeGamer.net] Pete,"I really liked the original Shadow Warrior. A contemporary of Duke Nukem 3D and running on the same engine, it followed the mould for first-person shooters of the time by having varied levels, lots of enemies, a formidable difficulty level and a 3D engine that wasn't quite up to what the designers wanted to do at times. And, of course, a protagonist that spouted silly one liners at every opportunity.The new Shadow Warrior is an interesting blend of old and new. There's clearly some old-school level design DNA in there, because the levels are all far from being Call of Duty-style linear corridors. The main route through each level is usually pretty obvious (and if it isn't, the game makes the next door you should go through glow) but, unusually for a modern shooter, there are plenty of opportunities to explore, leaving the main path of the level to ""go and see what's over there"". The game is packed with secrets of this type and is immensely rewarding for those who like to explore. There are even a number of ""retro"" secret areas that make use of the low-res textures from the original Shadow Warrior and flat lighting -- not only do these provide pleasant fanservice for fans of the original, they also allow you to see immediately how far we've come in terms of graphics.And boy, new Shadow Warrior is one hell of a looker. It's absolutely gorgeous from start to finish, with beautiful lighting, excellent texture work, interesting level designs and a variety of different environments. Plus it pays homage to the original Shadow Warrior and its other Build-engine contemporaries by setting the majority of its action in ""realistic"", relatable locations like city streets and parks, much as Shadow Warrior, Duke Nukem 3D and Blood all did.The biggest surprise to me was how much I became invested in the story. In the original Shadow Warrior, again like its contemporaries, the story was largely throwaway, delivered mostly through the game's help text and short ending sequences at the conclusion of each episode. New Shadow Warrior, meanwhile, not only spins some convincing original Japanese-style mythology, it also converts protagonist Lo Wang from the admittedly amusing dirty old man he was in the original to a convincing (and younger) hero who has a genuine journey of development and self-discovery over the course of the narrative.He still spouts cheesy one-liners at every opportunity, but he does so with a certain degree of self-awareness, even giving up halfway through one at one point in the game and choosing instead to just say ""♥♥♥♥ your mother"" to the demon hordes he is attempting to dispatch at that moment.Gameplay-wise, new Shadow Warrior is solid, too. Here it diverges a little from old-school Shadow Warrior's formula in that you don't encounter a trickle of enemies constantly as you explore the level. Rather, new Shadow Warrior adopts a somewhat Painkiller-esque approach, splitting each level into discrete encounters that sometimes consist of several waves of enemies in succession. They're monster arenas, basically, but the level design ensures that this structure doesn't become overly tiresome; it's pretty rare you'll just be dumped in a big room with a bunch of monsters. Instead, there will usually be plenty of cover to dodge around, destructible objects with which you can do additional damage and perhaps even some secret hidey-holes where you can get an advantageous position.New Shadow Warrior's combat is exemplary for the genre. It doesn't overburden the player with a ton of possible weapons that all do basically the same thing (hi, Call of Duty) -- instead, much like its old-school inspiration, it gradually introduces each weapon to the player one at a time over the course of several levels, until by the end of the game you're the sort of walking arsenal you were in '90s shooters, with each and every weapon having a situation in which it is useful. And the weapons feel great, to use; the shotgun is a particular highlight, having not only a satisfyingly loud noise, but the potential to blast pretty much anything into a fine paste.Also worthy of note is the melee combat, which plays quite a central role for much of the game. First-person melee combat is often a bit crap, consisting of flailing wildly until someone falls over -- indeed, the original Shadow Warrior's swordplay was rather like this. New Shadow Warrior, meanwhile, has a convincing feel of impact to its melee combat. When fighting melee-capable enemies, they'll block and parry your attacks convincingly, forcing you to outwit them. And with the game's various skill trees that you can unlock as you progress through the game, a double tap in a direction followed by holding one of the mouse buttons will unleash one of a number of different special attacks ranging from a simple powerful sword thrust to magic-like abilities that can control crowds, heal you, send out shockwaves or protect you from damage.The reason the ""monster arena"" structure works is that it gives you time to appreciate the game's wonderful scenery and excellent level design in between fights. If the action was relentless, you wouldn't have much of an opportunity to do this, and developer Flying Wild Hog clearly knows that they've made a very pretty game. Not only that, but keeping the action to predictable ""spikes"" allows the player to take their time over combing the level for secrets without worrying about being attacked and potentially losing a ton of progress.On the whole, I'm really impressed with new Shadow Warrior. It's one of the very best single-player first-person shooters (perhaps I should say first-person action game, due to the strong focus on melee combat) I've played recently -- possibly one of the best I've ever had the pleasure of playing. And in a world where the bigger budget FPS titles are increasingly bland and dull, Shadow Warrior is a breath of fresh air."
76561198155407778,Recommended,233130,16931129,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Vlad The Inhaler,"""I Guess That Was To Much Wang For Them to Handle"""
,Recommended,233130,28870646,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Momo,"This game is genius. The gameplay is great, the story is great, the lines are great. Get me som waaaannngg!!!"
76561198020395589,Recommended,233130,17527992,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,ToxicKookie,What's there to say that hasn't already been said?Good game.  Fun swordplay.  Passable gunplay.  Atrocious screen effect for the glasses that has to be turned off through console command every single time you boot up.Looking very forward to them fixing the lens filter for the sequel.
,Recommended,233130,29973207,Posted: 16 February,all,[FN] Mr Zombie,This game is very fun to play
76561198036896850,Recommended,233130,31967246,Posted: 26 May,all,Lt. Archer,If I'm ever having a bad day this is my go-to game to slice and dice ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s into tiny little pieces. Very theraputic. Keeps me out of prison. Would recommend.
76561198009056993,Recommended,233130,12817501,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Lord Mephiston,"This game is simply awesome. The levels aren't SUPER imaginitve as they are fairly linear. However, each level boasts ""secrets"" that you can find, and at the end of each chapter they summarize your score so you can decide if you want to go back and play the level again to find more of the stuff.All in all, the gameplay is awesome, the combat is immersive and there is a wide variety of weapons, upgrades, powers and abilities that you can upgrade as the game progresses. Very fun Japanese vibe, and overall just a fun game to play.Definitely check this one out, especially if you are a FPS fan who appreciates good melee combat and an enthusiast of Japanese combat styles and crude jokes."
,Recommended,233130,33222952,Posted: 4 July,all,TALIBANSOULJAH,if u wanna be a weabo but like a cool weabo this game is for u
76561198095105101,Recommended,233130,24177843,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Deadly Peanut,"SW is a linear 'hallway shooter' that is fun and polished.  There is one route which is marked by glowing doorways and all the pickups glow, making them very easy to see, which I LOVE.  Because of how the route doorways glow, you can move through big complex levels very quickly.The combat fun and varied, centered on the sword and powers, and some of the weapons can be underwhelming (SMG) while some of the weapons can be useful (crossbow). As the you play, you earn/pick up karma/money/crystals to upgrade powers/skills/weapons.  The powers and skills are significant upgrades, important in mid/late game.  There are secrets and Easter eggs hidden in corners, but steam has a very good guide that details the location of ALL of them.The graphics are sometimes quite beautiful, and made me stop in the middle of a level to just look around.The game is tongue in cheek and themed around the samurai/Asian thing.  The humor works, including the sometimes very funny fortune cookies you can find.Later in the game, the combat became annoying as the game dumps the player into locked rooms with crowds of bullet spong bots, requiring the player to sprint and heal contintually with no place to retreat and heal.  The mechanics of locking the door behind you until you kill all the bots or die is pretty silly and unusual in PvE games.6 out of 10"
76561198002543665,Recommended,233130,24650067,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,iTz Mr.STinKy xG,nice game...very smooth.....gameplay was good.....enjoyed from start to finish...9/10seen the trailer for number 2....4 player co-op...sweet
,Recommended,233130,24338404,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Riverstone,"Funny and fun, all wraped into one. Get this game for the fun. If you play games to have fun, this one is for you."
,Recommended,233130,8022176,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,mech_ninebreaker,This is an awesome game with an all around fun experience. flying wild hogs has yet to dissapoint me and continue to be my number 1 indie developer
,Recommended,233130,1602233,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Tegiminis,someone made a game about an asian man spewing one-liners and somehow it's good??? and not actually racist??? how the ♥♥♥♥ did that happen
,Recommended,233130,12917063,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Xifax,They should make more FPSes like this.
76561198041487368,Recommended,233130,16506554,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Baddamobs,"“You got Wang.”- Lo Wang, the protagonist, instantly winning my heart in his intro.Shadow Warrior is a revitalisation of the old run-and-gun, action and exploration games of the early days of gaming. However, it does something VITALLY important: it learns from its roots without being commanded by them.This means that you have the best of both words: frantic, fast past combat that rewards the player for going all out is combined with a greatly amusing (and surprisingly heartfelt) story. Not to mention you also have a wacky, smart alec protagonist who never the less is actually a very well written three dimensional character (and also not a racist caricature).The story itself is fairly simple, but throws enough twists and curve balls to keep it interesting. The characters, however, are simply a damn joy. Wang succeeds at being both a legit badass and kind of a goofball, making it hard not to root for this extremely loveable hero. The supporting cast are all colourful and witty characters who can both chew the scenery and have shockingly well built up sombre moments.You have an impressively wide arsenal at your disposal by the end of the game (true to form, you can carry every gun with you at all times), which means it’s easy to mix your art of killing as you go. The game also boasts quite an impressive upgrade system, so you can refine your tactics and weapons to suit your needs. Though, if you don’t buy the duel Uzis as soon as you humanly can, I’m not sure what the hell is wrong with you.It also brings back the exploration aspect of older games: looking off the beaten track might reward you with bonuses, or even an Easter egg if you’re lucky. However, you can realistically get through the game without finding all these bonuses, so you’re in no way obligated to do so.The game is not without some faults, however: one or two of the levels are more liner then the others, and while this isn’t game breaking it can mean that you burn through too quickly to appreciate the visuals. There are also one or two late game enemies that are not nearly as fun to fight as the early game ones, and can border on frustrating as the fight grinds to halt because you’re struggling to such a degree. One of the more annoying problems is that the ranking system (you receive a blank/5 at the end of every major fight) can feel slightly random and inconsistent in its scoring. It can’t seem to decide how many weapons or powers are needed for top marks.That being said, these problems are largely superficial or rare enough to not be a deal breaker.The game delivers a strong performance as a love-letter to its source material while also being fun for new and old fans alike. Jump in for a frantic sword and gun battle to the gates of hell and back, if you think you can handle the Wang."
,Recommended,233130,16350642,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,⛧ Satanheim ⛧,"Found two humping rabbits,Killed them because I'm an a-hole,They morphed into a dark demonic rabbit,Spent the next 10 minutes fighting dark demonic rabbit,Nearly died to it,Emerged victorious, covered in dark demonic rabbit blood and claimed its heart.10/10"
,Recommended,233130,20624552,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Le Meow,"run cause more dead than demons, don't run!"
,Recommended,233130,8024987,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Kuuhaku,"I had almost forgotten unbridled joy in an FPS, but Shadow Warrior reminded me. The carnage is fantastic, whether you're using the most basic sword slash, or the most explosive gun. It is rare that I find a game I have a genuinely hard time putting down, but Shadow Warrior is so damn fun that I just kept playing. Also, for a game that takes itself so unseriously, the story is surprisingly poignant. I really can't recommend this one enough.Playing the sequel has made me realize just how compact and well-paced the first game was. There was exploration, but being linear let them curate what you see and where you go a bit better. The simple weapon unlock and upgrade systems meant you were spending a tiny amount of time in menus, and most of your time killing stuff and playing the game. Also, Hoji is the most amazing wisecracking ghost sidekick of all time.This thing regularly goes on sale for like $5 or less. If you're even remotely interested, it is so, so beyond worth it at that price."
76561198008687405,Not Recommended,233130,30048803,Posted: 19 February,all,IM-LEGER-DAMMIT!,"Ok, gotta be honest.  I wanted this game based on the nostalgia.  I bought this game because of the nostalgia.I played this game for as many hours offline as i did....  because of the nostalgia.AND NOT BECAUSE ITS A GOOD OR FUN GAME.Pros:-nice and shinyCons:-Everything else (from the standard boring storyline that only progresses after being locked in a dungeon with waves and waves on minibosses for countless hours, to the glitchy weapons that wont reload at really bad times issue that supposedly was fixed)"
76561198083196780,Recommended,233130,15975427,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,WyZyPy,"Best first person samurai (fps),its wangtastic.like lo wang say """"Having sex is like playing bridge, If you don't have a good partner, you better have a good hand."""
,Recommended,233130,7891106,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Daddy's Dainty Cum Prince,"Not funny, not fun, and missing some really basic UI elements that kinda scream ""budget garbage."" No waypoints, no minimap, no radar, the HUD doesn't bore you with extranneous information like ""what guns do I have,"" no save game slots you just click ""save game."" Basically they tried to make it like a nostalgic 90's shooter, which I would honestly like to have, but seem to have forgotten that crawling around some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ map for 20 minutes going through identical rooms and corridors to try and find whatever♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥objective was never remotely fun. Combat has some cool sword mechanics that are dampered by poor execution--directional/camera inputs don't really work so you whiff about half the time--and then bound, gagged, thrown in the trunk of a baby blue 1979 Cadillac Deville, driven to the desert, forced to dig its own grave and then shot in the head at point-blank range by the insta-kill exploding cars that developers chose to put ♥♥♥♥ing everywhere and make burst in your face with a single melee strike. Great idea for a game where you pretty much flail aimlessly with a sword.The humor is basically just forced monkeycheese garbage instead of the racist toilet humor one would rightfully expect of a game that adopts the title of ""Shadow Warrior,"" the graphics are basically low-poly garbage with post-processing slathered on like butter and baconfat on Paula Deen's breakfast burrito--enough to make a Call of Duty quickscoping montage look like a masterpiece of subtlety. Anyway it's kinda fun, I give it a C+ which is higher than my college GPA was, so thumbs up I guess"
76561198243896688,Recommended,233130,25815270,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Kaelandros,"Steam's stupid system does not allow just to ""vote"", you have to comment as well. This is the comment.."
76561198087178930,Recommended,233130,23896944,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,faceless,"very low fps on lowest settings , Macbook 2012 mid summer . Good game though )))"
,Recommended,233130,1834014,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,ChexGuy,"A legitimate ""reboot"" that changes almost everything from the original 1997 game, but not for better or for worse. It's simply different.A solid shooter with great humor and pretty good music. Some weapons leave a bit to be desired, especially before they're upgraded, but the Katana remains one of the most fun weapons in any shooter.Surprisingly, the story is good too, though you don't really have to pay attention to that."
,Recommended,233130,22866048,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Dawg101 DJ Dawg ღLoveMyPuppiesღ,I love this game so much everything in it is just awesome!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,233130,8824405,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Llamaliker,"Good, fast, fun old-school style shooter. Enjoyable sword mechanics and weapons and a surprisingly compelling story that never gets in the way of the gameplay.Also there's demon rabbits."
76561197983234274,Recommended,233130,25810303,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,afronamasaki,"hilarious riot and still has some what of an old feel. If you played the original you wont be let down if you did not play the original you wont be let down. You will have fun playing this game, and interupting rabbit sex is just the start."
76561198026376897,Recommended,233130,7495073,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,haha nerds...,One of the best shooters in years. Now if they would only change Wang's voice back...
76561198264269868,Recommended,233130,24784416,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,rassam79,I would use an x-box controller for this game. so much more fun to play.
,Recommended,233130,8203278,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,lordsebastian101,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, a great re-make, updated 90s gameplay and modern graphics, a great combination! Killing things with a katana is super fun, henchmen? demons? more like minced meat! basically the swordplay in the game is great, gunplay isn't bad either. the asian setting is cool and the game is beautiful at times, also the main character is pretty funny. the game has an cool story and great writing. basically you and your demon friend are looking for a sword and things get crazy but you kill anything in your way. a MUST BUY"
76561198003557549,Recommended,233130,26041087,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Everdark,Nice stress-toy
76561198125499603,Recommended,233130,25564095,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,DMG Henryetha,Without doubt one of the best games I ever played.+ many different weapons make killing an entertaining thing+ entertaining sword fights+ funny dialogues+ coolest protagonist ever+ hentai+ story
76561198147621661,Recommended,233130,18198009,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Noble J,"I feel obligated to recommend this game.Fast, and responsive stylized combat with many different variations to approach every battle.The highlight for me, was the character development and writing. Not often where I can say I actually laughed out loud playing a game alone, as much as I did with this one.Will be doing my second run on a higher difficulty. I should add that I don't normally want to run through the same game right away, but the choices you have to enter every battle and the solid writing; I'll be diving in again soon.8.7 Wangs outta 10"
76561198031324041,Recommended,233130,18188796,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Mumm-Ra,"""Having sex its like playing bridge,If you dont have a good partner,You better have a good hand!""""The difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer is all a matter of taste""Hes no ordinary Wang."
,Recommended,233130,13860171,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,UNATCOdx,You no mess with Lo Wang.
,Recommended,233130,22816814,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Swagwise Gamgee,"As someone who played Hard Reset, I was very impressed at what Flying Wild Hog studios could do. However, it did not have the polish I was expecting. Thankfully, they brought that and more with Shadow Warrior. Shadow Warrior was the best FPS I played back in 2013, and it was actually one of the best looking (other than Battlefield 4). Overall, it is a must have for anyone who loves the old-school FPS mechanics of a bygone age."
76561198201823919,Recommended,233130,22819799,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Kaiser,I enjoyed the game it was goooooood now i finished it i dont touch it anymore but still its worhit
76561198077601577,Recommended,233130,22813962,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Maffin,"Awesome combat game, its a mix between an intense shooter and hack n slash. The combat is really dynamic, every bullet and every swing with the blade has impact. It got a wide variety of weapons all with diffrent functions and upgrades. Combine that with a really quick paced fighting and great humor.  And for such a whimsical, almost silly shooter it got a very deep story line behind it.So if you like quick paced combat, bad puns, good single player games with great story, this game is for you.I'd pay full price for this... is it on sale? GO BUY IT, U WON'T REGRET IT!"
,Recommended,233130,7895000,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Jonesy,"I was expecting a Hard Reset-like romp n' stomp shooter. As soon as there was three talent trees for weapon upgrades, passive increases, magic abilities and a scoring system that scores your combat ability like a Bulletstorm with decent rewards, this became something else."
,Recommended,233130,8213699,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,DigItJim,Great FPS-Slasher.PROS+Great Gameplay.+Good Melee battle system.+Nice variety of guns.+Epic Upgrade System.+Superb dialogs between main char and his partner.+Epic storyline.+Funny.+Lots of blood.+Great GFXCONSNONE at this time.Buy it. Play it. You won't regret it.
,Recommended,233130,33204664,Posted: 3 July,all,CapN,"Best $4 I have spent in a long time, and I once paid $5 for an old fashioned..."
,Recommended,233130,26056139,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,FF Hellcase.com Farmskins.com,"Just said ""I'm Wang""10/10 !"
,Recommended,233130,25338197,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,vNoblesse,"> Runs game> chooses highest difficulty> meets the demons> changes difficulty to normal> kills and bloods everywhere> goes to china town to catch golem> slowly heads towards the forest> randomly kills anything within the path> triggers a psycho rabbit, went white to black 0-100> mistakes were made10/10 would not hurt rabbits any longer."
76561197984144314,Recommended,233130,24697379,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,silver 1 player,fun game
76561198080209148,Recommended,233130,22858084,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Ｎｏｔｒｉｓｋｙ,*sees random rabbit**hits rabbit with katana**summons cthulu's rabbit disciple from the bowels of hell**gets slain by flaming death metal demon rabbit*can't wait for Shadow Warrior 2.
,Recommended,233130,12814880,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Joey,"Really good first person Melee, other fps games should take note."
76561197963212159,Recommended,233130,12385386,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Eccentric Aeon,So funny it hurts sometimes.
,Recommended,233130,31071998,Posted: 10 April,all,Annie May's Tiddies,"MESS WITH THE BULL, YOU GET THE WANG.This game plays a lot like Doom 2016 does, in the sense that you're a one man army ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ over an endless horde of demons, except you have dope♥♥♥♥♥magic powers.Like to slaughter things? Buy this.Liked DOOM 2016? Buy this.Like snarky, poty-mouthed protags? Buy this.It's fun man, try it out."
76561198062554342,Recommended,233130,22816245,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Janusz korwin-Mikke,totally awesome!! it deserves every penny of its price
76561198042370821,Not Recommended,233130,33237254,Posted: 4 July,all,[420] UnicornsRock,"The graphics and the action are good, but the main story plot is just so boring I really have no desire to finish it. As the trailer would suggest, this game depends on it's 99% action to make it good.The comedy portion of it, eh Dave Chappelle Show is still way funnier sorry. Diversify your bonds! Wu-Tang!Not compelling enough to buy the second installment of this game."
,Recommended,233130,33680351,Posted: 20 July,all,R-B-A [BFTUK],Great game! For me 10/10!
,Recommended,233130,23811224,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,TRI505,"Shadow Warrior really suprised me with just how great of a game it really is.It's an FPS with a sword fighting mechanic that has been polished up with several abilities that really make it shine. Every big hit you land, and every enemy you shred with your katana feels so satisfying.Along with the sword fighting, you have several ranged weapons as well. Most of the guns have a very visceral and satisfying punch to them, and they have their uses and come in handy when you're frantically trying to take out a hoard of enemies, or just that one tough enemy. Landing a head shot on the tougher enemies with the charged shot of the crossbow felt so damn good.To accent all of fast paced combat is, my favorite addition to the game, a great dash/dodge system. The dash you have is quick to get where you are and works in every sitiuation, from avoiding combat to running head first into it. It just feels great to use and is the cherry on top of how satisfying the rest of the action is in the game.All in all you have a very solid FPS with a great sword fighting aspect to it and a top notch dash mechanic.I can't recommend this game enough if you're a fan of frantic, bloody first person action.The only qualm I really have with the game is that the writing is pretty lame at times. And, while I love dumb stories with dumb writing, some of the writing is a little too dumb for me, but all of that is pretty easily overlooked when you diving head first into a hoard of demons."
76561198119753073,Recommended,233130,23772649,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Richter,"Please do yourself a favor and buy this game right now. Even moreso if it's on sale for 90% off. Best $4.40 I have ever spent in my life.On steam I've played this game 15 hours but I also have it for the PS4, so it's more like 20-30 hours; in total I've done about 3-4 playthroughs of the game on different difficulty levels.I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game and can't wait for Shadow Warrior 2"
,Recommended,233130,23791771,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,The Guest,8/10
,Recommended,233130,23756707,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,CigBex,"leveling system great, story great, gameplay awsome, gore satisfying i couldnt recomend this game more than ever to anyone looking for a fun game"
,Recommended,233130,8106066,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,"Dosbilliam, Boring But Practical","Some of the weapons could be better, even with the upgrades, but if you enjoyed Serious Sam or Painkiller, this game needs to be in your library yesterday."
,Recommended,233130,33908531,Posted: 30 July,all,Mallikeet,"Shadow Warrior is an amazing game that excels in pretty much every regard. However, I wish to talk about a specific part that makes it stand out above most other games released nowadays, for you will be able to see info of its other fantastic elements in other reviews.One area where Shadow Warrior excels is in its graphical department, but in a way that few do. Typically, graphical fidelity seems to become a triangle of Optimization, Detail, and Artistry, and in the case of most modern games, whether Indie or AAA, pick 1 (or even none). Shadow Warrior is one of the very rare cases of a game which excels in all 3 areas. The engine it uses has some of the most amazing optimization I have ever seen in any game, running at a smooth 60 at high resolutions with even lesser hardware than the top end today, and completely free of any stuttering whatsoever, a feat that not even any Source or Unreal game that comes to mind of the past 10 years can boast. The graphics are beautifully detailed, crafting a world that is wholly immersive and provides a sense of suspension of disbelief that even games with higher polygon counts and texture dimensions struggle to do, and though it is not the most photorealistic of games that aim for it partly due to its age, it certainly does well regardless without having to resort to alternative art styles. Most importantly of all, Shadow Warrior features absolutely gorgeous art direction, with strong uses of color throughout, gorgeous locales that both encourage exploration and provide even a sense of wonder at times, truly taking you in to its world.In the age of poorly optimized PC ports that stutter and crash and drop their framerates seemingly inexplicably no matter what you do to fix it, and/or look real but otherwise uninteresting and uninspired, come check out Shadow Warrior for one of the rare example of how good visuals can be done RIGHT.Of course, it excels in the other areas of gun and swordplay, exploration, sound design, etc. But I think everybody else giving a positive review has summed those up quite well!It is a magnificent single player experience that does not try to squeeze in multiplayer where it is unnecessary and does not try to squeeze in ridiculous microtransactions or even DLC. It goes on sale very frequently.Rating: 9.5/10Verdict: BUY IT! It goes on sale quite frequently both on Steam and on bundle sites."
,Recommended,233130,17945359,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Marcus Antonius,"I definitely have more than 1.8 hours logged in this game. I definitely put a lot of time into it.It seems like every few years, a game with a rather hilarious and egotistic protagonist goes on to defeat waves of monsters for no particular reason. This is one of those games, although there is some reason involved with it. If you have played and enjoy games like Serious Sam, Duke Nukem, Doom and Rise of the Triad, then this game is for you.You take the role of a character named Lo Wang who is contracted to pick up an ""old sword"". The game evolves into quite a fun surprise and the levels are nicely detailed with rich visuals. The controls are nice, such as the combo attacks. You can be a badass with just the katana you carry, or you can be a badass with guns too. While this game may seem to be quite linear, it is exceptionally a good linear shooter. The humor in the game just puts the icing on the cake; with very funny words from the protagonist and other characters you involve yourself with.You essentially do nothing but slaughter everything in your path, and the game does hard effort into splashing viscera when you wield something as significantly sharp as a Katana.8/10Pros:+ Thrilling and nicely paced Shooter/Slasher.+ Beautiful level design and details.+ Follows the traditional FPS, more fighting less bull.+ The humor hits in many moments, even important ones.+ Lots of secrets and ways to tackle fights.+ Excellent Multi-Monitor support.Cons:- No Coop.- No mod support."
76561198090188744,Recommended,233130,20062829,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Pew Spew Pew,"Too cheap on sale, grab it!+ It is so old-school i can almost see the pixels+ best melee ever+ Wang is young, nerdy and lovable+ nice story and design- not so powerful guns"
76561198021757575,Recommended,233130,8405849,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Incipit Satan,CONFUCIOUS SAY MUST BUY RREL GOOD..RRELLY MUST OWN..CONFUCIOUS ALSO SAY..MAN WHO BOUNCES ON BED SPRING THIS SPRINGWILL HAVE OFFSPRING NEXT SPRING!!!> <O  ....!!!!!!
,Recommended,233130,23769258,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Tomownu21,"""mess with the ball you get the wang""he is like a asian deadpool what else would you want..."
,Recommended,233130,23809046,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,kulomascovia,is a cool game
,Recommended,233130,17673343,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Dont worry I have kit,Low Wang is Better than your Wank10/10 would ride Low Wang Fairlady Z
,Recommended,233130,21145653,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,msd,Old-school shooter with gorgeous graphics and Linux support.
,Recommended,233130,25103254,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,tomzorz,"An awesome old-school shooter, with a surprisingly amazing story / art. Not to mention the witty one-liners."
,Recommended,233130,25373871,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,CDL|red::frostay,"The marketing department of Devolver Digital or whoever was responsible for wrangling STAN F@$% BUSH into the promotional materials got to me.I don't care what kind of game this is; anything that makes an obscure reference to 1986's Transformers: The Movie has my money.That aside, this is a fun little shooter in the classic 90's mold. No cover system, no over the shoulder 3rd person. Balls out, guns blaxing, sword slashing action.Special techniques using Ki for attack and defense add some depth to the combat, and of course a progression system to upgrade said techniques. You can also upgrade weapons with cash.I'm on my 2nd playthrough, which allows you to carry forward all upgrades obtained from the last playthrough.Decent enough story, and loved the banter between Lo Wang and Hoji. There should have been more of it, though.Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,233130,17671425,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Galactimo,"Awesome story, even more awesome gameplay,if you want a old school fps which is just fun, pick this up."
76561198141641846,Recommended,233130,19140299,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,[RO] J O R J E,"It's a very nice and addictive game,  love it!"
,Recommended,233130,20666623,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Rowsdower,"Shadow Warrior is a game you should buy. Its story is surprisingly excellent and the gameplay is excellent as well.Story:I say the story is surprisingly excellent because the original Shadow Warrior had an awful story and the dialogue was mostly dumb middle school sex jokes. This game's story is unique (at least to me) and at the end you might shed a tear or two. While Hoji at first seems like the comic relief character it is later revealed that he is more involved in the events of the game than you think.Gameplay:I played this game on Hard so the effectiveness of the weapons is based on hard mode.This is a hack and slash / FPS game. Your sword is incredibly useful and you can perform Ki moves with it like a thrust, a spin attack and a sword beam attack. You can also use Ki to create a shield, a net to float enemies, and an energy attack. While the sword moves are useful the latter is not. I fully upgraded the net and it doesn't last long enough for you to do any significant damage that you could've done without charging it up. The shield is OK but you can already regenerate your health and it doesn't allow you to use Ki moves with your sword or certain special modes of your guns (anything that requires the RMB). The shield at least might be more useful in insane mode. You can purchase new modes for your gun like sticky bombs for your crossbow, a firing mode for your revolver and more. I would like to say that your shotgun is super weak. It does barley any damage against bigger enemies in Hard and it has a long reload time. A shielded enemy needed 3 firestorm attacks (both barrels) to die so even with the quad pack I would still have to reload. Here is a tip: In the luck section buy the richman I and richman II at the start of the game. Later on it gets more difficult to obtain Karma Points and without Richman the game will be less fun since you will never make enough to get the gun upgrades you want.The gameplay works like Fear. You walk forward, fight enemies and if you stray from the path you might find a secret with money or karma. You have regenerating health but you have to activate it by double tapping the D key and holding RMB. Doing this in the middle of combat is very intense. In combat while you do your Ki moves you can still use your guns and sword and even reload the former. So the combat involves alot of multitasking and hectic shooting and slashing.While some of the weapons and moves are useless to me they might be useful to others. Either way I had a fun time with this game and was surprised that the story was really good. In the game credits they place the credits of the original game despite only sharing its premise. This is a completely original game and you should definitely check it out."
76561198026894557,Recommended,233130,21491299,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Demeris,"Excellent reboot of the game. All the vulgarity, lude humor, and glorious violence I came to love from the origional with way better graphics and much greater story then I expected. GG."
76561198073648603,Recommended,233130,18970061,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,[Daos]THA LUNATIC!,"nice game, though i would have liked to play the second version from 2015!"
,Recommended,233130,21247762,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Dick Kickem,"The game is awesome, problem is: even with all settings on the lowest possible and palying only on 720p and even a bit lower, it runs on my pc with about only 20-40 fps. Since my PC isn't all that bad, I'd say that it definetely has some performance problems."
,Recommended,233130,21294050,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,י♪ Ron ר ★,"I recommend Shadow Warrior if you want to play a strong ninja-like cocky protagonist and have a somewhat fun single player versus the AI experience.Even though I recommend this game to everyone who enjoys action and FPS games, this game has it's fair shares of flaws which I will mention now in an attempt for the devs to learn from this constructive evaluation and improve it in their next game!Cons1) Get-up animation when you have fallen a certain distance is very slow and un-ninja like.2) We should be able to equip our best 4 weapons after a certain point in the game before the mission starts :) good idea? I know thanks. Instead of scrolling through them or key stroking all the way to the 9 key.3) Long level load times. This needs to be cut by at least half time.4) While secrets are cool, it eventually occupies half (or more) of your mission time looking for them, only to find out that you miss some secrets nearly every mission which can be frustrating for most players..5) Falling a short distance onto a walkable surface can easily kill you or at least damage you which is bad game design for a ninja warrior game and also bad programming. (this is especially true when you shadow dash on a staircase)6) It's good to save in this game frequently but menu transition time while in game is very laggy.7) The default zoom button is an awkward key to use for aiming. (I use CRTL)8) The Pistol and Shurikens are pretty much useless throughout the game. Make them stronger and implement the shurikens with a capacity.9) Chapter 15 is a joke. Horrible and slow cut scenes and no killing..10) Cutscenes are mostly awkward and slow. Make them more exciting!Thank you for reading my review and rate it up or comment if you agree with it."
76561198020316503,Recommended,233130,21260435,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Ryu,Best game of the last 5 years would play first person ninja gaiden again 10/10
76561198042445257,Recommended,233130,28093615,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ericools,"Whacky swords, guns, demons..."
,Recommended,233130,28238572,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Dr. Shrugs,"A few good jokes, lots of bad ones."
76561198110463727,Recommended,233130,29131192,Posted: 8 January,all,Orgith,"this game was soo good. ive never played the original, but this was such a good remake and the sprite easter eggs were just awesome. im so glad i played this game"
,Recommended,233130,19906254,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Dailenth,Choppin' dudes on bits again on a world made out of nitroglycerine.
,Recommended,233130,29511813,Posted: 26 January,all,Eduuuh.idk,"Fatiou, passou."
76561198045785560,Recommended,233130,13977675,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,brandpower10,Hilarious and dumb fun!
,Recommended,233130,14262705,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Petar,Pretty good.
76561198001505069,Not Recommended,233130,22971805,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Bob Frenchman,"I'll keep this short. I've had the same issue as everyone else: starts off strong, then gets old very quickly after 4-5 chapters. Barely anything never, ever. The scenery goes from very nice and inspired to corridor after corridor of gray and orange. Later weapons are almost entirely worthless except for the ridiculous amount of damage they're dealing, but are otherwise way too slow and clunky.Cliche yet somehow convoluted story, poor pacing and lazy level design especially near the end, and literally nothing new at all for the last 1/3 of the game or so, either in terms of enemy, weapon, gameplay element, or anything.It feels like the devs started off confident and pumped about this, then grew very tired and lazy about halfway through, copy-pasting the same stuff over and over until they had dragged things on long enough so that people wouldn't complain about the short length of the game.I still don't get how this game scored so strong. My guess is it was probably from people who only played for the first hour or so and assumed the rest of the game was just as good and rated it with the intent of finishing it later, but never did."
76561198008160341,Recommended,233130,31855047,Posted: 20 May,all,Kilaz,great game very fun good jokes awesome combat
,Recommended,233130,31868238,Posted: 20 May,all,TRODOSSS,Awesome game! Recommend it!
,Recommended,233130,13510348,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Robot Nixon,I use sword to cut things in half. 10/10
76561197986042256,Recommended,233130,19014478,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,HillaryForPrison2017,Amazing game
,Recommended,233130,18836971,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,FrostIX,One of the best FPS I've ever played. Addictive.
,Recommended,233130,19004285,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Danners35,This is the only game which gives me the confidence to say that I love Wang
,Recommended,233130,19149578,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Ruze,10/10would slice some mothe♥♥♥♥ers again-IGN
76561198054260279,Recommended,233130,18830319,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Bebopdebop,Fun as ♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,233130,18905996,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Loli Hunter,play this game and u will be known as 2 million dollar
,Recommended,233130,18922146,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Aerie,"Shadow Warrior. What a title but a well earned one for this AMAZING game, this game will make you want to play it again, and again maybe one more time. The explosions, swords, guns, and of course, demons make this game one of the best I have played. Once you have played this game and experienced the amazing gameplay, combat, and comedic aspects you'll be a member of the Wang clan. I highly suggest this game to those who like games, and fun because that is the definition of this game. I have yet to even finish this game, and I can't wait to get back into the action. It is worth the price even if it is  'dated'."
,Recommended,233130,18996224,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Solus,"♥♥♥♥ing amazing! Excellent graphics, excellent gameplay, excellent overall! Just try it..."
76561197972903396,Recommended,233130,19101240,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Tom00Deluxe,Shadow Warrior has achieved exactly what it set out to do.  Revamp an old 90's 'classic' and make it better!  This game is immensely fun with awesome sword and gun play that is easy to get to grips with it also boasts a great story.  The interactions between Hoji and Lo Wang are just outrageously funny.  Well recommend this one.
76561198028183842,Recommended,233130,18897914,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,cidian,"Before you do anything, turn up the difficulty and increase your FOV. I haven't had this much fun and tension in a while! Or played a game with such satisfying melee mechanics. Each chapter is a good 30 minute chunk, just the thing I need for quick katana slicing sessions.At higher difficulties you need to use tactics and deal with the different enemies you get, so there is definitely some depth to it. The humor is alright and the graphics look great together with a world design refreshingly different, although the gore is almost comic.I'm very glad I picked up this game and I hope that more developers are taking note of its success."
,Recommended,233130,18972964,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Gяubsi,
76561198042726631,Recommended,233130,18899103,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Eelwithit,Aweome FPS with good use of Japanese history and humor mixed in.
,Recommended,233130,19071376,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,MegaMoth,So good for those that just like slicing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ demonsVery oldschool
,Recommended,233130,18987876,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,chaosnipples,10/10 would Wang
,Recommended,233130,18850999,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Bob Brando,Funny and very fun to play. If you are looking for an action shooter this is for you. Would I lie?
76561197960791606,Recommended,233130,18914991,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,NWO is 666,Grade = 90%
,Recommended,233130,18839528,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Corax,Kick♥♥♥♥♥game :D!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198254721507,Recommended,233130,18841124,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,ezoe,"Yes. This game was made by true game developers from former People Can Fly(which developed Painkiller).Although I totally recommend playing this game, I have several minor complaints for this game.1. Non-melee weapons aren't fun to use.There are:Pistol, which is weak and frustratingly slow fire rate so not worth using.SMG, it works, but boring.Crossbow, you only need this when some enemies stuck sy the wall.Shutgun, frustratingly low magazine size.Flamethrower, I forgot the very existence of this weapon because it's boring.Rocket Luncher, It works like any other cheap third person shooters for kids. Very boring.All guns require reloading. Reloading animations are pretty fast so why do they bother to implement it?I prefer no reloading for this kind of game.2. Enemy stuck at the wall.You advance the area by killing all enemies.But some enemies spawn at the upper ground sometimes stuck at the wall and won't come down to fight you.Sometimes, it can be killed by boring ranged shots, but they stuck behind the wall so you can't kill if you were unlucky.You have to load previous save to fix this bug.3. Confusing map design.Map is linear but some objectives requires you to search the area for interactive things to continue(doors, keys, breakable stones, corpses, etc).Sometimes, It's hard to find the interactive things.Once you failed to notice the interactive things in one spot of the area, you'll assume that area has been already searched and miss the tiny green glowing interactive objects.4. Fall damageThere is a fall damage in this game.I died many times thinking i can jump down the seemingly low platform but Noooo, the game is very unforgiving for falling down for otherwise almost invincible hero.5. Sprinting requires stamina drainIt's just annoying and totally unnecessary.I wish steam has a option for ""barely acceptable"""
76561198018911719,Recommended,233130,18852533,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,King Kahuka,"One of the best FPS games I have ever played, I really like that old school shooting style and Shadow Warrior 2013 has kept that and is definitely a nice reimagining of the original Shadow Warrior series. Lo Wang is a badass with humor and I'm glad that Shadow Warrior 2 is keeping the same style as this one but with a lot more open spaces and additions. If Shadow Warrior 2 is successful I want to see 3D Realms make a Blood remake as well!"
,Recommended,233130,18922641,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,katamari damacy,"Demons coming for me from all directions, and then there are rabbits doing the do a few feet away. 10/10"
,Recommended,233130,18952718,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,dk_dunkirk,"Instant classic. Been PC gaming for 20+ years. This immediately makes my list of top-5 FPS's. I put it right beside No One Lives Forever. Yes, I think it's that good."
76561198019527725,Recommended,233130,18997216,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Phantom Renegade,This is the most fun game iv played in a while!!
,Recommended,233130,14210169,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a First person action game.Interface/Menu/SettingsThere are different languages available.You are able to toggle subtitles.You are able to toggle checkpoints.You are able to toggle hints.Different katana style (Only for cosmetic purposes).There are some different screen resolutions available.There is a global volume slidebar available and % Based.There is a voice volume slidebar available and % Based.There is a music volume slidebar available and % Based.You are able to play the game with a controller.You are able to change the controls on the keyboard.There is a difficulty level available.About the game.Lo-Wang strikes back in this new first person action game. With his katana on his side he will slash and rip enemies apart. You also have guns, some power and even the ability to heal yourself. There are still medkits and armor scattered around. You can use the sprint button to perform different attacks but sprinting will consume stamina. You can also find cash which you could spend to upgrade your weapons. Enemies usually spawn in some ""arena"" mode. Monsters will get enraged after awhile and will have a different look. They will do more damage during this period.You are able to skip cutscenes.Good Story.Good Graphics.Great Scenery.Good GameplayThere are secrets.Contains gore.Abilities.Upgrades and Skill Progression.You are able to sprint and there is a stamina bar.Other things.May run Laggy on weaker machines as the graphic detail performance is pretty decent/high even if you have put everything on low.-------------------I Give this game a 8/10"
76561198070954168,Recommended,233130,16952117,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Biodeamon,If Bulletstorm and DOOM went on a honeymoon to china this would be the bloadstained postcard they'd send you
,Recommended,233130,8415329,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Golem,GOTY 2013.Haven't had this much fun playing a melee-FPS since Dark Messiah. Only thing missing is a co-op mode for survival.
,Recommended,233130,24768226,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,(►.◄)Himoto≧❂◡❂≦,Cut deamons with your sword it's nice :D10/10
,Recommended,233130,7334936,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,Elenoe,"Excellent fast paced shooter (Painkiller, Serious Sam) with outstanding katana mechanics. Many moves, many combos and powers, many enemy parts to take aside. Much better level design then Hard Reset (same developer), excellent and detailed graphics (now with exteriors), fun notes and overall well done game. A bit different gameplay then old Shadow Warrior but much better succesor then DNF or A:CM."
76561198036069289,Recommended,233130,22817639,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,[SSU]bladenova23,"If you are asking yourself ""will it blow up if I shoot it?"": Yes. Yes it will."
76561198203011350,Recommended,233130,22787564,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,thatone1992,YOU GOT THE TOUCH!!!! YOU GOT THE POWER!!!! WHEN ALL HELL'S BREAKIN' LOOSE YOU'LL BE RISING THE EYE OF THE STORM!!!!!!
,Recommended,233130,22842907,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Jeek,9/11 wangs
,Recommended,233130,23011193,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,[BWC] Phalanx,"Messed with the bull, got the Wang.11/10, would touch Wang again."
,Recommended,233130,22523391,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,мєηα~,I can finaly pretend to be a wise sword/gun swinging asian.I aprove~
,Recommended,233130,31840012,Posted: 19 May,all,KamenAkuma,"Really fun to play, sort of feel like Wolfenstien The New Order or DOOM 2016. The game has an amazing trailer and the graphics are fantastic."
,Recommended,233130,8403843,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Skooma Steve ♂ Cyber-Bully,"The best single player FPS I've played in many years.The humor is crude, the gore is excessive, and the pacing keeps you playing for hours."
,Not Recommended,233130,23085250,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,E ϟ T L A N D,The more I play the less I like it.
,Recommended,233130,25257763,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Melgacius,"1- GENERALShadow Warrior is a FPS made with that great 90s style. Lo Wang, the main character, starts the game trying to get a sword to his employer, Zilla, and after that he spends most of the game fighting demons with the help of a banned demon named Hoji. The plot is not the best I've seen, but is very good, and the acting is even better. I admit I spend the entire game looking for a twist, but the story is very straightforward, and after any chapter we want to play the next one just to discover another bit of it. Thumbs up.The story mode is the main thing in the game. It took me about 14h to go through, and I've enjoyed every single bit.2- GAMEPLAYThe game plays great. I have some issues with the controls, but just because I'm not very skilled and I do not like when I have button combinations to trigger a move.The swordplay is great, and I was always trying to use it just for the fun, despite having a lot of weapons that could make my life a bit easier. Being able to carry all weapons we can find was great, and the chance to upgrade them even better. It's funny that the sword destroys almost everything bt is not able to go through bambu. There're strong bambu in Japan.We have 3 independent skill trees to unlock and upgrade abilities, but we never feel overpowered. New opponents are always a bit stronger or annoying than the previous one, and the new abilities are always welcome and needed.The levels are long and kinda labirintish. We have no map, and sometimes we feel a bit lost. That's normal, and you always find the way out. Normally is the blinking door. There are a lot of secrets to find, and that gives you some replay ability. The fortune cookies where a lot of fun, and I was always looking for a new one, just to have a laugh reading them.When a enemy locks on us the music always changes. It's nice to set the mood, but is always a warning to when we have enemies, since after we kill any horde, the music goes back to normal. I rather prefer to have to look for the enemies and be surprised when I see them.There are some recycled sets, but there is no problem. The references to Serious Sam are obvious, and the gameplay and artstyle are very similar.3- CONCLUSIONThis game is now at 34,99€ at Steam, and I would not pay that price for the game. I've bought it in a sale for under 5€, and for that price you have to try it.Oooh, just the demon rabbits alone worth the 5€ tag.https://youtu.be/b-dy5oo0UcU"
76561198005861140,Not Recommended,233130,34449541,Posted: 23 August,all,The sticky bandit,"Pros:""fun"" shooting and stuffhas a sense of humor...there's a storyGood value on saleconsshooting and stuff is literally the game, which can be considered a pro I supposesense of humor wears thin very quickly, especially when the SAME JOKES are told every time you use an ability after loading a game. Also, the jokes aren't funny.I couldn't get past 10 hours because it kept crashing and loading on the wrong monitordon't take my word for it, i didn't get past 10 hours, but believe me when I say those almost 10 hours were not enjoyed."
76561197962066184,Recommended,233130,12191716,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Hawk,"14 hours worth of game time so far after beating the game on normal and this has been one of the best games that I have played in a long time, I really do hope to see more from Flying Wild Hog.  The style, the sound track, the player movement, story, characters, VOs, combat, upgrade and RPG elements of the game and more combine to create one of the best FPS games that have come out in years.  A good story driven by a comic book, still picture images as well as the in game narrative which was good all the way to the end credits, a sad but good ending.  Honestly the only times that I didn’t have fun was when I died trying to get into some secret areas that were across water, pro tip the by way, Lo Wang is hydrophobic in this one soooo look for alternate paths if you’re hunting for secrets, that and the last mini-boss fight, man infuriating, but doable.The game environment is very lush and varied; there are certainly colors in this game rather then generic brown or muddy colors and textures.  At times you might have too much stuff flying around, artifacts, effects and so on floating around which may distract you, however all enemies pop out and are very well contrasted between them and the background.The sword and combat system are just so sweet I really didn’t think I would like it this much as I’m more of a gun kind of guy I surprised myself by favoring the sword over firearms, most of the time anyway.  However that’s this games major claim, the rpg element to this game is very well done allowing you to choose what your style of combat, whether it’s aggressive, defensive, healing, loot, or range, the skill trees are well done in that respect as well.  The gore is so sweet, dismemberment is fairly accurate and satisfying as are the special Ki moves that you gain and use.  That is one problem I had with the button combination system in this game, in later harder levels you will be hard pressed to do the button combos while in direct combat with mini bosses plus hordes bitting at your heels, I found that sometimes the system would not register my frantic button pushing for regeneration and I would just continue trying to dodge fire while attempting to problem solve.  Another problem that this game currently has is the weapon damange, even with full upgrades you will be hard pressed to rely on anything BUT your sword, everything short of the rocket launcher is needlessly weak.  This can cause problem in the higher difficulty settings since most enemies have higher hit points then they do in say easy or normal.  There are some points in this game that scream bad design, a few mini boss fights, some enemy units and the second to last large fight are just a few that make me wonder what the developers were even thinking.  With the added bonus of the Special Edition I still have 2 other melee weapons to choose from and as I understand this game one beaten has an extra mode where you keep your level and powers and continue on.  You probably will not get all of your skills and powers leveled up to the max on the first run, if you have a loot and secret guide you may but I like it, making going through the game on another run, possibly on a harder difficulty palatable and possible to me.The sound track was very good as it sets the pace well for each fight and calm moments, I rather liked it.Honestly I’d say buy this game when you can, either on sale or full price because right now, it was well worth the money and only later did I start to get more used to the combo system, I’m pretty sure on my second play through I’ll enjoy it just as much or even more.  I would say support Flying Wild Hog, as for me, they have earned it."
76561198053441162,Recommended,233130,23810587,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,joshuasmandych,♥♥♥♥ing awesome
,Recommended,233130,23754520,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Deathrose47,This is basically Doom with swords and humor. 10/10 on the Wang O'meter
,Recommended,233130,7997652,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,^;..;^ | ViralOmega,"Im very picky when it comes to FPS games. Console focus titles like BF4, AssCreed, CoD, and all the other shallow franchises bore the hell out of me. They're made for casuals and idiots on console because therye are the easy money these days. So my high praise for this game, written below, should be an indicator of how good this game is.This is the most enjoyable FPS ive played in a loooooong time(Hard Reset comes in close second in recent years, also made by this dev). Partly what made it so refreshingly is the fact that this is a PC dev making PC games for PC gamers(being a PC version of a game is not the same. BF3, BF4, AssCreed, etc are all console focus titles aint idiots and their slower controls and audience) and its controls. This game's graphics is practically art. Theyve used textures, colored lighting, and post processing effects to make some truly beautiful and realistic levels. Their dedication to really good art also translates into the story cinematics that slowly unfold the backstory. It very much reminds me of Witcher 2. This game is very fast paced if you want it to be.  Its got plenty of weapons(each with a secondary fire), various powers and katana maneuvers, a lot of upgrades in 3 different categories(skills, powers, and weapons). Combat can go either way or a mix of both. You can either go heavy into automatic weapon use or just katana as its a very viable option for almost EVERY fight. The voice acting is very top-notch and hilariously witty at times. Shallow console focus publishers and developers can learn a lot from this dev. Theyve blended old and new game designs in a very awesome way."
,Recommended,233130,24526885,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Desaix,"Shadow Warrior is a double-edged sword eh.. catana. It has good humour and shows potential, but then again, it's also way too repetitive.+ Handling a catana is fun and very complex if you know how it works+ Great humour.+ looks great+ A lot of weapons to choose from+ Skill tree- You are constantly confronted with masses of the same enemy types over and over and over again.- The puzzles are almost always the same: Destroy the blue, red and green magic statues to continue.- In the game, you are searching  for a catana that is very powerful. BUT, you can only use it for approximately 2 minutes, which is anti-climatic at best.- You can't block with your catana.- NO STEALTH mechanics, which increases the degree of repetitive gameplay.This game is great while it's fun, but the developpers need more creativity. They could have added a driving mission, different mission objectives, more enemy types or stealth missions/mechanics.I'd recommend buying this game if it's on sale, but don't feel bad when you are not going to finish the game when it has stopped being fun later on.Replay value: AverageRating:7.5/10Recommendation: Yes"
,Recommended,233130,9629335,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,[DeNo] The Wicked Viking,"Very neat, took me by surprise! Very detailed and awsome voice acting!"
,Recommended,233130,32511541,Posted: 17 June,all,King Bradley,"I used to be a demon, then I took a Wang in the knee"
,Recommended,233130,15149014,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Lord EDOX,"This game came as a total surprise. I was not expecting such a visually entertaining game when I heard about this remake. I played the original back in the Duke Nukem 3D days and loved it. This is one of the best re-mastered classic games ever. Very detailed monster creation, self-depreciating humor and tons of action make this one a game worth playing at least once if not twice. Definitely a must play game. If you like action, you will love this game."
,Recommended,233130,14149095,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Viking Mana,"Minor gameplay spoilers, but no story spoilers.Now, let's just start with the actualy story: It's good. It's fine, fun and does the job. It's not particularly unique, but the characters are good if you're into 'old school' gaming humor.As for the gameplay - I played through this game on Hard for my first playthrough, and in hindsight I shouldn't have. It's not that it's particularly 'hard' even, it's simply that some sections are more tedious and frustrating than they have to be. The game is brilliant at what it does, until the last third of the game where 'what it does' suddenly shifts from FPS with great Melee combat becomes a Katana-simulator.The Katana that everyone are so hyped about in this game is good, but if you're playing on Hard or above, you end up having no choice but using it for just about everything. The guns simply can't keep up with it, and trying to use them turns into a massive hindrance.Minor spoiler: The last 'real' enemy encounter you get into features 5 minibosses at once, and several other segments feature at least 2, but often 3 too. These segments really soured the experience for me because of how bad they feel to play out. The fights are stressful and panicky rather than fun - It turns into a mess of running from cover to cover to heal, or scavenging for health-packs like a madman, while being chased by enemies that.. Sometimes feel a bit broken.I would definitely recommend this game, but it didn't live up to the hype for me.7/10 - Would replay if the guns were patched."
,Recommended,233130,15331085,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Zaxx,"This is such an amazing game! The level of quality really took me by surprise, I actually ended up liking this better than the original. I did not think that could be possible but this game delivered with superb combat and movement mechanics, great and varied shooting, a surprisingly good story and level design that mixes the ""old school"" Duke 3D / Shadow Warrior 97' style exploration and  secret hunting with Painkiller style arena shooting / slashing excellently.On top of all that the new DirectX 11 / 64 bit version performs and looks great, Lo Wang is a cool, funny dude with actual character development and the art style is just beautiful with a very high attention to detail. I haven't seen a game this colourful since No One Lives Forever 2! I especially loved the destructible environment, you can blow a lot of stuff up to dispose of enemies easier and the particle effects make every explosion look like it's the armageddon on your screen.This is exactly the game Duke Nukem Forever should have been: a modern reimagination of a classic with a heart that's old school in every single meaning of the word. I'm usually highly critical when it comes to certain genres like FPS but this stuff absolutely blew me away.A solid 10 out of 10 in my book!"
,Recommended,233130,9485577,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Mr. Shakedown,Murdering demons hasn't been this fun since Devil May Cry.
76561198035283988,Recommended,233130,9803304,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,morteza56,SOMEONE HAS SAVE GAME FOR SHADOW WARRIOR ?I GOT STUCK IN CHAPTER 9 AND CAN'T PASS TO NEXT LEVEL.
,Recommended,233130,19743900,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,name,"Definitely a good game. Very recommended, and the Nobitsura Kage is complete beast! Would love to see an update for the finished players to replay the campaign with it on EX mode :)"
,Recommended,233130,21889115,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Ali G | SOA Scotland President,"not sure about the story of this but you get a arsenal of guns from a katana to dual machine guns and crossbows, you kill demons that im not sure where they come from, perhaps the♥♥♥♥♥♥of the underworld and you also have a guide dude who appears in clipscenes, there is fifteen chapters and a shiton of enemy types that can kill you from the demons to a rabbit that killed me (That was my first death lol) anyway this is a great game and if you happen to be reading this i suggest you buy it NOW!(Also you could get the classic version for free, just expect graphics from 1997)"
,Not Recommended,233130,23260728,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,"aye aye captain, oooooooh","I have played about 5 hours of this game and the last couple of hours felt like an eternity. You start of interested and engaged. The swordplay is something I have never seen before and the first couple of hours you get some nice story bits and you progress quickly in terms of new weapons, getting new skills and seeing new enemies. But after a couple of chapters you go through a corridor enter a big room and see the same enemies. Then you walk through the next corridor and enter a big area with the same enemies. I was getting 1 or 2 funny lines from Wang for every 100 boring enemies I had to kill. I played shooters like Wolfenstein the New Order where I forgot what I was doing, because the story was so interesting. Here you walk through rooms to get to the next enemies and I have no motivation to finish this game.P.S. thats just my opinion. If you can make your own fun with pretty flashy, repetitive combat then buy it I guess. I got it on steam sale and its fine for the couple of hours I played."
,Recommended,233130,23796687,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,proffsesional shitposter,My favorite game ever.
76561198023112042,Recommended,233130,24324540,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,gunnrunnr,Wow this game is superb FPS. Great replay value. want more
,Recommended,233130,23832681,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,☩ KruziikDova ⛧ XAVLEG,"Saw anime babes taking a shower.Saw the psycho black metal rabbit using Pikachu's skills.Saw posters and arcade games referring to Serious Sam, Hard Reset, Hotline Miami, etc.Rate it 10/10. Worth it. Go, buy it.JUST DON'T TOUCH THE RABBITS!"
,Recommended,233130,10768829,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,lqkq,"Fun, oldsql FPS.Oh, and you can run through the entire game with a katana."
76561198006358385,Recommended,233130,15721482,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Singer Songwriter Geraldo Rivera,"""You want to watch Wang wash wang?""Yes, you do."
,Recommended,233130,33622213,Posted: 17 July,all,Water,"Smells like victory, tastes like victory... It must be Victor (the dude)!"
,Recommended,233130,7969216,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Branch Predictor™,"Hard Reset: Shadow Warrior. Loved ""Hard Reset""? You'll love new ""Shadow Warrior""!"
,Recommended,233130,13380626,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Major Dick Bong,"An old classic reimagined for a new generation. New weapons, new characters, new flashy sword moves, and noticeably less casual racism. Highly recommended for the white boy with yellow fever in all of us."
,Recommended,233130,21610116,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Jay-Z Denton,"+Nice graphics+Fun melee combat+Movement system+Plenty of enemies to kill+Varied environments-Katana is better than any other weapon in the game-As a result, all guns are bad, especially the shotgun. You shoot 4 barrels at the same time and it still feels like a baby's fart-Hit and miss humour-Level design which feels more like Serious Sam than SW-A bit too long, not enough unique game situations to justify the lengthStill recommended because it's a well made game that's worth playing despite the drawbacks"
76561198245509862,Recommended,233130,29386644,Posted: 20 January,all,KING MAX,A man wholived in Japanwith a Chinese nameand speaking English fluently
76561198039305661,Recommended,233130,17573402,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,gunsaremagic,you liked the classic and you want some more wang ? get it !
,Recommended,233130,7886962,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Ginger Baker,"This is a ton of fun if you like fast action, humour and just plain fun."
76561198163061412,Recommended,233130,22501489,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Natural Born Towel,Classic FPS
,Recommended,233130,29969792,Posted: 16 February,all,✅Phillip. [PCMR],"I received this game from a former steam friend. Probably the best steam gift I have receieved. The story is wonderful, there is slight comedy between the two main characters and the weapons  you receieve always kicks♥♥♥♥♥  The enemies you face vary from people to creatures, oh and rabbits will ♥♥♥♥ing kill you.  Some   of the hidden items in the gameare hilarious. Overall, it's worth getting if 40 USD is your wallet  but if not, recommend you wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,233130,24193776,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,FlamexEye,"Great game, just read other reviews, im 2 lazy to wriet one"
,Recommended,233130,19640689,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Sloth,"Incredible FPS, definitely what most developers should look at when developing a FPS, complete freedom in the levels (very similar to DOOM). Hilarious story, over the top violence, great gameplay. What's not to love?"
,Recommended,233130,13089144,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,DonGurke,Are you Wang enough for this game?! I doubt it.
,Recommended,233130,12794831,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Saint,I got to chop things up with a katana. Pretty sick.
,Recommended,233130,20421313,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Evie,Best simulator for the study of anatomy.10/10.
76561198086681115,Not Recommended,233130,33495854,Posted: 12 July,all,meanderandreturn,"I want to like this game, but in the end I can't recommend it. Every stage I spend at least 5 or 10 minutes running around searching for the exact spot to step to spawn the remaining enemies in a fight that will not let me proceed in the story until the fight is complete. For a game that is supposed to be fast paced, action oriented and combat centric, there was far too much blind searching for a small gold thing to click to proceed. The gameplay is sweet. The style is cool and the art is visually pleasing, but there are some design choices that are just aggravating ultimately left me♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and quitting this game in the middle of stage... 4? 3?Maybe Im impatient but having your quest indicator just say ""Find the golem... and some shadow thing"" for over two levels with no other indication of what you're doing.... nah. I'll pass on this one. Lots of people will enjoy this game, and they should, but Im gonna go play that Shadow Tactics game instead.6/10 over rice."
,Recommended,233130,7294286,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,Phoenix,"This is not your ordinary Wang.. er, game.  You play as a younger Lo Wang, drawn into a conflict between the human world and the ""shadow world"".  You start out with just your basic katana and shuriken, of which there's an infinite supply.  You'll receive other weapons in the game, such as an 8-shot revolver, sub-machinegun which can be wielded akimbo, a crossbow, and more.  The gunplay is excellent, but the real heart of this game is in the sword.  You have full control over the blade if you want, where your view and foot movements steer the blade slashes.  This is a sword game with guns in it, instead of a gun game with swords in it.  You'll definitely use both along the way, no mistake about it, and you have to master all weapons in order to survive.It starts out a bit slow, but after a few chapters there's no shortage of demons to slay.  Along the way you'll collect Ki crystals which give you dark powers, and karma points based on your combat style and finding certain items, which can enhance your skills, allowing you to do some amazing things with that sword.  In addition, there's money for upgrading your weapons.  Using combinations of skills, powers, and various weapons will grant you the most karma out of a fight.  There's no shortage of secrets, hidden items, and nods to the original Shadow Warrior.I can't recommend this game highly enough.  If you like plodding, ultra ""realistic"" 2-weapon only military-shooter wannabe games with regenerating health, then this is not that game.  If you like action games with no weapon carry limit, interesting enemies - including some huge bosses - and having just about everything in your environment able to explode and hurt enemies (and you), and you like dicing enemies to bits with a blade, then this is your game."
,Recommended,233130,13110307,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,kungee,Better than Half-Life 3.
,Recommended,233130,12213942,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,RealestTrashcan,senpai
,Recommended,233130,8256361,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,DOOMJESUS,it's good to have a game that you can just kick♥♥♥♥♥in single player but this one also has lush graphics.
,Recommended,233130,13114311,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Previously On Full House,WARBARLRAGRAL BUY SHADOW WARROR-President Obama Probably
,Recommended,233130,28671537,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,XxSwagnemitexX,best 4 $ iv ever spentyes or no will u buy this game CLICK YES
76561198010444751,Not Recommended,233130,20773586,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,ShwayShway,"This game is bad. No other way around it.Never played the old Shadow Warrior, and you don't need to. Hell, I'm sure the original was way better than this was.I like humor in my games just as everyone else does, but all the humor the game has to offer is in the first 10 minutes. From there out it's just dry and empty refrences, constantly trying to go ""Hey see, we made a joke about that one obscure thing!"" The shooting mechanics are as follows; click to win. Swordplay is the same way, but now you have to be absurdly close to even try to land a hit.It's not fun, pure and simple; I had even tried to put it on insanity mode just to bring some sort of challange, but was denied even that.The only real joke here is that they are wanting $40-50 for this game. I bought this in the winter sale (it was around $6 if memory serves me right), but even at a huge discount, its not worth it."
,Recommended,233130,7889625,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,shxxk,Best Gore Ever
,Recommended,233130,14189714,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Tidreit,The game is a great game if you enjoy swords and blood.
76561198056895180,Not Recommended,233130,21168121,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Mr Clean,"This game could have been amazingThe first 5 hours are where the game is at its best, the characters are funny in a cheese way and cleaverbut around the 6th hour the terrably implemented difficulty curve kicks inthey spam mini bosses with large amounts of health, and they spam these explosive mines that ruin the combat,But the worst of all was the rock monsters with one weak spot on there back that is never completly visable because they hunch over and they take at least 15 rockets in the weak spot to kill it was the most un interesting and lasy mini boss I have ever foughtBut...... after all that.............. I was so close to beating it............ when a bug permantly trapped me in a room becuase the button would work.........Buy this game on sale because the first 5 hour in my opinion where worth it for 4.99"
,Recommended,233130,23623390,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,NeuroSerpens,HOOOOJI! NOO!DON'T DIE HOOOOOOJI! NOOOOO!!!!!!!!*cries*
,Recommended,233130,34423006,Posted: 22 August,all,l0wBoB,"Excellent game, permanent free for a limited time.Somewhat comparable to Doom, but with more dismembering and in an oriental setting."
76561198119978955,Recommended,233130,20773017,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,EternalClimb,Awesome!
76561198077821715,Not Recommended,233130,19603246,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Magnalis,"Voice Acting: Jesse Eisenberg's Lex Luthor voice and Hal Rudnick? from Youtube's Screen Junkies had a lovechild and traumatised my ears. The game isn't bad and is quite entertaining, but I will make it a point to avoid any entertainment IPs and whatnot if the main audio is dominated by nasally high-pitched voices."
,Not Recommended,233130,22070171,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Robdoggierob,"I'm sure I will get a lot of heat for this being as this game has an ""Overwhelminly Positive"" review status.I did not enjoy this game to much.  It is quite mindless and has little to no story to drive me to finish it.Pros++All around pretty good graphics+ Lots of blood!+ Kind of funny.+ I can't even think of a fourth thing to add to the list of pros.Cons-- HORRIBLE character models.- Twitchy yet unresponsive controls- Lack of a good story- Main character is annoying as hell-  Most of the humor is that of a 12 year old.I will have to put in some more time with this game and see if it changes my opinion.  I highly doubt it.  But since every one else seems to love it I feel like I need to log in more hours."
,Not Recommended,233130,21374741,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,8bitfrenzy,"Core game is REALLY good, but the bosses are just terrible terrible enought for me to not recommend this game."
,Recommended,233130,22873293,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,✩ 3nlist ✩,Good game buy it. Everything is on low settings for me though cause im on a potato  mac :((
,Recommended,233130,7922291,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,RomireOnline,The best bloody game ever! Its Insane Awesome and Worth the money!
,Recommended,233130,34423960,Posted: 22 August,all,A Damn Fine Penguin,"That feeling when buying shadow warrior for what you think is a good price and a while later finding out that you can get a free copy until the 23rdfeelsbadmangreat game though, pick yourself up a copy while you can."
,Recommended,233130,8115854,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Bloodnose,It's what I thought Japan was like when I was 8.
,Recommended,233130,7888793,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,GREG JENNINGS,"You know the other two reboots of BUILD engine shooters, Rise of the Triad and Duke Nukem Forever? They didn't do so hot. Could a reboot of the awkwardly racist, haphazardly-made and frankly kind of ugly Shadow Warrior do any better? Surprisingly, yes.Shadow Warrior 2013 is probably the best single-player FPS I've played in years, and it towers above the competition by just being plain fun. It's not afraid to let you move fast, with a dash key that lets you circle-strafe mobs of monsters. It's not afraid to get bloody, with a magical katana and an arsenal of powerful, upgradable weapons. And it's not afraid to be funny, with the racist 'humor' swapped out for actual comedy. Maybe 40 bucks is a bit much, but if you enjoy the occasional FPS put this one on your wishlist and grab it on a sale."
,Recommended,233130,8209703,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Exalted Walrus,Best FPS of 2013. 10 out of 10 Wangs.
,Recommended,233130,8210091,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Zaphod 👽 Beeblebrox,great fun!
,Recommended,233130,8338350,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,pisskin,"Fluid, like water."
,Recommended,233130,19861542,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Raheel,Bunny Sex Simulator 20139/11 would watch bunnies having sex again.
,Recommended,233130,8228006,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dreadlord Jaina,A.L.I.C.E: shadow warrior isA.L.I.C.E: really ♥♥♥♥ing goodA.L.I.C.E: YOU CAN EVENA.L.I.C.E: SEE YOUR FEETA.L.I.C.E: WHEN YOU LOOK DOWN
,Recommended,233130,11135220,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,purplemagic75,i was walking down a path and i killed a rabbit and it exploded and heavey metal music started playing and the rabbit turned demon i have no clue why but it was awesome
,Not Recommended,233130,23211699,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,D474TH3D357R0Y3R,"I can't stand the cinematics, but I like the story.I skip movie time, and always go straight to the action which is always surprisingly good. I feel like a ninja when I play this game. #NinjaAssassin. I like the weapon upgrade system, the skills upgrade system, the graphics look good, and the environments are pleasingly epic.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=683797067I recommend it. I picked it up for super cheap. Sequel out soon.Update: Game-breaking bug on not even the third level. I can't recommend this."
76561198056547515,Recommended,233130,12276017,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Manny,"One of the best FPS I've played in years with great graphics, excellent gamplay (Using the sword in this game feels amazing), well-done story telling and writingIT'S A MUST BUYI highly recommend this game"
,Recommended,233130,12816090,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,S7 Hoxworth,.
76561197970535195,Recommended,233130,12825700,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Blo0d,Shut the ♥♥♥♥ up and buy this !
76561198039436292,Recommended,233130,7415124,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Navi Vopila,Who wants some Wang?
76561198002148924,Recommended,233130,8774941,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,RoBBBB,Crystal meth
76561197972076120,Recommended,233130,7944664,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,blimp,the fighting is pretty good yesIt's way too ugly for its steep♥♥♥♥♥system requirements and the map design is often confusing and ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,233130,8524639,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Pine Cones,Bloody.Yes.Violent.Yes.Beautiful.Yes. This game is mother ♥♥♥♥in' badass
76561198042590261,Recommended,233130,29108559,Posted: 7 January,all,Toxic Larva,I recommend this game
,Recommended,233130,24626281,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Dezpero,"Six years ago I fell in love with Red Steel 2 on the Wii, and have been wanting a game like it ever since. Well, I've found it, and it's bloody good fun. Would recommend to anyone that likes katanas, demons, blood, and overall slaughter in their games."
76561198057775784,Recommended,233130,26413240,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,SaMaN7UP,"you can kill any kind of demon with a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥katana!!!!maybe thats going to be boring and repetitive and has a long storyline,but honestly i like this game ;) you will enjoying it."
76561198054406158,Recommended,233130,22797883,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Vincent Law,this game is like a coffe that taste better and better.
,Recommended,233130,17684086,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,usedtobegod,When you are nervous and want to kill something .. try this game and thanks me later.
,Recommended,233130,14129105,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Assassino,LO WANG
76561197997061990,Not Recommended,233130,24071719,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,naetharu,"Shadow Warrior ReviewShadow Warrior is a strange game. On the one hand it offers a welcome chance to revisit the action-focused FPS games of the 1990s. Brash and often silly, Shadow Warrior is clearly a conscious attempt to recapture the essence of classic FPS games like Duke 3D, Doom and Quake. Yet for everything it gets right, often its attempt to imitate the classics goes too far, bringing back many aspects of their design that would be best left in the past.GameplayShadow Warrior is not a subtle or realistic game and it’s not trying to be. Rather, it’s about killing as many demons as possible with a combination of guns and quasi-magical swordplay. The game levels are basically a collection of small arenas connected by corridors. Each of the arenas spawn large numbers of demonic monsters that you must kill before being allowed to continue. You’re given a wide range of sword-attacks and some basic guns to play with.The combat is often frantic yet it never really feels challenging. The enemy AI is terrible, with no coordination or even noticeable reaction to your play and so even on the highest difficulty it becomes easy to simply flank and kill. Sadly, the combat is also fairly weak. The guns are all standard fair with stuff like a pistol, crossbow, sub-machine gun etc. Yet none of them feel as if they have any impact when you shoot them. They’re generic dull pea-shooters rather than epic weapons that you’ll take glee in shooting.Then there is the sword play. The sword is by far your main weapon in Shadow Warrior. However, the actual combat is sadly again lacking. Using the sword feels floaty with no weight or sense of impact. Compared with first-person melee systems in game like Condemned and Chivalry, the swordplay in Shadow Warrior is a dull and unsatisfying affair that rewards spamming rather than skill. The collection of powers that you gain with the sword are nothing special either. A spin attack to catch everyone around you, a big slice to the front and a piecing strike for maximum damage to a single target. They go some way to break up the dull combat but none of them offer anything very interesting to use.Strangely, for a game that is all about action the pace of Shadow Warrior is also very poor. All too often you’ll find yourself walking down yet another bamboo forest corridor or seeking out yet another magic key to get past a locked door. These are tropes that plagued early fps games, and there is a good reason why most modern games avoid them.The gameplay of Shadow Warrior feels as if it could have been great. With a solid combat system that rewarded real skill it could have been far more exciting. Yet as it stands it feels like a watered down version of Killing Floor mixed with archaic design some of which is perhaps best forgotten.VisualsGraphically Shadow Warrior is nothing to write home about. The models and design feel cheap and somewhat amateurish. The environments are generic Japanese temples filled with generic scenery. They’re recycled over and over again too, so you’re going to be looking at that same bamboo forest and Shinto shrine a lot. The demons also feel very generic lacking any real character or inspiration. They serve their purpose but they are neither cool nor funny. Just dull generic foes that function as small speed-bumps in your progress to the end of the game.When played on Ultra settings there is an excessive level of post-processing going on. Everything glows with a horrid yellow lighting. Couple this with an excess of dark dull areas and you’re not exactly in for a visual feast here. I found myself tired of the look very quickly; I just kept thinking about how they could have come up with so many different ideas that would have made the game far more interesting.SoundThe sound in Shadow Warrior is ok. The music is nothing special – just more generic stuff which is a real shame. The opening cut scene offers some promise with clever use of pop music yet the idea is never capitalized upon. The melee and gun sounds are weak and unconvincing and the demons sound more like old men with a throat infection than monsters from the dark side. The voice acting is cheesy but passable. I guess they were going for this but it’s not done all that well. The script is poorly written and lacks any real inspiration which I am sure does not help.Technical PerformanceRunning on the following system: GTX7702GB/i54700k/8GB RAM – the game runs at a perfect locked 60fps on Ultra settings. No crashes or bugs found during play. On a technical level the game seems solid.ConclusionIn conclusion I find Shadow Warrior very hard to recommend. I understand that it was trying to capture the feeling of classic games such as Duke 3D and the original Shadow Warrior from the 1990s, but it just fails to do so in a manner that is fun. The game feels like it lacks real inspiration, resulting in the whole thing having a generic vibe. The combat is weak and the gameplay slow-paced. The story is nowhere near interesting enough to encourage you to carry on either.If you want a wave shooter with challenge forget this and look to Killing Floor. If it’s a revitalized classic game you’re after, then Wolfenstein: The New Order or the recent DOOM will serve you so much better. And if you really feel the need to revisit the 1990s then just grab yourself a copy of the original Duke Nukem 3D. You’ll have a much better time playing the real classics than this half-hearted attempt to rekindle their spirit."
,Recommended,233130,10089977,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Daft Behemoth (S`A),"This game is an absolute blast. This is exactly how you should overhaul an old school shooter. It doesn't simply point at its predecessor and say ""Don't you remember when this was cool? Aren't we having fun!?"". It brings a lot to the table and lets you have a fast-paced, visceral jaunt through demon gore and explosions. While each gun you can use is wildly different from each other and satisfying to shoot, it's the swordplay that really takes the cake here. Each swing brutally decapitates lesser demons in a convincing way and the special Ki attacks are equally satisfying and cleverly implemented. Even with the fun weapon variety, I still find myself going back to the blade for most of my murdering needs. Each level is quite varied from each other with a fairly wide color pallete and if you appreciate a nice cringe-worthy pun, you'll really enjoy the humor in this game as well. I only have a couple complaints about the game, those being the somewhat bullet spongy larger demons (which become more manageable once you get some upgrades) and the lack of direction some of the game gives you (there was more than one occasion where I had to circle around an area multiple times in order to find the tiny gold button or keycard that would let me progress). These complaints are fairly minor and shouldn't take away from my recommendation overall.8.5/10 - Easily worth your time and the price of admission with only a couple minor annoyances that are quickly forgotton as soon as you behead another demon with a ki blast swung from your sword."
,Not Recommended,233130,18760782,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,drmv,"Sadly, I couldn't play this for more than half an hour at a time, because of the combination of Head Bobbing + Narrow FOV + Fast Pace gave me headaches."
,Not Recommended,233130,18336552,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,The Grinning Ghost,"It was a-okay, some of the controls were a bit wonky and the swordplay not as fun as I'd hoped it to be but it's a decent play for gore fanatics."
,Recommended,233130,8866598,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,DAD-alus,"Being a big id/Apogee/3dRealms fan growing up I""m actually a bit surprised I never played the original Shadow Warrior game. With that in mind, the original is not necessary to enjoy this current version.The game is comedic in it's smaller parts with a more dramatic and serious larger story creating an enjoyable playthrough of a snarky likable character and he snarky likable smartass partner making one-liners and quipps about everything they ruthelessly slaughter with the sword.The reason the sword is used is because aside from an occasional boss battle, there is no point for any of the other guns at all. Perhaps on easier game-modes this is not true, but on the challenging-but-very-possible hardest difficulty the only thing worth doing is using the sword with the ""Ki"" attacks over and over on various groups or individuals.It's fun, but playing on the hardest difficulty extended the gameplay to a point that seemed stretched. The scenes were varied and gorgeous (though there were major problems with lag and glitches that resulted from poorly-optimized graphics unsynching the gameplay with lagging cutscenes), but the concept was the same. Enter a room, enjoy the atmosphere, maybe push a button or search for some money/ammo, kill a bunch of dudes, go to next room, and so on for 17 chapters. Very ""Serious-Sam-esque"" where it was just the same combat over and over in different places. Not a terrible idea, but not particularly fresh the whole time.Like I mentioned, the graphics were, even at the lowest setting on a fast computer, prone to lag in certain areas of rooms simply as a result of standing in said area, not as a result of too-many enemies or too many things on-screen, just of poorly optimized areas. There were glitches unrelated to this as well, being able to hit enemies through walls and vice-versa, various oddities that were rarely gameplay inhibiting.Tons of easter eggs, lots of references to 90s ""stuff"". This was one thing done very right, there were so many things to find in this game that even the most bumbling adventurer would stumble upon something that made them chuckle. In the serious parts of the game the mood was not distracted with humorous easter eggs, and the flow continued well.All in all I'd recommend this, especially on sale. Fun combat-oriented slashing first-person-shooter that is relaxing on anything other than ""Insane"" difficulty, nothing revolutionary, but a nice break from the standard FPS.This game's rating: Monte Python Rabbit Reference achievement unlocked!"
,Recommended,233130,12288222,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Ya Boi Dick Splasha,Lo Wang go bang bang11/10
76561198061898910,Recommended,233130,22815812,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Big Daddy Crow,DO NOT ♥♥♥♥ WITH THE BUNNY ! He will goall up Monty Python on your♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,233130,20158314,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Memekatzzz,"Now I'm not sayng this is a bad game. but after about 2 hours it became quite dull the whole game is rince and repeat of the same. The all boss fights are all fought the same way and monsters killed the same way. but I pretty much expected this as this is how there kind of games are. like duke nukem, etc. It wasnt a bad game though story line was meh and ending was meh. 3/10 stars"
,Recommended,233130,25067554,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Brutipati01,THE BEST FPS GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!! <3
76561198022953240,Recommended,233130,16385860,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Little Boy Nithipong,"Shadow Warrior : ดาบ..ต้นจนจบเกม(9/10 A+++)เกม shadow warrior ต้นกำเนิดจริงๆมันเกิดขึ้นมาในยุคเดียวกับพวก duke nukem,blood เป็นเกมแนว fps-3d พูดง่ายมันคือโคลนของ doom ที่เปลื้ยนธีมทางค่ายผู้ผลิตได้ตัดสินใจนำเกมกลับมาชีวิตอีกครั้ง ซึ่งผมว่าเขาเลือกทีมงานทำได้ดีกว่า duke nukem forever(ที่เป็นเกมรีเมคเหมือนกัน) ตัวเกมเล่นเพลินไม่ติดขัดมากนักมีมุกตลกมาเป็นระยะๆ ถ้าเทียบกับ sam3 ผมว่าผมให้เกมนี้ว่าเด็ดสุด เกมง่ายเดินๆยิงๆไม่ต้องคิดไรผมบอกเลยว่า art ขอเกมทำออกมาสวยดี จะออกแนวญื่ปุ่นๆแต่เป็นในฉบับมุมมองของคนอเมริกาที่ยังมองว่า บ้านเมืองต้องมีต้นซากุระ บ้านเป็นแบบทรงโบราญ คนใส่ชุดชุดกี่เพ้า??(จีนไม่ใช้หรอ) ตัวละครก็ใช้สำเนียงแบบ ฝรั่งพูดญี่ปุ่น ฟังแล้วดูตลกๆดีเกมมี easter egg ตามด่านต่างๆมากมาย ช่วยทำให้เราหายคิดถึงภาคเก่าๆได้ระบบการเล่น : ตัวเกมเป็นแบบ fps(มีดาบให้ใช้) เดินตะลุยยิงไม่ต้องคิดไรมาก แต่ยังคงรักษาความคลาสสิกอยู่คือ เก็บกุญแจเพื่อผ่านด่านอาวุธมีให้ใช้หลากหลาย แต่พอเล่นไปซักพักจะพบว่า กูใช้แค่ดาบกับปืนพกก็พอจบเกมได้ตัวเกมมีระบบการอัพสกิวซึ่ง ก็ไม่รู้ว่ามันช่วยไรได้รึเปล่า เพราะพอแต้มขึ้น เราก็กดอัพไปงั้นๆไม่ค่อยได้ใส่ใจอะไร ด้วยความที่ว่าสกิวมันเยอะบวกกับขี้เกียจอ่าน ในท้ายที่สุดเราก็ใช้แค่ ท่าฟันปกติกับ ท่าชาร์จพลังดาบในการอัพสกิวเราต้องใช้เแต้มที่ชื่อว่า karma ที่จะได้จากการฆ่ากับ เก็บบ่อเลือดกราฟฟิก : ทำออกมาสีสดใสดี แต่พอเวลามืดก็มือดสนิท อย่างที่บอก art ของเกมทำออกดีเป็นแนวญี่ปุ่นจ้าๆเลย ผมว่าดีนะในเมื่อจะทำธีมญี่ปุ่นอยู่แล้วก็ให้สุดๆไปเลยA.I. : ความฉลาดผมให้เท่าปีศาจใน sam ครับ อย่างที่บอกเกมนี้ไม่ค่อยมีไรมาก เดินตะลุยๆ ยิงๆ มันเลยดูจะเน้นจำนวนซะมากกว่า แต่จะมีบางตัวกระโดดหลบข้อเสีย : -ตัวเกมยังมีแอบ โหลด map ความจริงไม่แอบอ่ะ มันโหลดให้เห็นกันโต่งๆ ด่านหนึ่งผมให้อย่างน้อยว่าต้องมี เดินๆอยู่แล้วโหลดอย่างน้อย 3-4 ครั้ง-สกิวเยอะความจำเป็น ในความเป็นจริงเกมพวกนี้ไม่ควรมี น่าจะมีแค่อัพเกรต ปืนอย่างเดียวพอ พอมีท่าเยอะก็ขี้เกียจจำสรุป : โอเคนะ เล่นข้ามเวลาในการใช้ชีวิตได้ดีมาก ไม่ติดคิดไรเลยเดินยิงๆ เก็บกุญแจ ตัวเกมออกแบบมาให้ไม่ยากเกินไป ไม่ง่ายเกินไป ตอนบู้ก็สนุกดีลื่นไหลไม่ติดขัดอะไร เท่าที่เล่นๆมากเจอ bugs น้อยกว่าที่คิด ที่ไม่ค่อยเลยคือสำเนียงอเมริกาญี่ปุ่นของตัวละครอื่น(ที่ไม่ใช้พระเอก) ที่ฟังแล้วดูแปลกๆกับไม่เข้ามุกตลกในเกมถือว่าทำออกวอร์คมาก เวลาฮามันก็ฮาจริงๆ"
,Recommended,233130,27329256,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SlayerMcGee,"One of the best FPS's of 2015, no doubt!"
,Recommended,233130,26012638,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,♦ Clown ♣,"First off, this game is freakin awesome!!!~ Story Line is rich and very very well made.~ Very Very bloody. Most blood ive seen come out of a monster... now that I think of it, I dont think ive ever seen a monster... So theres alot of blood.~ Some of these weapons are just EXPLOSIVLY awesome... no really, theres a rocket launcher that I can blow up cars and body parts and monsters will fly all over the place!!!~ I thought I would just kill monster, BUT I CAN ALSO KILL HUMANS TOO WA HA HA HA HA.~ Its pretty insane that the enviornment is very destructive. I can destroy an arcade machine after ive played it (or before), I can also destory plant stands, like who in the world doesnt like destroying plant stands....~ Scary... Sometimes this game can get a bit scary so bring your pacifier with ya. One time I was walking down a road and I couldnt hear anything, just the sounds of ambient nature... Then I could hear something behind me, I looked back and theres a horde of monsters on my tail.. Just wonderful... (I couldnt finish my ♥♥♥♥ing coffee....)P.S ~ This all took place in 2 hours of gameplay...10/10 Best slash em, pack em, and blow em up game ive ever played... (Miss my coffee....)"
,Recommended,233130,27416009,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rayvolution,"A great game, with an even greater sequel!"
,Recommended,233130,14717325,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Remco32,"Gameplay from the era where shooters were more than merely shooting Russians with real life guns, technical fidelity from today."
,Recommended,233130,30536346,Posted: 15 March,all,$Chaos$ thekids100,10/10Don't mess with the wang
,Recommended,233130,22074790,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,KillbotSKX,"Incredibly fun, dirt cheap. Get some. 10/10.So.Much.Blood."
76561198039230765,Recommended,233130,23794311,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,RatKing (King of the Rats),"In this exciting new installation of Edgecraft: a Weaboo's revenge Lt John Steveson, decorated weeb and professional minecraft streamer, loses his wife in car accident, and seeks revenge on the laws of physics by killing every lifeform he sees in an effort to reach the phyiscs king, and bring him to justice.goodbut2weebfourme"
,Recommended,233130,23815790,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,MAXIMUM OVERRUSTLE,"Hysterical!Great combat, gorgeous graphics. Fun story line.It's a shame there's no multiplayer, sword fights would be hella fun!But the campaign is excellent. Fun abilities to master. Talents and skills. Definitely worth playing. The developer is great too, takes lots of advice and listens to the community on all their games."
76561198040985145,Recommended,233130,9630664,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,FRIEDENBERG69,The best video review of Shadow Warrior 2013 Ever:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PM8gqBd03LQ&list=UUlfBRfx8nkUj42XuscR9b4g
,Recommended,233130,22879727,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Sepertua,Very Fun and Hilarious game. This game is sort of like asian deadpool( don't take in a racist manner. ). Just have a blast and be the WANG.Do try to get the sale version tho.
76561198152733282,Recommended,233130,22879744,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Black_Beetle,Awesome
,Recommended,233130,29977781,Posted: 16 February,all,Ading,fun samurai gamekatana + gun =GG!graphic are good too...and great price on sale.
76561198201727628,Recommended,233130,33648320,Posted: 19 July,all,#OVERWATCH,This game is WANGSUM
,Recommended,233130,33651645,Posted: 19 July,all,kammarat radomir,ouch this game is too awesome it hurt my eye not jk
76561198154145919,Recommended,233130,14236813,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Nathan Explosion,Amazing crazy fun I really enjoyed this title 10/10 def worth $10 ( I payed like 8.99 or maybe it was $12.99 ) but Ya it was very fun thumbs up demons butts^^
,Recommended,233130,29690349,Posted: 4 February,all,Bereeco Scasthe,its doom in china
,Not Recommended,233130,30605309,Posted: 18 March,all,Vejita,I admit I didn't make it far before I got bored. I ended up just loading up classic Shadow Warrior instead.
,Recommended,233130,26071286,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Camo | hellcase.com,Duke Nukem with swords!! Doesn't get any better than this.11/10 would get some Wang!
,Recommended,233130,18985708,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Greco,
,Recommended,233130,13053168,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,RaviaN-,11/10extra 1 pts for the rabbits doing their thing
,Recommended,233130,13545275,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Kodesh,i really didnt expect that i would enjoy this game so much! this one is my personal tip of 2014!!!
76561198032403754,Recommended,233130,8930509,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Satch,Buy this game!  well worth full price.  Pure fast paced limb ripping carnage with wangtastic weapons and a dismemberment system that takes me back to the good ole days of caving faces in in Soldier of Fortune 2.
76561198079933013,Recommended,233130,8150397,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,mutab01,أعجبتني
,Recommended,233130,9009776,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Shenzi,"Really fun game. Bloody old-school styled shooter made modern just like Serious Sam 3, and keeps its original Shadow Warrior roots. The weapons are cool. The areas are well designed and beautiful, and the enemies are numerous with plenty of variety.The game focuses more on using your katana than the original title, allowing you to perform directional attacks and even more powerful special moves to it, which complements nicely with the dynamic dismemberment mechanics on enemies. It also includes a scoring mechanic which I find akin to that you find in the ""Devil May Cry"" series, rewarding more points and higher ranks based on how quickly you kill your enemies, how little damage you take, and how diverse and stylish you were whilst doing so. There is also some ki based magic mechanic, except I can't really comment on it as I didn't really use it in my playthroughs, except for healing.This game also has retained most of its comedic value; lots of hidden little easter eggs and references, good dialogue and voice acting, even the fortune cookies make appearances with hundreds of qwerky sayings. Each level also has a ""nostaglia area"" hidden for those who want a trip down memory lane, some home to the popular 'anime girls'. Sadly, Lo Wang is young here, as this game takes place before the original, so we don't get his old ""Ancient Chinese Secret"" quote, which I was kinda looking forward to, but that's hardly an issue.Above all that I have to say my favourite thing about this game is the soundtrack. It's so beautiful and appropriate and ties in well with everything that's going on. The combat music is intense and engaging, while the 'calm' music between battles is relaxing and nice to explore the areas too. Hell, I even sat idle at the credits sequence for a good 20 minutes because of how great the music was.All that said, I definately recommend picking this up. Even if this genre isn't quite your cup of tea, if you ever notice it on a Steam sale for 75% off, snatch it up while you can.10/10"
,Recommended,233130,10135249,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,iie-kyo,"Game is ♥♥♥♥ing bananas.  This was the first shooter I played in a long time where I had so much ♥♥♥♥ing FUN.  The game makes you feel like a badass samurai slicing enemies up.  Gameplay is incredibly fast paced - reminiscent of the Serious Sam type of gameplay where enemies come at you in an open arena nonstop.  This is one of the few FPSes out there where the melee is far better than the gunplay.  The guns are great, don't get me wrong, but you really feel like you're tearing things up once you get skills to allow you to use special moves with your katana.The story's pretty good.  Uses characters based off of Chinese and Japanese mythology.  The character interaction between Lo Wang and Hoji (an exiled demon who helps you out) is awesome - lots of banter but in a good sort of way.  You almost get the ""buddy cop"" feeling as Hoji initially starts off as an irritating sidekick and the story progresses to a point where you start enjoying his company.The level design is still somewhat linear - there's ""off the beaten path"" options you can take to get extra ammo and secrets.  It's actually very important to find as many of these as possible - skipping over them can limit the upgrades you get.  But it's nothing along the lines of the original where you have to jump into hidden walls or break open hard-to-see cracks in the wall to get to them.  Usually it's some sort of fork that leads to these.Tons of references to different aspects of pop culture, lots of throwbacks to the classic Shadow Warrior, and incredibly intense battles.  The bossfights are actually a bit of a weak point, but they do the job.I finished this game in about 15 hours.  That is UNHEARD of for a modern shooter game.  Each chapter is incredibly long, and just like old school Shadow Warrior, you have the luxury of being able to save at any time.  Very convenient when you can only play this game in spurts, and probably a necessity considering some levels take over an hour to fully complete.If you can find this game on sale, GET IT."
76561198046229844,Recommended,233130,12027623,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,wapa33,"Shadow warrior is a uniqueblend of classic arcade shooter combined with modern graphics and dialouge that could be taken directly from a Quintin Terentino movie. It has a great plot and cast with excellent voice acting, with interesting charecters that fit all the right roles. You have your jackass hero and funny sidekick. The real brilliance in this game though is the combat, combat that lets you wield a magick katana in one hand and a submachine gun in the other. Personally I rely on the katana but I often use the explosive cross bow bolts against the stronger enemies. with boundless upgrades and weapons, spells and magick katana moves, this game provides the hands down best fps experience I have ever had. This isnt another stupid cod clone that will make you fall into monotimous task instead this is a fast paced experience that feel like a rush of adrenaline."
76561197994452795,Recommended,233130,11474479,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Sceptis,"Graphics are fairly nice, gameplay mechanics works well. Tough levels are a bit quite linear, boss fights repeats them selves and developers could gone bit more crazy with gun 'n katana play, this a FANTASTIC reminder how first person shooters were done back in the days and how they should to be done now."
,Recommended,233130,12823898,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,-=Zimi=-,"Game itself might be good but the Kanji of the Building are partial opposite, i dont think this was wanted, i just think they failed on that HARD, also they wanted to name one building Pharmacy with kanji and made kind of a new word for it.this is after you walk up the street at the beginning when the car comes down backwards."
,Recommended,233130,8074103,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,AODWITT,"All around fun game, good story, great combat, and plenty of comedic relief. Honestly cannot give it enough of a recommendation."
76561197977471626,Recommended,233130,7893200,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,The Cranstable,Buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game.
76561198039816259,Recommended,233130,7904928,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,^1voy777,"This game is awsome. Ok, if you like slow turnbased RPG's, or you never liked DOOM or Quake (any part for the matter) or Serious Sam or Painkiller then DON'T get this, if you did then BUY IT!.  Ok so like you got beautifull visuals, great options to tweak VIDEO, AUDIO, CONTROLS and everything like a PC game should have, not like that crap port RAGE.  The sword combat is good and I don't like meele weapons games!, guns good (upgrade path to malke better!!). If you got a good machine to run this than feast your eyes on the graphics and sound(buy a soudblaster X)!, stunning ( I got a good setup), and the game is funny, gory, well paced.BUY BUY BUY especially on Steam sale for $9.99. Steam did not pay me to write this, neither did Flying Hog."
,Recommended,233130,8062892,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,TechnoGeekACC,"If you love cutting demons down with a katana, then this is your kind of game. Basically a reboot prequel, it may deviate from what made the original game so good, but it has it's own perks and goodness that will keep you playing."
,Recommended,233130,1304616,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Freddie Freeloader,"Shadow Warrior is an incredible re-imagining of the classic 3DRealms FPS.-Probably the best looking game I've ever played. Compare the textures to other modern day games... they don't come close.-The action is incredible. They take no liberties in making everything feel like an action movie. There are 9 weapons that you can hold at the same time, including two weapons you can remove from enemies: demon hearts and demon heads.-Every combat is rated at the end. Get enough stars and Lo Wang spurts out a one-liner.-The writing can be funny, but is hit-and-miss. Voice acting is great, for the most part; I could see some people turned off by Hoji's voice.-Post-launch Survival mode has added tons of replayability. Leaderboard support included.-Campaign is 17 levels, took me 40-90 minutes to complete each level.-There are 106 secrets in the game. Some secrets are hidden within small recreations of retro areas taken from the old 3DRealms Shadow Warrior game from the '90s, which is neat.Flying Wild Hog is establishing themselves as the premiere PC FPS developer."
76561197970723702,Recommended,233130,13277444,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,jsstarkey,Great game with an old school feel.
76561198173095498,Recommended,233130,23159714,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,red_rage_48,gore fun as hell 10/10
,Recommended,233130,8037521,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,DRAUJAC,"Take what you know about Shadow Warrior, and forget it. This is not that game. For heavens sake, dont compare this to Duke Nukem or Serious Sam either. I went into this game expecting many things myself, and only bought it for the name as  i am a huge Shadow Warrior and Lo Wang fanatic. I finished this game with those expecatations blown wide open and my mindset completely changed. My mindset changed about what what i though would be another Shadow Warrior or Duke Nukem clone. Dont form a certain picture about this in your mind as you are dead wrong. Do you like sword play ? I mean real sword play ? Where you are a Poet with a Katana, carving lyrics into the Souls of Demons ? Do you like guns ? Robust and complex guns with all the bells and whistles they always forget to give you in a game that you really wish you had to cause exquisite mayhem ? Do you ever play a game, and forget that you are playing a game due to the immersive ambience and atmosphere the game creates around you ? Do you miss excellent story telling that while informing you also compells you to know more ? Beautiful graphics, immersive gameplay and locations, great ambience and atmosphere, explosive and deadly tech savvy death dealing weapons, a great compelling and interactive story driving you forwards to know and experience more, and sword play mixed in with all of that, turning you into a magical, mystical, mysterious, comical and deadly ninja warrior fighting hordes of the shadow worlds demons and huge demonic bosses, travelling dimensions and traversing dangerous places all to save the world, and a new Friend, Lo Wang style."
,Recommended,233130,8540189,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,◬,Buy this game.Stop reading this.BUY THE GAME.Given some slightly better textures this game would have been all i could have asked for. The melee is very well crafted and stacks up nicely compared to the guns. I know this because i was able to play through the game using only melee with the exception of boss fights.
,Recommended,233130,8891752,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,gengar,"Decent throwback to the better times (90's) of the PC FPS. An awesome variety of weapons and enemies, enjoyable funny characters and great visuals when thrown up to max settings. Only issue I can think of is the lack of multiplayer, which if pulled off correctly could have been great, but as a single player experience Shadow Warrior is a brilliant game.Would buy, would play, get"
76561197996163139,Recommended,233130,12452383,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,tydaeus,"Solid gameplay, good visuals, and a surprisingly well-written mythological plot."
76561198166693840,Recommended,233130,22893734,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,aleks,KATANA FOR THE WIN
,Recommended,233130,13539988,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Shady Dingo,for what little time i have played this game it is amaizingly fun and hilarious
76561198180611237,Not Recommended,233130,17837860,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,- M e y z u,"The heart of this game is the comedy ... Sadly but true, now dont get me wrong the game is fun to play...for a short while. After the first few chapters, you'll realize that you've seen just about everything the game has to offer. The combat is boring once you come to understand that you'll be fighting the same enemies over and over and over.Pros: ComedyCons: AlotPerhaps the sequel will bring some more variety."
,Recommended,233130,7542277,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Deirfgeis,"The most fun I've had with a singleplayer FPS in forever. Fun, challenging, good looking unique. Definite must-play. I didn't think first person melee could ever NOT suck, until this."
76561198137383995,Recommended,233130,18089631,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Den,"HARD AS BALLS!!! But incredibly fair. You live and die by your own skill. There are NO cheap deaths. I love this game, it plays incredibly smooth and it is just amazing! It truly does justice to the original. The storyline is really wonderful, which completely shocked me. You have control over the difficulty, so if you find it too difficult you can turn it down a little until you build some skill. I felt challenged the whole time and never cheated and while it is fairly linear there are places that deviate from the central path and multiple ways to attack each problem. This is just beautiful."
,Recommended,233130,8541700,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,PastaPillows,"When Shadow Warrior first came out, I wasn't sure what to make of it. I thought it was another one of those generic first person shooters. When I picked it up during the Holiday Sale and started playing, however, I was pleasently surprised. I've always had a soft spot for retro shooter types, and this one is no exception to the retro shooter genre.The whole point of Shadow Warrior is to kick as much♥♥♥♥♥as you can, and look stylish as hell doing it. After each tango, the game even rates you on how well you used all of the things in your arsenal; whether that be your swordplay, use of guns, or efficiency taking down enemies.If you like Quake or Doom type shooters, then seriously consider picking up Shadow Warrior."
,Recommended,233130,13540413,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Jocks™,Saw rabbits doin it11/10
,Recommended,233130,7744561,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Schiz0id,"**64 BIT/DX11 PATCH REVIEW!!Holy magical swordballs. This patch is amazing.I have an nvidia gtx 670 and an amd 8350, both at stock speeds. Before, I had to run this on high, at 720p to get it to 45-80 frames per second.AFTER THIS PATCH, THE GAME RUNS BUTTERY SMOOTH AT 90-160 FRAMES PER SECOND ON MY 144 HZ MONITOR, AT ULTRA, EVEN WITH ALL AA ENABLED!The graphics are not changed much, but they are far more noticable and the only frame dips were caused by loading parts of the map in. I would like to see a tweak to stop streaming, but my ssd I don't usually have games on will work fine.This game is magnificent. It's brutally hard, actually has a decent story with character growth, has batshit insane combat, and best of all, the game has multiple playthroughs and a very good upgrade system. Made by some of the people behind Painkiller: Black Edition, you'll notice right away the ties to good-old painkiller. The katana combat is some of the best, and with dx11 enabled the enemies will melt and fly apart even better than before.Just imagine how this will run when directx 11.3 comes out with windows 10... it may run even FASTER!TL;DR:*almost a 50% fps boost *on my system*better physics, gore, and combat*once ps4-exclusive Zilla bossfights*the old version still existsThe bad:The aa still looks pretty bad. Luckily the fps is so high that you can easily downsample.OLD REVIEWMAGICAL KATANA SIMULATOR 2014*Hey! You! Do you have a good pc?THEN PLAY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW GODDAMNITSeriously. The game is a blast- the levels are nicely varied, the story is actually interesting, the characters are hilarious, the guns feel seriously overpowered (and so do the enemies), the game is long as heck, and best of all, the gore is incredible. You should play this at least once in your lifetime.*With some guns."
,Recommended,233130,9680575,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Mizar,"Its entertaining if you want to hack various japanense mythology inspired demons into so many slices you could have a sandwich party with them as the meat. However levels are basically mazes, in that you could wander around for hours and then find a tiny button or a gun you need to pick up for some nonsensical reason.I spent atleast two hours in this game wandering the hallways only to find the thing i needed. Its really weirdly linear. This wouldn't be the problem if the keys to get through the door weren't so annoying to find and could be done in any order besides one.For example. At one point about halfway through, i was in a shipyard trying to get past this propeller that had a gap in it and was obstructing my path. I had no idea what to do. But there was a powerbox nearby so i assumed i could just press it.No i had to go back up the stairs, find some C4 that blended into the floor texture, and then i could open the power box.And some enemies are just completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Especially the iron golems. You have to shoot a spot on their back. This isn't a problem but they still have way to much health, have no indication of whether or not you're doing any damage. And later it starts spamming the little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s alongside other tough enemies.And bosses are just ""Shoot this one big guy until he zones out and his armor opens showing some crystals to shoot"" The mystic story is complete tripe on a sandwich made of batshit.Also theirs obligatory kamakaze enemies, except sometimes they♥♥♥♥♥♥out little balls of radioactive snot that either sit there orr roll at you.Speaking of which, explosions have way to much blast radius. I could be 20 feet away and still take damage from a small one.Now for the good.Its funny, it looks good, its reasonably long for an indie game. Sword play is fun. The gore system is amazing and fun to play with. Bosses and some enemies actually have some cool designs. Levels are pretty.I had fun with it, maybe you will, but i don't blame you if you don't."
,Recommended,233130,10434994,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,GoaT_PhysX_,What a surprising release.  This game is awesome.  Graphics are top notch and it's old school style shooter.  Way better than lets say....duke nukem forever.
76561198007979125,Recommended,233130,10443708,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Captain  Destructo,This is some hardcore ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥right here!  I've been waiting for a game like this for years!  This might just be too much Wang for me to handle!
,Recommended,233130,10466280,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Wizop,"If you want to play a game where you can just sit back shut off all your thoughts, worries, and any drama in your life & just have a really fun time playing a video game then this is that game to do all that for you. I seriously have a blast playing this game. Its so over the top with action, blood & gore, violence, and even some humor that i cant help but, smile and be immersed into each session i have playing this. Basically your hired to go to this dojo to purchase this legendary sword but, when the old sensai refuses to sell it it leads to you killing his people but, then being captured n prisioned which while prisioned you witness supernatural golem come kill the people and steal the sword. This then leads to your escape and the journey begins to find the golem and kill it and retrieve the legendary supernatural katana. Along the way theres awesome levels full of demonic enemies & some human enemies that will try & kill you. You will find Ki Crystals, Gain Karma Points & Earn Money whcih each can be used to unlock/buy upgrades. Ki  Crystals unlock Skills, Karma Points unlock powers, & money can buy you new weapon uprgades like red dot sights, new barrels, & stuff like that. This is suprisingly a long single player game; one level took me a good hour in order to beat with me finding money, karma points and actually taking my time. Most levels will take at least at least a half hour-45 mins to beat so dont ecxpect to just run threw the game within 4 hours n finish it. There also is some boss's like the warlord which is a super beast demon that whoops♥♥♥♥♥ This game has all the ingredients for a awesome truly fun game that is just like old school FPS games like serious sam. I highly suggest you to buy this game if you love real FPS games & want a game where you know each time you go to play it that you will have a fun a** time.PROS: Graphics are nice, sound is awesome, gameplay is smooth depending on your machine, great weapons and a awesome lenghth campaign that will def keep you coming back for more.NEGATIVES: Lack of multiplayer or co-op, can lag at random times when theres way to much explosions going off at once & could use a greater ammount of different enemies.9/10"
,Recommended,233130,10428243,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Weltfremd,play this.
,Recommended,233130,25346409,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,W1ldhaggis,pretty guud
76561198061804966,Recommended,233130,24420954,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Siriso,It's Wangtastic
,Recommended,233130,24061156,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Kunhau,Bought it for 4€ i feel like i robbed developers.
,Recommended,233130,10430749,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,WHAM,"I didn't know I was a sucker for old-timey ""dumb"" FPS games which are full of bad humor and pointless gore.Now I know I am...I expected this to be the sort of game I can pass a couple of hours with, but found myself quite quickly hooked. In the end I spent about 4 evenings playing the game until I beat it.So, Shadow Warrior is a game in which you are Lo Wang. Near the start you get a demon sword and a gun. Then there are demons, big and small and everything in between, some hopping between dimensions (ours and a demon world) and the whole game is bathed with references to old games as well as a metric ton of crude humor and♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes (hey, his name IS Wang!).The game is suitably pretty, (non-human) enemies are very well animated, environments are detailed, if a bit repetitive in some areas, the weapons and attacks are inventive and fun and the combat simply flows well. The voice acting is not nearly as cringe-worthy as the intro makes it seem (just give it a while, you'll get used to it), however the music is mostly bland and unnoticeable.Playtime: 12+ hours (single playthrough)Ratings (1-10)Visual: 8Audio: 8Story: 9Gameplay: 9Overall: 8"
76561197989773267,Recommended,233130,7450132,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Freeman 2.0,"Aunque algunos aspectos como el nuevo Lo Wang pueden no gustar a todos los fans, Wild Flying Hog ha hecho un buen trabajo. Salvaje, frenético y rejugable, su subida de habilidades es gratificante y tiene el mejor sistema de combate melé en primera persona desde Dark Messiah. Pocos FPS hay en el mercado que ofrezcan semejante festival de gore, fuegos artificiales y humor gamberro."
,Recommended,233130,13993690,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Synik,"PROS:Silky smooth fluid combatGraphics are beautfiulGood storyGreat movement controlsDoes a great job of making you feel like a badassCONS:Sometimes hard to execute specific sword controsl under the head of battleNext to no replayabilityAn absolutely amazing game. Kept me intterested all the way through. The environments do start to get repetative towards the end, but they are shifted back towards creative.  There is a huge emphesis on sword combat, which is good because melee combat is where this game really shines, its very fun to pull of 10 kills with a single special attack."
76561198147082398,Recommended,233130,15150174,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,patrick.pare,"Fast and furious visceral combat! The sword fighting is the best! i almost never use the guns, gertting it up close is so more fun!"
76561197967026034,Recommended,233130,27415658,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,lilWhitey,it's a nice tribute to the original and it was a pleasure to play through it !
76561198045731161,Recommended,233130,24686868,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,PapiPenetrate,manz diz iz sik
,Recommended,233130,15160770,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Jokal,"I hope this game doesn't have a peanut allergy, because it is ♥♥♥♥ING NUTS"
76561198021533162,Recommended,233130,15163812,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Shogun of Shodown,"Solid GameplayInteresting Story and Decent DialogueI like that you can't fully unlock all abilities and skills in one playthrough; it gives weight to the choices you make.If you like the demo, then give this game a chance."
76561198057403890,Recommended,233130,8177238,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Chaos Jew,This game is santuary to the old school playersi have shed tears for this game
,Recommended,233130,12955089,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ΔCAPTAINΔDELTAΔ,"Slice demons, Cut demons, uppercut demons, destroy demons, blow up demons, shoot demons, trow demons, set demons on fire, explode demons, ♥♥♥♥ demons, lowercut demons, eliminate demons, assassinate demons, hunt demons, stalk demons, meet demons, befriend demons and thats kinda what this game is about."
76561198090872181,Recommended,233130,10907181,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,SOPHISTICATED BEAR,BEARS RAAAR BEARRRR!!! SPAAAACE!!!! BEARS IN SPACE!!!!! YEEEESSSS!!! OVER 9000!!(Disclaimer: I have not played this game)
,Recommended,233130,13523960,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,2Dollarbill,"So good man, it's like Killing Floor 2 but you're following an actual story."
,Recommended,233130,20940580,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Black Abyss,Holy ♥♥♥♥ yes.
76561198255051739,Recommended,233130,20500264,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,I Need MORE Friends!!,Cutting your enemies into bloody pieces who could ask for more?
76561198052267959,Recommended,233130,12801754,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Jadame,"Kill Bill crazy style catana slaughter simulator. Awesome gameplay, well-writen characters and good humor.11/10"
,Recommended,233130,14473360,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Stan,
,Recommended,233130,30824824,Posted: 29 March,all,Raygun30,start of the gaem: ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gun ♥♥♥♥♥♥ swordmiddle of the game: ok guns badass swordnear the end of the game ; ho lee fuke guns and OH MY ♥♥♥♥ING GOD WHO IN THE ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥ WORLD MADE THIS SWORD OF ALL GODS ♥♥♥♥ING HELL THIS IS AMAZING OH MY ♥♥♥♥ING GAWD THIS SWORD HAS  POWER! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!so yeah i would recomend this gamewang\10
,Recommended,233130,29023476,Posted: 4 January,all,Doctor Omn Nom,"In chapter 2 I found two rabbits screwing in the forest. I killed the female and the male became a burning rabbit min-boss, like jesus dude, calm down."
,Recommended,233130,22049136,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,ThE HämPehL,"Also ich habe zuallererst ein Spiel wie Serious Sam erwartet. Ich habe mir absichtlich keine Reviews angeschaut und habe auch nicht das erste Shadow Warrior gespielt.Nach den ersten Spielminuten/Stunden wurde mir aber klar, das is gar kein Serious Sam-Klon.Was auch nicht unbedingt negativ sein muss.Jedoch war es gerade am Anfang schwer einen Spielfluss herzustellen, das Spiel bietet kein Horden-von-Gegnern-rennen-auf-mich-zu-und-ich-ballere-alles-weg sondern man muss entweder im Nahkampf ran oder man kann echt gut zielen, Headhsots erzeugen dann doch die gewünschte Wirkung.Im Laufe der Zeit sammelt man mehr Waffen und dann macht das Ganze auch viel mehr Sinn. Man kann jede der Waffen mit Geld, welches man im Spiel sammelt, aufrüsten und sie somit effektiver machen.Jede Waffe hat ihr spezielles Einsatzgebiet und ist für eine bestimmte Situation oder bestimmte Gegner besonders gut  geeignet.Des Weiteren kann man bestimmte Fähigkeiten erlernen, die einem erlauben mehr Gesundeit zu haben, länger sprinten zu können oder eine Schockwelle auszustoßen, die Gegner für kurze Zeit lähmen kann.Alles in allem ein nettes Spiel für zwischendurch aber auch nichts weltbewegendes.Grafik: 9Sound: 8Story: 6Präsentation: 8Gesamt: 8"
,Recommended,233130,30322165,Posted: 4 March,all,Spooky Mustard Jar,10/10 Will eat make a Sushi from a  Demon again.
76561198271869071,Recommended,233130,31992898,Posted: 27 May,all,The Breadinator,first off this is a really great game however that is hindered by the performane for some unknowm reason i run this game at like 18-26 fps on low settings even though i have a Nvidia 940m and i5 5200-u  i have tried going into Nvidia control panel and setting it to high perforemance but it still doesnt work can somebody help me PLz
,Recommended,233130,9684658,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,QoMSoL,"Epic jokes, gibs, guns, magic and gallons of blood. Most impressive!You will never regret buying this game!"
,Recommended,233130,25653729,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Ivan Milat's Backpacking Tours,"Buy this game, you weebaboo fuϲk."
76561198094417528,Recommended,233130,7895401,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Gusser5527,"Shadow Warrior is probably the best hack and slash sword game ever! it is really fun to only use your katana, and you have awesome games too. I have not finished the game, i mayu be a bit over half way trougth and i have not found a single bad thing with this game. Ive had one bug , but that one is already fixed. You have spells, guns, and ofcourse the katana. It has an increadibly story( i have seen the end before, it is awesome) Hoji and lo wang has cool jokes, and it is all around a really good game. i dont really like singelplayer game but this is really good. I strongly recomend this game(and now it is even on sale) It is a must own game.something i think they could have done to make it better is to make co-op, but hey i am a coop person and i dont really like singelplayer games, but this one was awesome"
76561198298375197,Recommended,233130,23117136,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Ancestors,I thought I was going to vomit.
,Recommended,233130,28864401,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Twiggily Bits,Unreal !!!!!!! Gas crack
,Recommended,233130,28718392,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,rokerist,This game is funnier than a dead baby in a clown costume
,Recommended,233130,9572400,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,luxatile,"One of the best shooters I've played. It's the kind of FPS that rewards exploration and gives you plenty of options to do things the way you want (although it does introduce new weapons pretty rarely). The katana is a fantastic weapon to use too, it feels super cool, and if you want you can easily play the entire game using nothing but it. Also, the game has a really cool setting coupled with amazingly cheesy dialogue."
,Recommended,233130,10205214,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,DeathWhitch,"This is a propper reboot of an awesome classic. LOVE this game. If the team behind this game can do something with Duke Nukem and get multiplayer down you'll have a blockbuster for sure. even if you haven't played the original shadow warrior (which you totally should by the way its amazing) you should still give this game a go, plenty of blood guts and humor to go around :)"
,Recommended,233130,10064991,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Winterspawn,10/10 must have
76561198024828816,Recommended,233130,12920862,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Umaru,9/10
,Recommended,233130,7567919,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,avanto1st,One of the best first-person shooter I've played ever
,Recommended,233130,13013144,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Uncle Adolf,"I played this game over the course of a few months considering I haven't been gaming that much lately. But today i just sat down and i had to finish it. And boy did it pay off.This game is a much welcomed change of pace from the triple A market today. The lighthearthed, yet dark tone set throughout the game is very well done. The jokes got a smirk or a quick laugh out of me every time. And Hoji is a really awesome character.The gameplay itself is also really tight. Controles are snappy and the range of abilities and weapons at your disposal adds just the right amount of variety to overshadow the somewhat repetitive enemy types.The graphics are this game are really good for a game that didn't have an insane budget. While some of the areas got a little boring after a while, i did play to get 100% so if you are faster than me, it won't be no problemo. Considering the art style for some of the levels are just amazingly well done. Together with the excellent soundtrack, it creates a very moody and engaging atmosphere.This is definitely one of my favourite modern FPS games and it deserves much more recognition than what it currently has. Big recommendation if you like FPS games with a heart or simply wih to chop♥♥♥♥♥♥into pieces."
76561198050510237,Recommended,233130,7922779,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,CybraxHell,Bloody and funny =3
76561197979771370,Recommended,233130,8380663,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,[PCG]^Deflesh,"beautifully done. fun with a sense of humor. though, not the true shadow warrior style. Honestly this game should have been named something else"
,Recommended,233130,9910671,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Encephalon,"Shadow Warrior is a first-person shooter computer game developed by Flying Wild Hog and published by Devolver Digital for the PC. It is a reboot of the 1997 game of the same name developed by 3D Realms.The original Shadow Warrior was made on the Build Engine, which was made popular by the infamous Duke Nukem 3D back in 1997. At that time, it was considered (at least in my opinion)merely a Duke clone with a slightly different Oriental settings peppered with juvenile oriental stereotype types of humor.This remake however is really a whole different ball game. Its funny to see how the long delayed Duke Nukem Forever stumbled and fell flat on it's face in today's world, while Shadow Warrior instead feels very fresh and actually very entertaining.The game is around 15 hours long, with a surprisingly deep and sometimes emotional story. While it will certainly not win any awards for the plot, it definitely adds alot to the overall game.Graphics wise, Shadow Warrior really shines, with beautiful virtual pagodas, pavilions, with shimmering koi ponds accentuated with the smooth swaying of cherry blossoms. The wholegame looks absolutely stunning and is a visual joy.Sound and music are appropriately meaty, with every slice and boom being crisp and clear. Music consists of a mixture of modern Rock with a touch of traditional Japanese instruments and this is especially exhillarating to hear during intense combat situations.The game also includes a level up system of sorts where you will be able to spend points upgrading your character and he definitely gets alot more powerful the more points you spend. Its a pity then however that there is no way to respec the points that are used, so you might want to take note of that.Gameplay wise, the game makes heavy use of Old-School shooter mechanics. Levels are fairly linear and alot of sections will require some backtracking to obtain either a key or to fulfill whichever objectives before a new path will open to you. Despite this, Shadow Warrior never feels too old-school. The level designs are very organically and naturally done and this of course is helped alot by its fantastic visuals as mentioned.Combat feels fast and visceral, but I felt alot of encounters have a very ""Hoard Mode"" feel to them. Most of the time, enemies will charge at you en-masse, and you will do alot of backtracking while simultaneously either shooting them and slicing them with the sword.Speaking of the sword, this has got to be the BEST use of the sword I have ever encountered in a first person shooter. It is powerful, fast and easy to use. In fact, I personally use the sword almost 90% of the time as it really feels very badass to be able to slice and dice thru the enemy.Downsides, I felt that the main bosses while visually very stunning, were very standard affairs. Its the usual ""Shoot at the shining pieces of armor then proceed to shoot the exposed part over and over again."" Every boss has this same mechanic. Some variations would have been welcome.In fact, the hardest enemy I faced in the game were a couple of sub-bosses that charged at you and their only weak spot was a section at their back. The hardest fight has got to be the last big horde at one of the last chapters of the game, where you will face 3 waves of enemies.Overall Rating: 8.0 / 10I certainly enjoyed my time during the game. An excellent reboot and a very triumphant return of Shadow Warrior. This game is how Duke Nukem Forever should have been."
,Recommended,233130,7903284,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,✮Monkey God✮,"The gameplay is fun to play and the graphics is OK.It's fun to hack n' slash the enemy's with the kantana sword from Hotline Miami, but the blood is like ketchup and make's the fun from slicing your enemy's body in half lame pretty quick. The graphics is authentic chinese style.Shadow Warrior is not a ""must buy"" but is worth a couple of bucks, like a 75% discount.I really like the upgrade system and arsenal. Shadow Warrior also have a little sense of ""black humor""3/6* Good upgrade system* Nice arsenal* Breakable stuff!* Hotline Miami kantana!- Lame blod- Boring graphics sometimes- not worth full price- Sword battles could have been better."
76561198071102818,Recommended,233130,14077159,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Ravenstar,cant cut through bamboo with a katana - 0/10can blow up cars with one swing 10/10final result 5/10
,Recommended,233130,8386529,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Specialist Wolf ((RAGE)),"Ok to start off with I was not expecting much but pure fun sword and gun gameplay from this but I was very surprised.  The gameplay is very fun, and never got boring for me, I mean I sat down and played 10 hours straight without stopping.  This game actually has a really awesome story, with a really shocking twist at the end that took me by surprise.  As you play you get different upgrades that you can buy like mods for your guns, new combos for moves like a shockwave move, or different special sword attacks.  Leaving a lot of different choices, in all it took me about 15 hours to fully beat one playthrough on Normal.  I will playthrough this game more, I cannot stress how much I love this game.  It also manages to be very funny, through dialog and other means which made me laugh a lot, and then did a full turn and managed to not break the seriousness when it was needed, making this one of my favorite games of 2013.  Also they have added a Survior mode which is always a nice addition to a game like this.  I highly recommend this game to fans of the first one, along with fans of FPSs even though I wouldnt call it a FPS because I used the sword more than anything else, but hey whatever.  Great game, pick it up sometime if you want some fun gameplay times.  Also their were some tiny bugs, one at the end which made me had to reload to finish the game, but nothing game breaking, and some of the glitches are really funny.  Also beware of rabbits."
,Recommended,233130,7899780,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Yoga expert Tro La Seng,the straights
,Recommended,233130,17600872,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Nick Th3 D4rk On3,HELL YEAH
,Recommended,233130,8488094,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then mineI am Lo Wang and I am the Shadow Warrior, a fantastic game from my favorite company Flying Wild Hog and Devolver Digital. The game's environment is absolute beauty as well as the sword mechanics in this game are fantastic!!! I recommend getting this game to chop up some Shadow Beings!RECOMMENDED :)THEPCGAMER'S BEST GAME IN STEAM LIBRARY! (What's this? :- Like some games get ""Best Game of 2014"" or ""Best Indie Game"", etc... So I have decided to make my own!)"
,Recommended,233130,19542183,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,ThroatRipper666,"""Too much Wang for him"" 10/10Funny cheap Asian accent, bad jokes and brutal slaughter."
,Recommended,233130,19539113,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,♠ DgO ♠,"Throws a shuriken at the car, explodes it.This game mixes sword, guns and blood everywhere you go.1O/1O!"
76561198020317020,Recommended,233130,19570099,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,zebrinho,gut
,Recommended,233130,19472160,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Komandan Sampah™,Sadistic Brutalist Swordplay
76561198012600422,Recommended,233130,19586350,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Vivex,Awesome BLAST from the past!
,Recommended,233130,19480912,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,sleepytom,gorgeous and addictive <310/10
76561198025965154,Recommended,233130,19548817,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Urll Bunyon,One of the coolest games of all time.
,Recommended,233130,19571393,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Seijaku.kun,Bad day at work? Play this game. You won't regret it.
,Recommended,233130,19668179,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,ZoraZ,"Best melee combat in entire FPS history, nuff said."
76561198086567165,Not Recommended,233130,33206594,Posted: 3 July,all,v.dienes,"First of all, I would like to state, that I don't like very much this Steam reviews policy, yes or no, 0 or 1. I believe that it will not give you very precise results about game quality/not quality in the end, even if many reviews are all summed up together.And I have a problem with such reviewing with exactly this game. 0 or 1, yes or no, as I am not clearly inclined to neither 0 or 1 in this case. In the end, I gave the game 'not recommended' as my subjective opinion.I am seasoned gamer. I remember 8bit era, from FPS I remember everything from first Wolfenstein (1992) on PC. Regarding this game, technically: nice gfx, game has good controls, you can enhance your skills while progressing through game, this also work quite well (at least for this 2hours I played a game). Game has its funny moments, fortune cookies were my favourites.But.. it's booring.If you are younger player, I can recommend this game with score about 7/10. Nothing super special, but it works well, from technical perspective, nothing is failing. And if you are younger player which do not have tons of games (especially FPS) played already, I am sure, that this will not be such boring for you, as it was for me, just because of fact you played less games. Nice humour, lot of action, not many games out there, where you can hack'n'slash with your katana, almost without using any other weapons. If you can get this game for a good discount price, it's really ok.But, if you played lots of games already, unfortunately there will be almost nothing, with what this game can attract you. Everything was here already and already in better quality. Few funny moments were not enough to keep me focused on game. I caught myself, how I was swinging with katana through enemies and I was thinking about something else, absolutely not paying attention to a game. One street, enemies, slash slash, then some wood, enemies, slash, slash, then some dialog uncovering some very average unexciting story, again some street slash, slash, etc.. For seasoned FPS players, I can give this game 5 maybe 6/10. All points just for technical side of game, which was without any bugs or flaws.In summary: younger gamers, or gamers which appreciate gory FPS game where you can cut your enemies with katana - recommended. Also if you appreciate watching on ******* bunnies. :)Other gamers - especially seasoned gamers. Not recommended from me. Nothing new, just repetitive slashing with scripted events. One scripted event following another scripted event, tied together with some uninteresting story. At least in my case after 2 hours of gameplay (4 levels), I was not giving a **** to story behind this game, and there was nothing which was driving me to go to another level."
76561198057129173,Recommended,233130,25484031,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Roonjakk,Great stereotypical fps game 9/10
,Recommended,233130,15574085,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,The Impossible Jackal,"""You got the touch!""/10"
76561198042993037,Recommended,233130,26318398,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Evil_Mario,Fun
,Recommended,233130,26311408,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Nakoruruloli,The Legend of Lo Wang started here.
,Recommended,233130,13530169,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Valrion,"There's simply no reason not to buy this game.3 different forms of currency.1. Ki Crystals = Sorcery in a way that makes sense for a samurai/ninja2. Money = Physical Weapon upgrades / world things (arcades)3. Karma = Quality of Life Buffs (A Shield, Running Faster/longer, Find more money/ammo/resistances and more)I prefer to go on a katana rampage (or if you own saints row 3 *i think its 3 anyway* can use the penetrator) to cut people up and if just the kill cut isn't enough for you, you can slice them up into bits.  Every level is loaded with secrets the game WANTS you to explore but of course you don't have too.  I was smiling by the end of the first stage just using the dash mechanic, magic spells and my katana / shurikens.TL;DR you're a wizard/ninja/samurai all in one and you can use guns too. Buy it."
76561198000683794,Recommended,233130,16146179,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,[FE]Dr-Zakoota,this game is NICE !! .. u slash an enemy and he opens in half andblood start to spill !! :D  ...and graphics are gorgeous .. must buy if u like slashing ! !  ..con: start story is not understandable .. u just skip the intro movie !  ..
,Recommended,233130,13277904,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Spork Dude,Surprisingly even better than the old one. Loads of fun so far.
76561198019684910,Recommended,233130,26736770,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Shephf,"I've been replaying one fight for 6th time now all because of a bug in katana hit sequence, it simply freezes and I cannot do anything, I can't hit with katana, I can't change weapon, I can't throw shurikens, etc. The only option is to wait until you get killed and start all over again. It's a great game otherwise, but these bugs should be fixed..."
,Recommended,233130,9630028,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,c-pin,"Absolutely perfect fps.You don't need to have played the original shadow warrior to enjoy this piece of art (but it's free on steam, so why not?)gunplay is amazing, if not a bit unrealistic.swordplay, however... that's amazing.slicing demons and cutting their hearts out of their chests, decapitating giant bulls... bliss.guns are still very usable, espedcially during boss fights, where your katana won't get you very far.graphics are gorgeous, even the pixel art nudes (yes, those exist).multiplayer doesn't exist, so be prepared for a stunning campaign. if you want multiplayer, quake and doom ii are still being played to this day.overall 10/10 this is my absolute favorite fps of all time."
76561197963207023,Recommended,233130,29669033,Posted: 3 February,all,gabcik&kubis,"Good game, worth buying - especially on sale.PlusGood gameplayKatana / melee weapon is usefull through entire game. It even can be used nearly as solo weapon except for few bosses and flying monsters. And swordplay is funjust enough weapons, skills and unique powers. Plus their upgrades and different modessufficient amount of ammo. You have no need to overly conserve ammo for i.e. rocket launcher in expectation of the higher enemies (and than nearly not using it and missing lot of variety in combat). You know, that you will find some and that you can dispatch enemies in more than one way effectivelycars, barrels, air-conditioning modules etc. can be used as ""crowd control"". And they are readilly availableEx mode (playing from start with everything obtained in previous walkthrough)Enemies are not numerous in types but it is OK for me. (still more of variety than ""another bad boys with AK-47"")environment changes enough. Rooms, halls, open spaces etc.Graphics fits my taste. May not work for everyonejokes.storyline. Very good for FPS game.Consyou are somehow stuck into corridor game, although you usually have some space to move around and for tacticsarena fights (door locks and you have to dispatch large amount of enemies before they magically unlocks).couple of cases of the arena fights where there are simply too many demons of different types that negates nearly all your abilities - you hardly can outrun them, kill them fast enough, heel etc. Just you do not have luck and you are cornered without chances - and you have to fight it over and over.Fortunately, there were just a few casessometimes it is not clear, where to go or what to do"
76561198128184243,Recommended,233130,25632266,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,PCR,Lo Wang !
,Recommended,233130,25642523,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,痛み止め,DAS MEH WANG!!!
76561198258543832,Recommended,233130,25582747,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,thots_in_the_sky,i love playign as asians and pretending to guido ♥♥♥♥♥s 10/10
,Recommended,233130,14456762,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,BigNig,gory AF
,Recommended,233130,9052150,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,sync54,this game is good
76561198119105263,Not Recommended,233130,24369238,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Nu3vo #,This Game is a♥♥♥♥♥
76561198180219695,Recommended,233130,23269670,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,LebHleb,"Guide for noobs1If you want from xp to normal or normal to xp version of game well...if you played normal and got to chapter 9 in xp versiou you start from prologue again...weird.prologueGodZilla is asking Lo Wang to get sword himLo Wang Accepts his task while listeng something.Of course Guy hes dealing is idiot who can say no to 2 millionLo Wang cuts his minions in pieces while the guy uses Hoji to...lift you up and see your mind...chapter 1cage10 demonsyou get Hojianother 10 demonsat end 10 humans.forgor everything exept chapter 12,16,1712 you get heavy metal black bunny16 almost imposible♥♥♥♥♥♥17...worst ending in history of video games..."
76561198005407886,Recommended,233130,7892345,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,5c077yz23,This game plays and looks better than the original Shadow Warrior from 1997 to be honest. I love the fact that sword plays a much bigger role in your weapon usage than the original SW. Lots of customization of your player (Lo Wang) like Ki powers and weapon upgrades and attachments.  Did I forget to mention they have the same anime girls taking a bath from the original as well (even in their sprite form too)! The only real negative I could say is I wish there was more places to explore with each level but there are some awesome secrets to be found.I'm giving this game an 9/10.Not bad at all for a reboot!
,Recommended,233130,14577825,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,[Xiaowaz.fr] Wazatiste,"If you're and oldschool player, this game is really for you, up to a 8.5/10.You'll find there a game with waves of monsters slamming at you, secrets hidden everywhere and not simple to find, katana figthing, a nice range of weapons, nice humor with a funny sidekick and easter eggs here and there. The only downside i'd give is sometimes the level design (i've lost myself a few times, not enough to last for hours but enough to bother me) and the lack of necessity for other weapons than the katana for the majority of the game. I know the katana is the main weapons through the perks and powers but still, it's kind of sad.If you're a gamer from the halo generation, this game will bore you or may be too hard for you. You'll give it a 6/10Bonus point: on normal settings, it's less hard than hard reset. If you want to get your butt kicked, go for hard."
,Recommended,233130,13594641,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,EdgeUHF,"Really awesome game. You chop/slice up loads and loads of enemies with a katana sword, and you can use guns/heart as a weapon sometimes; and there are funny one-liner jokes here and there. First thing I would improve upon this game are the enemies..some of which have different abilities like fire or use shields..but tbh their models look ugly/awful and most look the same; there needs to be variety.It was half the price of metal gear rising in a sale(I didn't pick up MGR due to reading reviews people finish it quickly). Shadow Warrior has 17 chapters and would take around 12-15h to complete whereas MGR takes 6 to 9h.I also use an xbox360 gamepad which I love using but the mouse+keyboard felt a bit easier to aim the sword with.I rate it 8/10. Don't pass this one up if you like sword fighting in first person mode.There's also a reference to people who like G1 Transformers (The Movie which has cool songs one of which is):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFz17YDpZW4You got the touch, you got the powerWhen all hell's breakin' looseYou'll be riding the eye of the stormYou got the heart, you got the motionYou know that when things get too toughYou got the touch"
,Recommended,233130,32589606,Posted: 20 June,all,DVT,very fun game
,Recommended,233130,12825251,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Ugly,this game is super weird... I like it.
,Recommended,233130,12815651,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Klashius_SVK,You see Duke nukem forever ??? LOOK !!! This is how it is done... You piece of s...
,Recommended,233130,9641591,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Inhutiful,"I like my demons like I like my coffee, in puddles all over the ground."
,Recommended,233130,22667597,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Bobbe,
,Recommended,233130,29754175,Posted: 6 February,all,Ston3rBon3r,"I got this on sale and it's an absolute steal! This game has it all!Bad♥♥♥♥♥actionGut busting comedyExciting easter eggsGreat replayabilityInteresting storyI've been hooked! It's so good, I decided to buy the second one too! Get this game, man! You won't be dissapointed!"
,Recommended,233130,17479774,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,TOM CRUISE,best fps
76561197976398735,Recommended,233130,33220446,Posted: 4 July,all,Abellius,Who wants some Wang?
,Recommended,233130,33869811,Posted: 28 July,all,halp,"How the hell this game became free, this game has a same price like Shadow Warrior 2, but i get this game while Summer Sale. Like i regret it but.. yeah you know great game"
76561198118181630,Recommended,233130,24622432,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,fglrx,"slaughter demons as a badass.nice rich graphics and consistent well-rounded art style and gameplay.i played it alternating with bioshock infinite, also a linear repetitive shooter (battle, walk/story, battle, repeat) and shadow warrior was way more fun.after finishing the game you can replay while keeping all weapons and skills.paraphrasing what another reviewer wrote: This game is amazing fun. You are missing out if you haven't played through this and enjoy FPS games. It's not that hard, has a fun storyline, doesn't feel ""old"" and it's simply beautiful."
,Recommended,233130,7333655,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,Stormchaser,SERIOUSLY KICK♥♥♥♥♥ WANG STYLE!
,Recommended,233130,8611692,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,TPlaricBlaST,"--=Flashback of those Good Old Time...=--Recommend Rating: 3.5/5Good: Beautiful level design, funny dialogues, best katana game everBad: Repetitive enemies, boring boss fight, gets dull after mid-gameShadow warrior reminds me of the hard old crazy FPS shooters like Painkiller, Duke Nukem. It is a refreshing experience to play this game. This is a very straightforward FPS. It has a very simple plotline, funny dialogues, giant bosses like those in Painkiller. The level design is beautiful, especially in the first part of the game that took place in Japan. The zen-style design is just beautiful. However the next stage in the dock is less amazing to behold, and the place gets boring after some chapters. Other than the level design, the game has a very good melee system - the katana. There are so many ways to fight with a katana in this game, and as game progresses the player will learn more ways to use it. The game has a very simple RPG system, but that simplicty does not make the system dull. You can choose from gaining max HP, higher damage output, better damage endurance or faster movement. These all contribute to your gamestyle. For me, I took the faster movement skills and health regen ability to support my swordfight style.However, the game sometimes gets repetitive. It always trap you in a hall full of monsters and you can't leave until you slaughter them all. Moreover, throughout the game there are only a dozen of different enemies.  Instead of introducing new monsters in later chapters, the game just spams more and more monsters per wave. Although the swordfight is fun, it get boring in the mid-game. The boss fight is not ountstanding either. It always require you to fight with guns, rather than giving you choices in the two. And the boss fight isn't that special or fun to play, they just get more HP and consumes more time.Overall, this is still a good game. Although the game might get kind of repetitive and boring after mid-game. It is still worth your money and your time to play. The katana will not disappoint you, I promise."
,Recommended,233130,13765294,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Willikins,"Note: I have not played the classic Shadow Warrior game, so take my word for what you will.A fantastic old-school style First Person Shooter with it's best bits of gameplay involving hacking enemies to bits with a mythical katana, the Nobisura Kage (No-bit-sura Carg-ay).As Lo Wang (going Bang Bang), you must stop the demons of the Shadow Realm from taking over the world with a variety of weapons and powers at your disposal.There are lots of collectibles to find that allow you to increase the power of weapons and abilities, with easter eggs that reference the original game with primitive looking enviroments and basic lighting, giving the game a high replayability factor and nostalgia for fans of the original.Graphically this game looks great, with rich looking environments and also compliments demons which you have cut down to many pieces.Overall it's a great game that stands out with it's unique melee combat, abilities and a nice story that ties it together into a brilliant package. Provides a good challenge on the highest difficulties."
,Recommended,233130,13506647,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Owen Wilson,MAKOTO CCOYOUR HEAD BELONGS TO ME
,Recommended,233130,11557172,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,I give it a ten out of ten on the Wang-o-Meter.
,Recommended,233130,16783253,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,10/10 on the Wang-O-Meter.
,Recommended,233130,16654995,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Saraph,I thought Lo Wang means Long♥♥♥♥♥♥69/69
,Recommended,233130,13880612,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,cafe con leche,vry good sword game
76561198126437443,Recommended,233130,9389501,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Dixiedevi1,"Fun at first but 7 hours in, it gets kinda meh. At $20 I'd say it's worth it but at $40, I gotta say, no.*edit........and then I played through to the end.The game really picks up after a while. I had a lot more fun in the latter part of the game. I'm changing my recommondation but it still kind of walks the line at 40 bucks."
76561198064663632,Recommended,233130,25731969,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Bomba®,There is gonna be a shadow warrior 2 what are you waiting for buy this one and know the story before you buy SW2 :D
76561198012470895,Recommended,233130,23027406,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Boneless Pizza,Best game on steam!
76561198373848437,Recommended,233130,31848752,Posted: 19 May,all,Masterdnut,Just started playing amazing fun gameplay but the graphics were not as good as I thought.Still a great game and it is really worth its cheap sale price. (:
,Recommended,233130,15926072,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,MinionLuver <3,You got the touch.
,Recommended,233130,15878314,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Flacko,doesnt work on mac :(
76561198038369707,Recommended,233130,15945023,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,360NoScope31!73,Very funny game.
,Recommended,233130,15889487,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Pirate Kitty,Dear Flying Wild Hog.Please keep making first person shooters.
,Recommended,233130,19991644,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Fepe The Prog,I absolutely love this game ! 10/10 - Perfection itself.
,Recommended,233130,22523040,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Joost Buis,"This game is ♥♥♥♥in great , like I couldnt care less about the story , the comabt...oohhhh the combat...its too fun , running around with a huge ♥♥♥♥ off katana slicing up japanses mobsters like you mother ♥♥♥♥ing bride from kill bill ...oaft those films were fan-♥♥♥♥in-tastic , anyways slicing up mobsters , deamons and a variety of ememies this game is worth getting , go buy a record player and get a vinyl disc of stand bushes "" you've got the touch"" on repeat and blast it through your house and you will feel like a crazed samuri/ assasin as you decimate everything in your path , like dont even use the guns coz they're not worth your time , just go katana only coz who doesnt want to see the insides of a huge ♥♥♥♥in space deamon . Easy to run , easy to play , just get your grans old 80's coffee stained pc and just use that , not even your own pc , your ♥♥♥♥in grans coz ♥♥♥♥ the rules . also Vr would be pretty dank for this just dont let any weaboos touch it.10/10 shreck's picking their noses ....oh yea and papa bless"
,Recommended,233130,12929724,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Jean-Baptiste Grenouille,"9/10Great graphics, nice voice acting, good design, fun weapons, lots of enemies, good lenght, a decent background story.If you like FPS, if you like action and humour, just get this game.P.S. With the latest patch (like 1.5), the game finally runs buttery smooth (even in survival with tons of monsters and bosses and flames and explosions everywhere...delightful)...and i have an i5 5490 + R9 270x."
,Recommended,233130,19440277,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,hahabst1025,"don't waste your money to buy COD or Battlefield for single player champgnthis game honestly with violent and humanity, better stage design and battle mechanicsfull of junkie words and dirty scene, 10/10 ever"
,Recommended,233130,28709671,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,hoi_gr,"I heard high praise for Shadow Warrior since its release and always thought it had to be a mixture of nostalgia and the weird FPS /w swordplay fanbase. Boy was I wrong. Shadow Warrior might just be on the top 10 FPS games I've ever played up there with HL2, Bioshock and even Deus Ex.The story starts off cheezy and predictable but by the end the complexity and otherworldy beauty of it got me by surprise. Not only does the story makes sense it is also moving and compeling. You WANT to know what happens next, you WANT to finish the game and reach that cathartic moment of you standing sadly victorious at halls of the gods.The characters are rich and detailed. I genuinly loved the protagonist and sidekick and I was constantly feeling like a badass because for ONCE, you the player is the smart and all-powerful moving force. I am the one double crossing and outsmarting the enemy and with some very small insignificant exceptions there aren't any of the usual FPS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like having to sacrifice yourself or being powerless for 20 minutes. The one liners keep coming and the dialog feels fluid and smartassy at the same time. The other characters have a backstory and emotional depth that makes them feel real despite being gods or all powerful crime lords.The meat of the game however is the gameplay and here the game is miles ahead of the competition. 9 weapons, available fairly soon in the game, combined with Gun, Talent and Skill upgrades makes you feel capable of meeting any challenge is style. And unlike the majority of titles with too many gun options, you'll actually use most in the same fight. The combat mechanics require you to figure out what option you should choose for each situation and by the game's midpoint you'll be switching between guns, sword and magic like a pro. The difficulty scales so beatifully that I rarely got stuck in a fight and the greatest moments are the ones where you are pushed to you limit, making microstrategic decisions on 10 HP which just makes winning all the more satisfying. Special mention goes to the Katana which can be your primary weapon and feels absolutely terrific to use. The swordplay is near perfect with a good mix of special abilities and brutally effective.TLDR; Come for the gun/swordplay and cheezy oneliners, stay for the rich story and characters. 10/10 would Wang again."
,Recommended,233130,24769671,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,King Murdoc Lord of the squishy,Action and Comedy in a video is always a good mixture most times. these are one of those times.
,Recommended,233130,27457246,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,E=mcTHOT,A LOT OF BODY PARTS
,Recommended,233130,22847908,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,NEON,Pros- Rabbits Humping- Wang- Bang- Another Wang- Racist joke- GORE!!!!!- Fortune cookiesCons- Poor level design- Horde of suicide monster- I HATE PUZZLE !!!F*** the rain-Hoji
,Recommended,233130,23014366,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,JayDee,"This game taught me a valuable lesson: The game isn't always like the demo.I found this game's demo to perform poorly, move choppily, and generally feel kinda lame. The actual game seems to perform much better, feel smoother, and function quite well. While the gunplay isn't much of anything to write home about, the melee combat is a BLAST. This is truly a game where you can properly slice and dice your foes.On top of having really fun gameplay, the game has a main character that I personally find very amusing, as well as a companion character that breathes a lot of life into the game's narrative. Regardless of the over-the-top gory gameplay, the storyline is actually a really sweet one that may bring tears to the eyes of the sensitive. The game also includes an arena-style, wave-based survival mode that is actually a lot of fun to play on occasion. This game doesn't have replay value to the point of players clocking hundreds of hours in a relatively short amount of time, but its sheer feel-good quality is enough in itself to make this game worthy of inclusion in any fps fan's library."
,Recommended,233130,31849534,Posted: 19 May,all,X-Factor,"Amazing game, totally recommended"
,Recommended,233130,31849027,Posted: 19 May,all,thundergodtoni,It's a good game. I shed a tear at the end.8/10
76561198071342069,Recommended,233130,31847585,Posted: 19 May,all,Krear,It's some good♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,233130,14925006,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,EzyPzyJapaneze,"A great game and certainly a worthy remake of the original, the graphics and art direction is stunning, the combat is fierece , mainly the sword combat is executed flawlesly and the gunplay is extreme fun too. Lo Wang is one bad♥♥♥♥♥action game hero and his pal hoji suits him like a glove, their constant chatter between these two is quirky and sometimes very funny. The story is suprisingly well written and well executed aswell, it makes sense and it's one of the many surprises this game gave me when I finished it. The music is extraordinary, the soundtrack is breathtaking and overall the game was worth every euro I spent on it, shame there was no collectors edition with nobitsura kage replica, but oh well :) What can you do. It is an awesome fps game with a touching story and incredibly fun gunplay and well written dialogues10/10"
,Recommended,233130,26017184,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Richard Rear,Sweet.
,Recommended,233130,26847400,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Krapni,This game has a good story and the gameplay its also cool.
,Recommended,233130,29986537,Posted: 17 February,all,临江仙,可以
76561198321539100,Recommended,233130,29995268,Posted: 17 February,all,castawaycrew420,"Sweet digs, I give this a 9 on the wang o meter"
,Recommended,233130,23131622,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,ุ,Great game !
76561198070608505,Recommended,233130,18226437,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,DukeNukem1991,kudos to the devs! The game speaks for itself. 10/10
,Recommended,233130,8267501,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Shamanik,"Hellz yeah! I didn't expect this game to be THIS good. Weapons are beefy, katana gameplay feels great. Screw McDonald's, this is what I'm lovin'."
,Recommended,233130,8995777,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Muldjord,"This game suprised me on many levels. I was expecting a tongue-in-cheek straight-forward firstperson swordslashing game. What I got what exactly that plus so much more.The story of the game was a lot deeper than I thought and very well implemented. The levels are diverse and interesting. The enemies are varied beyond what I've seen in a game for years.The mechanics are absolutely superb! Swordslashing is incredibly satisfying and using the varied arsenal of weapons never gets old. On top of that there's a detailed powerup system in place that ensures that gameplay never gets stale. There's always this new ability you want to try out.On top of that the game is also visually stunning. The cutscenes are fantastic and the level design, although quite arena based, never ceased to amaze me. Without giving anything away, I can tell you that this game takes place in more worlds than one.I never played the old Shadow Warrior much, but on its own, this game is an absolute must-buy."
,Recommended,233130,12825783,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Tails' Cash Explosion,"""I give it a seven on the Wang-o-Meter"" - Lo Wang"
,Recommended,233130,33209958,Posted: 3 July,all,Squish,GG
,Recommended,233130,22822207,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,(RR)Chuck Morris,This game uses brutality and crass humor in the start to unsuspecticly draw the crowd into what turns into a very moving and mature storyline. It is not until the last couple hours that you begin to appreciate the setup that has occourred and it ends in an absolutely perfect manner.
,Recommended,233130,22820766,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Mryayayify,Funtastic.11/10
,Recommended,233130,13913537,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Boltergeist,"Bwhahaha hahaha hahaha *repeat insane laughing giggling for entire play time*Anyone enjoying pure trash, pun's and one liner spouting self styled ""super hero's"" this is the game for you."
,Recommended,233130,7482232,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,123,eig ganz lustig ^^
,Recommended,233130,24535318,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Quarennc,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME. You can cut them with katana or hunt them down with pistols. Many skills, very rewarding game. I'm sad because you can play only for a while with fully completed Nobisura Cage. I'm waiting for the sequel. 11/10 would mow aliens again."
76561197960281423,Recommended,233130,24548351,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,_W@LKER_,"Shadow Warrior is a good entertainment product, with some over the top action and your katana taking you on a crazied adventure in the fictional Japan, i gave it an 8/10. Shadow Warrior 2 will be released towards the end of 2016 no confirmed price at this stage."
,Recommended,233130,22825652,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Beef Kaker,CHOP PEOPLE UP! SHOOT THINGS! INWARDLY CRINGE AT SOMETHING KIND OF RACIST! SHOOT MORE THINGS!
76561198285103980,Recommended,233130,31873058,Posted: 20 May,all,Nud,gr8 game
,Recommended,233130,32946741,Posted: 28 June,all,D0cT3r,It's Awesome Game!
,Recommended,233130,32921366,Posted: 28 June,all,"Ez game,Ez life",bloody hell...
,Recommended,233130,26053590,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Kurosorλ,"A game that you can't really enjoy if you're too serious. This hidden gem is worth all the big hits. The graphisms are beautiful, in harmony with the color scheme that gives a special soul to the game. The gameplay is one of the most enjoyable about me, especially with the katana. The story is not that rich, but you'll alway enjoy the jokes of the protagonist,10/10 would want some Wang!"
,Not Recommended,233130,23524145,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Ganso,"It seems this game is built around humor, but to me at least, it was not funny. It has lots and lots of secrets that you have to look for in order to get points to upgrade your character abilities, but I did not find the abilities interesting. I wish it was a simpler linear shooter like Doom, to me the classic Shadow Warrior was better."
,Recommended,233130,27827436,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,« ☁Consistency☁ »,"First, for this review, i'll start with the pros.- This game is a VERY VERY beautiful game, you can run it in low graphics (I have it in ultra) and get amazing looks.- The game's characters are hilarious and you will never get bored of them.- The actual mechanics of the game are easy to learn and will actually help you along the way if you learn them.Now the cons.- The price range is absolutely ridiculous. At the cost of 39.99, you might as well buy Shadow Warrior 2, which is litterally the same cost AND a better game.- Not enough gameplay kappa."
76561198010090170,Recommended,233130,16801844,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Antiks,As good a remake of the old run ang gun genre as we are going to get these days. The humor is cleaned up a bit from the original.
,Recommended,233130,17920754,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Midnight,
76561198065821778,Recommended,233130,34422538,Posted: 22 August,all,The GiGa Muff,"This Game is 10x better than shadow warrior 2. Buy this game, you wont regret it."
,Recommended,233130,34426927,Posted: 22 August,all,[TSF] Mason (lynnette),could have connnected the story line a bit.like the guy you play as now as Lo Wang's son or something. the guy in the classic was like in his late 50sother then that. amazing game!
,Recommended,233130,34428768,Posted: 22 August,all,Fleanis,Ninja stuff? ✓Huge guns? ✓Killing demons? ✓Skill tree? ✓Pee pee jokes? ✓
76561198027018482,Recommended,233130,34115387,Posted: 8 August,all,jesternario,An excellent game with a great sense of pop-culture and black humor. A worthwhile addition to any FPS fan's collection.
76561197970765755,Recommended,233130,34336916,Posted: 18 August,all,dp.Rocco.50Cal,"Beautiful, but feels......like the original too much. = small and linear.otherwise it is loads of fun and funny."
,Recommended,233130,34265075,Posted: 15 August,all,_7,"This is a really fantastic game- but it's not a forty dollar game. That's the best I can tell you. BUY IT; No doubt about that- you ought to buy it. But buy it at 50% off, like I did.Shoot these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
76561198047378868,Recommended,233130,34365699,Posted: 19 August,all,promega,"If you're > 30yo, you'll feel the nostalgia of blood, duke3d, the original shadow warrior - shooters in that vein.Add to that, modern graphics and some pseudo arpg aspects (skills, powers, passives) and you have a pretty damn good game. Runs amazing on linux."
,Recommended,233130,34420464,Posted: 22 August,all,Demilich_CZ,"It's fun. Well, not like the old one, but still, it's good and worth the money when in serious discount. You don't need to think during this game or remember any plot or quest details, no sir. You just go forward and shoot and slash and boom = fun. Even when you have like 20 minutes to play that day, you run this game and shoot - no problem."
76561198282238385,Recommended,233130,34424405,Posted: 22 August,all,Green Guy,Yall should pick this before playing shadow warrior 2(which is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing)
,Recommended,233130,34420470,Posted: 22 August,all,Yeti,"HIlarious game. Combat is fun, if slightly repetitive at times. The dialogue is corny as could be but still funny. It;s just a goofy, fun game."
76561198071697160,Recommended,233130,34430084,Posted: 22 August,all,Deckard,"If you like pure frenzy FPS combat, a sense of humor steeped in 80s action and enough gore to make Duke blush, then this is a game for you. Or just come and play it for a fun 8-10 hour game that is a solid single player FPS entry. Either way, if you choose not to check it out, you'll be missing something that is genuinely fun."
,Recommended,233130,34426976,Posted: 22 August,all,Spider,quite similar to Painkiller and Serious Sam in motion and fluidity of combat. More melee focused however with multiple melee weapons at your disposal. This is meant to be fast paced like Quake.
,Recommended,233130,7295629,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Mr Saint,"Юмор, экшен, великолепный дизайн уровней, графика - всё на высоте. Рекомендую, давно такого не выходило."
76561198010944297,Recommended,233130,10087736,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,SwatKat1-Sukshinder ShindaHMC,"An exceptionally Story.It's like a movie,even better.I'm glad i bought it.Congratulations to all the people who made this story come to life.Superbe Graphics followed by an excelent gameplay experience.You did History !!!!"
,Recommended,233130,24905274,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,✯UncomfortableKing✯,Rich Chigga Simulator
,Recommended,233130,11026783,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,chris,"DARK game kinda like zombie's an you the ninja with samuri sword, machine gun , crossbows etcim playing easy mode think there 4 levels of difficulty an find som of Bosses hardGREAT GRAPHICS AND ENGINE FUNNY STORYLINERABBITS FCKIN,THEN DARK RABBITS APPEAR WHEN YOU KILL WHIT ONES WTF   ????"
76561198092469315,Recommended,233130,21396360,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Diary of a Pimpy Kid,UNDERATED AS HELL 8/10 u slice everything and it feels so good
,Recommended,233130,17093871,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,VenomCLC,"The devs just got in my ""Guys that make awesome games"" list. Looking forward for the next game!"
76561198200300258,Recommended,233130,17691611,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Thomas the WANK engine,One word: AWESOME :OOOOO
76561197978638751,Recommended,233130,20875536,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,era,"Funniest shooter since Duke Nukem 3D!Pro tip: If you have been looking for a good Star Wars game, feel like a mighty jedi (and don't really care much about the Story or the glowing sword) you should try Shadow Warrior. It's by far the best sword swinging and ""force"" using game I have played.So if you ever wanted to ""put the♥♥♥♥♥in mass murderer"", play this game and enjoy :)"
,Recommended,233130,21273073,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Arthax,Wow what a game! Great story and characters! Just don't fock with rabbits and you're good.
,Recommended,233130,21414704,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Demicore,"GREAT game, gunplay / swordplay are fun, longevity is nice compared to a lot of modern games (took me 21 hours to finish on Hard difficulty), graphics are fairly amazing and the game runs flawlessly with almost everything maxed out on my mid-range rig (i5 3570k, r7 265, 8gb ram). I'm quite picky when it comes to FPS, I'd rather sacrifice any amount of graphical fidelity to get a game to run smoothly, but it wasn't necessary for this one.Heartily recommended."
,Recommended,233130,21479000,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ShXIII,"Finished this at 12 hours, awesome old school shooter. Not much to say except if you like old school FPS games you will like this. Ran great, has all the PC bells and whistles, the graphics are really good and I only had a few FPS drops running everything on ultra. The secrets were fun to find as well. I definitely recommend this one."
76561198008145356,Recommended,233130,21543733,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Skeetr72,Better than Duke Nukem Forever
,Recommended,233130,21589884,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Maxzloch,"Very fun callback to shooters of yesteryear, with tight humor, gameplay, and satisfying melee combat, though the packing can feel a bit slow later on in the game."
76561198202622737,Recommended,233130,17065620,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,zombiemilk,Fast paced blood filled fun!!! Best fps shooter/hack and slash i have ever played!!!
,Recommended,233130,17077932,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,JohnGalt,Probally the best FPS I've played since Doom3.+ great enviroments+ great (hilarious) dialogue+ great selection of weapons/upgrades+ good variety on enemies and bosses+ excellent sword and gunplay mechanics+ easter eggs+ performance
76561198073748794,Recommended,233130,17715914,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Cocokiller,This Game is AWESOME!
,Recommended,233130,17729142,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Mofobian,"I would recommend this game because it is a blast, but typically I play all of my games on their highest difficulty. The unfortunate fate of Shadow Warrior on Insane is that the gameplay becomes tedious, or bland and repetitive. I suppose in most instances games are repetitive, but there are plenty of functional mechanics to make combat dynaminc in this particular title. On Insane all you need to do is keep dashing and charging your primary sword attack.Apart from that, the game is incredibly fun and the humor is well done. I heard that it is less linear on Heroic Mode but unfortunately it doesn't continue from where you left off if you had beat it on Insane already. Which is kind of necessary to complete certain achievements, so to knock out a few of them I simply started another game on Insane in Ex Mode, which carries your previous games progress over.I have high hopes for the sequel and cooperative play."
,Recommended,233130,21325956,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Mutilate,"This game will surprise you, has an extremely strong start that only gets better as you slash your way through who-knows-what. Definately a reboot that won't make you groan.Plus the game starts off withStan Bushand a kickin'Fairlady Zso c'mon."
,Recommended,233130,21356922,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,SWTOROF2099,"""Chopin' dudes to bits again"". ""Who wants some Wang""?"
76561198035885265,Recommended,233130,21374725,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Catazxy,Badass katana combat! 8.7/10
,Recommended,233130,21492449,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,IMMA BOUT TO HIT THE YE BUTTON,"Overall, this is an entertaining FPS. The unlockable abilities spice up the combat so it isn't too dull, and the katana is implemented in a surpsingly effective way. Characters are entertaining, maybe not unique, but funny and good for a laugh, and you won't care all that much because you'll be slaying hordes of demons like a badass. Boss battles do tend to drag a lot though, and they're my least favorite part of the game. You can get past this though.If you just want a new FPS with a decent story and unique combat system that makes you feel badass as you kill demons, this is a game for you. Maybe you might want to wait until Shadow Warrior 2 comes out, but this first entry of the series is still good fun."
76561198106079430,Recommended,233130,21590227,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Yung Moolah Babe,"so first of all....samurai swords!!second,LO WANG!!Third,f*cking some asses up!!fourth,many variety of weapons and very nice story with some good voice acting!buy it.its worth!and dont forget shadow warrior 2 inc soon !! :D10/10"
,Recommended,233130,17671859,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Bikerchain,Great game would highly recommend! Can't wait for the 2nd :D
76561198006838718,Recommended,233130,17704083,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,JTT Sybreed,"I recently just finished shadow warrior after 4 to 5 days of playing and  although I was satisfied with the game and would reccomend to most who like the old style shooters. I would not reccomend playing it on the higher difficulty of the game Insane or Heroic due to the fact that it just makes most greater demons and bosses more of an annoyance than an actual challenge or enjoyable at that. My one true gripe about this game would have to be the hitboxes on enemy's, and Zill is a complete waste of time due to his mechanics he's not hard and his regen ability makes you fight him about 2 or 3 times before you can actually kill him I was annoyed the first time you fought him and when I had to fight him again I almost gave up on the game itself I started this game on Insane so that could have been why he took forever so like I previously stated I would play this on lower difficutly's to enjoy this game. On a positive note I enjoyed fighting all the lesser demons Alot of the fortune cookies were amazing the swordplay was a lot of fun and the story was great I hope most of this will be fixed in number 2 and will be looking forward to the next chapter"
,Recommended,233130,17700776,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Red_Devil,Best FPS I've ever played.  I will pre-order Shadow Warrior 2 instead of getting Battlefront 3.
,Recommended,233130,20152289,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Sogen,♥♥♥♥ing awesome
76561197996826746,Recommended,233130,21227537,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Fireprowler,"Old school FPS fun, with decent level design and a good variety of enemy types and weapons.All in all, more than enough Wang for your buck."
76561198274502314,Recommended,233130,21552760,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Vanilla,Loved every bit of it. Battle is just a joy to play with all kinds of crazy upgrades to weapons. Good storyline as well.
76561197978786811,Recommended,233130,17005234,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,triumph,"Looks fantastic, feels fantastic, nuff said."
,Recommended,233130,17020947,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Dr Jerkit,AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198048567555,Recommended,233130,18825339,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Bluemoon,"Fantastic reinvisioning of the 90s FPS!  Katana moves are relatively intuitive and badass.  Lo Wang's character and the demonic satire work really well for a fun experience.  The RPG elements are a nice surprise, as is the monetary system for weapon upgrades.  If you're looking for a classic FPS experience, including secret hunting and classic weaponry well done... then look no further than Shadow Warrior.  PS the plot is surprisingly well executed, in a Anthony Burch-ish way."
,Recommended,233130,21284300,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,.:|JYD|XO|:.YingDawg,"If you've ever dreamed of running around as a ninja, hacking and slashing demons from hell, then this is your game. I've been countless hours into this game and it hasn't reached the point of being boring. The story line is outstanding and the amount of violence, action and blood, really ties the game together. If you're looking for a FPS (first person shoorter/slasher) then you have to pick up this game.  A lot of extras to collect, amazing tree effects and weaponry beyound belief."
,Recommended,233130,21330413,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Nocturnal Animal,"Mhm , its a nice game , but just 1 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ advice :You Should never , and i mean never ,♥♥♥♥♥off with rabbits x( !"
,Recommended,233130,17055598,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,iNinjaSpeed,"Pretty badass. My favorite part was the splitting of bodies, oh and the blood."
,Recommended,233130,17688089,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Chainsaw Reaper,Overall a good game.
,Recommended,233130,17037996,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Deadly Kitten,pretty good.
76561197987675785,Recommended,233130,17682723,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,fregta,Would kill everything that moves again 10/10More oldschool than the 90's!
76561198079319534,Recommended,233130,17704288,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,sparticus414,"OMG this game is so much fun.  I don't remember the last time I've enjoyed a FPS this much.  Great storyline, funny as hell, gameplay is really great."
76561198155812947,Recommended,233130,21394050,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Dakoltrain,Realistic bed physics 10/10
,Recommended,233130,21647556,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,MeeMéy,"*Looks at store* ""Its a comedy action gore game"" *Emptys wallet*"
76561198006442199,Recommended,233130,17731621,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Xar99,"I was pleasantly surprised by this one... the voice acting was cheesy, but all in all it was a really solid game. Good shooter, and I feel like they succeeded at the rarely-achieved enjoyable FPS melee. Didn't know about it when it was new, but totally worth picking up now if haven't already."
76561198019319990,Recommended,233130,20101215,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Admard,Any game that opens with Stan Bush’s “The Touch” is off to a good start.  The game that follows the extremely well done opening is a well-made love letter to 90’s first person shooters.  The campaign is meaty and substantial with a liberal helping of humor and some Big Trouble in Little China flavoring.  I fully recommend it.
76561198141285686,Recommended,233130,24015815,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,HeartPurity,"This game is interesting. The graphic is nice and the skills tree is unique. I like the setting of the game in a mysterious eastern culture. Everyone should try it. The only flaw so far I find is the camera zooming too close and may bring nausea after playing for an hour but that may due to i am not used to the game yet. Wishing there is an option to switch to 3rd person POV. Overall, this is a highly recommended game for rpg gamers."
,Recommended,233130,9268327,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,FatherMiso,First level was breath taking. I love all the temples and the Japanese gardens.But what soft of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thinks lets start there. Then we will go into sewers and look at the same rusty platforms and industrial building you see in every other ♥♥♥♥ing game.Push through it because there is some real gems in this game. Once at the back end was brilliant again.
,Recommended,233130,22683442,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Kona,"Like with The Darkness II, it has nice gameplay, pretty graphics and great gore.Would recommend."
76561198158171462,Recommended,233130,18138610,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Dick_Kickem,Great game wish I finished it.Update fellasIt outstayed its welcome.
76561198008092247,Recommended,233130,18210812,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,calebfagundes,Awesome!!!
,Recommended,233130,8362750,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Solid Lore,"A great homage to the original Shadow Warrior and the excessive fun gunplay we used to have in video games. Features hilarious dialogue, interesting storyline, great progression in terms of weapons, skills and enemies along the story. Solid amount of gameplay hours (~ 11 )and the sword combat never gets boring. Played the game on the second highest difficulty and found it provided a fun and yet challenging experience. The game is just plain ♥♥♥♥ing awesome! You won't be disappointed!"
,Recommended,233130,8816646,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Annie T. Mood,"The atmosphere in emotion is incosistent and I figured it would be a more action-comedy type game but unfortunately a lot of the humor's gone from the original and it's taken a little more of a somewhat serious tone. I suppose reboots will do that.It's still overall badass and you'll feel more so with the sword. Seriously. Sword's badass here.Difficulties, I think beyond Normal, are more tedious than just plain difficult since killing things takes far longer than it is to stay alive easily once you get the hang of surviving."
,Recommended,233130,13506095,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Elfbarf,b+ fun video game
76561198006219586,Recommended,233130,13527134,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Washcloth Repairman,"Do you hate CoD? Do you loathe health regenerating military shooters? Buy this.One of the best FPSs in a long time. It's more Duke Nukem than Duke Nukem Forever.Shadow Warrior is fun, has no limit on the number of weapons you can carry, and doesn't have ♥♥♥♥♥ regenerating health. The story is actually pretty good and it's genuinely funny!  The combat is brutal, the gore over the top. Put simply, Shadow Warrior is fun as hell."
,Recommended,233130,22826619,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,orionAD6,"This is an amazing game with incredibly fun sword play, very good gun play, epic magic and a badass storyHoweverSPOILEROk i will just warn people this game is a tragedy, it’s a beautiful one that is amazingly fun to play, had good jokes thought and it’s wonderfully written but by the end of the game everyone your care about had died and the world is doomedJust a warning, I hate tragedies but this game is really wonderful regardless so I still recommend you buy it"
76561198028831775,Recommended,233130,28017690,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Default God,Hacking demons to shreads couldn't be more enjoyable.
76561198031489939,Recommended,233130,23091238,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,hellfire37,"this game is very good, 3 upgrade paths (weapons, skills, powers) and really fun combat.the enemies need some more variaty towards the end though and the boss battles are horribly boring. but the game over all is great."
76561198009698621,Recommended,233130,18751783,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Bosk,If you buy this get ready for some serious fun!
,Recommended,233130,20528419,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,drone375,"Really great plug and play FPS! Loads of action with some RPG aspects. Upgrade weapons and climb the skill tree of your choice. As well as these new features and a great new look the game has stuck true to what made the original great... EASTER EGGS!! Yes naked anime girls and hidden areas to find! If you loved the original or just like straight forward, action packed FPS games this one is for you! I love this game and I hope you do too! :)"
76561198009357590,Recommended,233130,21221935,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Sandmaster,"A sweet mindless shooter with enough homage moments to keep even the most diehard of fans satisfied, while still being a fresh introduction to the series, dialogue was both appropriate and well done, and while the engine used seems to be 2007 rather than 2015 it performs quite well for the task it was assigned. the story was also something of a suprise, in that there actually was a cohesive one, that also had some emotional depth to it. all in all a pleasant suprise!"
,Recommended,233130,21329912,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Alexander,"recommend this game? hell yes. not too fond of hack and slash but this game is really different. I enjoy fighting the demons in this game,"
,Recommended,233130,21364131,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,gEnerIc,WHO WANTS SOME WANG!
,Recommended,233130,17045116,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,alexlucibello,"[ENG] This game was very amazing, it requires a good pc and i'm lucky i could play it with minimum settings. It has an awesome gameplay, an awesome graphic, a cool story and good characters. Bought during steam sales for 3,74 EUR and it's TOTALLY worth it!Ps: The shadow realm maps are ALL beautiful!!![ITA] Questo gioco è stato veramente fantastico, richiede un pc potente ma sono stato fortunato a giocarci con i settaggi minimi. Ha un gameplay spettacolare, una grafica molto curata, una storyline ben fatta e personaggi simpatici.Comprato per 3,74 euro e questo titolo ne vale molti di più!Ps: Le mappe del regno delle ombre sono un qualcosa di spettacolare!!!*SPOILER*R.I.P. Hoji :'("
,Recommended,233130,17652337,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Joral,This game is friggin awesome!. One of the best combat techniques in a game.
76561198226865976,Recommended,233130,17702564,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,The Rekless Alpha,so damn laggy on my computer other than that the game is pretty good bloody but good i actually enjoy the different cambination of powers and weapons hope you enjoy it
76561198092685601,Recommended,233130,21002512,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,[Gen]Parawozzz,i saw 2 rabbits♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥each other .... lol
76561197990144710,Recommended,233130,21645064,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,DyslexicAnaboko,"This game was ridiculously fun. I am not going to say I was very good at it, but I didn't care because I was having too much fun using that sword. Not very many games in my opinion really encourage that you use Melee weapons - this one is mostly about you using your sword. There are a good set of weapons with over the top upgrades and things like demon hearts or heads that you can use to your advantage. I never played the original game, but this made a huge impression on me, I can't wait for number 2 to come out some time. Lastly the jokes that Lo Wang makes are funny, mostly cheesy humor, but still funny. This is a no brainer, buy this game you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,233130,17053260,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,MS NANCY,I give it a 10 on the wang-o-meter
76561198087141622,Recommended,233130,17702357,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,B1ackS1n,You mess with da bull.....you get the Wang!
,Recommended,233130,17728577,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Gufumpsie,Mess with the bull and you get the Wang
,Recommended,233130,18632844,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,REDBEARD,"Seems like Flying Hog was just pumping out shooters in this time frame so it's not all that unique but still overall not a bad game...the spells and katana fighting definitely set it apart from your average FPS.  It suffers from some crappy level design. In some places I found myself stuck with no indication of where to go and backtracking for 10+ minutes, which gets frustrating.  The arena combat can get hairy but really fun, especially towards the end of the game...exposions and body parts flying everywhere.  It plays like a trimmed down painkiller or serous sam but focused more on melee combat.  It doesn't have much to do with the original game, more like a reboot but I'd still reccomend it. Try and get it in the $10 price range and you will not be disapointed."
,Recommended,233130,20670217,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Tokyo Anarchist,one of the best fps game i have ever played. it is in my top 3
76561198004685771,Recommended,233130,20810453,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Dunamis Man,How a FPS should be!
76561198139146780,Recommended,233130,21381976,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Alexgoodwill,His name is Lo Wang and he goes bang bang
,Recommended,233130,21596638,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,MASTER___WILL,hilarious! amazing game but the levels are decently long.10/10
,Recommended,233130,17037803,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,"Fidel Castro, Kung Fu Master","One of the best FPS games I've ever played. Each gun is unique and fun to use, but what really shines here is the swordplay. This is one FPS that does meele combat right. You can upgrade the sword to do different ""Ki moves"" that are easy to remember and are extremely helpful when fighting groups of enemies (which you will be doing a hell of a lot). This is an old school shooter through and through. This means no regenerating health, actual DIFFICULTY, and areas that you are free to roam around and find secrets. Also, just like all the great old school FPS games, it doesn't take itself too seriously. The dialouge between Lo Wang (the player) and his demon companion Hoji is always fun to listen to. The art style is awesome too, I love the oriental asthetic. I definitely give this game a 9.5/10 rating, half a point off because Chapter 12 had some sinfully bad gameplay decisions in the second half (Anyone who's played that far knows what I mean)."
,Recommended,233130,17675078,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Pinokul,A very good game.It's like Serious Sam but with more blood and interesting action.
,Recommended,233130,34265770,Posted: 15 August,all,Spooderman,"As a fan of the original, I didn't expect how good this will be. A must for FPS fans.Bravo, devs!"
76561198123553902,Recommended,233130,34328634,Posted: 18 August,all,<{ MisterCaptainDerpy }>,"GG, Well played"
,Recommended,233130,20025462,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sacred Penguin,"Got killed by Demonic Bunny,Loads of Gore,Funny Dialogue.Would recommend 10/10Watch out for humping rabbits"
,Recommended,233130,26928428,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TacticPanda,Awesome Game with a good story
76561198073080196,Recommended,233130,27222217,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,$imme,nice game
,Recommended,233130,33785734,Posted: 25 July,all,OnyxNOeSIS,Is there any one want this game from me with like 6$ worth CSGO skin i have 1 extra steam key not a scam i will give your skin back if the key does't work
76561197998879834,Recommended,233130,9151406,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,FieldmarshalQ,Shadow Warrior is an absolutely surprising game. I thought I was just getting visceral combat and awesome physics...but also received a decent story with some pretty great characters. This was actually a really good remake of a 90s classic. I'm still having feels from this game. A lot of feels.
76561198025360643,Recommended,233130,22883119,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,West African Shia Labeouf,So much wang.
76561197967643963,Recommended,233130,19627314,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,K. Penney,"To be fair, I bought this game when its price was slashed so lo there was no possible wang I could go wong.I played a lot of Shadow Warrior when it was released and even years later. I was a huge fan of the slice and dicing of the Katana back then for being as innovative as it was, and I will say at least that part holds up in this reboot, hands down no better action-katana uzi packed pun filled game out there compares.The game's environments are luscious and ripe, not very complicated level design but very pretty aesthetically, enough variety in paths and directions, clues and items you need to hunt down to always keep you entertained and not bored of the scenary and what you're trying to navigate thru.Upgrades for weapons, a large collection of skill and special trees are all also awarded to you threwout the campaign, sort of like the farcry 3/4 system of Agressive/Defensive or Elephant and Tiger perk advancements, except the trees in this game I feel are a bit bigger/deeper then those games. You don't need to 'turn in' to redeem your level ups/upgrade guns/special upgrades either, just open a menu.I've only played up to Chapter 3, but all things considered; This is a pretty skill based shooter in my opinion, lots of fast action going on, 360 spins, dashing back and forth, left to right, dodging and some times pary other sword users, some times it gives you a bit more leeway then other times and unbalances a bit of your streaks, but its still minor considering how much blood paints the walls, I find that enough reward for a true reboot.Cons: (so far into chapter 3)-Guns feel a bit lacking at first, upgrades are avialable but I find myself always going back to the Katana :3-The Ai can get a little 'slow' if you're moving too fast it almost seems, for a straight boar shooter you pretty much get what you need, though they just feel a bit easy at times right out of the gate on hard- and I haven't even played a game like this in ages!-The story is not award winning, theres simply enough there to keep you wondering, fed to you at a decent rate with some pretty out of left field humor.-There almost isn't enough action / enemies per square foot of the game.-Guy's I admit I have a bias already for this, it's a good game to me and I'm grasping for straws for cons, I just don't know if you want to spend 40 bucks on tunnel shooters in this day in age. If you are looking for a good reboot to the best Duke3D clone, then this is worth it."
,Recommended,233130,23969762,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,W.A. the Anum,"The ""Old-School"" feeling of the Original and old shooters (Like Duke Nukem, Turok & Doom) is really great in this game. It looks really really nice and plays really smooth. I really enjoy Shadow Warrior so far since i liked the original too. If you like old school shooters in this new age of gaming, this is your game.Btw: it has Pixel boobs..."
,Recommended,233130,31784336,Posted: 16 May,all,mbohun,10/10; very polished.
,Recommended,233130,13194362,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Salvo Wolf,You Got the Touch!50/10
,Recommended,233130,7919753,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,شيل مجانا,"Damn son, this is pretty fun."
76561198073391693,Recommended,233130,20777914,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Donald John Trump,"Does a great job of emulating the style of old shooters like Doom, or indeed the original Shadow Warrior. Fast paced, fast moving action with a lot of monsters and guns. The story is charming and funny, and the gameplay is very fun, if you're a fan of the old shooter style."
,Recommended,233130,29938714,Posted: 15 February,all,AldrickExGladius,"OMG YES!!!! Love this game. Gory, action packed humor. Long live Wang!!"
76561197979261882,Recommended,233130,35174663,Posted: 24 September,all,Snuttfisen,"How about some male genetalia pronounced with a bad Chinese accent??Boring backstoryBack in 1999 my friend who wasn´t a gamer asked me about a nice video game.I took him to my towns local video game store and we poked around. And so I found Shadow Warrior. And I told him thatthis is the same guys who worked on Duke Nukem. Naturally he knew about Duke and bought Shadow Warrior!We came home to his parents and started to install the game, and when the hour of installation had passed we fired the game up!We had a blast and thought Lo Wang was fun guy with a lot of wierd references that we couldn´t possibly begin to understand.However, there was one problem with this, we were about 11 years old and should probably not play this game.Now, I had the Demo of duke nukem 3D at home, and it was censured by a friends dad the computer wizard at that time.My friends dad came in to the room an looked at what we played and he gotFURIOUS!!!!Never had he seen as much blood and gore and FIRING GUNS? Well he told us to go back to the video game store and get rid of said game.Naturally I got the most blame since his dad knew that my friend wasn´t all that into video games but I was.Things were wierd for a while, Half Life came and I forgot all about Shadow Warrior and Lo Wang.untill...Shadow Warrior 2013This reimagining or reboot about how Lo Wang quit his job at Zilla Corporation totally missed my head until two years ago, I was surprised but thought the game looked nothing like the original and was off put by it.I was wrong, luckily though. This game wont let you down as Duke Nukem Forever may have done. (However, that game is not AS bad as they say!)""What is good about this demon wrench killing simulator then?""I hear you ask.Well for starters. The sword fighting mechanic is well made, it takes a time to master it though, but be patient andremember to upgrade yourKIandSKILLS. Or just say fudge it and put all your Yen in upgrading guns.Whatever floats your boat.The Humor is there at times, however I don´t find all the jokes funny, some are even downright horrible. But I guess that´s the point?The game also finds a way to make you hunt for collectibles (no it´s not scattered all over the place like some Ubisoft game or such).I find these collectibles a hassle sometimes and sometimes I find them quite funny, like when you find a pixelated graphicof a level that reminds you of the classic Shadow Warrior.I like this game. It´s neat, funny at times and keeps the mechanics simple yet complicated enough to stay fun and creative through the entire game.The graphics are a bit dated and something I don´t enjoy. Sure it´s fun to blow up environments and stuff, however, I just find the art style bland.Enemy designs could be better as well, they vary with like 7-8 enemy types I think? That´s a shame. I wanted more variation.However, even though the game has a few flaws it still got me worked up and pumped through some fights. I recommend playing on normal.I will recommend this game to any FPS fanatic, Serial Killer or friend of mine!It´s good."
76561198049501123,Not Recommended,233130,23713194,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,draykorinee,"First hour I'm thinking what a great game, just under 3 hours I'm bored. Linear gameplay with a weird 'wave' format of enemies and humdrum move from A unlock B enter B to get to C just makes for a rather boring episode. The characters are amusing and the dialogue is fun, the combat is pretty good too. I just think its dreadfully boring."
,Recommended,233130,19108020,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,puisys.laimonas,"This is my first ever review, not writing it after finishing the game would be simpy unfair, because what a great game it is. I will not go in to details, the overwhelmingly positive rating sais a lot. What I want to say is thank you Flying Wild Hog for giving me 15 hours (one playtrough on normal) of awesome, well peaced, well narrated, gun-blazing, katana choping passtime. It is pure fun, without any unnecessary mechanics, one that is unashamed to be oldschool, and one that has an excellent storry and character development that does not distract from the gameplay (who would expect that from the cousing of Duke Nukem?). Very well paced action and story-wise. I was excited and saddened while watching the last cutscene. The final silent scene was really poetic and well deserved.Well done Flying Wild Hog and thank you for the good time I had!"
,Recommended,233130,30455388,Posted: 11 March,all,Carlos Danger,"Did you love the original shaddow warrior for its off color racism and innovative sword play? You will love this game!Did you hate shaddow warrior for its off color racism? Well now you can enjoy a game without letting your political ideology dictate how much you enjoy gameplay cause they fixed that problem by making Lo Wang a interesting anti-hero whose genuinely funny and is laughed at cause he's an idiot and not because of Asian stereotypes.Did you hate the original shaddow warrior because you hate bloody games or only play high art games made by loser pretencious jack offs? You will still hate this game, but may like because an indie studio has a name attatched to it."
,Recommended,233130,13112016,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Terminatorn,That is some sword.
76561198008156083,Recommended,233130,16479185,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,aggiefanatic95,"I usually don't like FPS, but I really liked this game.  The over the top story, gore, hilarious one liners, and gameplay, just adds to the fun.  And what more can you ask for when you can run around and chop up demons with a katana.  I would say the gameplay gets bland after doing the same thing for 10+ hours, still recommend tho."
,Recommended,233130,23198022,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Cytokine Storm,best hack and slash game ever10/10 would hack and slash again
76561198042103653,Recommended,233130,15661609,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Bock Bock,"Old-fashioned First-Person-Shooter with a lot of humor, nice profound story and great gameplay."
,Recommended,233130,23851773,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Jubbernaut,Adrenaline and blood fueled Wang ride.
76561198185599787,Recommended,233130,23853521,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ZX76SHOTGUN,Its Great Banter
76561198046580718,Recommended,233130,26022736,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Jenoh,Amazing gameAsh from Evil Dead groovy/10
76561197999602910,Recommended,233130,17629851,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Rostburken,I wonder how many crates and cupboards I've looted during this adventure...?
76561198002677198,Recommended,233130,13510589,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,DarkS0ulS,I saw 2 bunnies have sex 11/11
76561197998017293,Recommended,233130,8281013,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Wep0n,"This game is extremly focused on first person combat gameplay, and does it really well.do not expect a good story or atmosphere, but instead visceral and brutal combat. this is basically what duke nukem should have been.  the AI is very good and allows for varied combat, and with good skill you will find many rewarding ways in killing them. especially the meele combat is full of various attacks and exceptional for a first person shooter. clearly there are better meele combat games out there, such as overgrowth and mount&blade, but for a game that focuses on being a shooter it is really well done.full of puns and references, and truly a worthy successor to the old classic shooter games.If you do not enjoy a game which is solely combat oriented and leading trough a linear pathway, you will not like this. while i am a guy who is very passionate about atmosphere, immersion and soundtrack, gameplay is vital for me to enjoy a game. and while this game's only strenght is gameplay, i am fine with this. gameplaywise though, some people might find a problem that combat is always head on, and there is only a limited way of defeating your ennemies besides facing them straight forward, but you should not expect anything else from an arcady shooter.a major problem i got with this game though is that it gets repetitive after a while, and towards the end of the game i started using almost the same attack over and over since it was the most efficient one. you will find yourself mostly using ki-strikes with your katana and the fun weapons are alot less useful since they do not regenerate your health and do mostly less damage."
,Recommended,233130,22879719,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Genji,"Hoji, my best friend. Just for him, i am giving this game 1.000.000 out of 10, because he is a free ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Most Action +Sci-fi + drama game i played ever. [[Spoiler]] Rest In Peace Hoji. I respect you more than i respect everything"
76561198071323152,Recommended,233130,13487573,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Gaben's Garden Gnome,great game
,Recommended,233130,8715529,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,MrGangrene,"Every now and again one of those games pop up that give you this very unique feeling.So you get out of your car and walk around, have a bit of a chat with an elderly guy, following the story and then suddenly, for no real reason at all you start slicing a bunch of guys to pieces with your katana.It is hilarious,It is glorious,It is wonderful!And after a few minutes you suddenly experience what I can only refer to as a gamer's epiphany.You're having fun!Is that normal for games these days?To be fun?What is this? Why am I having fun?Could it be... that this game was designed to entertain me?Could it be that this isn't some spectial rollercoaster ride and a legitimately fun game?It almost sounds blasphemous to call a game 'fun' these days but I think it is.Ladies and Gents,What we have here is an over-the-top first-person-shooter with a freaking katana!I can't recommend this game enough.You should really consider picking this one up!Unless you have something against fun of course..."
,Recommended,233130,24339056,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Death Pulse,10/10beware of wang!
,Recommended,233130,13129900,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Feminine Beef,The strongest enemy is an evil rabbit.10/10.
,Recommended,233130,11523914,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,X F R I M \\気持ち悪い\\,Wang puns and goretastic swordplay.BUY IT ALREADY
,Recommended,233130,13976946,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,DrugsBunny,"This has to be one of my favorite games, the graphics are awesome and the gameplay is insane loads of blood and gore and the controls are very easy to use if you havnt got this already during the sales at 90% off you really missed out! I paid full price and was well worth it the story is great and funny at the same time, the only thing i couldve asked for really was more variety with the enemys as most the time i was fighting the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over again.Graphics 10/10Gameplay 10/10Story 7/10"
76561198004195595,Recommended,233130,13128555,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Moon Punisher,"Is it fun to cut an army of demons using a katana?Yes , it is.This game was totally worth picking up and playing.My only 2 problems with it:1) Personally i think the game lasted for too long. The number of enemy kinds is limited , which means after not so long you will be killing the same guys over and over , but usually in larger and larger numbers. Got tired of it by the end.2) The ending.Look , this is a game about over the top action and cheap jokes , the ending is not.The ending is quite dark and to me didnt fit the rest of the game."
76561198020575563,Recommended,233130,13513191,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,BBQBaconBurger,"This game really brings me back. I remember back when FPS were about being rediclous and having some fun, something that sort of died out with the modern military shooters. FWH has done an amazing job of keeping that fun, old school shoot em up goodness. If you ever played the origional SW, or like old school FPS, you will love this.A specific point to bring up is the Katana combat. Its just plain awesome. Probably the most fun I've had with a melee weapon in a long time, and its such an intrical part of the gameplay.10/10 can and will play this all day."
,Recommended,233130,17632868,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,XavierTheChickenHunter,Never dash from stairsRecommended 8/10
,Recommended,233130,13242378,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,[M4tth2w],"Great Game, it satisfies my love for swords and shotguns :3 10/10"
,Recommended,233130,19430332,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,McTravesty,"( can make hamburger out of thousands of demons using nothing but a Katana and one liners10/10, would start supernatural McDonalds again"
76561198167264887,Not Recommended,233130,35485917,Posted: 4 October,all,Moshes_w_Wolves,"Alright game - even good by today's standards.Better than Hard Reset - thanks to the special sword and Chi movesets (same weapon mechanics otherwise).Starts to feel repetitive early on and the ending feels out of place.Bad music, mute and bring your own (Osamu Kijitamu fits well).Basically a better Hard Reset (get Bioshock if you need a scifi fix) otherwise it is a game that will sit in your inventory never to be played more than once.Meet and kill dude.New weapon.Shoot dude with new weapon.New dude.New weapon upgrade.Multiple dudes.(sword)(chi)Grind your way through and maybe steam will give you an achievement for beating it (I didn't)Just get DOOM 2016."
,Recommended,233130,15561020,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Grenadeh,"For fans of the original, I can't necessarily say this is a faithful reboot, considering how clunky it was even compared to contemporary shooters like Duke Nukem or Doom. However, this is hands down the closest you will get these days to an old school chaotic shooter like the original FPSes.You will routinely face dozens of enemies on screen at once, and mow them all down in bloody glory with guns, rockets, flamethrower, a variety of katanas and a wonderful crossbow. Each of them is somewhat versatile as well and demons will enrage, making them harder and faster, if you do not kill them quickly. Many of the enemies have various attacks and the game continues to introduce new demons until the very end of the game, at which point it begins to throw all of them at you the same time, like old Doom would on high difficulties.The voice acting is ridiculous, the asian (mostly Chinese) stereotypes are cliche and borderline offensive, and the control system is downright wonky to master. You may not even realize how to do half your abilities until the end of your first playthrough.I wouldn't recommend the game for $40 as it doesn't have much content beyond the campaign, but the next time it's on sale, if you are a fan of true FPS, definitely grab this game."
,Not Recommended,233130,16563881,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,li.u,"Fun while the sword mechanics are still fresh, but once that has lost its novelty, things get a little tedious.It does appear to be somewhat poorly optimized. Framerate drops whenever there is a sizeable group of enemies on screen. Since that happens very frequently, the fluctuating fps gets really noticable.Not a terrible game to pick up during a sale (if your hardware is up to it), but overall only mediocre in my eyes."
,Recommended,233130,8118809,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Disciple,Amazing♥♥♥♥♥♥ Seriously!
76561198068794348,Not Recommended,233130,15306022,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Dezso_ekezethianyzik,"Shadow Warrior is not a bad game. I don’t recommend it because it has a lot of really great ideas that could have made it much much better, but fails in that, creating something mediocre. It has cool weapons, great level designs and creates an awesome horror – parody atmosphere. I also really liked the hidden jokes and references to older games, TV shows and movies. The story to me feels a bit incoherent and in parts unfinished, but in these types of games I don’t think it matters much.Where SW wore out its welcome and starts to kill all the joy and fun out of the game is the combat. It has 17 quite different levels, each with its own atmosphere, but basically 10 different types of enemy monsters / demons, (and 3 of them introduced as boss monsters in the beginning). The gameplay gets harder by throwing more and more of the same things at your face, to the point where it begins to feel an endless challenge mode. Which is fun in the first few times, but after that, even with the weapon and ability upgrades, it becomes EXTREMLY REPETATIVE. In my opinion the second half of the game, (roughly the last 6 out of 17 levels, which felt like the same amount like the first 11 levels), is basically an almost endless challenge mode, with the same few monster types and slowly changing background. Throwing the same things at you only more at once became really difficult to the point it became so frustrating and enraging that made me write this anti-recommendation.There is a saying among entertainers: “always keep your audience wanting more” which the developers should have heeded, because that would helped this game a lot. If Shadow Warrior would have been shorter, keeping its fast(ish) pace from the beginning till the end, I would say that this is a really great game, but it forced the same combat on me so many times, that to me at least, lost all its charm and became a grind that took away the fun I’ve had in the beginning.If you buy this game, play thru chapter 11 and forget the rest. After that point you will only see some new backgrounds and cut scenes with the same everything before which becomes a grind."
,Not Recommended,233130,26139784,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,BullHorn,"I was first introduced to Shadow Warrior 2 and beat it on the hardest difficulty. I'll write my review about it separately, but after playing that game and not hating it entirely (but close to it), I kept hearing that Shadow Warrior (2013) is far superior, so I got it and boy do I regret it.The game is extremely repetitive and monotonous. I was playing on the hardest difficulty and the enemies were extremely bullet-spongy, combined with the monotonicity and you got a recipe for some ResidentSleeper. The closer I was getting to finishing the POS, the more boring it felt and the longer than missions became, because you started meeting even more bullet-spongy enemies.Throughout the whole game there's like 7-8 different fight sequences/combination that repeat over and over again with slight variations to the arena you're fighting in (square vs. circle vs. corridor)The plot is OK but at no moment was I amazed or intrigued or even surprised by any part of it, nor the dialog. After SW2, coming back to this ensured none of Wang's jokes were funny, because the company literally recycled nearly the same dialogues and♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes for both games.Verdict: If you want to slice♥♥♥♥♥♥up with a sword, get the game and play it on easy/normal difficulty. The game might not be too bad when enemies don't take so long to kill that you die of old age. Otherwise, just get something else...-EDIT: I wrote the review when I was around 50% through the game, but now that I beat it my opinion only got stronger. Here's one of the boss fights in case anyone's wondering:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nw9Jvqmq0AMtl;dw: I fight a guy that can't kill me and I can't kill him for 30 minutes."
,Recommended,233130,19297601,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,chesse20,LOL THE GUYS NAME IN THE GAME IS WANG LIKE A PEN1S LOL AND THEY MAKE A BUNCH OF FUNNY PUNS USING THE WORD WANG
76561198049559755,Not Recommended,233130,15979422,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,D for Demiize,I though this game was extremely cheesy. Honestly not sure how it's overwhelmingly positive :\
76561198014520804,Not Recommended,233130,29701426,Posted: 4 February,all,PegadorDuro,"I purchased Shadow Warrior 2 while it was on sale, so I grabbed Shadow Warrior so that I could get the full experience.  While I can see that it is a good game and relatively solid for 2013, I found the minor puzzle solving elements tedious since I was trying to race through it to get to the second in the series, which is obviously not the best mindset to fully absorb a decent game.  Would I recommend it for people in similar circumstances as myself who can only play games a handful of hours each week?  Definitely not."
,Not Recommended,233130,15210432,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Fragtion,"Gamestopper bug in the second chapter... great.I restarted the whole level, restarted the game from scratch and even redownloaded the whole game from steam.The problem?I can not destroy an object that opens a door. Awesome."
76561197981651049,Not Recommended,233130,17107360,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,VitaminNoob,"Shadow Warrior I gave it a 3 out of 5. A fun and easy game to play, The Katana definitely worth the game play through the end. The gameplay are very similar to SeriousSam and Dukenukem Forever. This game is very repetitive and gets boring very quick, this game is only for enjoyment and fun and definitely for kids except for the Gore. I recommend this game if you just like to shoot to play."
76561197980210376,Not Recommended,233130,16431988,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Barna,"""full controller support"" not truelow weapon fov it's really ugly"
,Not Recommended,233130,15302115,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Elbo,"It's dumb, it's loud and therefore not for me. I keep forgetting I don't like this kind of thing.It's a cool game if you like all those things though."
76561198059386627,Not Recommended,233130,17573099,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,36thelement,Game crashes whenever I try start a new game
,Not Recommended,233130,14396095,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,bledking,"Starts off great but after the first 1/3rd of the game the levels start becoming less creative and detailed. Looting gets tedious after a while and you're forced to do it (a lot) if you want to upgrade your weapons. Combat is fast, fluid and encourages you to experiment with all weapons and abilities. Most fights are scripted though, with enemies spawning in predictable patterns. It became repetitive in the last half of the game. Many bosses are epic and memorable though.Story is juvenile and devoid of philosophical morality. I quickly found myself skipping the dialogues and cutscenes, and it's a shame because the comic book style cutscenes look amazing.The fun peaks early, then it just feels like it drags on for too long ..."
,Recommended,233130,21935269,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,TrueArchery,"Me, seeing a rabbit fucking another rabbit from behind.Me, shooting one of them.Rabbit turns into red, aggressive demon-rabbit with abnormal speed, Metal music starts.Rabbit jumps around like crazy.Me, panicing and getting rekt by a red-demon-rabbit while wasting 2 magazines of MP-ammo trying to shoot it and over the half of my HP.Glorious Nippon Steelsaves my ass.10/10I never shot a rabbit again... But tagged this as ""Dating Sim"""
,Recommended,233130,7533629,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Mr. Glass,awesome
,Not Recommended,233130,26962470,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,egg,"Well.I got this game on sale, thinking it looked fun. I was wrong. It had many similarities to DOOM, as in the endless confusion and the general feeling of being lost. Now, while I admit the hand to hand combat is fun at certian points, you almost never get to play around with it because the enimies will swarm you, leaving you to just click frantically and wait.4/10  do not buy full price."
,Recommended,233130,7613037,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Slimy,"stab neck. such red. much sharp. so fire. wow.17.94/10 ""much goodly action swords 100%""-- IGN"
76561198062974372,Recommended,233130,8220607,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Penguini,One of my fav games  feels like a real old school shooters and has nice graphics and is very funny
76561197985478674,Recommended,233130,12765964,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,The Spagetti Monster,The samurai slicing simulator 2013! 10/10
,Recommended,233130,22821582,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Shatterbot,awesome
76561198108750555,Not Recommended,233130,14458578,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,SploogeFactory,"This is a terribly unoptimised piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I would love to love this game but with all the performance issues (flickering screen with Vsync enabled, random unstable framerate drops) I just can't stay immersed enough to have fun.For what it's worth, the gameplay is very enjoyable and I like the throwback to oldschool game humour and secrets, but you really can't expect anyone to get a good experience with terrible optimisation!"
,Not Recommended,233130,34877464,Posted: 10 September,all,Master,"I got this game during a sale period, and only got around to playing it recently because of other priorities. While initially, the game was engaging with the dialogue and the art style, it quickly got too much, and has only been downhill since then. The guns have no weight to them, the melee weapon handles terribly, regardless of what I am using, and the double-tap power-ups can get highly aggravating in close-quarter combat, of which there is a lot. Upon that, the enemies just don't feel 'right', so to speak, and coupled with the puzzles' incessant need to spawn a squadron of hell right up my face just breaks the flow, especially after I killed a hundred or so less than a minute ago. even Wang's brand of humor isn't enough to get me out of that dreary, mechanical clockwork of ""Find tanuki 1 2, break tanuki 3 4, kill horde of demons 5 6, face boss 7 8, repeat"".Unfortunately, this game just doesn't have the 'heart' that I felt Hotline Miami and Hotline Miami 2 have, and I have zero positive points I can tell about it."
,Recommended,233130,7381623,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Helena.candy♡™,This game is pretty good. Great sophisticated.
76561198027026598,Not Recommended,233130,24509395,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Imperial Lapdog,"Really tried to like it. Started strong with great humor, but the fighting became boring and the humor/story fell away quick. Wish I liked the game more."
,Recommended,233130,13155124,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,G.I. Go Home,I hate this game for how good it is. I don't think I'll ever enjoy an FPS game as much as I did this game. It's all downhill from here.
,Recommended,233130,33435,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,BloodShed,A wonderful re-imagining of the original game.Sword play alone is the reason you should buy this game.Buy weapon upgrades and powers and become an unstoppable force of badassatry.
,Recommended,233130,26009361,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Majestic F12,An accurate representation of what Asia is like.
76561198118766830,Recommended,233130,22872786,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Señor,Hell yeah!
,Recommended,233130,13547621,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Apple of the Earth,"Shooting demons is like shooting people, but without all of the pesky moral dilemmas."
,Recommended,233130,13675581,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,⎛ Alucard ⎞ †,Great oldschool'ish shooter/slasher.Its pretty much a Chinese Serious Sambut on some serious crack!9/10
,Recommended,233130,33665325,Posted: 19 July,all,Sup!,dank
,Recommended,233130,8251310,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Splat Tim,jus awesome K you gotta slaughter like DEMONS with a foking katana HOW AWESOME IS DAT I PLAYED IT 9 HOURS STRAIGHT WITH NO BREAK LIKE OMFG I LOVE THAT GAME!!!11!1!1!1one!!!!
76561197968852373,Not Recommended,233130,31193727,Posted: 16 April,all,bunk,+nice looking game+cool weapon animations and gore+some funny dialog- just one arena after anotherA solid enough shooter but I just couldn't warm to it
76561198030337222,Recommended,233130,31654503,Posted: 9 May,all,Valorousspectre,"Demons and Swords. Need I say more? If my computer would run it without freezing my decrepit system, I'd play it tonnes more. Fast paced. Swords. Guns. Demons. A briefcase full of cash and witty sarcasm. What more do you need in a game?"
76561198060546195,Recommended,233130,7466323,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Tassedethé,GOTY B-)
76561197998887299,Recommended,233130,10001650,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Sniblet,4/5
,Recommended,233130,12783213,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,CatDad500,Blade cuts demon. So much blood I can't see the screen. Best shooter i've played in a long time.
,Recommended,233130,16445226,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,rosenpin,Youv'e got da touch
76561197988796777,Recommended,233130,12356212,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Trivial1,"I've really enjoyed this game.  Not really a standard FPS.  It's a hack and slash in first person, with the option to use projectile weapons mid to late game.  The game had similarities to Dark Messiah, which I loved.  You accept to have a demon inside of you providing special abilities and insight along your journey.  The banter is funny but not absurd.  A little corny at times, but you really don't pay attention due to the blood everywhere from chopped off limbs.  Shadow Warrior is a great relief from standard FPS's.  Stick with the Katana and blink to get fast kills and hectic gameplay.  Pick this up on sale and have fun playing a fantastic game.  Note:  Some texture and sounds are recycled from Flying Wild Hog's Hard Reset (which if you don't own buy that immediately).  It sort of got to me early game, but as I found myself loving the combat and gore I let that go.  You have to cut corners every now and then, but it's enough to notice right off of the bat if you've played Hard Reset."
,Recommended,233130,501801,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,noname,Buy this game immediately. I guarantee you that there is nothing better you could spend $40 on right now.
76561198049592405,Recommended,233130,12430238,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Scooter-Tan,"Now THIS is how you modernize a classic FPS.Totalbiscut's best FPS of 2013 and better than Half-Life 3, Shadow Warrior 2013 takes an old game and remakes it as a prequel out of it. You play as Lo Wang, an asinine, wisecracking hitman with a sword who is tasked with retrieving another blade by the name of the Nobitsura Kage. But the deal goes sour and you must fight your way through waves of enemies to reach it. Once you do, however, a trickster spirit who is also a wiseass joke cracking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, inturrupts Lo Wang before he can retrieve the sword and knocks him unconsious.After he wakes in a bamboo cage, Wang soon escapes to find that demons are running amok and must fight his way through them using various firearms and powerful swordplay. Lo Wang takes a spill not very long after fighting demons and is critically injured inside of a burning building and the trickster spirit comes out to taunt him.The spirit agrees to help Lo Wang as he is clearly a skilled fighter and has no tangible body of his own to do things, and enables Wang to use his qi (pronounced CHEE) to use several powers. The first of which is a basic healing spell.This is where it is a mix of old and new. There is no passively regenerating health outside of brink of death raising up to a small amount of HP after a fight, actively healing yourself with the healing spell, and health packs. Health packs mainly serve as a buff, raising your HP above a normal maximum of 100. Being able to heal yourself, even though a slow and limited heal that slows your movement speed as you do it, solves the dilemma of having to power through the majority of a level with 1-2HP and constantly die from that fact. I'm looking at you, majority of Half Life.Jumping is fairly limited. In the original shadow warrior you were jumping around all over the map at blitzing speeds and were climbing onto big sections of the level to jump across. It was almost a platformer in that regard. Shadow Warrior 2013 isn't like that. Most sections of the level are fairly flat, especially where you fight demons in. And you'll be fighting demons for the majority of the game. And a lot of them are pretty similar. There's only about ten to eleven main enemy types thoughout the entire game, and you're going to be fighting a lot of them at any given time. And a lot of them are fairly bullet spongey without the correct upgrades for your weapons. (the first thing you should unlock for the crossbow is the secondary attack, which is pretty great.) The game does rewards you though for varying up your playstyle and fighting enemies with various weapons. It's actually kind of hard to 5 star a fight.Lo Wang finds new weapons as he goes on his journey, from a humble revolver all the way up to demon head lasers and rocket launchers, the shadow warrior isn't shy about using any and all weaponry available to him. And all of them are pretty powerful. The revolver has a chance to instant kill on a headshot, the PDW can have double the firerate by having two guns at once, and the sword is a blast to use in combat.And the secrets. There's a ton of them, and I can almost guarantee you won't find all of them on your first playthrough. Some are even secret areas tucked away that look like they're from a shooter from the 90s. Specifically, the classic shadow warrior. I found the dark forest and a few other hidden zones in levels myself.If you like older shooter games, and want an actually great representation of the fact that you can remake an old game and it be amazing, Devolver's Shadow Warrior (2013) is a must buy."
76561198057784617,Recommended,233130,13955138,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Nig Pig,"Honestly one of the best first person shooters ever made, I would say this beats most other commercial FPS's out there. This gem of a game focuses on gameplay more than anything but still manages to tell and awesome story. If you're and offline gamer or an online gamer I highly reccomend this game I rate it 10/10."
76561198334287000,Recommended,233130,33115188,Posted: 1 July,all,LikeThis,This game is like injecting heroine directly into your scrotum feeling every ounce of adrenaline pump into the veins of your testicals while simultaneously snorting enough crack to kill a beached whale and then feeling bold enough to shoot up a school filled with disfigured children.
,Recommended,233130,20492838,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Smil3,I love Hoji
,Recommended,233130,13752291,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,haRT3r,Lo Wang. Nuff said.
,Recommended,233130,12926679,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,shot my load on the holy cross,wht the ♥♥♥♥ not
,Recommended,233130,11566448,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Triod,"Great action, nice story and you can kill everything and everyone using only a Katana. What elese can you ask for??"
,Recommended,233130,22858710,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Jace,"Basically a great swordfighting game, over all, quite a thin story, though still very rich in style and fantasy. The fighting is epic and never gets old, it's not too easy nor too hard. Awesome hack and slash! Certainly worth the investment"
,Recommended,233130,25269963,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,President Trump,Bunnies have sex in the game.You can kill them and they turn into metal bunny.11/10
,Recommended,233130,21404052,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Zhuyin Stormstout,"I had an absolute blast playing this all the way through on console (at the time I couldn't run it very well on PC) so am very eager to play it again on PC!There are some clever nods toward the old classic Shadow Warrior while also being fresh and modern without taking away the fun factor. The storyline is pretty straight forward but there are some moments that get you excited and wanting to play more. The boss fights are absolutely epic! Which is how a boss fight should be.If you love a good run and gun game with plenty of gore, great graphics, atmosphere, humor and  a great soundtrack then this is the game for you. I highly recommend it!"
76561198053266411,Recommended,233130,34405567,Posted: 21 August,all,Juffe,Funky humor.Diverse weapons and upgrade system.New game+Voice acting.9/10
76561198125681160,Recommended,233130,34429716,Posted: 22 August,all,GrapeJuice,YOU GOT THE TOUCHYOU GOT THE POWER
,Recommended,233130,34239886,Posted: 14 August,all,DarK.,Great game!
,Recommended,233130,34456406,Posted: 24 August,all,...,"welll,, ,errrr,,, I got wanggggg!!!"
,Recommended,233130,34646751,Posted: 31 August,all,HOLYONE,"funny humor, great gunplay, intersting story"
76561198070098137,Recommended,233130,15076925,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Soapytitwank,its like playing as an asian duke nukem but better and with a katana
,Recommended,233130,11868133,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Anterk,"A reboot of a wasted ""classic"" and one of the best shooters I've ever played (and a PC exclusive for the past few years...though might be coming to XBOne and PS4). A likable and only half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Lo Wang (as opposed to the original Lo Wang, who was FULL♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ teams up with a demon to lead you on a psychotic trip that combines aspects of old (""keycard""-style statues that must be found and smashed to advance, health packs) and new (a progression system full of both defensive and offensive unlocks). The story is good enough to stand on its own. Overall, the developers have outdone their previous effort (Hard Reset), and have crafted a game that can stand up next to the best in the genre.Combat is the centerpiece of Shadow Warrior, and it shines. Your guns are effective, but there is also a melee-combat system crafted around the driving force of the story; the main character's katana. With enough upgrades and unlocks, the sword became my go-to weapon late game, and was both devastating and highly satisfying to use.I only have two complaints: the system requirements are rather high, and a late-game enemy ruined my sword-swinging fun. The first issue is only a problem if you have an older computer; Shadow Warrior was made for PC elitists to show off on their pricey rigs. The second issue is more of personal opinion, and as the enemies show up very late into the game (level 13 out of 17, or something), you'll have time to learn the basics before you fight them. They only have one weak spot, and fighting them was the first time I felt like I was ""working"" instead of just playing. End result was still fun, though.Gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z55om0PfnvA&list=UU9JDHkeBcdwFhUDG33UO6Bg"
76561198043028011,Recommended,233130,26765983,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AJSA-Nicotb,░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
,Recommended,233130,16284265,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Karma,Made me realize how bad I am at these kinds of games.
76561197970616511,Recommended,233130,9539831,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,JojoTheSlayer,This 4 hour long game is fun.Recommended.
,Recommended,233130,26809729,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dominox3,It's all Wang now.
,Recommended,233130,11219107,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Still Tyrion,"This is a very old-fashioned shooter with a lot of over the top gore and some funny characters and dialogues. The story is actually rather complicated but not really important. The system of special abilities, especially for for the katana, and weapon extensions provides a lot of variety over the game and makes progress fun.Some aspects are not that impressive:- some maps are just very small with a lot of enemies (the others are larger - with a lot of enemies :-) which doesn't allow you to use the environment so much and makes the game quickly boring.- on hard some of the monsters (especially some of the mini  bosses) have an insane amount of hp. As staying alive isn't that difficult most of the time, this means you have to repeat the actions for something like 10-15 mins -- very boring (Basically I stopped my second play through on hard after 2/3 of the game because I became so repetetive).All in all I would say: If you are into simplistic doom-kind old-fashioned shooters this will give you some enjoyable time, but don't expect the genius of level and mob design some of the older games had."
,Recommended,233130,12827209,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Zultar,You can chop people up into tiny pieces then sip tea
,Recommended,233130,18649633,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,fuckoff,Pretty decent. I give it a 7/10 on the Wang-O-Meter
,Recommended,233130,21640305,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,[GT]PEBCAK,"game was fun, it takes about an hour or two for the story to pick up."
,Recommended,233130,21595191,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Krombopulos Michael,Fantastic!
76561198056374398,Recommended,233130,19355791,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Blood_Red_Rage,Dat Wang.
,Recommended,233130,14075050,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,[DDST] Rasp,Best 1st Person Melee System - EVER.
76561198032116139,Recommended,233130,31871235,Posted: 20 May,all,Fabulous llama,make sure to check everywhere for hidden things.
,Recommended,233130,8894112,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,K.o.K,"story is weird and silly but the gameplay is so much awesome and packs tons of funyou don't wanna let the controller down while playing this game , also i'm looking for the 64-bit update in few months"
,Recommended,233130,13950664,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Oli,11/10
,Not Recommended,233130,29026200,Posted: 4 January,all,[Uey] Neo_Bram_Ham_69,"Honestly, the game doesn't age well. The game design is about as simple as can be while checking off all the ""necessary"" checkboxes of the time:Progression: SimplisticShooter: ObviouslyStory: BarelyKatana: Yeah, but not as deep as you'd imagine.It uses the same old tropes from all shooters: Introduce new ""tough"" mob by itself as a ""boss"" then later on make you face them more and more often until they're regular enemies. The AI will swarm you and body block you leaving you with no way to get out. The boss fights are long and tedious as well, often times following the ""Do A until B happens and repeat 3 times"" mantra. The swordplay, which is supposed to be a huge selling point, is about as simplistic as can be. It doesn't make a lick of difference which direction your going when you attack, it's just an animation and doesn't change how you really connect. You'll find yourself spamming your attack button with it mindlessly. As for the special moves, they all consist of double-tap a direction and hold left click. 1 heal, 1 straight line, 1 360 AoE, 1 wave. The progression system leaves a lot to be desired, namely it takes too long to upgrade things and the difference it makes is negligible for the most part.If you want a very simplistic shooter, then sure, but if you want something more deep and satisfying? Look elsewhere. The graphics 4 years later already look 8 years old with muddy textures, absurd amounts of bloom, and blocky models.Maybe worth $5-10 now, not the $40 it currently is as of this review. Best of all, from my understanding, the second one is viewed as worse as the progression system went the way of a very grindy Borderlands, but with less flavor."
,Recommended,233130,15151217,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Chaos Epoch [HAX],you wang you bang.
76561198112669681,Recommended,233130,23275412,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Chef Blazer,topkek
76561198001707532,Recommended,233130,14407736,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Go-Hideyosi™,Masterpiece!!!9.5/10
76561198201823508,Recommended,233130,34706553,Posted: 3 September,all,Gumbiman,Games like this and DOOM are proof that single player shooters made nowadays can be good. 8/10
,Recommended,233130,7902210,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Nintonito,"Impressive revival of the old school gameplay style, marred by repeitive, bloated design, and a lack of enemy or weapon variety.  In short, it's amazing for the first 4-5 hours, but it slowly grow into a bother, with everything seeming same-y, and the levels seeming to drag on perpetually.  Overall, it's worth picking up on a sale, but don't expect it to be a quick finish."
,Recommended,233130,2634846,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,♫TGC> The Games Collector,"Awesome game, almost as good as the original; they actually managed to top it. ;)It's not as much as secret filled maze game like the old 3drealms game, but the action is fantastic.The more frenzy you unleash, the more frenzy your enemy throws right back at ya, giving it a pace anyone can walk by."
,Recommended,233130,16423828,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Two Seconds,This game is just fun to play. This has the best swordfight Ive ever seen in a game.Shadow Warrior has so many jokes and references Its just hillarious. Now go and buy it and while you are at it buy the Classic Redux too.10/10
,Recommended,233130,8246482,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,[RD] Kura_VII,"Best FPS of 2013.Classic action style fps, none of this ""realistic"" american military crap. Very fun, the sword play is amazing."
76561198026946492,Recommended,233130,7911106,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,sidewinder,"This game is hilarious, the smart remarks of Wang are very funny.  I never played the original so I am not sure how it compares.  This is a fun simple FPS, well worth the price.  A must buy if you like a game that doesn't take itself to serious. 9/10."
,Recommended,233130,26008343,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,nichts,"ノーマン・ベチューンのメモリに（1939年12月21日）著名な外科医ノーマン・ベチューンは、カナダの共産党のメンバーだった。1936年にドイツとイタリアのファシスト盗賊がスペインに侵攻したとき、彼は前方に行き、反ファシズムのスペイン人のために働いた。彼らの戦争で中国の人々を助けるために日本に対する抵抗、彼は医療チームの先頭に中国に来て、彼は山西-Chahar-Hobeiの国境地帯に行ってきましたすぐ後に1938年の春にYenanに到着しました。熱烈な国際性と偉大な共産主義の精神に染み込ん、彼ほぼ2年間の軍と解放区の人を務めた。彼は負傷した兵士の操作中に血液中毒を契約し、1939年11月12日に、Tanghsien、Hopeiで死亡しました。彼は中国にカナダと米国の共産党によって送信されたときに「同志ノーマン・ベチューン、カナダの共産党のメンバーは、周りの50だった。彼はレジスタンスの私たちの戦争で私たちを助けるために数千マイルを走行するの光を作ら日本に対して。彼は、昨年の春にYenanに到着した霧台の山で仕事に行きました、と私たちの大きな悲しみに彼のポストで殉教者に死亡した。外国人は無私無欲の原因を採用行い、この精神のどのような彼自身のように中国の人々の解放？これはすべて中国共産党が学ぶ必要のある国際主義の精神、共産主義の精神、です...同志ベスーンの精神は、自己の任意の思考せずに他の人に彼の全くの献身は、彼の仕事に責任の彼の無限の意味で示されており、すべての仲間と人々に向かって、彼の無限のwarmheartednessた。すべての共産主義は、彼から学ばなければならない。いくつかはありません自分の仕事に無責任な人、重いに光を好む、他の人に上に重い負荷を無理に勧め、自分自身のために簡単なものを選択する。毎ターンでは、彼らは他の人の前に自分自身を考える。彼らはいくつかの小さな貢献をするとき、彼らは膨潤他の人が知ることができません。彼らは同志と人々に向けて何の暖かさを感じませんが、冷たい無関心と無関心である恐怖のためにそれについて誇りと自慢。実際には、このような人々は共産主義ではないか、少なくとも真の共産主義者としてカウントすることはできません...男、私たちはこの精神を誰もが人々に非常に有用であることができると。人間の能力は素晴らしいか小さいかもしれない。彼から絶対無私の精神を学ばなければならないが、彼はこの精神を持っている場合、彼はすでに心-高貴で純粋です道徳的な整合性のと下品な利益上記、人々に価値がある男。 """
76561198069071702,Recommended,233130,34407471,Posted: 21 August,all,Parasoul,Good game.
76561198022395043,Recommended,233130,20941927,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,your_breakfast,A more or less successfull attempt in making an old style FPS with a full load of action and exploding barrels. Fun as hell.
,Recommended,233130,22875543,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,G®ím íß ðéáð,its good but bad fps
76561198092802767,Recommended,233130,13112330,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Dr Dave,fun
76561198012915042,Recommended,233130,25988928,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,erlingheusm1,great game
76561198007578903,Recommended,233130,8794315,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,patamon,"Great game.The esteticks are awesome and gameplay is in the right spot between FPS and Katana sleshing, Enemies are interesting and chalanging, just get surre to set the dificulity at least at hight if you are not a new player to the fps games.I have rarely enyoed anf FPS so much like I did ejoyed Shadow Warrior."
,Recommended,233130,9067174,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,gameragodzilla,This game has the best swordplay I have ever experienced in a first person game. BUY THIS GAME! IT'S GOOD!
,Recommended,233130,8110171,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Mongo from Congo,i like this game
76561198031328124,Not Recommended,233130,22873139,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Rizilliant,"Even at $3.99, its still a bad game.. I understand its supposed tobe cheesey, and have bad jokes, but thats not even it.. The swordplay is awful.. Instead of atatching special abilities to trippers, or something similar to other games in the genre, it has you tap left or right, back, or forward twice, then Hold left, or right trigger, to charge the attack, bnefore releasing.... Its insanely clunky, and if it doesnt make you physically ill, more power to you.. Doing that during combat, often gets you killed!Like Skyrim, depending on the direction of you movement, you will swing your Katana in the corresponding direction.. That part is ok.. The moves are just so bad, and 2/3 tims dont work.. In the heat of battle, trying to get one of them to work is hard.. Half the time youll pop a move unintentionally...The sound is pretty bad.. Ill leave it at that..The level design is all linear hallways (as far as i got, anyway.. I couldnt stomach to play anymore, as i was getting extreme nausea!  Invisible walls, Lo Wang will get caught up on the tiniest pebble, leaving you panicking to get free, else you get stomped.. Which is another problem when trying to double tap a directional ability..The guns have no kickback, as they arent tied to trigger pulls.. So it feels weak.. They have zero recoil.. Even dual wielding uzi's causes no kickback, and he can fire 2 full clips, fully automatic, and stay center mass!!Poor graphics.. some of the indoor/outdoor textures will remind you of ps2 era walls, flooring, and furniture.. The only thing that does seem to have any detail at all, is Lo Wangs' Katana.. His hands, however, do not...- Even at $3.99, im refunding!3/10"
,Recommended,233130,8206679,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Mr. Matt,"I'd say for 5-10 dollars, this is a good buy. There are plenty of humorous jokes, there's lots of gore, the story is decent for what it is, and it's pretty fun. There are upgrades for your weapons and your special abilities, most of which are pretty useful. The sword is fantastic and there are several ways to kill with it which I found to be satisfying. This isn't a triple A title, but it's no stinker. If you're bored and find this for 5-10 bucks and don't need the money, I'd recommend it. Oh, and there's a new game + sort of thing called EX Mode, and if you raise the difficulty above normal, I can tell this could be quite a challenge."
76561198060518343,Recommended,233130,18176213,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Supa-Troopa,"Awesome slasher/shooter. Dynamic, fast-paced combat, stylish visuals (amazing work with colors), nice music, and ok story (which is actually rare nowadays). Get it, and go Wang."
76561198104995558,Recommended,233130,31786501,Posted: 16 May,all,jackujack,thanks but i cant open this game.... plz fix it
,Recommended,233130,29634950,Posted: 1 February,all,Kris12 - farmskins.com,Cool game!
,Recommended,233130,23863611,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,eulogy,"FPS with innovative input-commands. Not as complex as a fighting game, but coupled with the tactics of an arcadey FPS it is a perfect blend. You can do things like heal, ranged anime-like sword attacks, aoe sword spins, etc.The first few levels kind of suck, just stick with it! It's worth it!"
,Recommended,233130,29768800,Posted: 7 February,all,Tf2 Scammer | trade.tf,Good Game love it worth the 5 euros
,Recommended,233130,19367377,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Lawliet,Nice game. Feels like Serious Sam but with a japanese samurai style 7/10
,Recommended,233130,22040035,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Giggity Giggity,"YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!wait for it......YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!YOU GOT THE TOUCH, YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAAAAA!!!9/11-NGi69/666-Mlg420"
,Recommended,233130,13357693,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Knight⚔,Buy itDon't even ask whyJust buy it.
,Recommended,233130,22880714,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,ＣｏｄｅＺ♠,You Can Chop Someones Head Clean Off Then Watch As Blood Squirts Out Of His Head...11/10
,Recommended,233130,13411716,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,The Communist Banana,Never have i ever cut a person into so many pieces while listening to♥♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes also while bunnys have sex in the background!
76561198119008283,Recommended,233130,24142228,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Skankhunt42,"Interesting relaunch of an all-time classicYou are Lo Wang, a fearless Ninja on a mission to obtain a mystic katana. Fight your way through breathtaking japanese temples, palaces and gardens in full cherry blossom glory. Sword, shuriken and a wide range of firearms serve you to stand against waves of demons and the yakuza.The fighting mechanics in Shadow Warrior work by the means of button-combos, which have to be trained, but since the learning curve is rather low it is not a huge problem. The graphics are well crafted and make S.W. an outstanding title. Check out the demo!"
76561197971353375,Recommended,233130,35261124,Posted: 28 September,all,BIG BOSS DIK,Good game.
,Recommended,233130,13588867,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Fwostylicious,Pretty Decent Digs... I'll give it a 7 on the Wangometer
,Recommended,233130,17695751,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Issa. K,"A worthy sequel to the legendary game.+ Great storyline+ Awesome Melee combat+ 7 upgradable weapons+ Upgradable Skills & Magic+ Great Soundtrack+ Awesome Effects and Gore+ Great Characters- Bad Graphics- Bad firearms combat (It's fine, i just didn't like it. Well IMHO i guess.)7,8/10"
,Not Recommended,233130,30267860,Posted: 1 March,all,Franc[e]sco | install gentoo,"this could've been a great game - it runs reasonably smooth, support linux without being too buggy and retains the super fast pace, violence and variety of weapons of oldschool shooters.unfortunately, it's ruined by either bad gameplay choices or lack of playtesting. I wouldn't recommend buying it unless it's on sale.- weapons that need to be reloaded at the worst times? seriously? in an old-school shooter?- fall damage? are you kidding me?- buggy dash physics that can kill you if you dash down stairs. on the bright side, the buggy dash can potentially be used to skip stuff in speedruns- many areas are very graphically noisy. because the background is so detailed, the enemies and characters tend to blend in with the background and it's hard to focus on the action. blurrier textures for unimportant parts of the scene or depth of field blurring would've helped a lot with this. it's a problem that many other games have, though. only a couple games such as Life is Strange manage to get this right.- must press E to get pickups, which also happen to have a really small hitbox. this is extremely tedious when you're running from enemies. I have no idea why they thought this would feel good, I'm sure any playtester would've noticed immediately.- the quick save loading times are borderline annoying, but it might be bottlenecked by the amount of destroyable objects that have to be restored so it's not necessarily the dev's fault.- random crashes (usually when quick saving) every 2-3 hours on linux- in boss fights, random weapon pick-ups are spawned, including weapons that you don't need so you have to pray that the RNG gives you the weapon you actually need and run around the map. again, there's no way a play tester wouldn't notice it so it must have not been tested at all.- the healing skill tree makes health / armor pickups pretty much useless as you can heal yourself and cheese through the game even at insane difficulty. this takes away purpose from exploring for hidden pickups, which IMO is a huge element in this genre.- recycled boss mechanics for every giant boss: they aren't bad mechanics, but every boss feels the same. I would've loved at least slight variations.- the voices in video cutscenes are drowned by music or sound effects and are kind of hard to hear- some bosses and mobs deal rather unpredictable splash damage which is very gimmicky to avoid, it feels like artificial difficultyoverall, it feels like the team just threw together the game with barely any play testing. or the play testers were clueless about the genre and what actually feels good."
76561197994376535,Recommended,233130,24565294,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,idgen75,"As a fan who must have spent countless hours playing the originals over LAN back in the day, and reciting more ""..Wang.."" lines than I care to admit, even though I missed getting this back when it came out; recently finished it on Normal mode, great fun, good plot, good gameplay and so is definately something I'd recommend!! Currently playing this on insane mode, will go onto heroic mode after that.The only things that I would have liked to see in this game are :- A multiplayer mode.- Nuke, missing the nuke from the original (rocket with name 'nuke' with +30% more damage doesn't cut it...)- Rabbits, should have been an achievement, maybe I haven't come across it yet....- A bit better balance in the later chapters, there is an insane battle even in normal / hard modes before taking on Zilla...."
,Recommended,233130,33031422,Posted: 30 June,all,Frogburt,Clunky controls IMO but other than that a solid game
76561198066422617,Recommended,233130,25980264,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Psycho,Yes...... just all sorts of yes.....
76561198119274050,Not Recommended,233130,16004167,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,john dude,"Over 6000 positive reviews... are you kidding me?First of all I'm very surprised by the number of positive reviews for this game. While Shadow Warrior (SW) is not horrible, it's clearly a 5 out of 10 game, not an 8 or 9. Since so many reviewers have already talked about why it is so good, I'm going to save time by simply focusing on the reasons why I didn't like it. These are the 5 reasons my experience was unsatisfactory:1. Under-powered weapons. The developers clearly meant for the players to use the sword at least 50% of the time in this game. This is evident by how quickly your guns run out of ammo. Also, I found all of the guns, except the machine gun and rocket launcher, to be inefficient when dealing with hoards of enemies. The shotgun is the biggest offender! What happened here!? Shotguns are always my favorite weapons to use in FPS games. I've even completed DOOM 2 before using nothing but the shotgun and double barrel shotgun because that's how much I enjoy shotguns in my games!In SW, we get a measly 2 shots before having to do a reload animation and the bullets feel completely ineffective. Most enemies do not react to the gunfire unless they have run out of health and died. When you have 10 enemies running at you from all sides and only 2 BULLETS to shoot before you have to reload, THAT'S A PROBLEM! Suuuuuure you can upgrade it with a little bit of money to a magical ""4 SHOTS"" before needing to reload, but trust me, it doesn't make a bit of difference at all against the bullet sponge enemies. Other weapons like the crossbow and revolver are also horribly inefficient, and don't get me started on the Flamethrower! Not only does it kill your foes slower than trying to use sunlight to cook a steak at the North Pole, but the enemies can still damage you as they run into you while they are on fire!! Clearly the sword is the best weapon to use because of all its abilities you can learn, but if that's the case, I wish the developers had made it a 3rd person shooter instead of a 1st person shooter.2. The linearity and repetitiveness: By the time I got to Chapter 12, I was already sick of it, yet I forced myself to keep going and complete the game for the sake of writing this review. Every level in this game is exactly the same - you fight a large group of enemies, check the area for ammunition and secrets, then proceed to the next battle through linear corridors and set-pieces. The enemies are always the same and the worst part is that there is no suspense in between enemy encounters. You never have the suspense of an enemy being just around the corner because they never are! You only meet the enemies when you come to big room and you see them warp in through these blue circular portals.  The SAME enemies with the SAME weapons, Over and Over and Over again..... for 15+ hours!!! This may sound like a lot of other FPS games these days that are also considered good, but it's still different because of my 3rd and 4th points -3. The Grading System: I'm just going to honest - I absolutely f****** hate it when games throw in a grading system to force you to try different battle strategies. This is one criticism I've always had with the Devil May Cry games, even though I still liked those games, except DMC's grading system actually made sense. SW's does not! I understand that They're trying to add replay value here, but the grading system makes no sense! After every battle, we are given a rating from 0 to 5 stars based on how well we fought. The higher the ranking, the more karma points you receive, which you need to upgrade various skills. The thing is though, it's BullS*** because it has no rhyme or reason to it. The game tells you in the beginning to use a variety of attacks to get a high rating, but that doesn't seem to be true. I've had battles before where I killed an enemy using every weapon and skill that I had and I still only got 2 F****** Stars!!! Other battles where I used only my machines guns or turrets and I got 4 and a half stars. WTF!!??? The amount of damage you take during battle makes no difference either, believe me, I tested it by reloading certain battles and using the same strategies! Overall, it comes down to the fact that I hate the game for judging me based on how I CHOOSE to play. Look, if I just want to play the game MY WAY with machine guns and mow down all my enemies, don't judge me, b****!! Let me play how I want without worrying about how the game wants me too, godd******.4. The Healing Ability: Being able to heal yourself at any time during the game, with no cost or consequence for doing so, completely breaks this game!!! It takes all the suspense and fun out of battle. You don't have to worry about dying because as soon as your health runs low, you dash away from the enemies really fast and start healing. This is the biggest reason why the game is so d*** boring!! What were they thinking?! At the same time, I realize that certain battles would be impossible without this because there are so few health kits in the game. The boss battles don't even have health kits, you're expected to heal all on your own, so WTF!?!?  With no limit to healing, they have severely limited the suspense and strategy of each battle, or ya know, AKA: the S*** that makes the game fun!5. Juvenile Story: The original SW was a self parody of Asian Kung Fu movies, like how Duke Nukem parodied the hollywood action movies of the 80's and 90's. They never took themselves seriously and were fun all the way through because of that. However, the new SW makes the mistake of trying to take itself ultra seriously in the end. Are you kidding me!? With all the ""Wang"" jokes and sarcastic quips that Lo Wang and his demon friend are making to each other throughout the game, then they expect me to feel bad when certain characters die at the end? HAHAHAha, I don't think so b****es. I found their dialogue to be very juvenile, annoying, and completely lacking any sincerity that would make me care about their fates. Hell, I'm not even sure I understood the story completely. The exposition about the demons' world and its political problems was too boring. This game was clearly written for 14 - 15 year old boys who enjoy swearing and talking s*** to each other, which sucks for me because I'm in my mid-twenties and I'm too old to find it entertaining.Overall, I'm very disappointed in SW and do not recommend it for these reasons. I wish it had more interesting maze-like levels that included organic enemy placement, instead of just.... this crap that we got. If you want to play a good first person shooter that is ""Like"" this game, then please check out Serious Sam or Painkiller. Those are much better FPS games that have great gameplay and require strategy to survive every encounter (not just healing yourself after every hit like a b****). Play those games on hard mode and you will have a great time. For SW at $39.99... it's NOT worth it at all! At least wait until this game is on sale for $10 if you really want to play it. It's Quantity over Quality and not worth the money."
,Not Recommended,233130,19509364,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,UthersonL,"After the first hour, I'd have recommended the game without any hesitation, but while it seems fun at first, it outstays its welcome. The fights turn into dull and repetitive battles against spongy minibosses, and the bosses are oversized softies with glowing weak spots. The story becomes overly melodramatic in comparison to the original Shadow Warrior, jarringly clashing with the bad puns and one-liners."
76561198095510577,Not Recommended,233130,12037098,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Dracul05,"I'll be honest, Shadow Warrior Classic was my all time favorite FPS, this game is only marginally better than Duke Nukem Forever. The weapons are bland and unappealing, lacking the badassery of the previous game, but at least you aren't stuck with only 2 at a time. The sword is cool and feels really good to use, effectively turning the game into a first person hack and slash, but the RPG elements tacked onto this kill it for me. I'll be fair, this game is a love hate, for me it hurts more than DN4 because it's a franchise close to my heart, but they did do some thing very right. It just seems to me that every step in a good direction was coupled with 5 steps in the wrong direction. I'll put it to you like this, if you liked Duke Nukem, you'll probably like this, if Shadow Warrior was your FPS of choice stay clear of this one, it'll just break your heart."
,Not Recommended,233130,13512053,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Andrigaar,"First of all, this game starts out really fun.  But then you realize that this game gives it its all in the first 1-2 hours, and a short time after you'll fight the first mega-big boss that looks lifted out of Painkiller Black.  Every single moment after that is just the same thing over and over and over for supposedly around 13 hours.  I'll never know as it's not worth it to find out.At best this should have been a 3-6 hour game, preferably on the shorter end with how it's paced.  Not really any new enemies and more doors that are magically locked until you clear the room of the same enemies you've been shooting at and/or slicing up for all of the previous hours.I got this at $4 and thought it would be a decent romp.  But by 4-5 hours I was bored and whatever I'm at now the game just feels like a tedious waste of time that I'm uninstalling in a few minutes.Also Lo Wang is boring.  I understand there is no way the old game's characterization would fly right now so moving away from that the new vision is simply boring and not full of any good one-liners.  You've gotta fill the void with something after you strip away the parts you don't like, you can't just make him as a semi-chaotic nerd and assume that's enough if you wanna force the narrative.Play for 1-3 hours, maybe see the first boss (Gozu), and then walk away.  You've seen everything."
,Recommended,233130,31250690,Posted: 19 April,all,Rk_fraGGers,grab this ASAP ... u wont regret.... u no mess wih loo wang .. XD
,Not Recommended,233130,13161237,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,skidbaby,"Honestly, it just feels like wasted opportunity. The scenary is on-point, and the atmospheres are really beautiful and charming, yet the gameplay itself feels lackluster, and the story is pretty much boring and stale. I found myself not even listening to dialogue and skipping cutscenes, which is something I rarely do. The voice-acting seemed laughable when I first heard it. The vocal tones are really off-putting and sound rather badly chosen for the situation. I don't know, maybe its just me, but this game just doesnt cut it for me."
76561197966482898,Not Recommended,233130,13727700,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Nuclear Nelson,"This is not a good game.  I was truly shocked after hearing so many positive reviews about how this is an exhilerating shooter.  It's not.  Not even close.In short, Shadow Warrior is A ONE TRICK PONY.Gameplay consists of running into large arena areas, or occasionally streets or tunnels that restrict your movement a bit more, and then waves of THE SAME breeds of demons materialize from thin air or the walls to chase after you or shoot slow-moving projectiles at you.  The player generally has to run backwards in circles to avoid enemies while picking them off one at a time.  This is fun for about the first 1-2 hours, mostly in part to the outstanding sword mechanics.  But it quickly becomes apparent there is very little variety.  The game can't be exhilerating when its just so ♥♥♥♥ing predictable when and how every fight is going to take place.  The game needed more enemy types that attack you in different ways and more interesting environments that force you to adapt your tactics in every fight.  It needed more surprises to force you to think on your feet!  Not just portals opening and melee demons pouring through in hordes.  That's how you make an exhilerating FPS.  Oh, and the level design?  I've heard praise for how solid it is.  No, it's pretty linear.  Occasionally you have a choice between going left or going right but there's no element of exploration.  Secrets have very little value and barely qualify as secrets at all because they can usually be detected very easily since they are rarely off the path.  And again, I'll say it once more, very little difference in each fighting area.  A large arena for you to run circles or backwards in as you gradually wear the horde down.  So mindnumbingly repetitive.  You might think 'oh, an old school 100/100 health system, thats cool', no, because that's rendered completely meaningless because you can regenerate a minimum of 65% of your health AT ANY TIME.  MORE if you upgrade that skill!  This whole game is a DECEPTION.  It's not a ""classic"" FPS, its not even a GOOD FPS.The postives of the game are swordplay, gunplay, graphics, and humor.  The swordplay is easily the best part of the game.  You can do special moves, weave in and out of danger, and make really satisfying kills.  The guns are also fun, punchy, upgradable, and interesting.  Unfortunately this is all futile because the player is bombarded with the same enemies in identical situations over and over.  Graphics are solid.  The humor is juvenille but the protagonist and his companion are witty."
,Recommended,233130,31140363,Posted: 14 April,all,真 MUTANT OVERLORD(off.until1.11),Duke Nukem Forever - this is how you DON'T reboot an old FPSShadow Warrior - this is how you DO reboot an old FPS
,Not Recommended,233130,14198329,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,AStingyMiser,"Shadow Warrior is a disappointing shooter trying to capitalize on a budding market. If you'd like to read an in-depth review, you're in luck! I wrote one here:https://memegenie.wordpress.com/2015/01/26/shadow-warrior-review/"
,Not Recommended,233130,20930014,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Korolance,Worst game ever.Same enemiesSame puzzleI only got to chapter 16 and already wanted to quit
,Not Recommended,233130,16338148,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Truci,I found it boring and repetitive.They throw the same enemies over and over.Just cut them in half and continue. Rinse & repeat.Art stile is great though.4/10
76561198284359077,Not Recommended,233130,25967673,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,chrisdickinson1,"It is fun in shorts bursts. I went in there expecting to play from start to finish, but it's too repetitive. You wil enjoy the first 4 hours or so, but then it's just more of the same. I honestly wouldn't buy it, unless you can put it off for a while and then come back to it."
,Not Recommended,233130,31679491,Posted: 11 May,all,Kittenpox,"I wanted to enjoy this one, I really did.Like... I get that the over-the-top asian stereotypes are a thing, both film gaming history has had plenty of those, and I assume the game hearkens back to that. So I ignored that, for the most part. (It's actually something One Finger Death Punch does rather well, but here it just feels forced.)The level design goes back to the old 'find the blue key to open the blue door. find the red key to open the red door', which is a style I grew up with playing Doom (etc.) back in the day. But the levels are just uninspired, and good luck to you if you didn't happen to notice where to go along the way, or aren't being attacked by the final enemy or two that needs to be killed for the locked door to open (or for the coloured shrine to display its colours so you can smash it to open a door.)Why does Lo Wang have a bamboo forest in his backyard?Like, the game's not *bad* - but Steam asks: ""Do you recommend this game?"" and I just can't do that. A pity, because I was hoping to try Shadow Warrior 2 in co-op with a friend, but if the sequel is anything like this (and I have no reason to expect it won't be) then I'm better off not mentioning it at all.Maybe if I was still that peurile 15yo kid who still laughed at 'Wang' jokes, I might still enjoy the sort of humour employed here - but I'd like to think I've grown up a bit since then."
,Not Recommended,233130,30426347,Posted: 10 March,all,Frits,"Very mediocre.. The game doesn't take itself seriously, which I like, but the level design and gameplay get repetitive and boring quickly.Playing this game felt a bit brainless, just mashing buttons with gore on my screen."
,Not Recommended,233130,16497008,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,丨Ҝ乇卄丨Ҝ乇卄,"the theme. the plot. the prologue, everything is okthen the main character start draw his katana sword whatever.i lost interest. but still playingthen multiple repetitive zombies coming from nowhere. i cant even trace where the hell i swing my blade.//close gamethere goes the fun.maybe this game can satisfied other gamers. but not for me. im sorry"
,Recommended,233130,8278127,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Cartof,"Perhaps the best true fps game of 2013 !Pros:- aim down sight system- upgrade-able weapons, skills and powers- decent year 2010 level graphics- awesome music and sounds- many levels, long and fun play!- cool background story and japanese theme desig- best melee weapons ever, complex katana moves !Cons:- very simple save/load system- graphics look a bit outdated sometimes but the concept art is great- there are some really hard encounters even on easy mode, there are some hard jumps in a level or two.."
,Not Recommended,233130,20332385,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Orma,i just wanted it to end
76561197975221620,Not Recommended,233130,21273660,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,MrCapone O Mineiro,"Boring, very repetitive game, no challenge at all, even a mentally challenged kid can beat this game."
76561198031136337,Not Recommended,233130,20240587,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,(SGiP) God-Run Sky-Man,This game is not old school it has regenerating helath and powerups and linear levels and collecting things to level up your warrior..I bough it with false pretenses the only thing oldschool about this game is its movement speedVery Very dissapointed
76561198029403467,Recommended,233130,12546473,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Too_Old_For_This,"Good FPS, but too many upgrades and etc....it is realy a freaking upgrade fest. upgrade this, upgrade that, use sword, use magic, use gun, use your♥♥♥♥♥♥ too complicated"
,Recommended,233130,7946739,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Ch1kn L1ckn,Oh hell yeah
,Recommended,233130,12598931,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,RageSteel,kill .. laugh...humor..fun
,Recommended,233130,8290453,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Ichigo Bullets,"Alright, Heres a recap of this game. ITS FANTASTIC. I found out the problem with my lag issues for some reason it picks my intergrated graphics card, instead of my GTX 760. But otherwise Id give this game an 8 out of 10 :)"
,Recommended,233130,9095153,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,"Tirigon, the darkest soul","This is a game that is, basically, about slicing demons to pieces while making wang jokes. This is good, because - I quote Lo Wang himself - ""Killing demons is like killing humans, but without all the pesky moral dilemma"".If you like fun and violence and wangs, you'll love this game. If you dont, then why do you play video games anyways?!"
,Not Recommended,233130,13749400,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,jcfarsight,"This game could be quite enjoyable for people who like gore, endless waves of generic enemies and repetitive damage sink bosses.Unfortunately after playing through myself, I can't recommend it for the latter of my two points above. The storyline also wasn't gripping and the seriously long boss and mini-boss battles felt tedious at the best of times.On a positive note, I felt that it provided a fairly good challenge of skill on the Insane difficulty. This was however let down by the ridiculous amount of health and long time required to whittle that health down on bosses."
76561198082598489,Not Recommended,233130,23134805,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Abu Hajaar,The game is crap.Painfully boring and endlessly repetetive. I tried to force myself into finishing it but I couldn't. It's wank.
,Not Recommended,233130,19917656,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,[L.D.D.] Nicky Lou,"This review is based on controller support and the voice acting, they suck. You can bring the sensitivity all of the way down and its still ridiculously sensitive. The story line seems decent, however the voice acting and the cheesy lines are just horrible. if they can set up the sensitivity like in the elder scrolls then maybe the game would be better. maybe its better for mouse and keys, i wouldnt know though because i dont feel like setting up my mouse and keyboard to play this piece of junk, i mean it has a good concept, gore and dicing up enemies but, it just sucks."
,Recommended,233130,32874659,Posted: 27 June,all,crystalmeth,I wanted some Wang and I got it.
76561198072872199,Not Recommended,233130,21233392,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,mala,bad gameplay...
76561198104539301,Not Recommended,233130,17531070,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,arman.sabahi,This game runs so bad
76561198020720029,Recommended,233130,22854089,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,The Rarest Temmie,Get wanged.Grat gaim.
,Recommended,233130,22828447,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,UTTERTOMB MOTHER FUCKERS,Wanna slain some b*tches then buy this game !
,Not Recommended,233130,24530695,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,WizBiz,This hack and slash game is loads of mixed feelings. I was hoping that this game would be more interesting but it looses it's appeal very quickly.
,Recommended,233130,22815948,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Ass Pancakes ||||| blw.tf,"It is what it looks like. Linear story, great controls,Puns and jokes everywhere, and easter eggs in almost every corner!(srsly, haven't seen so many since dukem nuke)It has great optimization until you get in fights with many NPC's.Can't wait for the next one9/11"
,Recommended,233130,19360840,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Blazey,Rek♥♥♥♥♥♥with sword plus pewpew. Isgood.
76561198027907170,Not Recommended,233130,26125751,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,zyaxis555,"Bullet sponges: the game.Seriously, especially towards the end, all the game does to up the ""difficulty"" is just throw more and more bullet sponges at you. Plus, the ""combos"" are 100% impractical (especially in intense fights) since if you don't nail the timing EXACTLY, you'll just end up doing a normal attack and have to wait more crucial moments to try it again (moments that can mean the difference between re-doing a huge fight section or finishing it).So while it was mostly fine in the beginning (if a little boring), later it just mounts up the frustration and no amount of♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes and violence can save that."
,Not Recommended,233130,29061061,Posted: 6 January,all,Pastafari,"eeerm, just a very boring game... Nothing else to add"
,Recommended,233130,22060409,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Zenith,Fun hack and slash/shooter game with lots of lovely lovely gore.
76561198070135416,Not Recommended,233130,32092438,Posted: 31 May,all,Azaghal of Belegost,"I used to play the original back in the day. Sadly it suffers from the same problem as the 1997 version: despite devs' attempts to make it a somehow comedic experience it gets very boring, very quick. If you can get it on a massive discount (75%) you might consider it. But otherwise - meh."
76561198199055628,Recommended,233130,25817612,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,BigBoss,Love this game buy it now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198056368466,Recommended,233130,9538442,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Cuckles,Slicing people and demon's body parts off. ♥♥♥♥ Yes 10/10
,Recommended,233130,22821908,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Vigor,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game.The controls are great, everything is extremely responsive, tight, and feels powerful; enemies are gibbed in so many awesome ways at your hands. As far as a corridor shooter goes Shadow Warrior has one of the best stories I've seen, it is surprisingly competent, funny, mindbending, and even heart-wrenching at times.My gripes with the game are very minorInvisible walls are inconsistent throughout the game, in some places you can explore far beyond where you thought you could, but in others you seem to be constrained.Secondly, the graphics are a touch dated, but in all honesty it doesn't subtract from the game too heavily at all."
76561197971734636,Not Recommended,233130,16572292,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,jay_dudley,This game was way too demonic!  I should have done some more research before buying.
76561198069545726,Recommended,233130,25681730,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,urpos,this is a bad♥♥♥♥♥game I love to play over and over.
,Recommended,233130,8445102,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Portal Master,Nice
,Recommended,233130,31200062,Posted: 17 April,all,Gabbe The Golden Comedian,Waterfalls?
,Recommended,233130,34421359,Posted: 22 August,all,v0Ja™,Great mix of sword and gun play.
,Recommended,233130,14384858,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Pretentieux,Recommended
,Recommended,233130,29649372,Posted: 2 February,all,『OrbS』  魂,genji ultimate simulator
,Recommended,233130,29637655,Posted: 1 February,all,WetTouchⓒ,"Hack and Slash, Slice and Dice"
76561198035673533,Recommended,233130,29637886,Posted: 1 February,all,✪AirBorne,only one word : EPİC
,Recommended,233130,11783119,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Saint [TEC] Walker,"Shadow Warrior ina  nutshell: ArcadeyI use that adjective as a Postitive, i've wanted arcade games like this to see a resurgance for a long time. However, the problem with arcadey games is that harder difficulty doesn't make the AI better at killing, or increase the number of enemies, or simply make you less tanky. No, Arcade games ramp up the difficulty by making the game LONGER. The hardest difficutly in this game barely amps enemy damage and almost DOUBLES enemy health. THis isn't an issue really, because it takes two sword swings instead of one, or a Chi Power, or 30 Uzi Bullets instead of 15. The issue comes from the bosses. You literally cannot kill the first boss on the hardest difficulty unless you ahve two hours to kill and are INCREDIBLY patient, because the bosses all have the same returning mechanic. Break the armor plate by throwing lots of bullets at it, and then break the crystals underneath to take out a chunk of health. Great mechanic, don't get me wrong, until you double enemy health. Because at that point, you have to empty almost three clips of Uzi Ammo (that's with the dual weilding skill so 360 bullets) into an armor plate to break it, wait for him to use his ""Oh no, i'm stuck in place now"" attack, and then pour more ammo into the chi lines, which take even more poundings than the armor! This ^ needs to be fixed. If it were, it'd make the game freaking AMAZING. Make the hardest difficulty something like ""No Checkpoints, insta-death if hit, enemies are faster"" don't make it ""Enemies do slightly mroe damage and you'll finish the game in about...... 134 hours."""
,Recommended,233130,7793599,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Pufferfish,"Gd game, highly recommend, aight."
,Not Recommended,233130,13112956,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Dougie Jones,"Starts off okay but gets boring shortly after thanks to its crushing linearity, poor level design, monotonous gameplay and boring enemy variety. I wouldn't recommend this if you enjoyed the original but would if you enjoy a similar experience to Serious Sam that see's you fighting waves of enemies in arena like sequences instead of exploring elaborate, expertly designed, non linear maps with gameplay that complimented them heavily."
,Not Recommended,233130,15440373,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Hoja Lateralus,"Positives:+ looks nice+ swordfighting+ RPG elements+ dashing movement, you can really feel like an agile ninja+/- humour (filled with one-liners, some are going to love it, some are going to hate it)+/- very forgiving, casual (since you can heal yourself with no limits and even upgrade that skill)Negatives:- gunplay is boring (some guns have no recoil), this is a dealbreaker for me personally- weapons feel powerless- controls when using powers, because they require you to use WASD and therefore move in some direction, usually not the one you wanted- boss fights are dull- enemies are not interestingDon't get me wrong, many people may like this game, but I was looking for a 'shooter' and found gunplay boring. I also didn't play the original Shadow Warrior so nostalgia plays no role here."
76561197963702860,Not Recommended,233130,30441791,Posted: 11 March,all,Zefnar9,"With all of the garbage triple-A FPS games coming out each year, it's refreshing to see one take a few chances, and not take itself too seriously. However, Shadow Warrior does have its flaws that make it almost unplayable.The melee combat is, in my opinion, the centerpiece of Shadow Warrior. Although it feels a bit ""squishy"" before you unlock any karma powers, once you have some actual tools at your disposal, it's actually a blast. For a bit.Cutting through endless waves of relatively stupid demons is enough to entertain the player for a while, but there's a certain viscerality and tension-building that is very clearly missing. The maps are boring, and encounters are done on very level playing fields. Lo Wang has the ability to dash and sprint short distances, but that's about it as far as movement goes. In short, you will never find yourself jumping in this game. It's useless. After playing for a while, many fights against the greater demons become a repetitive cycle of kiting and slashing.And by repetitive, I mean it. The only insane thing about the Insane difficulty was the amount of health some of the demons had. With every enemy attack being relatively easy to dodge (and on the off chance you DO get hit, you have an ability to heal with a channeling spell) the hardest part of the game is killing off the smaller mobs just so they don't block you to death. And after the hard part is over, you're tasked with slashing at the big dumb demon for 5 minutes with your butterknife. Boss fights take a literal (no joke) hour of constant shooting to down. It's almost comical how incorrect the pacing is. However, I can't speak for the easier difficulties.Now, I would have actually been fine with the ridiculously tanky bosses, if the game actually let you use your sword on them. Because as it stands, it is impossible to kill any of the bosses using the sword (the most fun part of the game). There is a rather encompassing array of standard FPS weapons (including a crossbow, rocket launcher, whatever), but each of the weapons feels so ineffectual you are compelled to use the sword to have any fun. In fact, at the beginning of the game when you do pick up a pistol, it deals so little damage and feels so inaccurate that I thought it was an intentional design choice to convey the message: ""USE THE SWORD INSTEAD, IDIOT,"" kind of like in Mirror's Edge. But alas, you're lost at sea with a broken paddle (or in this case, a BB gun) and your only way home, so you can play the REAL game, is to hold down LMB for 55 minutes.The story is better than most.The humor is cringey at times, and hilarious at others. Hoji, a clever and quipping spirit that you befriend, by and far carries the game's dialogue and makes it endurable.All in all, Shadow Warrior seems to try to do what DOOM 2016 succeeded at: be a kickass, lightspeed, demonslaying simulator. It's just a shame that in this game, everybody that lives in Hell has adamantium flesh and blood.It's playable, but your right index finger might be sore for a bit afterwards."
76561198064106555,Recommended,233130,6337867,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,mrorange,"I wonder why only one other person iin my friendslist has this game?! I call it a FPS - First Person Slicer... I havw never seen such a motivating, captivating sword combat action in a first person shooter. The gameplay is rapid and nvertheless you can apply plenty of different styles to slice enemies and you will have all the old school regular weapons in a game as well, shotgun, rocket launcher, etc. Regarding the graphics: first I played it, I maxed everything out and wanted to play as well in stereoscopic 3D. Unfortunately, my GTX680 didn't do me this pleasure... long story short, the graphics are great, demading a lot of your ressources, maybe sometimes a bit repetitive, but never boring. And the best at all, this game looks just stunning with 3d vision as the developers implemented a native 3d vision - like in Tomb Raider for exemple. So, everyone that as the necessary equipment at home must, should buy this game. I never had some intense, immersive sword fight directly in front of my eyes with particles, blood and body parts flying all over my desk. Incredible! Overall a great game that is worth the 30 EUR (at least for me, but everyone has different ressources and standards). I give it a least 8/10 points and recommend the game to each of you that likes good Single Player games. Now just hope for an area mode and a sort of Multiplayer."
76561198032415486,Not Recommended,233130,26152836,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Hazukichan,"First off, I'll say that it's only grudgingly I give this game a thumbs down; if its average score was 'mixed' or below, I'd be more inclined to rate it a thumbs up. To summarize briefly; bad writing, repetitive gameplay and environments, awesome swordplay and a pretty good character upgrading system, but hunting for cash to maybe make weapons as cool as they were in the original... just doesn't all even out to ""great experience"" in my book.Shadow Warrior -or rather, this game, which I shall call Nu Shadow Warrior, as opposed to the original 3D Realms Shadow Warrior- is a game that trips itself up a lot. Let's start with the dialogue: the original had a protagonist with a hokey chinese/japanese/asian uncanny valley sort of accent so outrageous I have trouble imagining anyone who would take it seriously. He would spout arguably racist quasi-asian taunts, comments and exclamations, usually in a delightfully emphatic tone of voice. Oh, and he was probably over 50 years old; how many video games let you play as a guy that old? Just putting that out there.Now let's look at Nu Wang, Lo Wang's modern-day politically correct younger alternate universe self (or something like that). He's younger, as mentioned; he's needlessly handsome compared to the original; wait, so... old or ugly people are out, but let's get rid of racism at least! One out of three, eh, Flying Wild Hog? Just a thought there. Moving on: Nu Wang says his lines kind of like he's phoning them in. I'm guessing he read the script, whichdoeshave its moments -especially with manzai-esque two-person comedy exchanges between Nu Wang and his demon sidekick- but otherwise tends to disappoint, especially in its treatment of existing material, i.e. jokes and lines ripped from the chest of the original and then mangled like so many demon hearts. Or ripper hearts if we're being oldschool.The writer at FWH was quoted as calling his work on this game ""a much more clever sense of humor and wit"", which is kind of stretching the truth an awful lot. Fans of the original may recall the fortune cookies, which provided a nice health boost (now a pitiful, non-max-exceeding one) and a cute little line along the lines of actual cookie fortunes: ""Baseball wrong. Man with four balls cannot walk."" and the like. Well, in Nu Shadow Warrior, many if not most of these make a reappearance, only they've been edited to be... less funny. Even if we assume that it is racist to use and be amused by an engrish-style speech pattern such as actual asian nation residents would likely use unless they have extensive experience speaking english with native speakers -just as we would struggle with their languages, probably in an equally amusing way, and give them a good laugh- ...well, if we've assumed that, the writing still isn't very funny.You know when someone's telling a joke and they draw it out longer than needed, like it was written in a hurry by someone who didn't really have a knack for comedy, and it ends up being more of a statement of fact or opinion than an actual joke? That's Nu Shadow Warrior's writing in a nutshell; drawn out, inelegant, unfunny. The combat taunts and victory boasts are much the same: ""Looks like today wasn't your lucky day... too bad for you!"" ...Yes, it is. Those enemies were unlucky that they met you and died, and it is too bad for them. What part of this statement is funny, original or otherwise worth a voice actor's time? Maybe the writer expected the same energy that John Gault put into the original Lo Wang's lines, which might actually have saved that last one. Classic Lo Wang certainly had a more amusing laugh, which made it less grating to hear him laugh at his own jokes -when Nu Wang does it, it feels like he's just affirming the fact that no-one else will. There are places where they're all sarcastic, like, ""Oh, yeah, that was a bad joke, wasn't it!"" ...Well, that could work if it wasn't the norm, but sadly, it kind of is here...Phew! All that said, there are things to like, even love about Nu Shadow Warrior. Some of the weapons are pretty fun. There's a revolver that's a joy to use, except for the fact that it constantly runs out of ammo because you can barely carry any for it and the drops contain just over a single speedloader full. A number of the guns are drawn from or inspired by the original game, such as the quad-barrel shotgun or dual SMGs... except you have to buy upgrades to turn them into their true forms. Two separate upgrades for an auto-firing quad barrel shotgun! That's 6,500 cash if I remember right, and the average box or cabinet contains maybe 10-30 cash. Sound fun? Yeah, you get the gist. And even after that, it turns out the awesome auto-fire has been swapped for one big, comparatively weaksauce all-barrel blast, which just doesn't feel as powerful or satisfying. And who puts the shotgun at slot 5 in an FPS? That's nitpicking, but there it is; they broke the natural (or at least classic) order of guns.Then there's the katana. It is everything you could ever wish for a katana to be, unless perhaps you want it to be a pony or something, in which case, just get a pony instead. It has neat moves, it has utility, it has potential, it has upgrades, and if you're bold enough you can more or less fight most enemies using nothing else. I enjoyed that a lot, and it does the team credit to see a melee weapon treated so lovingly in an FPS. It's almost worth recommending the game just for this.The story is adequate. You could call it moving, in places, but I hesitate to use that term as I don't like assigning that kind of credit to a story which mostly just dumps a bunch of tragedy on you, piecemeal-style, until you have the whole sad picture. You're barely even interacting with the events of the story; Nu Wang himself is really just running around hacking and blasting things and occasionally people to pieces for various bad reasons. Because he was ordered to, because they're shooting at him, because they're invading his dimension... and then he sort of goes right off the deep end andbetrays his own boss and alliesin favor of... er... plothole, anyone? Nu Wang burns his bridges quite spectacularly at one point, and the best motivation I can come up with forwhyis that he either expects his allies to betray him because he suspects they believe he will betray them -paranoia cycle, anyone?- or that his ego couldn't handle being mocked briefly by two women. So we're not sexist any more, eh, FWH? 'Course not, just thatthe 'strong' male protagonist tries to kill his two female colleagues for no good reason.The development team doesn't seem to have been very large, which probably explains why a lot of the environments feel very samey; everywhere you go, the same boxes, cabinets and so forth. It's not that there's no variety; between levels and sometimes within a level, there'll be dramatic changes of scenery, even if the levels themselves tend to be fairly linear, though the paths get a little pretzel-shapes in places. Sometimes you'll end up revisiting the same place (not counting if you get lost or can't figure out where to go), which feels a bit annoying, but overall they did a very good job for a team their size, I suspect.The combat and enemies are both pretty good. It feels less like Shadow Warrior and more like Serious Sam, to be honest, but that's not really a bad thing; different, but not bad. The dodging system is pretty simple, though sprinting requires you to dodge forward first, which can be awkward; especially as you don't seem to be able to jump while sprinting or dodging, so when you're at a ledge facing a tricky jump, you'd better hope the old ""get a running start"" reflexes don't kick in, or it's a quick messy date with the pavement. Also Nu Wang can't swim.A pretty good game all in all, but the flavor line writing, and Nu Wang's delivery of them, just bring it down for me."
,Not Recommended,233130,31669022,Posted: 10 May,all,hauser,kind of like serious sam but not fun
76561198076875045,Not Recommended,233130,8323190,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,COOPer,"This game seems odd to me.For starters, it is nothing like the original Shadow Warrior whatsoever. Yes, I know what a reboot is, but if your game is unrecognizable as being set in the same universe aside from characters and some weapons, you've strayed too far from the original. The combat is smooth, polished and enjoyable but that's all the game has going for it.In a lot of ways, Shadow Warrior feels like a downgrade from the original (obviously, minus the graphics). The original's combat wasn't as refined or sensitive as this one's, but it was definitely faster-paced. In the original, you blasted your way through levels. In this, you progress slowly through linear arenas, trying to kill the demons as stylishly as possible before moving onto the next generic arena.Oh yeah, demons. Those are pretty much the only enemies in the game. There's about five different types, all similar, three of which are melee only, plus three greater demons (Necromancer, Minotaur, Annoying Armoured ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥) and three crappy boss battles. In a game of this size, the limited enemy variety feels repetitive. The original had baboons, different kinds of ninjas, invisble super ninjas, coolies, spirits, bees, sumos, snake demons... there's just so much variety there.The story of this game is alright. It's not too bad. The dialogue that explains it though, is awful. I can confidently say this game has the worst dialogue I've ever heard. It's so tryhard and cliched. The game's humour is terribad too. Only once did I find myself amused, and that was at the opening cutscene where Lo Wang is jamming out in his car. Really, this is where the game falls flat on its face. Without funny jokes and taunts, without having a likeable Lo Wang, the game has no charm or appeal whatsoever. This young Lo Wang is an emotional, Justin Bieber-like crybaby. The old Lo Wang is a crazy, old, stereotypical asian man with more firepower than the North Korea Army. I know which Wang I prefer.If you haven't played the original, buy it. It's cheap as chips and a classic, way better than this."
,Not Recommended,233130,32046080,Posted: 29 May,all,Big Daddy Bear,"This game is boredom personified, I couldn't even finish it with how tedious it is."
76561198015835074,Not Recommended,233130,14200754,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Stens,"boring, boring, boring, play this game only if you dont undertand the pleasure of play real FPS games"
,Not Recommended,233130,17109190,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,DirectC,"This game is really average, and no it is nothing like old Shadow warrior.Controls feels awkward, shooting is not fun - feels really stiff.2/10"
,Recommended,233130,19357763,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Miia♡,I Go Bang Bang 11/10
76561198035946000,Not Recommended,233130,29120952,Posted: 8 January,all,GolovA,"Nuh.  Good story, nice voicing, but the gameplay is just not worth it."
,Recommended,233130,31449041,Posted: 29 April,all,Yuuta Togashi,It's sheit
,Recommended,233130,9327688,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Terepin,Pure enjoy from killing countless of monsters. The only downside is TERRIBLE antialiasing.
,Recommended,233130,7342433,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Star Trucker,The one word that sums this game up is FUN! You really feel like a ninja warrior badass slicing through demon hordes with the most satisfying melee combat since Dark Messiah of Might and Magic. I fully recommend this game to everyone!
76561197961025317,Not Recommended,233130,30415250,Posted: 9 March,all,Grospoliner,Bad level designs combined with bad enemy designs make for incredibly poor gameplay.-D
76561197980894554,Not Recommended,233130,15111580,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Hitman,"Boring game after the initial fun. One of the most overrated games I have ever played.Not to mention the sword fight is annoying, inprecsie and the input is artifially difficult, to balance the fact that the sword is so overpowered.Expect a few hours of mild entertainment, but dont expect a fun game. Basically, at like 5$ or less you can buy it. Wait for a steamsale though."
76561197964957227,Not Recommended,233130,22030797,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Tarbas,sucks bigtime - overrated and does not even come close to the original shadow warrior
76561198059641737,Not Recommended,233130,22914092,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Sevrin,"Cliches, racism, unoriginal and lazy game design.Everything explodes, I frequently find myself dying to something that didn't look explosive suddenly exploding right beside me.Invisible walls everywhere. Easily passed obstacles not only used as area boundaries, but also blatantly placed in the middle of areas to make you walk around to the other side of them.Gameplay is like every other game of this type. Nothing new or interesting or well done.Main character is boring as hell. Standard cliche arrogant ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ gang type. They even go out of their way to establish what a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥this guy is in the opening scene.Everything feels extremely racist, but especially the fortune cookies, which serve no purpose other than to give you stupid useless not even funny messages.5/10, would not buy again."
76561197989704407,Not Recommended,233130,32169677,Posted: 4 June,all,Ultimate Beta,Fairly dull.....
76561198085974400,Not Recommended,233130,26415999,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Munguard,"Imagine a retro shooter with a katana and demons and♥♥♥♥♥♥sounds cool, right?But you know what would be even cooler?Add loads of backtracking, an insufferable main character whose name is just a♥♥♥♥♥♥joke (which actually summarises him pretty well) having to loot every single house you find to get ammo, keys, collectibles and enough money to upgrade your guns.Speaking of upgrades, you have weapons, passive skills and powers, each having their own currency: money, karma points and Ki crystals. In my opinion there are way too many upgrade options, and the weapon upgrades are decent but altogether too pricey. There are around four trees in both skills and powers with around five upgrades in each. The upgrades are mostly useless after unlocking the ones that unlock new skills and powers.Although I'll admit playing it without focusing on the looting can be pretty fun, but aforementioned backtracking effectively breaks up the rhythm in a way you don't really feel as if you're progressing.All in all it's mediocre to subpar. Get something like Doom or Painkiller instead. (people like those, right?)But don't take my word for it; I'm ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, according to people on the internet."
76561198085578948,Not Recommended,233130,23026664,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Western Lowland,Man this game is dry. The old one is THE one.This is a dead game
,Not Recommended,233130,29697354,Posted: 4 February,all,Joker San,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ game with PS2 graphics, bad jokes, terrible voice acting.+ Sword fights- The whole entire game4/10"
,Not Recommended,233130,17620798,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,C:aptain,I do not recommend this game
76561198091442852,Recommended,233130,25690505,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,heart attack,*tips fedora and shows katana collection*8/10
,Recommended,233130,8329948,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Tutu Tittymittens,"Shadow Warrior truly is everything I enjoy about 90's FPS's in one little ball. Tons of gore, tons of weapons, and even alternate firing modes to tickle my heart strings. Weapons are diverse, and equally effective. This is also the first game FPS that I've ever played where playing a pure melee character is truly viable. Combat is genocidal and brainless, just like classic shooters. And some criticize it for being repetitive and reusing the same enemies a little too often for its own good. To which I reply ""HAVE YOU EVER PLAYED SHADOW WARRIOR OR DOOM?"". It's meant to emulate that style while slapping on a lite version of the humor (to cease the accusations of racism) and a modern paintjob. Environments and kills look great. Individual limbs can be wrecked for fountains of gore. The intro has ""You've Got the Touch"". That's all that really needs to be said. It's one of my favorite first-person shooters and I recommend it highly."
76561198049945266,Not Recommended,233130,28987726,Posted: 3 January,all,ZombieKef,"I found this to be overlong and repetitive (the same environments, decorations, and fights, repeated). I used to treat the old Build games (Duke Nukem 3D etc) as action survival horrors. This revamp is just arena action. Walk into a room, enemies teleport in, fight, then the door magically opens. Now and again you have to find the equivalent of red, green and blue keycards to move on. The story is confusing and weak, and the characters unlikable. The action is good but without any connection to the game I was mostly bored, with peaks of frustration when I couldn't climb a low railing to get to an area I wanted to reach (some ninja ...), or I would drown in a bit of water. I actually thought the first level was the only really enjoyable one. If you like action above all else, you may well enjoy this. But for me it was a bit of a disappointment."
,Recommended,233130,9229482,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Eric Salads (💤),This
,Recommended,233130,34431413,Posted: 22 August,all,Darkpriest,Nice Game !
76561198115503663,Recommended,233130,7988699,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,EdgeLordMcEdgerson,"A trip back to the old school, and what a bloody good trip it is. Tired of all the♥♥♥♥♥♥4 hour single player games now adays? Prepair to spend atleast 12 hours playing this bad boy before you finish it. Wave of wave of enimies with many diffrent weapons to kill them with!"
,Recommended,233130,34422898,Posted: 22 August,all,Hexzon,♥♥♥♥ing lit
76561198043038506,Recommended,233130,10483820,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Excelsior Celsius ॐ,It could not be better than this!
76561198043777940,Not Recommended,233130,23436016,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Shiva,I got fed up getting lost all the time on small maps. I just wanted to kill some stuff.
,Recommended,233130,22921223,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Sountrex,"If you like an amazing FPS game that includes awesome cleverly hidden easter eggs all around the game : from a girl in a bathtub,godzilla to a hidden pixel art levels from the original game then this game is for you you can either go for the main quests without exploring the map for secrets (which you should do btw!) to skills and weapon upgrades, this game feels the same as serious sam and its one of my personal favourites if you like ss then you would love this game tooi rate it 10/10"
,Recommended,233130,19783064,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,A_NAL_R_APE_666,Feels/10
76561197987843932,Not Recommended,233130,15580953,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,spessu_sb,"Bad game, so far from the original 1997 Shadow Warrior. This game also uses the annoying modern design where you have to wait and watch and never get to actually play. Weapons feel like nothing, enemies aren't satisfying to kill, dumb serious music playing, progression system so that you have wait frustratingly long till you get some actual somewhat decent weapons, level design is very awkward since you just proceed from locked battle arena to next arena. You will always get locked inside an area and then the game starts spawning enemies at you, very non-old school. You don't get amazed at the clever level design since there is no clever level design because it's just all linear with few dead ends every now and then on left and right. You never have to wonder where you need to go since it's just the typical ""keep moving forward"" approach. Game also at certain points locks the doors behind you so you cannot do backtracking.Play 1997 version instead since it's all about fun compared to this yet another modern ""old school"" fps.."
76561197995581401,Not Recommended,233130,30439195,Posted: 10 March,all,dantose,"Very much a simple linear shooter. Interaction with the environment was minimal. Storyline isn't bad and graphics/audio are decent, but overall it's pretty mediocre."
,Not Recommended,233130,16489300,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,crowbar,"rating: worth buying at sale price (<5€)score: 5.5/10 - hard to recommendsimilar games: Doom, Serious Samtags: melee combat, FPS, splatterFirst: I played for way more than 2 hours, but in offline mode. Thats why Steam just says 2 hours.This game has so many design flaws its incredible that it is still fun sometimes. Probably because at the end of the day its still a FPS with a lot of splatter. So even if I do not recommend this game, you could buy it for maybe 5€ or less and have some fun. When people who arent experts about FPS talk about FPS they always say things like ""yeah FPS are cool, shut down your brain and just shoot stuff and have a good time"", when I hear stuff like that I always get angry, because thats just what FPS look like on the surface, whats actually true is that for the great FPS games there is a lot of thought put behind enemy design, weapon design and level design and as the player you also do tons of decisions in very small time periods without even noticing it.The thing is for Shadow Warrior its actually true what those people say about FPS. A dumb mindless shooter. There are times in the game where it throws like 30-40 of the same standard melee enemies at you. All you do is run backwards and keep shooting. Who the hell designed that? The game waits a really long time before introducing new enemy types, but even those are not much different to the previous, some are design really bad for example the guy with the shields which arent a threat to you at all but have tons of hp. Or the big guys which can revive smaller demons but are also not a threat to you and the demons he spawn are also not a threat because you can just circle around and keep dodging and shooting the big guy. You are not really ""playing"", you are working.Also the game waits REALLY long to give you new weapons, but even worse is the order you get the weapons. You start with the revolver which makes sense, but then you get a machine pistol. First of all why a machine pistol intead of an assault rifle or something like that? The Revolver is already really weak and then you give the player another weak weapon? Also the machine pistol is not much different to the revolver from the way you use it. After that you get the crossbow which is basicly the same thing as the revolver, only does more damage. The good way would be to give the player the revolver first and then the shotgun, then you would have 2 completely different weapons very early and more variety. But thats by far not the only problems with weapons. Visually they are design very inconsistent. The rocket launcher looks like its from serious sam, the machine pistol is from Call of Duty, the Shotgun is from Unreal Tournament. They just feel very random. On top of the that the sound-design of the weapons is ♥♥♥♥ING TERRIBLE. They sound extremely weak and boring which makes them boring to use. ON TOP OF THAT they are extremely weak, or the enemies are bullet sponges. And on top of that the hit-feedback is terrible. When enemies die they explode, but when you shoot them there is just a little bit of blood, when they are far away you cant even tell if you hit them or not. It feels like playing the censored version of Left 4 Dead.The upgrade system is broken as hell, most upgrades are really boring stuff like ""+10% damage"", ""you find more money"". Also the fact that you can buy ammo is a huge design flaw. And the menus of the upgrade screen are dreadful and also the animation each time you switch a page takes way too long which makes navigating through these menus annoying. And there is so much space wasted they could use...The magic abilities you can unlock are so ♥♥♥♥ing useless. They take ages to charge and shoot and are so weak and useless since you will only hit like 2-3 enemies for maybe 3 seconds but get attacked by maybe 40 enemies. Compare this to Bioshock Infinite where you IMMEDIATELY shoot the ability after pressing the button and you hit everything on the way and it looks really spectacular.But. The worst and ugliest design decision is the health system. This is the most weird compromise between regenrating health and the old fashioned way with med-kits I ever saw, because its broken and it makes the game extremely easy. I didnt die A SINGLE TIME on the HIGHEST DIFFICULTY (AND THAT WITHOUT EVEN UPGRADING THE HEALING SKILL FFS). Any damage you take doesnt matter at all because you can just dodge away and heal it. Med kit pickups are useless. There will be one boss later which attacks so slow that you can just heal the damage he does between every of his attacks.Level design is also not great, but this is the only thing which is not completely♥♥♥♥♥♥ because it offers at least some exploration and rewards you for that. But because you can buy ammo and heal anytime it also is a bit broken.Graphics are not great, but the game has some nice locations. But I hate the artstyle of this game, these is so much stuff on the screen at one time it makes it hard to keep track of whats happening. It looks very dirty and noisy, there is fire, particle effects, lens flare all that♥♥♥♥♥♥ On top of that the gun models take up 1/4 of the screen. Compare this to Counter-Strike Global Offensive, the difference is day and night, hell dont compare it to CSGO (which is the cleanest game anyway), compare it to Metro Last Light which is set in a very dirty postapocalyptic setting, but still is clear.As someone who thinks that FPS have developed backwards and that we need to design our FPS as in the 90s again, I was excited for this Shadow Warrior game but it simply sucks. Thankfully we got Wolfenstein the new Order and soon Doom. Maybe Shadow Warrior 2 will fix most of the problems, maybe this game doesnt suck because the developers suck, but because they didnt have as much time and budget as they needed. We will see with their next game."
,Recommended,233130,13356874,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Kyano,"Now only was this game gory and a hell of a lot of fun, but it really had a great story (at least to me)It was incredibly funny at times and was enjoyable the entire way. Hoji is literally the best character to me and had his own little remarks that made this just an awesome journey to continue.SPOILERThe game had a decent saddening ending to it (at least to me) and it has a way for a sequel if needed be, which I definetly would buy no matter what.PROS:FunGoryGreat StoryAwesome VisualsPuns and JokesDecently long storyGreat secretsFunny easter eggsCONS:The game had it's boring parts throughout the storyI didn't enjoy the 'puzzles' as muchThere wasn't enough interaction between Lo Wang and Hoji, and I wished they talked more throughout the campaignFinal Rating:8.5/10-Great all around and is absolutely worth the money."
76561198225932056,Not Recommended,233130,34399842,Posted: 21 August,all,Nazarick,"This game is proof that balance is everything. Every aspect of it is at least decent, all aside from the level design, wich is horrible. You'll get frustrated a lot because of this. You'll get lost not knowing what to do and it rearly will be your fault. I really wanted to like this game, but I simply can't enjoy it. You may like it, but for me it's just a mediocre game that fails horribly, even though it had great potential."
76561198016259229,Not Recommended,233130,13504654,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,The Viper,The worst melee experience ever in any game. Giant piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ don't believe the hype.
,Not Recommended,233130,30535673,Posted: 15 March,all,you did,"The game isn't too bad but it's not good either. It's just ""meh"" and gets boring really fast. It's a very easy and repetitive hack and slash game and there's not much reason to use all the different weaponry which you have at your disposal except to get a higher score.I do enjoy the cutscenes and the small talk between Lo and the shadow demon who's helping him but that's almost the only thing I enjoy about the game and it's just not enough."
76561198035928344,Not Recommended,233130,29368425,Posted: 19 January,all,Wills Spill,"Repetitive garbage.There is enough content for maybe 6 hours of enjoyment and that's a stretch. The amount of copy paste environments combined with the dull and unchallening enemies make this a slog to get through. The only thing the devlopers could add to bring some actual diffulty to the game to load up  mini boss enemies with absurd amounts of health to make even average fights laste nearly 10 minutes at times.See Doom for a game that understands how to bring back retro FPS mechanics into the new era. This is just frustrating at best with a sad excuse of a plot that takes back seat to a cringeworthy relationship with your spirit buddy.Do yourself a favor and skip directly to SW2, which is a much better game in it's own right that makes this one look like absolute dogshit."
,Not Recommended,233130,32038683,Posted: 29 May,all,527491382,cannot create profile stupid game
76561198091365522,Not Recommended,233130,23463303,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Elliott,Boring
,Recommended,233130,22854347,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,XNyst,Good Game
,Recommended,233130,17608727,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,8th | MaquilingskiSwifty,I may sound racistBut demons looks like all the sameahahahahahaha
,Recommended,233130,7884600,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Altheniar,Bloody Old School
76561198132135433,Recommended,233130,13176438,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Louise Belcher from Bob'sBurgers,"I just bought this game, spent a few hours on it, here is my, ""so far"" review. It's actually pretty interesting, I expected a lot less, seeming as we live in an era infested with bland, mediocre, and thoughtless shooters. I had bought this for $9.99 on sale. Worth every penny for that price, but 29.99 tops is all you should part with. $39.99 seems a bit harsh though, as it can feel repititious, and maybe a little bland to some, I actually, come to think of it, payed, ""12.49"" on sale, I bought the special edition. Now, this lady BARELY plays shooters, I was actually disappointed with far cry 4, but this, well this is a blood bath. If you love violent hack and slashes, hurry and buy this on sale, beheading people feels like bliss in this! The demons feel bland, and not very diverse, but this feels like it was intended, as Lo Wang makes a wisecrack, ""Not to sound racist, but you demons all look alike."" hinting, this was in fact INTENDED! The shooting controls are tight, responsive, and all around fluid, and easy to use. For my 2.4 almosttwo and a half hours play time, I can say if you like violent games like, ""Manhunt"" but also like an FPS game, buy this, the gore is amazing, I find myself torturing opponents. The sword play, listen here, you come for the promise of a crazy, out there FPS game, but you STAY for those katana controls. It is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥! The sword, you will find  yourself donning the katana, and only using lead based weaponry for certain situations, JUST, JUST so you can carve up fresh victims! The controls, well, never really feel overwhelming, or nonresponsive. But, alas, there are some severe issues, though some can be negligible. The frame rate is an issue, it seems to drop a good bit. I will admit, it never drops too often in combat, unless there is an immense number of enemies, and spells occuring on screen. Best to buy on sale, than, well, let's put it this way, 4.5/5 for this game on discount, regular price, dropped it to abouuuuuuuut, 3.25/5 The story is convoluted, jumbled, and hard to follow, but just ignore it if it bores you so much."
76561198157249406,Not Recommended,233130,22663069,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,WartortleMD,♥♥♥♥ing sucked♥♥♥♥♥
76561198071015672,Not Recommended,233130,34242678,Posted: 14 August,all,Aerith,"Sure is a good game, but it´s not my type of hack´n slash."
76561198210647184,Not Recommended,233130,18803547,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,khaymnadams2298,doesnt work. slow loading. waste of money. not recommended.
,Recommended,233130,21543362,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,MeatShake,Definitely one of the best FPS games in existence.
76561198033924046,Recommended,233130,32835371,Posted: 26 June,all,BLACKSasquatch,.
76561198140196713,Recommended,233130,32875896,Posted: 27 June,all,streatsweep™,what does the special edition come with???
76561198035643084,Recommended,233130,13784747,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Jr786,"If you thought Lo Wang showed us all No Pain, No Gain in the DOS Classic, Redux and the 2 Expansion Packs on Steam! Then I hope your ready for some Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Action as Lo-Wang shows Turtle Power in Honor of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles from:The Original 1984 Comic1987-1996 CBS Saturday Morning Cartoon Show2003-2009 CW4Kids TV Version1990, 1991 & 1993 Live Action Movies1997-1998 Next Mutation TV Series2007 CGI Movie2009-2010 Turtles Forever Movie (Uncut & Cut Versions)2012-2017 CGI TV Seriesand2014 Live Action Remake Moviein the biggest, baddest and most Turtleriffic Enhanced Unreal Engine Powered Remake of Shadow Warrior! The Classic MS-DOSBOX, Windows HD Redux Version & 2013 Enhanced Remake Versions are TOTALLY AWESOME!!!TMNT 2012 Opening Theme:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0jBNYi-LxIhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PuKzGYxh_mUhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0emrMDovfFgTeenage Mutant Ninja TurtlesTeenage Mutant Ninja TurtlesTeenage Mutant Ninja TurtlesHeroes in a halfshellTurtle power!Here we go! It's the lean, green, ninja teamOn the scene, cool teens doing ninja thingsSo extreme, up the sewers like laser beamsGet rocked with the shell shocked pizza kingsCan't stop these radical dudesThe secret of the ooze made the chosen fewEmerge from the shadows to make their moveThe good guys win and the bad guys loseLeonardo is the leader in blue, does anything it takes to get his ninjas throughDonatello is the fellow, has a way with machinesRaphael has the most attitude on the teamMichealangelo, he's one of a kind, and you know where to find him when it's party timeMaster Splinter taught them every single skill they needTo be one lean, mean, green incredible teamTeenage Mutant Ninja TurtlesTeenage Mutant Ninja TurtlesTeenage Mutant Ninja TurtlesHeroes in a halfshellTurtle power!Buy this Wicked Sick Totally Awesome & Great ready for some Turtleriffic Fun! You may also want to check out the all of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Series: The Original 1984 Comic, 1987-1996 CBS Saturday Morning Cartoon Show, 2003-2009 CW4Kids TV Version, 1990, 1991 & 1993 Live Action Movies, 1997-1998 Next Mutation TV Series, 2007 CGI Movie, 2009-2010 Turtles Forever Movie (Uncut & Cut Versions), 2012-Present CGI TV Series and 2014 Live Action Remake Movie!COWABUNGA!!!I made yet another Funny, Ha ha ha ha!"
,Not Recommended,233130,13874197,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,vamp826,Don't do it.
,Recommended,233130,3199976,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Anime Avatars Get Blocked,I give this a 9 on the wang-o-meter.
,Not Recommended,233130,8348845,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,until you like it,"Decent twitch shooter with too much baggage and poorly thought out mechanics. It would be a lot better if it didn't suffer from invisible wall syndrome, pseudo-rpg levelup system, and effectively rotating between combat and exploration gameplay instead of integrating them. Other problems include poor control customization options and sluggish weapon swaps, and a few too many fights with enemies that are just cannon fodder. The level design would be divine if not inhibited by clear miscommunication with the graphics designers, where the difference between what is in the game and what you see pretty much ruins the exploration part of the game. A few tweaks could really improve the game quite a bit, but I can't recommend the game when it suffers from such a lack of fine-tuning across the board."
,Not Recommended,233130,18545550,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,`KoyoT,Worst game ever played
76561198030191876,Not Recommended,233130,20007694,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,SuperDoggie,Mindless shooter for 9 year olds.
76561198219277139,Not Recommended,233130,30676015,Posted: 22 March,all,Coyote,"Shadow Warrior isn't a badly designed game. The style is very vibrant and well done. However, the game is extremely boring! I bought this thinking it would be like the politically incorrect version in the 90's. Unfortunately PC culture (Not computer) has made this game just another run of the mill first person action game. After the first few levels I just lost interest. It's a hard game to complete and it's not due to difficulty it's just there's nothing making this game stand out like the 90's classic."
,Recommended,233130,13544239,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Neko-Nomikon,"Walked around beautifully designed levels.Used a perfectly balanced sword to slice off limbs of screaming enemies. (I can't explain in words how EXCELLENT the sword is to use in this game)Shot enemies in the crotch with a quad barelled shotgun.Upgraded guns and powers so I was a god among men.Ate fortune cookies which informed me of STD's.Watched bunny rabbits have rough outdoor sex.Heard witty remarks from a sarcastic demon.Cut well groomed Asian men in half.Watched Koi Carp swim about in ponds.Bought at 90% off.Did I mention you're called Lo Wang and your character says ""I guess I was too much Wang for them to handle""?"
,Recommended,233130,20360906,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Zetarad,"In this game you play as Yasuo from League Of Legends.You can use all of his broken♥♥♥♥♥abilities, including some of Lucian's abilities because Yasuo is a broken piece of trash.Most of the time you'll be running around farming minions and killing innocent black and yellow people because that's whatyasuo ♥♥♥♥ing does, he's a wasted a broken piece of trash. Mechanically and mentally.After playing this game i bought a Samurai sword and started chasing defenceless black people in order to becomejapanese just like Yasuo, what i ended up becomming is a fat disgusting weeaboo, my wife left me and i ended up in a deep state of depression.I still wake up screaming in the middle of the night as of today,There is no god.Please help."
,Not Recommended,233130,13201619,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Jarzka,Too often there seems to be a problem not knowing what to do and where to go.
,Not Recommended,233130,32111179,Posted: 1 June,all,Mashuqur,-Camera annoyingly bops up and down while running.-No  mini-map-Got stuck in the bamboo forest in Chapter 1 and couldn't find a way to progress further.Going to refund this.
,Not Recommended,233130,14121809,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,The Big Shoe,"haha, awittl RACIST DONT YOU THINK??????not all fricking chinese people go whing ching ding like this stupid game make out to be.... -.- honestly if this gmae were REAL traditonal chinese there would be fortune cookies and epic 9 tail foxes. bruce lee didn't act like this so I honestly doubt it's even bsased on him......-"
,Not Recommended,233130,14022918,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Rusty Shackleford,I forgot to not recommend this game. It gets bad after like 15 minutes in.
,Not Recommended,233130,14077244,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Moseszator,No idea why this game has ratings at 96%. It's a gory arcade shooter that will make even the most seasoned gamers feel disgusted.
,Not Recommended,233130,20946889,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,EXtraDonut,Nineteen Ninety Seven Classic Video Game
76561198071221914,Recommended,233130,6641687,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,templa6,相変わらず間違ったザパニーズが炸裂する中でお兄チャンバラを楽しむゲーム。刀がだいぶ強いので銃がやや飾りになってる。なお、やってることはHard Resetとそんなに変わらないじゃんとか言ってはいけない。開発が一緒だからしょうがないよね。
76561198057600045,Not Recommended,233130,29483684,Posted: 25 January,all,thevibe27,"Didn't play for long, old style of game, didn't enjoy much. 5/10"
,Not Recommended,233130,23254308,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Whystudy,"THE GAME'S OBJECTIVE IS NOT VERY CLEAR.AND I CAN TELL U,IT WASTED 20MINS OF MY LIFE."
,Not Recommended,233130,24680837,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,McDougell,Repetitive.
,Not Recommended,233130,26370299,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Saygon,"Protagonist freezes while start moving in any direction.If you think you can play FPS without moving in battle, you can buy it."
76561198193311606,Recommended,233130,27768783,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,☺Nope-kun☻,Epic Game Swinging your sword carelessly is one hell of fun :D
76561197991411689,Recommended,233130,7954034,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,FireStarter,Good looks but no brains :D
76561198081450332,Not Recommended,233130,12520730,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Iso Koala,"The game is great gory fun for a while. but soon gets repetitive and boring.The environments look technically great, but are awfully boring otherwise. A huge shipyard where you have to spend like 4 hours? Then a boring secret military hideout with copy pasted rooms, where you spend same ammount of time. The first 30 minutes of the game environment are the most fun you will ever see.Same with the enemies, the most fun enemies to fight are the common (completely effortless and easy) cannon fodder enemies. The enemies in later stages are just pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and frustraring to kill. Suicide bombers that roll at you, again and again and again, really?2D cutscenes are pretty awesome in the game though, after finishing the game I watched all of them again and they made more sense after the ending too.Overall the game was chore to play, and not a retro FPS by any means. Just a generic Gears of War-style wave shooter with cool katana and name taken from a past classic game. For better katana hack and slash with plenty of gore, I recommend Ninja Gaiden 2 for Xbox 360, if you have that."
,Not Recommended,233130,31356682,Posted: 25 April,all,HnSm_Jack,Melee combat from first person view and at a reaallly fast pace is not a good choice.
,Not Recommended,233130,8260774,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,sKo713,"I feel very let down.   Maybe I expect too much.   Getting burnt on using mostly sword and repetitive enemies, and unresponsive powers. So far guns suck.  I have been playing it on Hard which isn't too hard, but a bit frustrating with these ♥♥♥♥♥♥ powers failing half the time. I plan to finish this game and hope that some how it gets better. I feel like The game so far is overwhelmed with red taking away from the blood and gore.Seems developers can't get the♥♥♥♥♥♥down..  The originals were great.  Old Shadow Warrior was great   ...it had a great multiplayer ...better than old Duke ...which was great for the time.  But it just feels like a fresh turd ....just like the newer Duke Nukem, and Rise of the Triad.  All great original titles that these new developers have crapped all over.Where are weapons that shred (Shadow Warrior has it but something is missing from the feeling) and bullets that knock the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of things. I want to see stuff react to my gameplay. Hell if they just had taken the original game upped the graffix made enemies smarter with better bullet registration on enemies that made them spin turn etc.  Some how randomized the enemies a bit so they all looked slightly different to way different using the same model.  Change up the sounds different ones make. SOMETHING!!!!!Seems for the most part the down fall of first person shooters was Halo with so many fresh console players.When are we going to see the FPS come back something bad♥♥♥♥♥Hopefully ID and Bethesda will properly breed FallOut and Rage so we might have something worth playing."
76561198137072200,Not Recommended,233130,13487922,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,SWAN,This game is rediculously dumb. Its great for screenshots to sell to customers though!
,Not Recommended,233130,21911297,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,외계인,I don't like this game because the main character isn't white.0/10
76561198023854720,Not Recommended,233130,22892054,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,RockinRaoul,This may be the worst game I ever played. And the Visceral Cleanup isn't a game.I bought it on the strength of the positive reviews. I don't know what those people are smoking. This is just plain horrible. And the humor isn't even slightly funny.
,Not Recommended,233130,30488347,Posted: 13 March,all,DEAD,garbage
,Not Recommended,233130,10095994,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Jimmybeaver,"Shadow Warrior is very cleverly designed so you spend more time picking up things and wondering where you have to go than killing enermy's. Great Graphic's, great skills and powers too, but most the time the combat is to quick to use the powers properly. The music in this game is great, but i like meditation type music and honestly after playing this game for 2 hours, it inspired me to clean my house. The remake of the old classic has some fun moments as you dice things up playing as wang and opening up fortune cookie's. But as the levels go on it gets harder to know where your ment to go, for $5-10 on sale if you feel like a solo wang, for the graphic's and music is worth it. But be prepared for a frustrating end of ""Where do I go Now?"""
76561198099865600,Not Recommended,233130,10166241,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,not the real slim shady,"I don't know what it is, but this game just is not my thing. I want to like it but I just can't. I like the melee combat and the guns, but something about it just feels off. Trust me I've fiddled and unfiddeled the controls 'till I could try to improve no more. I would recomend buying this game if you like old-school shooters. This game does mix together the old and the new very well. I just can't say I enjoyed it."
,Not Recommended,233130,11346814,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,snit1,my character has been on fire for 3 chapters and it's giving me a headache3/10
,Not Recommended,233130,13239556,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Drew,story 3/10gameplay 7/10sound 5/10graphic 6/10result 5.5/10
,Not Recommended,233130,8586221,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,ThatMadTitan,"I first bought this game, on a whim, after watching the trailer here on steam. The lead character, Lo wang, singing ""you've got the touch"" made me laugh something fierce so I chucked out the $10 (on sale) and started downloading. The game in itself had a decent combat system and looked OK from a graphical standpoint. Much to my dismay, however, I found the storyline EXTREMELY repetitive and not very interesting. The voice acting was mediocre and character development, apart from establishing the protagonist as a relatable nerd, was non-existent. Its not a terrible game (I would give it a 7, being generous) but it is definitely not worth the $40 sale price. I also found it more of a chore in continuing storyline, quiting just over halfway through."
76561198066051135,Not Recommended,233130,24328478,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,themuffinmanXL,"buy doom it's way better in every way. The gameplay is dull and enemy placement have no thought put into it.Also if you have a MAC be carefull because even though it says it is compatible, your onbaord graphics might night support it well and make the game look sandyI only recommend it if you are a busy person and need a fast way of releasing stress."
,Not Recommended,233130,8239254,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Sailor Moon,"I can't bring myself to finish this game because what I did play was so boring. The levels are very visually appealing. The production as a whole seems decent. That's about the best I can say for this game.The tech tree is overblown, the swordplay is boring, the skills are boring, the gunplay is unsatisfying, the scripted events in this game are so predictable and cliche I could gag, the game has way too much dialog and tries too hard to be cinematic given that the plot is awful (the master/sidekick/whatever was so corny it hurt). The entire world feels extremely static which is jarring considering how well detailed and lush it is, visually. And it just doesn't feel fun to play.Not what I was looking for in a classic FPS remake. Or even just a general time-passing game. Good production values don't save what sucks about the core Shadow Warrior gameplay and level design. If I had to give it a number I'd give it 5/10 for the simple fact that the game at least *works* and the art, music, and sound effects are pretty decent."
76561197968668475,Not Recommended,233130,25238568,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Dathek,"Extremely bad enemy design.  Was good, up until the sixth or seventh fight with dual berzerker/charging demons.  Repetitive map design, dull weapons that just don't seem to pack enough pucnh.  Would not reccommend overall."
,Not Recommended,233130,9730734,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Tuoppo,"The action is ok I guess, but its padded out with sections of just walking down corridors and searching all nooks and crannies for secrets, money and bullets. This sort of kills the adrenaline feel you want."
76561198198074545,Not Recommended,233130,24644221,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Nuts,got repetitive way to soon
76561198016597697,Not Recommended,233130,26050977,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Lord Commander,"Что такое Shadow Warrior? По сути, это шутер в духе Serious Sam, Painkiller и прочих шутеров, суть которых заключается в бесконечном отстреле напирающих сил вражин.Shadow Warrior - это:+ Игра про крутого ниндзя, который налево и направо рубит на кровавый фарш демонов под довольно забористую и хорошую музыку.+ Интересная система ведения боя катаной, с различными способностями, ударами и финатми.+ Все это сопровождается обилием кровища, кишок, расчлененки, неполиткорретных шуток и черного юмора, огромного количества отсылок как к олдскульным играм подобного жанра, так и к олдовым боевикам.+ Плюс система прокачки, благодаря которой мы учим больше приемов для нашей катаны, изучаем магию и новые смертоносные навыки, становимся сильнее и смертоноснее.Звучит хорошо. Вот только больше хорошего я об игре сказать ничего не могу.Ибо кроме этого у нас здесь имеется:- Отвратительная механика стрельбы, как и все стрелковое оружие, из-за чего катана - единственное оружие в этой игре, которым можно нормально играть и убивать врагов.- Локации очень унылы, скучны, однообразны. Абсолютные одинаковые коридоры- Отвратительная цветовая гамма, из-за чего на экране все сливается в одну, одноцветную кашу, с миллионом засветов, вспышек, из-за чего просто не понимаешь че происходит. Такое чувство, что какой-то абсолютно мерзотнейший светофильтр врубили- Все бои однообразны и скучны. Враги тупы, и даже на ""Безумии""(4-ый уровень сложности, из 4-х доступных в начале) не представляют проблем. Бегай, руби, бегай, лечись, бегай, руби. Повторять до бесконечности.Поймите меня правильно: я обожаю подобные шутеры. Мне очень нравится Серьезный Семен и Дум. Я люблю такие ""тупые"" шутаны, где необходимо толпами валить врагов. Вот только в вышеуказанных играх это интересно, приятно и круто, а здесь скучно, уныло, однообразно и неитересно. И поэтому эту игру я не прошел, и проходить не буду. Поэтому о сюжете ничего говорить не буду - неплохая завязка, развитие идет дальше, но до него мне скучно проходить все это.Очень, очень, ОЧЕНЬ средненький шутан.6/10Не хочу никому рекомендовать данный проект. Не зашло. Как-то так -_-"
76561198019620684,Not Recommended,233130,8571826,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,MagmaGuy - MateCraft,"Overhyped, over the top slice them up game. Slow, scripted pacing combined with jerky, floaty combat makes this an unpleasant game experience, and the storyline / humor / narration is comparable to just cause 2, at best.Would recommend for $7, not $25."
,Not Recommended,233130,9809907,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,apoc9,"This Asian styled action FPS reminds me of Pain killer or Serious Sam, except it is much more boring. You play Chinese dude Lo Wang wielding Japanese katana - imho the best weapon in the game. I give credit to authors that the kanji characters are real and used in meaningful way.First few levels it is quite fun to decapitate enemies. However half through the game you will realize that every level is same. Witty remarks of your character can not change that. It is so repetitive. Weapons suck. The weapons I found most useful against hordes of enemies were crossbow (against big demons) and katana (against most of lesser demons). Against bosses the machine gun or pistol combined with rocket launcher or crossbow is the best. What I was lacking in the game was a serious firepower. Most of time (on hard difficulty) it felt like weapons do a very negligible damage to anything slightly stronger than lesser demon. Before the final level the game literally throws several waves of all enemies in the game mixed together. There are three bosses and with slight differences they are all the same. Same mechanics to kill them.  I don't feel like playing this game again. I think for this kind of FPS there are much better options so I won't recommend this."
,Not Recommended,233130,29492247,Posted: 25 January,all,Revenge,⁢
,Not Recommended,233130,12147597,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,FaithAlone,Beautful game but it is so under optamzied you need a 770 or better to get to use the most beautful effects other then that its buggie and bad story. dont waist your money.
76561198036621356,Not Recommended,233130,9647319,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,nwbhq,"Drunk Boat Simulator 2014http://steamcommunity.com/app/233130/discussions/0/846965705284599322/I like the game, but there is no response from the devs after over half a year. I'll edit my review after this issue has been resolved."
76561198050196813,Not Recommended,233130,9659881,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Zmešky,Really very bad optimization. Unreal engine is running at 20 fps on ultra low? Do not make me laugh. Unreal engine I normally run on high at 50 fps. For this 5 points down. and the game itself? I will not say much about it because the shooter games do not play games at 20fps. For me not recommended. 2/10
,Not Recommended,233130,9576013,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Ameno [LT],"This game is almost decent.No bugs, no crashes.The jokes are good, but they last only on the first level then they become generic.Using katana is the best part of the game, because the guns are slugish. You press to fire and there is a delay before the gun fires. So you will be using katana for the most part of the game.Levels are huge and impresive. Enemy spawn and enemy AI are idiotic. Wen you enter an area all enemy's in the area will attack you at the door wen you kill them all you will run around the empty area looking around for loot.Wen developers where making this game they had idiotic idea that players will forget that they are playing a game that has violence. So they made this game like this ""Player does something (walk, talk, break an object, open door...) then the player fights enemy's, does something, fights, does something, fights"". You will never do something else twice in a row. It's like they where thinking you will forget that there is violence in this game.Texture quality is all over the place (not the easter eggs) some walls look great some not, road signs are blurry as hell, but the advertisments for other games are in fantastic quality.Buy this game only wen it's on sale. It's not worth of the full price."
76561197974877837,Not Recommended,233130,8461368,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Spalls Hurgenson,"The 2013 remake of Shadow Warrior is a throwback to classic first-person shooters of yesteryear, and it makes me appreciate how far the genre has developed over the last two decades.Channeling games more like Chaser or Chrome than Quake or Duke Nukem 3D, the game does have some impressive technical chops. Its engine pumps out some impressive graphics and wide-open levels while maintaining a silky-smooth frame rate. Gorgeous textures and lighting effects make for some scenic vistas. The combat is wonderfully gory, and the voice-acting and characters make for an interesting and somewhat tongue-in-cheek story.Where it fails is, well, everywhere else. The levels are impressively large but greatly lack in variety. Those same props you see in the first five minutes of the game? You'll be seeing them right through to the end as well. The levels greatly overstay their welcome (each one takes close to an hour to complete), and - when you get right down to it - there isn't significant difference between the different levels anyway. Each level itself is broken down into micro-levels (similar to the levels in Half Life 2) so every time you open a door there is a brief - but noticeably disrupting - pause as it loads up the next arena. There is a deficiency in monsters and weapons as well; by the halfway point, you'll have met everything the game has to offer, meaning the last ten or so hours will just be a repetitive mowing down of the same enemies.The gameplay is disappointingly old school as well. Maps are essentially just large arenas separated by twisty corridors; gates to the next arena does not unlock until you either hunt down all the monsters or find all the hidden statues that serve as the Shadow Warrior equivalent of key-cards. Too often the gates are not clearly marked, and I wasted too much time looking for the glowing door that would let me progress to the next section of the game. The combat itself was fun - although many of the early weapons lacked enough punch, and some monsters were overpowered bullet-sinks that overstayed their welcome - but in between the combat the levels were -with a handful of exceptions - dry and uninteresting slogs through repetitive scenery.It had its moments, but overall this Shadow Warrior remake was more chore than fun."
76561197976309196,Not Recommended,233130,10472772,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Solomon,Great humor and fun weapons cannot overshadow repetitive combat and horrible level design.
76561197970509236,Not Recommended,233130,10005571,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,wheeljack12,"liked the game right up untill you bond/sign your soul to a demon/devil. In other words, being the good guy, you sacrifice yourself to your enemy just like spawn the comic book character to save the day. How♥♥♥♥♥backwards of a hero can you get? Evil cannot be good,period. It can be tamed to respect and coexist with good, but once turned, you can't go back theoretically once you sign your soul off. Same goes for hell boy. In both movies, he was seen as the prince of the devil but can save the day. One day or another, the righteous deity is going to fight back."
,Not Recommended,233130,33698742,Posted: 21 July,all,𝓚𝓻𝓮𝓲𝓭,Worst game
,Not Recommended,233130,34444467,Posted: 23 August,all,Sorry I am noob !,is it game really? I uninstalled after the first try...
76561198124313499,Not Recommended,233130,10984901,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,jrm64,"I am surprised how much of a piece of trash this game is. I give it an absolute 2/10. I hated it with a fiery passion. Constantly throughout the game I was dumped with loads of enemies, one after another and eventually it got so repititive. I tried it another day, and its abysssmal how bad this game is. If it was about 5.99 it would blatently be a different story. But instead full price for 40.00! Hell to the no. The cutscences above all are just dreadful to watch, the main charcaters animations are just terrible. One thing I will give this game is the sheer easter eggs and exploration but sometimes I felt the longing of not wanting to backtrack. They could have done so much more with this game, but decided to just put AI on a map and expect you to find your way through everything. The pacing is absolute filth. I feel bad for whoever designed this game."
76561198042407753,Not Recommended,233130,29653445,Posted: 2 February,all,Antar,"Got to chapter 10, loved the game, then the game deleted all my saves somehow. So to hell with this garbage."
,Not Recommended,233130,10869795,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Holy Father of Flamingos,"The developer treated me like crap and was generally unpleasant and condesending. All the responses came back in sneering ""I would rather stab myself than talk to you"" Format. I will never buy anything from these jerks again and suggest anyone reading this consider the same. This developer does not even want your business."
76561198001437760,Not Recommended,233130,9605817,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Dunkace,This game looked good and from what I had read and heard it apperntly was good. However what I found was an unintuative mess with shody graphics and optomization.
,Not Recommended,233130,8947569,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,A bird,"Not a bad action game, but gets boring quickly. At the start it's pretty fun to kill demons with your katana, but later you have to use guns if you want to survive and it turns into a Serious Sam knock-off (but not quite as good). I felt that the levels are too damn long and there is no reason for this - they are not interesing or unique, just hallways and ware houses. I couldn't get myself to finish the game so I can't recommend it full heartedly..."
,Not Recommended,233130,33694757,Posted: 21 July,all,Golden_keyboard,Maybe oldfаgs will like this game but I hate Shadow Warrior so much.Monotonous gameplay.Not realistic weapons.Stupid enemies and idiotical story make this game worst.
,Not Recommended,233130,12796210,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,johnJG421,Meh. Kinda got repetitive after 6 hours or so.
76561198025609238,Not Recommended,233130,8940694,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Si,"I did finish this game, after months of playing it about an hour at a time.  I had to finish it in a sad desperation that it might get better towards the end.This game really lacks everything that was great about the original Shadow Warrior.  Not the sequel I was hoping for, obviously I was willing to lower my expectations as a sequel after 15 years is bound to be disappointing but this is ridiculous.Most of the issues with this game, such as linear maps and highlighted objects, can be attributed to modern games.  But I would have hoped that Shadow Warrior 2013 would have held onto its roots at least a little bit.Different voice actor for Lo Wang? Why?  Even Duke Nukem Forever Kept its same voice actor after 15 years.Disapointed.Shadow Warrior Forever?I don't understand how this game has an overwhelmingly positive review status.  I'm not just being a negative Nancy.  I thought it was legitimately a poor game."
76561198044140754,Not Recommended,233130,29619138,Posted: 31 January,all,serpentwalker,"no good. shadow warrior 2 drew me in instantly. the dialogue was priceless, never failed to entertain, made the thing worth playing. weapons were deeply customizable and enemies were varied, borderlands-esque in the way the player matches particular attack types to opponents. sw1 has none of this. the pacing is awful, godawfully slow. you don't get many guns and the ones you get are crappy slow ineffective boring no exploding ice poison vampire bullets with lifelink and haste lo wang bantz game weak as hell i don't get what happened between the two games but the first one is just worthless especially compared to the second one. hitboxes are bad too. the default controls are ridiculous. feels like street fighter super moves input trying to cast a simple spell just garbage"
,Not Recommended,233130,12792680,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,"I'm the GOAT, your the SHEEP",this game is not the worst game but its far from being good. i found it very linear and repetetive. while it did have its moments its not worth throwing your money away for this game. however the vicera cleanup detail version of this game is good :)
,Not Recommended,233130,8971520,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Expert Button Presser,"OK, I can perform a super forward stab by double tapping some button while pressing another button. It wants to play like a brawler but all it ends up doing with the floatiness and wrongly-spent polygon budget is feeling like the double-clicking chapter of the online tutorial for Windows 3.1–something else from the 90's that should stay dead. A nice game for when you've forgotten where the W, S, A, and D keys are on your keyboard."
,Not Recommended,233130,10465573,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Lamark,this should be 99cents game
,Not Recommended,233130,7915382,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Holi,"A poor attempt at cashing in on a famous game.I'm sure some of you suffered through the horror that was Duke Nukem Forever and unfortunately it's the only game I can think of as I played through this not at all true to the original remake.. I can't say it's even remotely as bad as DNF but it quite cleanly missess all of the best parts of the original while at the same time being a completely different game on all levels, I won't say this completely different game is all bad, at times it's actually quite enjoyable but if you expect impressive labyrinthian map design, great comedy with an asian twist and some awesome funpoking at japanese anime and film you will be utterly disappointed.If you however want to run around wielding a katana and sometimes shoot at stuff while being constantly badgered with achievements this might be something for you. A final caution for fans for Hard Reset, this isn't it at all... It's sort of as different from Hard Reset as Shadow Warrior was from Duke Nukem 3D and unfortunately most of the stuff that made Hard Reset awesome just feels tainted or forgotten in this game.PS. Seriously, what's with all this excessive gore? I'm not squemish by any sense of the word but there's a ridiculous amount of gore and sacrificial altars.. Why would you even think of having those in this game?"
76561198053242946,Not Recommended,233130,11269886,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,gabrieldogcat,this is boringggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg gggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg
,Not Recommended,233130,26077931,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,uncolober,"Quit after twenty minutes of cutscenes and a very silly buttonmashing swordfight where there doesn't seem to be a chance to lose despite the game being on Hard. Definitely not my cup of tea.Also, the protagonist is like a poor man's Travis Touchdown. Bleh."
,Not Recommended,233130,8415422,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Jake,"Meh.The writing is pretty bad in this game. It had a chance to be good, especially with a well executed joke at the end of the first level, but after that it sort of fell flat the whole time. Lots of fart, poop, and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes. It's not that those are always poor jokes, but they clearly put no effort into even trying to make them funny. I ended up looking for a setting to silence the main character's voice lines but I couldn't find it.The gameplay picks up when you start to learn the various Katana moves which consist of double tapping a movement key and holding down a mouse button. Remembering what each one does and stringing them together can be fun. The game tries to give you some guns like revolvers and crossbows but I used each one for maybe a few seconds before putting them away forever. They're completely unnecessary and aren't as fun to use as the Katana.The level design was reeeaaalllyyy bad. The entire layout was just confusing. You'd finish a wave of enemies and have no idea where you need to go next, so you wander the map looking for a glowing door. Sometimes you'll even enter a certain part of the map, kill some enemies, and then have to go BACKWARD to the part of the map you were just at and take an alternate path. It really gave me a headache and was the biggest reason I stopped playing. You get to the point where you just have no sense of direction. If the game doesn't want to be linear then I'm fine with that, but it's handling it very poorly.Overall I would not recommend this game. It's boring after the first 30 minutes, the level design is horrible, and the writing is cheesy and stupid."
76561197964150143,Not Recommended,233130,28813747,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Motörhead,100% Piece of Trash !!!
,Not Recommended,233130,11818715,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Alucinari,Old fashioned FPS. Boring.
,Not Recommended,233130,34614416,Posted: 30 August,all,★ᚺᛁᚷᛖ | PUBGUpgrader.gg,NEGATIVE REVIEWS OUT FOR HALF LIFE 3!!!!!
,Not Recommended,233130,25997481,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,IAMDONEWITHTHISSHITCALLEDLIFE,so Random content :(
,Not Recommended,233130,7997763,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,「Ｂｏｋｕ♥」,"Feels more like a reskinned and -- to a degree -- watered down Hard Reset than successor to Shadow Warrior: enemies being bullet sponges and often thrown at you in hordes but their actual threat is pretty low, perhaps mostly due to the very useful and spammable quick dodge. I can't really fault it, though, Hard Reset was actually a pain to play without something similar since then it was a simple race to kill anything before it got to you. But I digress. Most enemies are melee-orientated, so as long as you dance around them you can quite easily slaughter them off without a knick and those that are ranged are, thankfully, projectile-based so you can also dodge them. This is all good, let's not misinterpret here.The problem is that this is all there is to it. There isn't much variation to go on. Avoid the main of the horde and simply slash the edges to whittle them down because lord knows the guns you get are slow,♥♥♥♥♥♥weak and simply not suited to dealing with anything smaller than a barn due to horrendous inaccuracy. Exception to the crossbow since its practically the game-saving railgun.And then you get the bosses which take all this and just ♥♥♥♥ it all up. You spend most of the game devoting points and crystals and money and whatever else to help deal with the hordes and then you're dropped into a room with a big bad mother with no choice but to keep your distance and chip away. Try your luck and all you get is the taste of your own ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as its forcefully pulled backwards up your oesophagus.And those that have played/completed Hard Reset probably remember the fun-filled fight that was Atlas. Well, he is now a minotaur. Which you get to fight with a sword. Wonderful."
76561198027337953,Not Recommended,233130,8034894,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,FISTO!,"This game...... is terrible. When you first start out it seems pretty fun. The sword combat is solid, the movement is pretty great, and the voice acting is bearable as long as it's short. About midway through the game you start wondering if they're going to introduce other enemy types, and wondering if you've already been through the level you're on. The answers are no and  probably yes because everything is pretty much copy-pasted over and over to lengthen game time, and even when that's not in play, you're going to have to backtrack through the whole goddamn map to look for some keys. The gunplay is terrible and consists of frantically swapping over most of the useless weapons for your staples of handgun, shotgun, bullethose, long-range-rifle-substitute-of-crossbow. When you're tired of strafing and pressing left trigger, you can take out your sword and light or heavy attack. This remains fun for about 10 seconds. I found myself yelling ""This isn't fun!"" as another load of baddies spawned after I had cleared a few waves in the arena styled room.What little variety there is of the combat comes off as annoying as you shoot balls that are rolling towards you, circle around enemies with shields, circle and dodge enemies with a weakpoint in their back, and wait for a necromancer to put down their invincible shield. It's awful, unvaried, and annoying as you sprint through the levels. There's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of collectibles that you'll mostly just skip over, a power system that you'll probably forget exists beyond the various sword strikes you can learn, and enough one-liners to give Bruce Campbell a nostalgia induced seizure.The only, and I do mean only, interesting thing in this game once the novelty wears off 1/8th of the way through is the shadow-world mythology and drama. I would recommend just going on youtube and seeing that if you want to enjoy yourself. On the other hand, if you like bad lines delivered flat, bad jokes delivered with malevolent glee, and repetive action, enemies, levels, and puzzles in the medium of a game that who's idea of fun is searching a room for stuff, and then want to do that over and over and over and over and over and over and over, I wholeheartedly recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,233130,8476974,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Wypasiony Zapas,Boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooring!
,Not Recommended,233130,8142273,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Coop,THIS IS DOG♥♥♥♥♥
76561198006714408,Not Recommended,233130,7919751,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Big Dick Bazuso,"A mindless hack 'n' slasher with a mild shooter aspect plopped on top, Shadow Warrior failed to deliver anything other than a mild headache."
76561198045999285,Not Recommended,233130,8444587,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,TheChipmunk,Not all its craked up to be. ♥♥♥♥ these single player xp unlock ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t...made me lose interest before i could finish the game.
,Not Recommended,233130,7432953,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Law,"Fools you into thinking it's a great game with it's opening and first half, and then turns into Hard Reset in the second half, along with all the bad game design decisions that make this game feel like Daikatana."
76561198033086130,Not Recommended,233130,8185803,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,LSBN,"This game is certainly no Daikatana, which is highly disappointing, considering Daikatana is the epitome of all katana fighting games.John Romero/10"
,Not Recommended,233130,22854442,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,donutdog,no
,Not Recommended,233130,34427509,Posted: 22 August,all,Threskiornis moluccus,if i told you the guy who voices lo wang (protagonist) was so white he was named john galt would you believe me
,Not Recommended,233130,32925228,Posted: 28 June,all,Chluthu,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,233130,7954461,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,sugary,meh.
,Not Recommended,233130,23862076,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Giovanni,"Hey, this game's pretty good.No multiplayer mode though."
76561197997829089,Not Recommended,233130,28531101,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Tinky,A braindead console-filth shooter! You must have seriously poor quality of life if you think this game is fun! If this is what you consider to be a fun time i wouldnt wanna hang out with you!
,Not Recommended,233130,12780767,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,speghotti,can't fight shadows0/10
,Not Recommended,233130,32875026,Posted: 27 June,all,Jesus Lives,"Not only is this game dull and unexciting, but its also very unsuitable for children. DO NOT BUYBut seriously, its just another boring, repetitive waste of time. Slash slash shoot hour after hour. Dont buy it."
,Recommended,233130,30619173,Posted: 19 March,all,Maxi,nice game
76561198305034434,Recommended,233130,30614987,Posted: 19 March,all,stoqngogov,"Shadow Warrior is pure action fun. The game is dynamic, the levels are very beautiful and Hoji is ultra good and fun sidekick... I think Shadow Warrior is better than Shadow Warrior 2."
,Recommended,233130,18812147,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Gitting Gud,Who wants some wang?
,Recommended,233130,18838599,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Mr. Kolryx,"Love love loveit - I like the Enemies, Samurai Zombis and the fight with the Sword. So nice. It so worth the Money !"
76561198282547869,Recommended,233130,24908306,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,NyghtWolf  blw.tf,"As Soon as I saw this game on sale for $5, so I was excited and couple of days later i got it, and im glad. This game is fun. and funny. It aslo has a couple of shadow warrior classic references, too. 10/10"
,Recommended,233130,18959995,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Chaos,Fun hack n slash with a story. There's something satisfying about slicing things up. (Don't read into that) Your greatest enemy in this game is the rabbits. Play it.
76561197976883566,Recommended,233130,30611529,Posted: 19 March,all,Heben2,Rock and Roll all the way.
,Recommended,233130,30611685,Posted: 19 March,all,夜叉の構え,Its a good game.The storyline is kinda good.Gameplay is smooth.You can cut enemies up.Character progression and Upgrades.Puns and Jokes.8/10
,Recommended,233130,19101705,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Jacknurse,It's ok.
,Recommended,233130,7318988,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,vfn4i83,Devolta as raizes dos jogos de tiro. Entra atira e não se preocupe com mais nada.Vale a penaGreat game.
76561198048733355,Recommended,233130,10185882,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,dgreek18,"Wit for days.  The game is pretty solid on all the aspects modern gaming is about: good graphics check, fps check, good weapons check (the sword is really fun), about ten hours of gameplay (if you rush through it) check.  There is no tradition pvp multiplayer but it is still worth the money (FYI I got it on sale for like $5) for the campaign.  Also, wit and lots of it."
,Recommended,233130,10399007,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,#TwoChopstickOneAsian,Best game ever.
,Recommended,233130,10399028,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Omeron,"This game was actually a lot of fun. The story and commontary were great. the combat and upgrade systems were also well thought out, making the upgrades great without screwing over people that didnt get them. this game is a must play, you will not regret it. your melee weapon is a sword which is powerful weapon, but you will still find yourself using guns a lot. did i mention the commontary? because its great! One of the best stories for any fps ive played."
,Recommended,233130,7334895,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,Deathstalker,Who want some Wang?
76561198075552034,Recommended,233130,10289347,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Tsifsaropita,A pretty good game.It's a lot of fun and if you like old school fps hack'n slashes you're going to enjoy this one although it does get a little repetitive. 8.5/10
76561198078375474,Recommended,233130,10291470,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Tomelirolla,Awsome!Like in kill bill one massacre room ...
76561197970312154,Recommended,233130,10292267,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Lazureus24,I got to kill 2 rabbits while they made sweet sweet love.  Yes I recommend this game!!!
,Recommended,233130,8268434,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Suck my dick,This Game is Too Beast. Most fun i had in a very long time! Worth Buying you will not regreat.
,Recommended,233130,10358666,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,[SG] Silent Bob,play this game! it's ducking awesome!!!
,Recommended,233130,9195222,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Tauren[E.T.C.],"Guys..... Guys.... I like reboot or new Old School games. I played Serious Sam 3, Doom 3, new Rise of The Triad, Duke Nukem Forever, and Half-Life 2. (I like first episodes too! I am very brutal Doom fan! :D)Is this game good? Yes!Awesome? Yes!Do you have all weapons? YES!!Search keys than you go to another places/exit? YEEEEEEES!!!!!Secret places???? YEAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!!+ You fight like ninja, and you have awesome katana? I am.... very happy! :')Fight for dozens of monsters? WAAAAAAARRRR!!!!!!Old School? BIG LIKE!!!!!This is the TRUE REBORN OLD SCHOOL FPS!!!!! The TRUE GAME!!!!!I highly recommend!"
76561197976065783,Recommended,233130,7323152,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,poodles noodles mcdoodles,This game is a blast so far. Only down side is that Wang is PC.
,Recommended,233130,10285742,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,=EBS=TheProvokedPrawn,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omHSe0Otrlo
76561198022140711,Recommended,233130,10305359,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Player 1 or Player 2,Realy awesome game. And realy funny combat.
,Recommended,233130,10306151,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,apigwithabat,This game is a blast. I haven't had this much fun since Halo 3 came out. The story is pretty stupid but it doesn't matter because you get to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up! :D 100000/10
76561198007784676,Recommended,233130,9921763,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,HTLSerzius,"Great fast paced action game having a blast. Takes about 8 chapters to get hard though and thats on hard difficulty. Funny jokes, cool powers that work well no matter what weapon you have, great weapons and most importantly chopping demons to bits with your katana. What more could you want?"
76561198013616299,Recommended,233130,8752959,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Shmichael,One of the only fps that i enjoyed all the way though!!!!And quite literally a human Shishkabab simulator.
76561198022947869,Recommended,233130,8444741,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Sir Manalot,"I'm gonna be honest guys. Screw Battlefield 4, screw COD: Ghosts and screw Bioshock: Infinite for shooter of the year. This game is THE shooter of 2013.The sword is the most fun weapon to use in the game, the humour is not so racist this time around but still there, the gameplay never dulls, Lo Wang has some great one liners and the controls are solid. The story is also, surprisingly for a shooter, well written.The puzzles are a little bit basic though, mainly finding a bunch of statues and breaking them with special attacks you can perform with your sword by pressing a direction twice and then hold LMB to charge one up.Powers make an interesting addition, bringing in the likes of partial healing (no fully regenerating health here!), damage protection and even releasing shockwaves that push your enemies back. using them requires you to press any direction twice and then hold RMB to charge one up.Enemies are well varied, challenging and a joy to chop up, shoot and blow to pieces.The fortune cookies have some rather interesting words of wisdom, so much so that I've made my screenshot library for this game contain these words of wisdom.I will say it again, Shadow Warrior is THE shooter of 2013 and you will be doing yourself a disservice by not playing this game!"
,Recommended,233130,331722,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Makoo,"Have you played games like Doom, Quake, Duke Nukem and the not as old Painkiller games, and loved that style?Loved the secrets? Loved the need to move, think and search, but also the dumb humor that some of these old games had in droves?If you do then I am sure that this re-imagining of Shadow Warrior will be for you!Violent in general and even more violent and gory when you use the sword, you upgrade your gear and become better, but you never feel limited, your skill is what decides your fate, the rest is just icing on the cake!"
,Recommended,233130,8375651,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Braneman,"A great example of a throwback shooter, there are medkits and hidden goodies everywhere for you to run around and find, its also well optimized for PC and runs pretty well.Its also not a console port which means fully rebindable keys, graphics settings, and not once are you asked to press the enter button to confirm your selection, because you can just use your mouse.Pick it up if you want some fast melee combat, nice graphics and are looking for an fps without regenerating health and cover mechanics that doesn't hold your hand with endless popups."
76561198045752083,Recommended,233130,8376386,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Raptozilla,"Awsome game! Not too hard, not too easy. Great humour and hidden jokes."
76561197964957155,Recommended,233130,7640995,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,GaGrin,"A linear singleplayer only shooter?  What's going on, why recommend something so trite as a reboot of a genre made almost entirely of souless rehashes and repeats?Well, good Sir or Madam, because this game is perhaps the most straight fun I've had in a shooter since NOLF2.  Which for those of you who play shooters hopefully know, is a very, very long time ago.Specifically this game manages to mix alot of elements together, that, while not new, manage to mantain an interesting pace - while also being for the most part an extremely silly and lighthearted game - with just enough depth and self awareness that you can take it seriously on the few moments when it asks you to."
,Recommended,233130,7374385,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,RYNZL3R,"Shadow Warrior is a violent, somewhat-offensive first person slasher & shooter focused on slaughtering waves of enemies with any and all combinations of samurai sword, shotgun, crossbow, and more. The sword play is wonderfully executed, as you feel nearly unstoppable while wielding it, yet you can move quickly to dodge and attack with great precision and consequence."
,Recommended,233130,10237587,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,•BpG• Cheese,"I'm only a few hours in, but i am REALLY enjoying this game.  The combat is phenomenal, the story is engaging, and the characters are very well written.  Not to mention the scenery!  The demon companion and Wang have alot of fun and funny dialogue to each other, a little more than Wang's old one liners to himself.  There are fun easter eggs that are only slightly hidden that will give some nostalgia.  This is much better than a standard run of the mill shooter.I highly recommend."
76561198064136868,Recommended,233130,10238372,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,dc040583,"Okay, I'm impressed. I haven't played many remakes of old games, because the ones I have played have generally sucked. Shadow Warrior is a resounding exception, with brilliantly executed ninja moves and a pretty good plot (for an FPS anyway) that really had me feeling like I'm playing a story from another culture. The lightning-fast maneuvering allowed by the control system lets the player's own reflexes and quick thinking play a huge role in the game (one thing that frustrates me about many FPS games is how slowly my character moves in a pinch), and...Ok, chopping demons to pieces with a Katana. You gotta love it. Or you suck."
76561198051851439,Recommended,233130,9912386,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Heath,katana slice in first person and funny
76561198128841315,Recommended,233130,10254291,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Mitch,"Tons of fun, game can be a bit buggy at times but overall a fun, fresh game that any fps fan should enjoy.Story is definately lacking in areas and seems to be drawn out to add time. Voice acting is top notch and often hillarious.Pick it up if you love an old style FPS with good graphics and fun game play.This is how duke nukem should have turned out!"
76561198067103223,Recommended,233130,10560483,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,scorpius_psycho,comes close to the original. love it.
,Recommended,233130,7389853,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Shinobi,"wow...just finished it. So, it's one of the most exelent games I've ever played. Damn, I am so mthr♥♥♥♥♥♥ surprised by so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ interesting main story!!! cause when I bought this perfect game, I thought that would be stupid bloody ""slash&shoot"" Japanese-styled Painkiller or Asian Serious Sam. So, SW is stupid bloody ""slash&shoot"" Japanese-styled game, but it has ♥♥♥♥♥♥ damned good story. Buy it and enjoy, boys and girls."
,Recommended,233130,10698008,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Leskadog123,"Puts a kickass story, a kickass combat system and a whole lotta wang jokes all into one game. 11/10 would Wang again"
,Recommended,233130,7633773,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Jeff No Monitor,"Le petit frere de Duke Nukem est de retour dans un titre explosif et completement jouissif, évitant les pieges du FPS couloir, Shadow Warrior par son gameplay rend les combat nerveux et specialement avec le systeme de melee tout simplement jubilatoire."
,Recommended,233130,10173421,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Mildy Disgruntled Max,"It's fun. It performs horrendously though. Turn off reflections to help but you'll still chug along at sub-60 fps quite a lot. Still good though, especially if you like easter eggs and hidden secrets."
,Recommended,233130,10174914,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Sandalwood,"I really enjoyed Shadow Warrior - so much that i'd even go so far to say, t hat it's the best i played in some years. It gets a little generic towards the end, but that's the only criticism i can muster. The humour is good, and even the story is interesting (i seriously didn't expect that!!). I just finished the game but am already hoping that they announce a sequel ^^"
,Recommended,233130,10157653,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,wraysquared,"this is how a single player action RPG/FPS is supposed to be made. great gameplay, plenty of secrets, an in-depth upgrade system, a fairly interesting story, and some really stunning graphics. gotta try the '97 original next."
,Recommended,233130,10183714,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,FrenchVillain,"I recommand this game, this ""hack 'N slash"" is a bit repetitive I must say, but one of the best I've played so far.Graphics are old but really cool. There is blood everywhere, and the humor is pretty funny. This game is not really easy, I personnaly love to play with the katana, playin on tri screens on this game is amazing."
,Recommended,233130,10185299,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Max Damage [CZ],"Total old school, brought me back to my early days when I was playing Duke Nukem, Daikatana and original Shadow Warrior, later on Doom and Quake. The combat in this game is so good ( I went 3/4 of the game with the sword), story is a total and great B, graphics are sometimes stunning, as so are the effects and you can choose from lot of perks. Also easter eggs in this game are very funny and brings a sentimental tear to a gamers eye. I think I can´t find any cons, maybe sometimes it is too hard :p10/10"
,Recommended,233130,8601889,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Rebel_Rush,I picked this game up during the winter steam sale mainly because I had played the 1997 version for a bit in my younger days. I'm a fan of the old school quake and doom style fps and wanted a good fps to time sink me. The game suprised the hell out of me and I have really taken a shine to this game and its great sword play. The sword is without a doubt the most fun in this game and well done. The guns feel behind quickly. Old school level design where it is linear but with places and secrets to find and explore. This game has so many easter eggs you could waste weeks searching for them all. If you like the old school fps then definately give this game a play. If you don't like old school fps games then go ♥♥♥♥ off back to CoD or BF.
,Recommended,233130,8602639,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,1objection,"This game was surprisingly good. I was just expecting a bunch of one-liners since this game was a remake of the older game of the same title, and although it delivered on that front, it also delivered an engaging story filled with over the top gore that will make you feel incredibly strong no matter how bad you are at the game. I bought this game for $10, but I would recommend buying this at full price because it is that good."
76561198010224957,Recommended,233130,8603362,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,"Oh No, A Bear","Gets a bit too melodramatic and up it's own butt by the end, and the levels are way too damn long at times to finish in one go (there ARE auto and anytime manual saves, but this is a game that's meant to be played in short bursts), but otherwise it's a surprisingly fun and chaotic ride. We really need more FPS games where melee is more often than not a viable tactic."
,Recommended,233130,8605100,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Nitroxide,"Excellent game. It brings back the iconic shooter style of it's predecessor perfectly, which few modern adaptations of classic games can do.While there are several weapons to choose from, you'll find yourself hacking and slashing your way through a slough of demon spawn with Lo Wang's katana; providing the simplest and most exciting swordplay in a game in quite a while.Add into account the well timed humour and onslaught of grin-worthy puns; it's worth every cent."
,Recommended,233130,8604650,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,DeadAiM,"Great Dialog , Epic Carnage ... Just Play it !"
,Recommended,233130,8025315,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Tea Wrecks,"This game is awesome!! The combat is old school without feeling old. Graphics are real slick. The enemies are varied and quite fun to fight. Combat itself is very satisfying(Especially if you are using the sword!) and enemies can be quite challenging when up against multiple classes. Also the dialogue is hilariously cheezy and the story ain't half bad either. Most definately reccomend for those who like challenging(later levels, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥man) gameplay and are sick of the copy-cat(oh, irony) shooters out there, this is the game!"
,Recommended,233130,8614646,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,shadow_archetype,"Great game, very addicting"
,Recommended,233130,8804775,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Direwolf of the North,"Decapitated a guy before shooting a barrel to kill ten other guys. 10/10N.B. You need a decent system to run this, my 2.6ghz 2gb ram lappy was by no means enough to play this game properly. I upped the ante and bought a decent rig with 3ghz and 8gb and it run OK :)."
,Recommended,233130,8804812,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Knight of Rem,"WHO WANT SOME WANG? Its not the most faithful recreation of the ninja classic, but its a fun enough game on its own with some cool twists on your modern FPS arsenal, a funny♥♥♥♥♥companion, and an entertaining story. Unfortunately game is linear is ♥♥♥♥ with the occaisional path to the side, and some parts drag on, but if you can find it on sale, get it. You'll enjoy yourself for a good while at the very least."
76561197983241416,Recommended,233130,8720177,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Goodtime Goodboy,"Of all the retro-throwback shooters of the last couple years (Doom 3 BFG, Serious Sam 3, that Duke Nukem atrocity) Shadow Warrior is easily the most soulful, passionate, and gleeful of the lot. I haven't had this much unadulterated, maniacal-grin-inducing fun in a first-person shooter for many, many years.The writing is silly, but ends up having much more heart than you'd expect. The settings and visuals are spectacular. The combat is an absolute adrenaline rush of spraying gore, flying limbs, impossibly stupid one-liners, and entire truckloads of explosions both chemical and magical. Shadow Warrior is the retro shooter to beat for the next few years: marriage of modern and classic game mechanics and tropes have yet to work as smoothly as they do here. A TOTAL blast. BUY this game.For fans of shooters from the 90's, light-hearted modern fantasy, 'Taxi Driver', and slicing things apart with a sword."
,Recommended,233130,8722484,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Azzy,"I picked it up on a whim, having really enjoyed the original game. I don't often enjoy reboots but I was really surprised by how great this was. It maintains the humor of the original, as well as a great new supporting character in Hoji.While the meat of the game is classic shooting and slicing, the story was really surprisingly moving.Totally worth playing!"
76561197996006887,Recommended,233130,8726455,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Boneless Pizza,"Buy this game. If you don't they might not make another one, and I'm just not having that."
,Recommended,233130,8811376,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Humunculi Tzu,"Awesome game, the sword play is deep but not hard to understand which makes it fun as well as the guns have fun abilities that you can use if fights to mix things up. The stroy is great to, as well as the voice acting and the comedy that is throughout the game."
,Recommended,233130,8720162,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Dijkstra,"While Shadow Warrior stays true to its linear shooter roots, it brings a surprising amount of content to the table.The upgrade system is absolutely fantastic. You can tool your play however you want - from basic weapon upgrades to ability unlocks to stat and skill boosts, the upgrade system plays out nearly like a mini-rpg mechanic. You can go defensively and upgrade your guns, ignore them and just pump your swordplay to max, or go middle of the road.The graphics and music are both excellent. Combat is flashy, the levels are stunning to look at, and cutting up enemies with your sword looks as good as it feels. The music score is also fantastic, switching between moody and atmospheric to Hollywood action when necessary.The classic 3D Realms humor is still present also. The voice acting is spot on, delivering Wang's one-liners glibly. There's a good balance of tongue-in-cheek and break-the-fourth-wall jokes, keeping the humor from becoming grating.The only real problem with the game is that using the katana is so damn fun, it's really easy to ignore the guns (which isn't necessarily bad early on - you need 2 skill upgrades to be able to use your arsenal carefree). Still, some of the gun upgrade once you can afford them are a blast: hip-firing your magnum like a cowboy, four barreled shoguns and stick-bomb crossbow darts just to name a few. Absolutely worth buying this, preferably the collector’s edition for the extra skins and soundtrack."
76561198034179759,Recommended,233130,7700639,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Lain,Absolutely THE MOST Hilarious game I have EVER played. The MAIN CHARACTERS NAME IS LO WANG. How funny is that just on its own. They did a very good job of balancing story with the comedy .
76561197990237926,Recommended,233130,9882262,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,runningtargetzombiebait,"This is what the Duke Nukem remake should have been--a funny, modern take on a classic. 9/10"
,Recommended,233130,9884828,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Kreittis,A pretty good videogame.
76561197973506808,Recommended,233130,8746813,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Loken,"A really fun action-packed game. It's entertaining to hear the convesation between Lo Wang (main person, you) and his  demon companion.You evolve your character and upgrade your weapons, which all can be used with devastating effect against the demon hordes.The graphics is quite nice and it runs smooth, music and voice acting good. Well done Flying Wild Hog!7/10"
76561198056688554,Recommended,233130,9956894,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,I'M BATMAN!,Want a ton of one-liners and a whole lot of fun. Main character's name is Lo Wang so prepare for Wang jokes!
76561197981616356,Recommended,233130,9897601,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,samyoung,The best one among the recent old school fps revival tide. Yes you will eventually get bored after 5~7 hours of playing but definitely worth the time and $. Looking forward to flying wild hog's next hit.
76561198030825425,Recommended,233130,9870726,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,usel1500,"shadow warrior was a really enjoyable experience. it has really nice game play elements. it’s got strong classic FPS roots, plays a lot like doom or quake. none of this cover based shooter stuff and regenerating health that seems to be the norm in modern games(not that those games are all bad). but it does have some modern stuff like weapon upgrades, skills, and powers. the powers i didn’t really use that much except for the healing power. the skills link into the sword fighting so i used that all the time, the sword is the best weapon for most of the game. the one annoying thing was that you have to buy upgrades to unlock the weapons alt-fire. OH also, demon hearts weren’t really explained, like do they kill one target or many? do they auto kill things or do they just do a lot of damage. you have to experiment with them.the story is pretty interesting, but also simple. what little plot twists there are you will see coming from miles away, but that doesn’t detract from the game in any way. the banter between the 2 main characters is excellent and feels like a real conversation. the little comment Wang makes as he cuts through hordes of demons are genuinely funny. the cut scenes go alright, the demon memory cut scenes are freaking amazing, beautifully drawn. it also has pretty great music to, the soundtrack reminded me a lot of legend of Korra.it’s also not annoyingly short. like say homeland which i knocked over in 4 hours. it took me 10 hours to finish shadow warrior.TL,DR: shadow warrior is a classic FPS with some excellent comedy, strong game play, nice graphics, and surprisingly good storytelling for the type of game it is."
,Recommended,233130,9999356,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Crashpunk,"If your a fan of the old school style shooters, then you'll love this game. It's the best modern day revision of a Doom-like game. In fact it's one of the best shooters I've ever played. The gun play is perfect and the sword/melee mechanics are by far the best and in depth I've ever seen. It looks great, sounds great and has a funny sense of humor.Go play it!"
,Recommended,233130,10003861,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,danweL,"Amazing game all around, and definitely a top contender for my favorite FPS of all time. I'm currently on Insane difficulty and playing through for the 3rd time.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,233130,9988746,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,PopCornFlakes,"A great action - FPS , that deserves more recognition from the Steam community .Lot's of techniques and perks to unlock, also many secrets and easter eggs.Quite a challenge on hard difficulty.I recommand warmly for those who like fun and action."
76561198027781511,Recommended,233130,9989486,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Four-Wheel Jive,"Before Shadow Warrior, I never got the appeal of games like Serious Sam and Duke Nukem where its just a shooting gallerly with increasingly huge guns. But now I see the light. This game has actually made melee weapons in shooters fun again. It is well paced, fortunately long, and had me laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off. The guns fit all of their stereotypes and thats what makes it great. That shotgun has less range then a baseball bat but it demolishes rows of enemies in a bloody mist. I absolutely love this game. It's as if Duke Nukem was done right."
76561198013283404,Recommended,233130,9633325,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,r_0_b,"I like this game sooo much!Where do I start?Well first of all the swordplay/close combat is the best in First-Person-Games since I played Dark Messiah and it is just as crucial as the shooter components. Often, just using your sword can be way easier and way more pleasing.The combat sometimes reminded me of the Serious-Sam-Series but it just feels more impactful.The humor is cheesy, childish and full of references - I like it ^_^What else ... there is an upgrade and level up system, there are many secrets that are quite hard to find, there are rabbits making out **beware** ...The only downside for me were the bossfights, they were quite rare and not really challenging but epic nonetheless - I should try them on a higher difficulty level ..."
76561198037080560,Recommended,233130,9993453,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Mr. King Dice,"Shadow warrior is a throw-back to more old-school FPS games like Quake or Duke Nukem 3D - But with updated graphics, great voice acting, really enjoyable characters and a remarkably sad story to it.At the surface level, Shadow Warrior may seem just like a mindless FPS game with some swordplay until you get into the later parts of the game - Where it becomes apparent what the lore actually is and the story unfolds in a major way.I won't spoil it - But it's safe to say that the story is touching and a very clever take on Chinese folklore.As for the gameplay - The controls are generally solid except for when performing special moves (Quick prompts of the same keys - Which leads to confusion on the games interpetation part/Is very frustrating). The game has a good flow and there are plenty of secrets well hidden throughout the levels to keep you scouring the levels for them.Some of the levels are however, poorly designed. Some of the later levels simply serve to be very, very annoying in the way of clouding vision and generally being constructed in a form of ""Dragged out"" way. This is however, a small blemish on the overall great level design and enjoyment of the game overall - But should still be duly noted so that your enjoyment overall is not spoiled.There's not much else to say about this game ; especially not the boss battles. While epic in size and you tend to fight something much larger then you ; it's still in the sense of Doom. You shoot it until it dies ; It's not easy per-say and yes, there is skill but the logic here is not mindblowing.Would i recommend this game? Not at full price point. At a steam-sale ; yes."
,Recommended,233130,9650858,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,(fm) Kirtap,the best single player game i have ever played. better then bioshock infinite in my opinion. great feeling of all weapons. awsome fun all round. HOW EVERY GAME SHOULD BE.
76561198028025025,Recommended,233130,9651125,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,GreenLightbulb,Better than rice.
76561198019201924,Recommended,233130,9652381,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,OxygenTank,"This game is good for $40.00. At $10.00 it is a complete steal. Don't miss it.A visual feast from beginning to end, Shadow Warrior shines with its fast paced and visceral combat. While the gun play is good, the game really gets going with its melee. Hacking enemies to bits with various katana moves and upgrading your range of abilities (wing of crane = awesome of crane) while fighting through traditional/modern Japanese and mythic settings is pure gaming fun."
76561197974688215,Recommended,233130,9652683,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Tony Tony Chopper,Great game for anyone who like old school shoot first ask later fps games. Crazy one liners and easter eggs all around. Interesting graphic and level design. Good buy from my point of view.
,Recommended,233130,9657777,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Moddedtohell,"I didnt really know what to expect when I got this the reason I did was becasue of the swordplay tag. I got to tell you I'm not dissapointed. This game looks amazing and it plays smooth as hell. I'm on chapter 9 and I think I might be around 2/3s done maybe and it takes over an hour per chapter. Its difficult in the good way I keep having to think about how I'm playing and what powers and weapons to use. The upgrades are great for weapons and powers.Even though I feel like a badass♥♥♥♥♥ they keep ramping up the demons with new ones and of course more of them. on top of it its funny, the main character is very likable and he talks no silent protagatist here. have fun buy it! or wait for a discount. I'd buy this at full price no problem."
76561198006177737,Recommended,233130,9568450,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,TolkiensMinds,"Wow. What a surprise. Polished, fun, unique, and addicting. This game came out of the woodworks for me personally. I wrote it off initially as an indie remake of the original, I couldn't have been more wrong. This game is AAA, and more importantly...it dosn't suck. The length of the game surprised the hell out of me as well, you truely get your money worth with 17 chapters. It took me 12 hrs just to finish the first 6, being constantly sidetracked in the search for easter eggs (numereous, and very cool) scattered throughout each level. The story is top-notch, its both quirky humourous and serious. The game reminds me alot ofBig Trouble in Little China. In summary, I promise you will be happy you grabed this title, it really is a great, great game...maybe one of the best FPS/Adventure games I've ever played."
76561198070381826,Recommended,233130,9576168,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Oldmancupcake,"Overall I have found that this game provides an old and great light to the original fps genre. In my honest opinion the time that I have spent playing this game has been some of the most fun I have had in comparison to other modern fps games. The way in which you can play this game any way you want whether it being slicing and dicing enemies with your powers, or going guns a blaze and shooting enemies in the face adds to the enjoyment. The way in which you can discover secrest whether it's referencing back to the original Shadow Warrior, or just little jokes in generall add to the joy. The graphics within th egame look superb and the overall performance of the game is good. To sum up, I would rate this game highly and reccomend it as a must for anyone into the fps genre no matter what sort they play. I would also reccomend buying it whilst it's on sale straight away if you haven't as of yet!!!"
76561198026541120,Recommended,233130,9583111,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,themightysquig,"Well i think the aditional information covers it really, you need to have the spirit of a ninja warrior and be a fan of wang jokes. First 2 levels and i was already in tears at some of the stuff that Lou Wang comes out with my favourite so far has to be ""Micky mouse, Micky rauke what does it matter"". now this game isnt with out its down sides but really they arnt bad just nit picks, for instance the models are a bit off some how the humans look a bit odd but you really have to look to see it, and to be honest you will be to busy showering your self in the entrails of your enemys. So as a whole this game for me is a 9.5 out of 10 simply becasue it is so much fin and has had me in stiches as well as looking nice. Not to mention the deamon rabbit and the proverbs. So if you want a great feeling, intuitive hack and slash that is a really nice reimagining of the old FPS ways then you need this game.""You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice"" the wise words of a fourtune cookie.P.SThe pop references are thick and fast so when you get this make sure as hell your paying attention because nearly every thing that Wang says is a reference and they are all gold."
76561198039070004,Recommended,233130,4562923,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,unlimitednitro,"Shadow Warrior in a nutshell: The firstperson-swordfighting is easily the best we've seen to this date. The shooting feels great and I've found myself looking for money in every corner so that i can upgrade my weapons. The story, allthough the ending is a little bit too short and in my opinion doesn't tell you how it could go on, was very enjoyable, especially because of the awesome voiceacting. The levels are all pretty large and themed differently so that the game won't get boring til you finally played through. There are also tons of secrets which will not only benefit you with karma and money but also appear to be funny as hell. The only negative things were some frustrating fights were i was cornered by some of the biggest enemys and couldn't do♥♥♥♥♥♥to get away and that the game has some soundbugs where the music will randomly stop playing (which hopefully gets fixed). So all in all Shadow Warrior is really good game with funny and epic moments and great combat. So that means this game gets a 8 out of 10 from me which could easily 've been a 9 if the ending would have been better. Still this game is totally worth buying."
,Recommended,233130,9584017,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,131-WYD-,if you like old school fps they this is right up ur alley
76561197978369654,Recommended,233130,9685549,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,^4[^2izi^4]^7 Kink^4z,"Very good hardcore FPS with a sniff of RPG. Lots of action, secrets and powerups.The only negative thing is:The input combos for special powers and attacks often do not register.Maybe it is my setup, but it is very frustrating and I probably will never replay the game due to that."
76561198067800297,Recommended,233130,9685992,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Ye Ole Iron Dik,"This game has single-handedly restored my faith in the gaming industy.Graphics? Check.Fun gameplay? CheckGreat story? Check15 hour long playthrough? CheckFinally, a game thats fun to play instead of pre-ordering crap out of desperation and boredom and that made me remember why I played games in the first place? CHECK!I had never even heard of this game until it went on a Steam sale one night. It is a travesty, nay, a crime that this game or games like it are not showered with awards and game of the year designations instead of that mindless crap that the major publishers constantly pump out.It's also a shame that this game didn't come out on the consoles. Maybe the publishers who dump millions of dollars and thousands of man hours into console games and still end up with huge piles of♥♥♥♥♥♥would learn a thing or two.I can't recommend this game enough."
76561197970515617,Recommended,233130,9690465,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Fog,"Shadow Warrior is a great ""old-school"" shooter.  The game reminded me very much of games like Doom II  and Duke Nukem.  The story is good, and you should get 12-15  hours of play time out of the first run through the game.  Once I started playing, I had to finish it.   Highly recommended,"
,Recommended,233130,8600065,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Bear Hitler,"Amazing game! Graphics, gameplay, environment, story, blood, gore, explosions, bad guys. Just awesome!"
,Recommended,233130,8600552,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,| BERSERKER |,"Awesome game, with nice gameplay, lots of cheesy humor and cool attention to detail all topped of by a not to bad storyline"
76561197973282848,Recommended,233130,8575047,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,neo2001,"Shadow Warrior is a good classic fun shooter without any real annoyances. If you liked the original - you will like this too, maybe even more... Graphics and sound/music are good, story is better than expected and most of the jokes are really good also. Only the level design (including the enemies) gets a little bit boring over time."
,Recommended,233130,8421437,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,StrifeRift,"A melee masterpiece. With katana in hand, you'll slice through countless humans and demons with body parts flying and blood gushing at nearly every corner. Of course there's guns as well which are fantastic in their own way, but it still doesn't compare to the katana or the powers you get to use with it. The story is also very entertaining and the characters are well developed - lots of great dialog to enjoy."
,Recommended,233130,8465823,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,matt200717,"First person shooting back to its roots. challanging, fast paced, and fun with a fresh coat of glossy paint."
,Recommended,233130,8460577,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Leewom,"Without a doubt one of the best shooters I have played in a while. Gloriously old skool shootery that had me hooked from start to finish. If you miss the days of quake and doom... wotcha waiting for, grab yourself some WANG! ; )"
76561198013044129,Recommended,233130,8467643,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Mantis Toboggan M.D. 4,"Great gory fun, swords and guns and limbs everywhere."
76561198010243475,Recommended,233130,8507577,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Mugungo,"this game is excellent! was pleasently surprised at the quality of the story too, isnt half bad. Dialogue between characters is generally funny, and combat is excellent, reminds me of old style shooters (you end up with a massive arsenal by the end). You also get lots of chance for customization with three seperate currencies and upgrade paths you can do as well.this game is basically duke nukem meets deadspace combat wise, so expect lots of dismemberment and gibbing enemies flat outid rate it 10/10 if only for the massive value, iv gotten about 12-13 hours out of the campaign for about 8 bucks, and it seems to have lots of replayability. buy it!"
76561197966805309,Recommended,233130,8509997,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Billyboyn4,Awesome!A great feeling that I have almost forgot in modern games...Ghyahahah! More demons to cut in pieces!
76561197995465071,Recommended,233130,8510267,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Sparkie92,This game surprised me. A perfect blend of run and gun gameplay from old FPSes and the innovations of newer ones.
76561198104939636,Recommended,233130,8499980,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Metal_Lover95,If you like bloody first person shooters go no further this is a awsome one!
,Recommended,233130,8500259,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,jummama,"Nice sword play. Not as funny as I expected it should be, but I was having enough fun slicing enemies up that I was ok with that."
,Recommended,233130,8500936,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,The Vice President's Brother,"Shadow Warrior has everything you could want.. Sword, Guns, Demons, Yakuza, Chopping things into bits, and it's got some funny moments from what I've seen so far.. Oh and the main characters name is Low Wang... COME ON!!!"
,Recommended,233130,8501595,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,TwoTon,"A great single player FPS. Melee combat is fun, gunplay is great. Very, very, very good game.Definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,233130,8501725,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,JewMonkey69,8/10 would bang
,Recommended,233130,8494938,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Mac,"Ever want to play a ninja in first person?  Do you like slicing people into a million pieces?  Do you have a moderately powerful PC?  If so, then this game is for you!Play as a ninja with a sidekick with witty banter.  Slice your way through tons of demons and ninjas.  Take beautiful, epic scenes and turn them into a bloodbath with parts littering the ground.  As a bonus, you get Viscera, in which you get to play as a janitor who is in charge of cleaning up a level after the massacre.Shadow Warrior is fun, and Viscera is an cool concept...I just wish it were expanded so I can clean more levels!"
,Recommended,233130,8495039,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Nogrim,most fun shooter in years definetly worth the money
,Recommended,233130,8495461,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Gandhi,just kill♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,233130,9270616,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,movento,"Quite an amazing FPS.Fun gameplay, suprisingly good story, high production values and more.Flying Wild Hog improved the little flaws from Hard Reset, and brings you much more varied enemies and levels, better movement, etc...Highly recommended."
76561197982810644,Recommended,233130,9262097,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Twa_Pehs,Another good FPS from the same team behind Hard Reset.  Has many similarities to that game with its vibrant colour pallete interesting enemy variety and a joyfully anarchic and powerful arsenal of weapons.  The melee and powers system that could have been a terrible distraction works very well and is both fun and useful.  The upgrade system does the job but is nothing deep or particular open to different 'builds'.  Overall a fun 10 hours or so of oldishschool fps action but probably not something you'll be replaying at any point.  I look forward to seeing what this team can deliver in the future.
76561197981277688,Recommended,233130,8512964,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Solenya,Best fps ever
76561198018524406,Recommended,233130,9264204,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Business Jack,So ♥♥♥♥ing fun :]don't think about it just buy it
76561198039195513,Recommended,233130,8233058,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,HighWorld13,"Funny, gory, and all-around great first person shooter. Has lots of retro things like secrets and exploration as well as modern things to appeal to new players. Huge reccomendation!"
,Recommended,233130,9266023,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,death_destroyer 96,great gamegood for people studing the bodyvery good diagrams of intestines
76561197965945330,Recommended,233130,9280817,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Doctor Go-Go,"Haven't finished it yet but for a generic shooter it's entertaining. I say shooter but you'll use the sword most of the game since the sword is most effective, especially once you unlock it's special attacks. The guns are the weakest and most difficult weapons to use in the game so I think when they designed the game falling back on the sword was their intention.The dialogue is mostly corny and embarassing but it was designed for and is meant to appeal to teenagers or extremely nerdy adults so expect it to be... embarassing."
76561197997246476,Recommended,233130,9284443,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Tea4Two,Shadow warrior is a fun and fast paced game.There is an issue with SLI for those of you with multiple GPU setups but a relatively simple fix can be found through the steam community page. The game ran much smoother for me once I followed the guide.
,Recommended,233130,9396326,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Grave_Spectre,This Game is definitely The Hotness
,Recommended,233130,4393926,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,Kiorish,"Весьма неплохой слэшер.Прохождение заняло 5-6 часов,но они того стояли!"
,Recommended,233130,9535318,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Naomasa11,"This game is too much fun.  It has crisp, smooth graphics that allow you to enjoy the full extent of bloodshed and carnage you unleashed on the hordes of demons in your path.  Leave a trail of destruction in your wake as you hack, slash, shoot, stab, explode, and all other manners of dismemberment your way through the varying levels of hell on Earth.  It's got brilliant, cheesy  dialogue full of enough one-liners to convince you that you're playing through a B-movie strait out of the '80s.  Combat is EXTREMELY satisfying, placing a heavy emphasis on utilizing the full range of weapons and death-dealing objects at your disposal.  Sprinkle in secrets and easter eggs throughout each level and you have yourself a concoction worth anyone's time and money.  Go ahead and grab this game, shave your head, don your ninja suit, and start kicking♥♥♥♥♥  I was blown away by this game and I'd be surprised if you walked away from it anything less than satisfied."
,Recommended,233130,9535483,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,lightspeed,"Shadow warrior is one of the most enjoyable games I have played in a long time. A mix of first person melee and firearms, upgradeable skills and weaponry, secrets, humour, and hordes of demons to satisfyingly chop into little pieces. What more could you ask for? Certainly if you're after a modern fast-paced first person action game, don't hesitate to give this one a try."
76561197970430154,Recommended,233130,9555455,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Crispynipple,A shockingly great game! Got it for a great price on sale. GET IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!
76561198110098428,Recommended,233130,9555538,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Stuck,This is just a fun game! It's ridiculous blood and one liners are great. I laughed out loud after I killed the first guy. if you just want a fun game this would be it.
,Recommended,233130,9556395,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Jery24,Dat Blood Confetti.
,Recommended,233130,9557038,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Shootter87,Wonderful butcher shop simulator! Very satisfying cleveing head from foe.
76561197974218992,Recommended,233130,9558763,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,SleekWandererRicki,"""I like my demons like I like my coffee, in puddles all over the ground."" -Mr. Wang"
,Recommended,233130,9400786,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,WolfStar,"Best game of the past ten years.  Bears little resemblance to the original Shadow Warrior, which is good 'cus this game is amazing.  Sword play is great, enemies are great, battles are tough and you really feel like you accomplished something after every fight.  Fighting a guy with a giant shield that blocks your sword attacks really makes you feel like you're in an epic battle, let alone when you're facing four of them.  Guns are good, but the swordplay is what shines.  Story is also quite good, which is surprising.  I did not expect such a deep story and was very surprised.Only thing I didn't like in the game was the amount of those huge dudes with the axes whose head you take when you kill them.  Halfway through the game they started throwing them at you every other fight, and they take forever to fight and are very annoying because you can't use your sword on them due to an aoe ground slam they do.  Other than that, game is fantastic.  Highly recommend to everyone."
76561197972587707,Recommended,233130,9407327,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,topsideolive669,"Why must I be a teenager in love? No, wait, I'm not. And why am I not wearing gumboots?"
,Recommended,233130,1358997,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Bustin,You want Wang?! ♥♥♥♥ yes.
76561197967369063,Recommended,233130,10829670,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Chieftom,"I own many games on Steam and many games off Steam. Never before have I reviewed one (that I can think of). I just felt I had to leave a little review of this game because it really caught me by surprise.IT IS EPIC!I loved how the lead character is a tool bag and they don't care. I love the fact it's a sword fighting game in 1st person. Suprisingly... I even loved the story.I hardly used the guns as the sword skills are just tooo damn fun.My advice:BUY THIS GAME, EQUIP THE SWORD, START CHOPPING UP DEMONS!"
,Recommended,233130,10791708,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Potitoman,"Best swordplay mechanics... EVER!Don't be fooled by this game. To start with, it appears a semi-moronic, racist attempt at cashing in on some old game, but then you see how firmly their tongue is pressing against their cheek.Then you get a sword. Good lord, did they nail it in this game. Amazing! You'll be hacking and slashing demons with a satisfaction level of 11.It's all very fun and silly, but in the background, a deep and fairly moving story is revealed as you progress.It might not be everyone's cup of tea, but it has the best 1st person sword mechanics I've ever seen."
,Recommended,233130,11487394,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Bawstin,"Shadow Warrior is a fun reboot of a fairly popular FPS from the 90s. You play as Lo Wang, who is a security consultant for a large Japanese corporation. You use a variety of weapons to plow through a horde of demons to the end of the game.9/10."
,Recommended,233130,7669923,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,*RVR-02b,I really hope this pattern of old franchises being ressurected by people who aren't brain-dead continues.
,Recommended,233130,10993488,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,GACT KASE,Has Alot of Easter Eggs thats for sure CX I love this game. I love the old one too
76561198044255611,Recommended,233130,11102475,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Pennywise,"This game is so much fun, I would recommend to anyone that is fan to retro shooter like Duke Nuken and Doom. Cheesy humor, a lot of action and a lot of gore. Your main weapon it’s a sword and it handle beautifully and you can dismember all the enemies, this make the game so satisfying."
76561198042958828,Recommended,233130,11095348,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,N1NJA_P1MP,"In Shadow Warrior, you play as Michael J. Fox. You won't be able to hit anything you want to; the reticle just shakes all around the screen. This game seriously has the worst shooting mechanics of any FPS ever. Shadow Warrior epitomizes spray 'n pray.It's a good game otherwise, but fawk, if it isn't frustrating sometimes.7/10 - Would ninja with Parkinson's again"
76561198047012587,Recommended,233130,11102893,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,drakken75,Great Game Love it. Has some gret laughs! Buy it!
,Recommended,233130,11104862,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Mandalore,"9/10, very good story and gameplay; nothing is more sastifying than watching flying limbs after doing successful power attacks."
76561198005477245,Recommended,233130,9356394,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Brother Varnus,"Shadow Warrior is awesome. It is an old fashioned FPS with modern content of RPG elements. It is a game full of fun: great shooting, lots of gore, fantastic sword fights. I haven't played FPP game with so well made sword fighting elements.In the end even the story told in game is pretty good.I really recommend playing Shadow Warrior."
76561198042251031,Recommended,233130,11106552,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Sephreon,"EVERYONE needs to know the story of Two Million Dollar Man, Lo Wang!"
,Recommended,233130,10918770,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Carol,"super good release. probably one of the best games to come out of the current wave of arcade-influenced shooters to pop up. the game looks fantastic as well, and not even on maximum settings even then... replayability and whether or not you will revisit it after beating it is mildly questionable but because of stuff like an EX mode run it can get a bit more hours out of you as well. pretty good purchase overall and if you wanna buy it get it while it's on sale, way worth it at it's current price, and if I knew it would have been this good I would have got it at base price even then."
76561198086151600,Recommended,233130,10951835,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Alex - Jikazu,kill rabbits with a katana 10/10
76561197990528937,Recommended,233130,10952889,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Aussteigen,"It seems nowadays every game has the same basic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Linear story line, expected plot twists, lame villans, boring dialogue, and gets dull after a couple hours. Well ♥♥♥♥ that♥♥♥♥♥♥ Shadow Warrior sticks 2 finger up the stink and 3 in the pink. I have never played a game that has made me laugh like this while chopping off demons heads with a sword. ♥♥♥♥ing rights, you heard me. A sword. Think ninja gaiden in first person, but with ridiculously funny dialogue. But don't fear, for the rest of you call of duty playing 12 year olds, there are guns too. But use the sword. Seriously. Don't be a ♥♥♥♥♥. If you don't laugh while playing this game, you're one of two things. Simple, or deaf. Buy it. BUY IT."
76561198026004576,Recommended,233130,11141091,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,El KaCheton,"This is a real good game guys,,,I don`t like to cheat and look up stuff and then go play it,,,I like to play the game and find things out for myself...Makes it worth the money i spent on it...its really enjoyable,and once you learn the skills and all that other stuff,it really becoms more challenging,and it just make you want to play it more and more...Play it and I hope you like it as much as i do...Good Luck___& Enjoy!!!"
,Recommended,233130,10848166,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Bijisan,Great looking and sounding game. Doesn't take itself too seriously - just lets people have fun.
76561198037057801,Recommended,233130,10850277,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Spongebong,"I must say i was surprised at how well they did to keep the game feeling like the orignal Shadow Warrior, but yet enough innovation to keep the game fresh. when i bought this game i was expecting a pretty mediocre experience, But boy was i wrong, this game is probably the most fun i had playing a game in a long time. if you like the old school shooters like, the orignal Shadow Warrior, Duke Nukem 3D, Serious Sam. you will feel right at home, but at the same time it will feel like a breath of fresh air. 9/10"
,Recommended,233130,10852571,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,brandon286,i'ts Duke Nukem with ninjas
,Recommended,233130,10853223,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Kill La Kill Yourself,10/10 m8
76561197961217942,Recommended,233130,10856146,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Uncle Ruckus (No Relation),Big fan of the original and was very happy to see the kept the same style of humor in this one. I enjoy it thoughly so far.
,Recommended,233130,10044270,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Francis X. Clampazzo,"A blast to play.  Fast paced combat, gore a plenty, one liners, and Stan Bush's The Touch! The 80's are back baby."
76561197985704187,Recommended,233130,10054683,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Michael Fassbender,THE SPECTRE OF FUN HAUNTS THIS GAME
,Recommended,233130,10047901,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Urth,"The sword combat is very enjoyable, slicing heads off amidst explosions, who doesn't want that !"
76561198004760196,Recommended,233130,10048015,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,I'm Hype,Katana and gore. 10/10
76561198052187498,Recommended,233130,10049375,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,rubberduckyofdeath,"Umm....friggin' amazing!  This is filling the void that Serious Same First and Second encounter left in my soul, but was only teased by SS 2 and SS 3....I can't stop WTFing and LOLing...lolz!"
,Recommended,233130,9863214,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,SimonSays,What a surprise - this is what Duke Forever should have been. Love the classic FPS gameplay - the graphics are great. Tons of fun and secrets abound. Definitely worth it.
,Recommended,233130,9868297,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Djudge,Decent enough twitch shooter with surprisingly both a halfway decent plot and possibly the smoothest implementation of FPS swordplay that I've ever played. Upgrade menus are a tad wonky and enemy variety is a little threadbare especially during scripted wave sequences or when spawner-type enemies appear. Shouldn't stop anyone from enjoying the hammy banter and carnage of slicing and dicing through a hordes of demons.
76561198018892935,Recommended,233130,3204025,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,AceRimmer,"Suprisingly good FPS!  No glitches or bugs, solid gameplay and good storyline.  But what it really comes down to is the action.  The use of a sword is worked seamlessly into this FPS and is made extremely fun!  A variety of enemies, different skills/upgrades and spells makes this a must own game!"
76561197979487649,Recommended,233130,9581524,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Trashware,"While I slightly despise the recent trend of rebooting old franchises with their original names while often not being half as satisfying as the original this one obviously has been done very well. The joy, the action, the massacre is actually comparable to the 1997 Shadow Warrior. The game is fast, smooth and feels perfect. Some great weapon and character upgrades (and also some less interesting), good looking graphics and fun character models. So the following nitpicks are far from game-breaking, but noticeable.When talking about fast paced FPS games from the 90's I don't care about cut-scenes and storylines in general (unless they would be very original and compelling, or really fun) and I'm not exactly in need of a snarky companion while killing bad guys. Both story and characters have been well executed and everything is fully skippable if you so desire, but the story itself hasn't got a lot of depth or originality to offer, really. Still, I guess you could have a much much worse companion than Hoji.The biggest con though would be the level design, when compared to the original. It's much more linear and not as huge and maze-like, and consequently there's not as much sense of freedom. I want to be able to backtrack from start to the end and back again, but the game explicitly does not let you do so. Also there are tons of locations where it clearly looks like you can go somewhere, except for those infamous invisible walls. There's still quite some explorational fun to be had, just not as complicated or with as much freedom as the original.But man, does the game look good and man are that sword and its powers satisfying to use. Nothing of the points of criticism takes away any of that and neither did it stop me from grinning like a maniac most of the time. This is by far one of my favorite modern FPS games and I would heartily recommend it to anyone and everyone. As long as they enjoy flying limbs and tons of blood."
,Recommended,233130,9868931,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Wiimustdie2014,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nj53auZaPiE
,Recommended,233130,9909993,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,cacofony,"Excellent single player shooter. Game encourages the Katana use which makes for a lot of fun. Old school feel, loads of enemies and some humour all wrapped up in some pretty graphics."
,Recommended,233130,9911274,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Evernight,"Amazing game.  Less racist than the original - I suppose thats a good thing, but still humorous.  The sword play mixed with gun combat really harkens back to Jedi Knight and Jedi Outcast.  The Katana is done so well it makes you want to use it exclusively, but on the other hand the guns feel so punchy that you don't want to stop using them either.  Its a great game all around.  Long too."
,Recommended,233130,9759493,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Kung Fu Kai,Oldschool FPS violent fun meets Newschool graphics.Shredding and Exploding your enemies into pools of bloods and guts never gets old.
76561197989096039,Recommended,233130,9766958,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Just The Tip,"It's as good as what Duke Nukem's update should have been. It definitely improves on the original, where the Duke Nukem takes a step backwards. The only downside being the repitition of the same enemies throughout the game."
,Recommended,233130,9803845,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Sppaeh.?,"Let's be clear: this plays nothing like the original 3d Realms game aside from basic fps gameplay. There is a lot of good things to be said about this reboot: the swordplay is much more complex and the hit detection is a lot better, levels vary from koy ponds to caves, ice bases, and giant castles, all the weapons can be upgraded to have secondary firing, and you can hold all of your weapons at the same time. The sad thing is the early level seem a bit slow and going from point a to point b can get tiring. Thankfully, the last third of the game is satisfying enough to overshadow that problem. The only other complaint I have is that the final boss fight was a bit too easy. If you like FPS you should give Shadow Warrior (2013) a try!"
76561198072969562,Recommended,233130,9822640,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,ZexyWizard89,Great first person slaughter!!
,Recommended,233130,9826321,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,rommeldog,"Ok, so I played the original game way back when and loved it. This takes me back. The cheesy one liners and all. Too much good fun. So far I am enjoying it. Really like the sword play. I can give it a thumbs up now, I will edit this review after I have more time under my belt."
,Recommended,233130,27775890,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Yeebo,"Shadow WarriorFlying Wild Hog, 2013A modern throwback to a sideline classic.Fun swordplay, funny dialogue, appealing mapping.Too bad I'd recommend this game when it's 90% off."
,Recommended,233130,10090827,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Derpybot Kenji,"A fitting prequel to the '97 original, only with more of a focus on sword play, upgrades and wang jokes. A must have for the comedy alone."
,Recommended,233130,8535804,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Have You Seen This Twink?,Shadow Warrior is an amazing throwbackish game that is one of the top ten games of 2013 for me. Anyone who likes fast-paced destruction and gratuitous bunny sex should buy this game!
76561198015069758,Recommended,233130,8527980,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Cragmite,One of the best FPS out there for fun crazy killing bloodlust sprees!
,Recommended,233130,8531461,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,BlackJeepOfTheFamily,"This game is the definition of hack and slash, watch the trailers, words cannot explain the gameplay."
,Recommended,233130,8532984,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,mhess,One of the games of 2013 that made the most fun to play. Awesome.
,Recommended,233130,8541936,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Big Blob OneV,"Really fun single player experience, it focusses on gameplay and doesnt take itself too seriously, its fun and has a lot of variety in weapons and enemies.11/5"
76561197983155062,Recommended,233130,8542558,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Shmok.,"Eine Liebeserklärung an japanische Aesthetik, ekenztrische Riesenego-Antihelden und Dämonen mit dem Katana oder der Schrotflinte zu zerstückeln!"
,Recommended,233130,8547796,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Purple Pixel Dust,"Massive amounts of chaos, gloriously gory fights, and a hillarious one-liner spewing hero?  This is the game that Duke Nukem wishes it was.  This is how you do it right.   Its glorious, outrageous, and gorgeous fun."
,Recommended,233130,8548377,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Jammy Nutrun,"Take notice gaming industry: this is how you do a reboot.  Fast paced, fluid gameplay combined with the legendary Lo Wang make for an epic pairing."
,Recommended,233130,11839659,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,The Rockerfly,"Awesome amounts of fun. Badass one liners, ridiculous guns, stupid plot, decent game length (12-15 hours) more secrets than you can shake a stick at and awesome gameplay.If you like fun and your computer can run this then do yourself the pleasure of buying and playing this game. If I were to describe this game it'd be crude, violent and brilliant."
76561198036248583,Recommended,233130,11839949,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Twan Dollaz,"Great reboot of a cult classic, amazing graphics, funny in jokes, and solid gameplay. Probably one of my favorite fps games in some time."
76561197970166888,Recommended,233130,12067736,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Player Juan,So fun. Good old fashioned slash-em-up.
,Recommended,233130,12077456,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,kytjunon,"This is an excellent reimagining of a classic. If you liked the original Shadow Warrior, this is a great addition to your library"
,Recommended,233130,12079438,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,UberPotatoes,"The sword works well, and it's fun to slice things to bits. Got a nice old style shooter feel with it's varied enemies and visceral fast paced combat that doesn't involve a series of chest high walls. I kind of wish the dialogue wasn't horrible, though."
76561198050146802,Recommended,233130,7533005,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,EmeraldGH0ST,Unbelievable great Game! A must play!
76561198035574381,Recommended,233130,11841337,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Dkiller707,"Simply put, one of the most amazing experiences you'll have in an FPS this side of the new millenium. It effortlessly blends humor and serious storytelling, a worthwhile plot and meaningful characters and development of their stories and personalities, and incredibly fun, pulse pounding combat that will have you on the edge of your seat more often than not. The combat is very well done, wth numerous skill combinations and weapon types available in your arsenal, and the ability to specialise and upgrade them how you wish. The Art of this game is positively stunning, and the graphics are downright gorgeous. It may be demanding specifications wise, but not on the level of say Crysis or the like, and its impressive how well the game runs on a middling system like mine with so many of its settings maxed or near maxed.All in all, a game that seriously restored my faith in a genre I had given up to stagnation and endless CoD clones, and managed to provide a full package (Lo Wang would laugh at that line, I'm sure) that included every single thing short of multiplayer that you could ask for. Indeed, the lack of multiplayer is the only real design flaw this game has in my opinion. And even that can't keep me from looking fondly upon the hours I spent hacking away at demon hordes, nor can it overshadow the surprisingly deep story and characters. Seriously, try to play this game through without developing some form of liking towards Lo Wang and Hoji. They'll make you laugh, and they may even tug at your heartstrings at times. It's almost magical how alive they feel as the story progresses.10/10 in my book, an excellent game few, if any, should pass up, even if it isnt completely perfect, its perfectly enjoyable and a blast from the past that will have you glued to your PC from start to finish."
76561198092181114,Recommended,233130,11847430,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,doom freak E1M1,"Wow! This game keeps it old school and it has great gamplay and a great story, i love the easter eggs to the classic Shadow Warrior game and the game is funny like the old one.   I was shocked how great this reboot of a classic was, worth the money!"
76561198058670820,Recommended,233130,12129082,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,1ofJAHpeople,"Probably one of the best video games ever and I´ve played countless in my life (300+).The concept and the whole setting are just outstanding. Game controls are intuitive andit even contains some RPG elements. That means you can choose certain abilities andmodify your armory. Perfect balance between melee, ranged combat and special attacks.The environment feels very atmospheric and almost everything is destructible. Sure, ithas some flaws, there´s no open world to explore, but Easter eggs and secrets are all overthe place. It´s just pure fun to go through the levels and at least you can play the survivalmode. But be aware, a decent system is needed to run it smooth on maximum settings.+ graphics+ special effects+ sound+ ! music ! (awesome soundtrack)+ combat system- not recommended for low end systems- linear level design- ranged combat sometimes not viable"
76561198094120827,Recommended,233130,12139700,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Zoro,A must have for old school shooter lovers. The story is surprisingly good. Lo Wang is badass...
,Recommended,233130,11988742,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,StoneMercenary,Honestly this game is one of the best purchases I've made on Steam. I picked it up on a summer sale for a bargain but this game is better than most AAA title games and well worth the price tag. The combat might get a little repetitive after the first few hours but the funny one-liners and banter between characters keep the game engaging. I give it a 9/10 on the Wang-o-meter.
,Recommended,233130,11947904,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,OmegaFenix,"I have fond, nostalgia filled, memories of the original Wang-fest that was Shadow Warrior. This new installment seems to run of that nostalgia and while not the most brainy shooter out there, it make up for it by letting me slide demons with my swords.The additions of sword ""combo"" moves is a welcome change from the generic FPS Melee bashing you usually see in shooters.A fun Nostalgia fueled romp if you dont mind overlooking loose story and alot of Wang jokes...."
,Recommended,233130,12044492,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,much.zen,"Gorey, parodic, action-packed dismemberfest. Crank up the difficulty and let the fun begin. Best enjoyed in short bursts."
,Recommended,233130,11880661,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,MaJigerMan,Better than the Original and has  quite a bit of hilarious Dialogue as well.
76561197995493821,Recommended,233130,11880971,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,SnydeSaxxton,"This is the best reboot game I've ever played. the graphics are awesome. The gameplay is smooth and feels like hack and slash. the charactersare cool, the story is great. Lots of upgrades and weapons, and each weapon has more than one fire mode. Give this one a try."
,Recommended,233130,8270970,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Gunwarrior,"I bought it during a sale and it surprised me, its really damn good. Its Serious Sam: Revengeance, Ninja Gaiden Painkiller, basically its Jedi Academy with better graphics and♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes."
,Recommended,233130,12013620,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,ENder,"Excellent game, lots of fun, perfect throwback to what made FPS a genre."
,Recommended,233130,11869869,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Frax,"Breathtaking, humorous, captivating, beautiful graphics, good combat system and character upgrades, challenging, never a dull moment, great story... you simply won't be able to put it down until you've finished it. Then you'll feel you want another play-through. I can safely say this is a great and well-done game, a masterpiece."
,Recommended,233130,11969445,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Macro,"This game is fun, pure fun concentrated. Great gameplay, great ambientations, and the katana combat is simple but devastating. It's not like the other fps though, so if you are a fan of CoD games don't expect a game similar to other title: shadow warrior is unique."
76561198068009388,Recommended,233130,9161811,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,gohound,"For starters, this game has great combat. Cutting enemies into pieces with your sword is very satisfying and the gunplay isn't half bad, either. Aside from a few tedious enemies and bosses that seem to drag on, fighting in this game stays enjoyable. Lots of blood and gore make kills especially fun. Slicing a demon in half as it tries to crawl away comes to mind. Also, it's worth noting that when executing an enemy via limb chopping or beheading etc. it is done free-form. No QTE-like assassinations in this game. One of my favorite things about this game is the fact that it lets you progress as fast as you can kill your enemies, aside from a very miniscule amount of the compulsary ""press E on glowing button or switch"" that take about a second. Not a big deal, the game still doesn't hold your hand.Something this game has over a lot of modern shooters are its colors! Stunning Cherry Blossoms, Fireworks, multicolored magical effects and of course, vibrant red blood. Another way it breaks the modern-shooter-mold is its return to weapon and enemy variety. Knowing what gun to use for what enemy obviously comes in handy, and each weapon has a fair amount of entertaining upgrades. The map design may not be anywhere near as stimulating as something like in DOOM, or other older FPS games it gives homage to, but in my opinion it is a great step towards returning the genre to its original glory.Bottom line is if you like old shooters, or even modern ones then you will like this game.However, if you like the idea of claiming a powerful demons head and firing from it a powerful magic stream, thus turning lesser foes into demon stew, then you will REALLY like this game."
76561198003475493,Recommended,233130,19278364,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Logan_47,"The great atmosphere gets you quickly sucked in.I had many scares and felt tense at most times.For the fans of horror, this game is a must have!"
76561198110962005,Recommended,233130,19278728,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Roland,"For only 5 or 4 bucks, do it, just do it. its a great game, an old school shooter with katanas and demons, where you just kill everything in your path, while listening to Hoji (A charismatic demon) and our protagonist's Jokes.This game has a great gameplay, with sword play and shootin well combined, where you unlock perks and abilities that make the game better, you can combine your powers with your guns and have a lot of fun. this game by the way has surprisingly a Good story."
76561198109181565,Recommended,233130,19046766,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Psirrus,"This game has two of the most likable jerks in anything, but also has a epic tragedy weaving its way through the story. Always impressive when any story can balance drama and humor. Plus some pretty solid gameplay and fun weapons. Just wish there was a little more time between getting the complete sword and the end so there was more time and reason to play around with its nifty ability... maybe in the sequal."
,Recommended,233130,18811396,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,madje,"A game with allot of winks to the original game. Great action, boss battles, perk system and running around with a big samurai sword. The story wasnt so interesting, but it glued the levels togheter and it was entertaining."
,Recommended,233130,30601506,Posted: 18 March,all,Linux_user404,"This is one of the best games I ever played. This game has everything - humor, story, good game design, lots of details and my favorite - it runs in Linux flawlessly, which is an extremely rare case for games of such size that suppor Linux. Gameplay is smooth(no leading screens between different locations on a level). This game has secrets that are there to FIND them, and not accidentally get them. There are so many things that are done correctly in this game and are just wrong in many others(and still being done wrong in modern games). Like your character will not replace a mag in your gun if it is already full, he will do some other action instead. If you are at low health your screen will not turn red or simulate bleading from your eyes - it will decrease color perception instead. Your character will say that the fight was easy only if your health didn't drop below a certain threshold, and not when you barelly made it alive(just to sound cool and tough). There are many other small things that make you think: ""Hey, that is not an ordinary game, that is a f*cking masterpiece"". I recommend this to everyone who likes to play FPS. It also has some chalenging difficulty settings that most other games just do not have nowdays. If you play on heroic you will have to THINK first and THEN do. Like if you do not chose correct skills and abilities(during first levels) the first boss will just 1-hit kill you and since in heroic you cannot save-reload, you are done(though you still might be able to do it, you just need to be untouchable for around 20 mins)... Which is what a heroic difficulty is meant to be. Options in the game are also quite smart - you can toggle hints that show where you need to go. Level design is quite good, so for a new player it might not be clear where to go or what to do, and an experienced player might not want to have those kind of hints."
76561198006601110,Not Recommended,233130,19289014,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Mr Namaste,"The game is not bad but it's not that good either. It seems like its developer were lazy. There are few enemies, the boss figths are very easy but very long. Many enemies are just time consuming, you run around shooting and healing yourself until they fall.The weapons can be improved, but most of them are useless and you need money to improve them. Money is hidden around in all the levels, in various cases. Small amounts at a time. Making collecting all of it a huge loss of time.The whole game seems diluited in time, just to make it to barely 10 hours of gameplay. Almost no replayability.I was disappointed by this game, I was expecting a SeriousSamesque experience, but got a ""market bare minimum"" from it.6/10 - buy only in strong discount"
,Recommended,233130,7335929,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,qBLESSEDp,♥♥♥♥♥♥ loved this game!!
,Recommended,233130,19296846,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Queasy Moan,Where to start with this game.....I Wish I had bought it sooner. For $4.99 you can get the speacial edititon with all the weapons. Great game Great priceIts a great game thank god theres survival so I can continue the carnage for as long as I want!Great Game MUST BUY!
,Recommended,233130,19369229,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,ＨＯＦＦＭＡＮＮ,Slicy slicy
,Recommended,233130,15148476,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Nasty Pirate,Had a craving to replay this magnificent game so I will update my review.It's been almost a year since I last played it and it seemed that I was playing a completely new game. Thus replay-ability is great in this game.The scenery and whole atmosphere in some areas reminded me of my trip to Japan. Graphics are really amazing and run smooth even at my GTX 770 at ultra. Blood and gore all over make this a must game for all bloodlust craving fps maniacs out there.Slashing demons with a katana? Hell yeah!
,Recommended,233130,19289653,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Theron,Y U No have this game yet?????It's AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,233130,19363886,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,nN|CaphallO,The second mouse gets the cheese ;D
,Recommended,233130,19363288,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,cadet ferzola,Lo Wang.
,Recommended,233130,19363526,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Armorchin,Had problem with Sword hit detection on high fov.Still a good game and has unexpected top notch storyline.
,Recommended,233130,8565435,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,VoXeR,"Puns, guns and fast-paced hack and slash. This game has it all. Gameplay just doesn't get stale due to the gruesome Quake-esque combat and smooth controls. If you like Serious Sam and then with the addition of a sword, you'll love this."
,Recommended,233130,8568531,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Saerane,"I grabbed the game with very mild expectations and I must say I was pleasantly surprised by a deep story and great gameplay. It's simply stunning and very engaging, not to mention how addicting slaughtering hordes of monsters with a katana is. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,233130,8556294,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,doktor10,I was killed by a satanic black rabbit
76561197994263781,Recommended,233130,8559677,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Jeflanaab,Great hack and slash.
,Recommended,233130,8554125,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Oneone,"Awsome oldschool FPS , if you liked the old classic one you will love this! :)"
,Recommended,233130,8555003,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Capt. Raven,"If you are a fan of the FPS-genre, this game is a must-buy.Shadow Warrior offers things I've been looking for in FPS games for years. You get many different weapons, which are interesting to use. You have to search for additional ammo, though, which means you *will* have use different weapons. The obvious diamond among these weapons is your katana, which is always a good option - especially because it becomes stronger and stronger throughout the game. Not to mention that the voice actors for Lo Wang and Hoji are brilliant!It isn't the perfect game, of course. The level design, especially around the end of the game is astonishing. The first few levels are very basic and almost boring, though. Maybe a bit more enemy diversity could have helped, because at the end you'll have slain dozens of dozens of the same enemies. Still, it is the best FPS I have played in a *very* long time, oldschool attitude with a new-age coat and true next-gen graphics.tl;dr: This game is probably better than Half-Life 3"
,Recommended,233130,8594343,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,IronGibbet,"Despite the fact that the first loadingtime is rather long, this game is just pure fun if you enjoy splatter!"
,Recommended,233130,8596148,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Delight_Bag,"Looks like Duke Nukem lost his balls and Lo Wang found them - in my opinion, this is the only reason why Shadow Warrior is much better than Duke Nukem forever."
76561197969496508,Recommended,233130,8596983,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Etrigan,"Overall I feel that Shadow Warrior was a fun distraction.  Don't go into it expecting anything mind blowing or paradigm shifting, it's just a game where you blow crap up, blow people up, hear a crude joke, go down another hallway, and repeat it all again.Some of the humor fell flat for me, a few jokes were amusing, but I was a little disappointed that nothing made me laugh out loud, or even chuckle.  I'm sure that if I went back to the orignal game, a game I do remember having me laugh out loud, I'd find the humor crude and not as good as I remember it, but there's still that bar there, even if it was set by a much younger version of me who found more humor in wang jokes.There's also some enemy types that are horrendously annoying, a necromancer type guy and a blueish bull type thing, and there's a part at the very end that puts multiples of both of these guys in an arena that you must defeat!  This was a bit annoying, and I cringed each time I saw those enemies come up, but most of the enemies weren't too bad to fight, most arenas were very fun to slice and dice through.Overall if you are looking for a game that is nothing more than a bit of eye candy (there are some great scenes in this game) and a lot of explosions, you could do a lot worse than this game.  Go into it knowing what you are getting into: middle school humor, blood, gore, explosions, and sword play, and you wont be disappointed."
,Recommended,233130,8585684,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,UrLossMyGain,"A faithful trip down memory lane with a polish that every game from our childhood deserves.  This reimagination of Shadow Warrior easily fulfills every category for my personal FPS of the year.  The Katana, while such a simple wepon, is the most brutally amazing demon slaying device to be released with a game in a very long time and I would not hesitate to recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,233130,8585745,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Praehard,"I played the original shadow warrior ages ago, and its juvenile humor made me giggle. I even remember quite often quoting ole Lo Wang.  ""Sticky bomb! Watch out you go boom! "" Probably did it more than I should have, but it was a good memory for me. This game is another, its over the top, its juvenile fart humor, and its a bloody good time like dubbed samurai movies! Well worth it, if you a fan of shooters, jokes, and martial arts cliches. I'm enjoying it!  It's Wangtastic!"
,Recommended,233130,8586337,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Batcow,"Basically Serious Sam with swords, but it has a surprisingly good story - and a never ending stream of wang jokes. Whats not to love?"
,Recommended,233130,8590028,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,barriboy,"I don't know what it is about video games that comedies are so few and far between. Sure, commander Shepard and Niko Bellic might have some witty dialogue, but getting games that are pure comedies are pretty rare. Shadow Warrior is one such comedy.The game opens with a sword fight reminiscent of The Bride's battle with the Crazy 88, as limbs and heads are flying around like confetti at a new year's party. Within minutes of that, demons are invading our world and ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥up. It's up to Lo Wang to cut a path through demon hordes and hell itself to save the day.This isn't the funniest game I've ever played. That honor belongs to Saint's Row The Third, but there are some great bits of humor to be found in Shadow Warrior. All I'll say is this: make sure you kill every bunny you come across."
76561198209099303,Recommended,233130,18605551,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,cartercraig730,"fantastic now this is how you make a pc game, great graphics eventually, perfectly optimised i swear this game would run well on almost anything, great gameplay and level design and replayability. if your after a good single player fps and don,t mind some hack n slash in the mix then grab this little gem now. can,t wait for shadow warrior 2"
,Recommended,233130,17615640,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Filipe,I recommand it and that should be enough.
76561197960302047,Recommended,233130,17918120,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,TheLastOttoman,> Too many Evil Bunnies> Too many 2D manga> Too many exploding cars> Too many exploding barrels> Too many funny jokes> Too much awesome stuff you can do with the sword> Too much Uzi's on the screen- IGN.
,Recommended,233130,18797347,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,ChibsTv,10/10 would slice a demons head off again and slice it to little pieces when its dead. I guess you could say itsjust to much wang for me to handle
,Recommended,233130,18822681,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,BuryTheLiving,"This game is not without flaws, but because everything else is so well done, they are easily forgivable.Occasionally you will get overwhelmed by enemies to the point that it's frusterating. Occasionally you will fall through the terrain and die. There is some clipping here and there. Also, a compass or map would have been nice. Sometimes you find yourself  backtracking, which can be tedious for such a huge game.The bad stuff ends there, though. The game tells two stories that are made one. One, being the story told as you the main chatacter which is full of hilarious over the top moments, and the other, which tells the legend that the story pulls from, and is shown in a beautiful art style through cut scenes. The graphics, the audio (both musical and other), the weaponry, the smoothness of gameplay, the dialogue, the cutscnes, everything, is mostly fantastic.There are very few games I sit down and play straight through in a weekend, and this is one of them. I personally found it better than the recent Wolfenstein. This game is full of easter eggs, hilarious references, and plenty of action. It belongs up there with the old Duke Nukem games (which it references on multiple occasions).A must play."
76561198024138894,Not Recommended,233130,18955985,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,HealthPack,a crash with no online help on the later levels make the game unbeatable.
,Recommended,233130,18527478,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Savage Boy,"Just finished the game, I had 17 intense hours of action, fun and pleasure!The graphics are good with some nice places to ""visit""The game is pretty well optimized (at least for me)The gameplay is more than enjoyable, slashing is fun, some guns are even great to use!The story is more than interestingListening to some metal while playing is great !""Who want a piece of Lo Wang ?"" The protagonist is one genius and cool guy for sure.17 hours to finish the game is, well, good enough.But there are some cons...Difficulty is a bit weird : Easy boss battles (and too old school in my opinion) but some demons can drive the player insane like the one who can bring the corpses to life and I'm not talking about the last battles in the game.Ennemies' AI is not that good, running around a tree make the demons completely lost, but trying to sneak behind them is useless.Maybe the game is too much linear, but, it's not a bad thing at the same time, I mean, that's an arcade FPS, at least there are secret passages everywhere in the game with a lot of easter eggs about the 1997's game, geek culture and other stuff!So, yes this game is great BUT yes, SW 2 will be better !"
,Recommended,233130,18516754,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Ambient,It's a great first person action game. Very straight to the point. Not a modern classic but you will certainly enjoy playing it through quite a bit.
,Recommended,233130,18394082,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Buttermancan,"This is a throw back to 90's style FPS's. It's fast, brutal and energetic. The combat feels solid and is very rewarding.The enemies are lacking a little in the A.I department but this is made up for by having to face different enemy types at the same time - each requiring different strategies for success.The story is really silly but fun and reminds me of cheesy 80's action films at times.You can have fun playing this if you want to sink your teeth into a game over a few weeks. It also works if you just wanna have fun for half an hour at a time as it doesn't take itself too seriously and it constantly brings thrills and spills.Enjoy the Wang one liners..."
76561198009961187,Recommended,233130,18385687,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Tounen,Combat alone makes this game one of the best FPS titles out there. Also gorgeous graphics and great optimization.
76561198011673533,Recommended,233130,10257472,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Duke of the Flies,"YO! THIS GAME'S PRETTY GOOD! CHECK THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OR DON'T, BUT I THINK YOU SHOULD! THAT'S JUST ME THOUGH! I MEAN, I HAD A LOT OF FUN WITH IT"
76561198000058788,Recommended,233130,18363194,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Tater No-Pants,Seriously one of the most fun and awesome first person shooters I have ever played!
,Recommended,233130,18311550,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,EveryoneRunsFasterWithAKnife,"Blood, sword chopping, and crude language. This game is a pretty incredible stress reliever. It plays like a pretty old school game and has some insanely awesome references to the original. Can anything live up to the original? No. But this is a fun game and that counts for a lot."
,Recommended,233130,18313768,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,bad_rain,"Decent FPS, nothing revolutionary. Oldschool, bloody, non-stop action gameplay. If that's a thing that makes you tick... Shadow Warrior is for you :) Single player campaing offers about 14-16h of content. It's satysfying enough and not dragging too long. Variety of weapons to choose from, upgrades, special moves and abilites - all that makes the game really enjoyable. Sword mechanics are simple and fun to use too. It's a big chunk of Shadow Warrior, but gunplay is also very appealing. If you're a oldschool loving gamer, wishing for some good, nonscripted FPS action, Shadow Warrior will scratch your itch. No ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, just violence. Just like in Painkiller. Just like in Rise of The Triad. Just like in Doom or Quake. Even better- Shadow Warrior has a likeable main character. Not to mention his demonic, cynical sidekick. It's enormous fun to listen them chat."
,Recommended,233130,18550474,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,MrDowntempo,"Very Linear game, with lots of video gamey elements (every house keeps ammo and crossbow darts in their cupbards) But despite all that, it's fantastic fun. The swordplay is button mashy gorey goodness, the upgrade system has a lot of options, and the hokey video-gamey plot is a good homage to the original, and simple stupid fun too."
76561198155877616,Recommended,233130,17574814,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Th3r4n,You no mess with Lo Wang..
,Recommended,233130,16722432,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,midnight640,"It's good, get it !12 hour campain and only 1 bug I found this is one great game. After you finish there are new modes to play so you can get 20 hours of slashy, bloody, fast paced  fun."
76561198043038197,Recommended,233130,20199083,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Bob Bunk,"Fun throwback to older shooting games. Based on a classic I never had the chance to play. Basically you fight hordes of demons throughout every level and eventually take on a few redundant bosses. The story is fine, but it almost would have been better without one. The one liners are enough to keep me entertained throughout but the story did nothing for me other than slow things down. For me it's ideal to have a great story in a video game, but this one takes itself a little too seriously at points and it threw me off constantly. Throughout my playthrough I just never got into the plot.Gameplay is mostly good, but the swordplay shines most. Once the sword gets powerful enough, you'll find yourself hardly using the other guns--which is definitely a shame. Movement is not as responsive as I would like. You can dodge about in any direction, but it doesn't feel as swift as it should be. That, and there are many debilitating--and disorienting--enemy attacks that really bog you down. If you don't like screen shaking, you may find yourself irrated by certain enemy types.While the story is largely forgettable and the gameplay has a few problems, I'd still say this is a fine game. First person swordplay is hard to get right but Shadow Warrior manages to make it both fun and useful. I enjoyed the game and would consider playing it a second time, as you get to keep all the upgrades you've acquired for a New Game Plus style playthrough (once you get the final version of the sword you will definitely want to try that out).I reccommend this to fans of both new and old school shooters. It takes the best of both worlds in most cases and is just a fun game to play. Wait for a good sale and you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,233130,20166497,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Aurora Solaris,"One of the best avaiable FPS that successfully mixing oldschool and modern mechanics. Protagonist is really funny and you will enjoy his one-liners without a doubt. Graphics are really good (especially enviroments). You will fight in various places - forests, snowy mountains or cities. Gameplay is really varied, you have a large amount of guns, Ki powers and sword techniques at your disposal.The biggest + of this game is your sword. I`ve never encountered FPS where melee weapon was as effective as guns. You have almost total freedom in weapon choice - you can play with firearms or with katana only... and yes, you can finish (almost) entire game without shooting a single bullet (I`ve used guns only during boss fights).Totally recommended for every FPS fan, especially when you like more oldschool action instead of boring modern ""realistic"" pew pew."
,Recommended,233130,20163863,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Goose bro,"It's the best game I've ever played!I recommend this game to everyone that loves to kill enemies with brutality*psychopathic laugh*Things why U should buy this game:You can slice enemies as cheese :DGore, lots of bloodEpic weaponsGame is fast, fieryIt's going to have the sequelYou can rest after bad day with slicing body into pieces by KatanaIn last words I can say only:] THIS GAME IS WORTH ITS PRIZEHAPPY NEW YEAR's EVE MY FRIENDS!"
76561198062560300,Recommended,233130,20178621,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Little pizzamaster,"A good nice looking game, very funy and very recommended. I realy enjoid the game and the story"
76561198043966185,Recommended,233130,20162881,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,gojira,fun and simple
,Recommended,233130,20059565,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Walker,"Buy it right now dudes. Its like 5 for the special and 4 for the reg version. Callback to some of the greatest FPS games ever created, and it shows. PICK IT UP!"
76561198064542039,Recommended,233130,20059817,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Pansy-Tongue,"I would pay full price for this game, very satisfying hack and slash action game,9/10"
,Recommended,233130,20070928,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,REPOner,Only 2 words can describe this masterpiece: BAD♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,233130,7312326,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Jazz-y,Melee combat done right with firearms and demonic powers. A great successor to the original and truly worth the money it costs.
,Recommended,233130,20062777,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,"Halser, the","Excellent in the beginning and middle, but falls off a bit towards the end.The gameplay is top notch, and it's genuine fun to chop things, explode things, shotgun things to bits, and mix and match.There are a few nitpicks however:*There's a very annoying weapon switch delay that tends to kill the pace of a fight. Not sure why it exists.*Enemies can get quite damage spongey towards the end of the game. Maybe it's because I played on hard, but those big guys took 9 rockets to kill and they're very common towards the end of the game.*The amount and type of enemies you encounter towards the end of the game gets quite frustrating. You get very few ""fodder"" foes to give you some easy kills to relax a bit, it's all elite enemies that take a ton of hits to kill. Great enemies to fight every once in a while, but not all the time, and not multiple at once.*Fall damage seems to grow insanely fast. I thought I could afford to fall one floor since the player character is a ninja, but that just makes his knees explode.*Hit detection is a bit wonky. Sometimes an enemy will swing or strike a good bit distance from you, but you'll still take hits. Sometimes you can go nuts slashing on something point blank, but never actually hit it. This is rare, though.*Some of the most god awful boss fights I've ever seen in any game. The same gimmick, repeated five times!Despite the nitpicks, it's so cheap I have to recommend it. There's a very nice point in the middle of the game where difficulty feels perfect, and when this game works, it's a joy to play."
,Recommended,233130,20261469,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,AlexanderTheGreat1999,Lots of gore
76561198082562700,Recommended,233130,20265057,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Villikarju,Fun game with only a bit of frustration due to level design. Good sword and gunplay.
,Recommended,233130,20262481,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,A Bear,"Chapter 1 - Killin DemonsChapter 2 - Killin DemonsChapter 3 - Killin DemonsChapter 4 - Killin DemonsChapter 5 - Killin DemonsChapter 6 - Killin DemonsChapter 7 - Killin DemonsChapter 8 - Killin DemonsChapter 9 - Killin DemonsChapter 10 - Killin DemonsChapter 11 - Killin DemonsChapter 12 - Killin DemonsChapter 13 - Killin DemonsChapter 14 - Killin DemonsChapter 15 - Killin DemonsChapter 16 - Killin DemonsChapter 17 - Killin Demons, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ a brick from twist11/10 Would kill demons again"
,Recommended,233130,20256528,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Schuch1,Classic remake of the original. You no mess with Lo Wang!
76561198000414498,Recommended,233130,20255292,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,pablootero2000,Buy it
76561198081371819,Recommended,233130,20253399,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Lycurgess,"This game is amazing! I picked it up on sale for like 5 bucks, mainly to giggle at the viscera cleanup detail game that came with it, and was blown away with how fun it was. I'm just going say it.Best demon dismemberment katana simulator EVER!I only used guns on bosses and those annoying flying things otherwise I just ran around like the katana wielding freak Lo Wang is. The only remotely negative comment I can make about this game is that the tone gets more serious as the game progresses and it kind of made the game less fun to me. In the beginning your cracking jokes and being the crazy amoral, egomaniac that Lo Wang is and near the end all that stops and things get serious and kind of depressing.That being said if you're on a quest for massive carnage, your journey is now over.O and beware the Bunnies. You have been warned."
76561198277204206,Recommended,233130,22491720,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Emperor_Makis,I freakin chopped at least 5000 bodys in half with a sword so im happy10/10
76561198041146848,Recommended,233130,22510147,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,patshibby,Great Fun...
,Recommended,233130,22508659,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,TrulyNoxified,So far this game is really good. Pretty funny and crazy sword slashing gameplay!
,Recommended,233130,22510921,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Beaniebby,Yes.
,Recommended,233130,10528156,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Sir Kron The Mad,"It has references, humour, uber-gore and Wang jokes!This game has a lot of the old school charm of it's predecessor, a doom-like frenetic shooter with lots of tastey hidden powerups and eastereggs and the occasional punishment for finding them.the game has reasonable pacing, the variety of upgradable weapons, skills and magic stops things getting stale and more importantly it's fun."
,Recommended,233130,10531235,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,INANE,This game is old school fun.  Think Duke3D with an Asian theme.
,Recommended,233130,10623917,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,BuzzJack,"It's like Painkiller, except more shiny."
76561198042735348,Recommended,233130,10486793,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Maximum Evil77,"Shadow Warrior is an amazing game. 9/10SW is a blast to play. There is amazing swordplay (I only used guns if it was needed), fun, wide variety of guns, and a simple and fun upgrade system. There are plenty of secret areas and collectibles for you to find while playing. Not to mention demonic bunny rabbits... can't say anything bad about a game with those. Though the story can get confusing at times, the pay off at the end of the game is great. This game is a breath of fresh air in a world of modern military FPS games. If you want an awesome FPS full of great humor, a campaign full of diverse locations, and something that is just plain fun to play, look no further."
,Recommended,233130,10488467,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Sure You Can,"A fun filled romp through the demon infested land of Japan. Retro shooting action, snarky demon sidekick, and death beam projecting decapitated demon heads. Go ♥♥♥♥ up some ancients. 10/10"
76561197971218408,Recommended,233130,10488602,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Adhesive 03,"Good humor, good gameplay. For me, this game is great fun."
,Recommended,233130,10504785,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Chuckeles,"One of the best shooters I have played. Very nice graphics, sounds and overall design. I love the sword and all the guns.The story was also very good and made me curious. The ending was great with a briliant soundtrack. All in all, awesome!This is game is highly recommended."
76561198058544234,Recommended,233130,10656797,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Tristan_666,Had a lot of fun with the original and am really enjoying this so far!
,Recommended,233130,10491898,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,ComradeCuttlefish,"This game is refreshing, it's an old style FPS with fast paced gunplay and great first person melee which is rare. Some areas involving combat in water caused me framerate drops even on low settings other than that the game is one of my favourites for this year"
,Recommended,233130,10578209,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Rockstar Dan,"The only other time I laughed this hard playing a video game was ""Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon"". Purchased the game when it was on sale and I was truly delighted. It's incredibly over-the-top first person B-Movie action! grab your sword so you can slice and dice bad guys & monsters in very creative ways while trying not to cry laughing at the hilarious dialogue. Grab it when you can and get ready to have a lot of fun slicing up bad guy body parts"
76561198087851477,Recommended,233130,10115763,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,(((Them))),"i ♥♥♥♥ing loved this gaem its so amazing to run around the levels and dfind all of the secrets. i honestly think everyone should mown this game its amazing. the boss fights are cool, all of the weapons are cool, and the maps are breath taking. BUY THIS GAME. if you like swords guns and amazing story pick this up RIGHT NOW."
,Recommended,233130,10111776,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Lumic,"Great, gory grindhouse fun!If you're a fan of the original Shadow Warrior, it's worth checking out, even if it departs from the original in several respects. I look forward to future games by Flying Wild Hog with great anticipation!"
,Recommended,233130,10112591,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Lizard King Of The Shire,"Game is hilarious. If you like the older style of shooters mixed in with some new school stuff and feel like laughing as you slaughter stuff, than this game is for you. Will need a pretty decent computer to max the games graphics out but it looks very good when doing so. Campaign is pretty lengthy as well-rougly 10-14 hours depending on how fast you go."
,Recommended,233130,10145051,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Nuclear Wizard,"His name is Lo Wang and he goes bang bang.  Pretty much the epitome of excellence in modern FPS's.  It's not only beautiful to look at, but has one of the best sword control schemes I've ever run across.  Definitely worth a buy."
,Recommended,233130,8729535,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Warmarine,"Shadow warrior is one hell of a ride. Yes, the story isn't ""Award"" worthy, but really? Who in this world is expecting a mind blowing story on a gruesome game that's basically a reboot to a obscure 90s fps game staring the most sterotypical asian man ever. The combat has the best sword play for a FPS game I have ever played, the humor is really good, it's visually gorgeious, the game is a true example of how modern FPS needs to be like and is a exact example of how you do a reboot of anything"
,Recommended,233130,8744060,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Tootmander,"A lot of FPSes are straightforward. Run through a level, killing everything, and keep an eye out for seekrit doors.Shadow Warrior does this, but it also provides a narrative that you don't often see in an FPS. Combine the story with gratuitous violence, interesting (though sometimes confusing) maps, melee combat that actually works, and attention to traditional demon myths, and you end up with a game that's entertaining, despite its raunchy humor.I'd recommend this to anyone that enjoys FPSes. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone that gets motion sickness, however, as the sword swings roll the camera from side to side."
76561198024219821,Recommended,233130,8745353,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Captain Orgasmo,Best shooter (and slasher!) of 2013. Damn good thing!
,Recommended,233130,8747113,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,WGM,omg game of the decade
76561198028313568,Recommended,233130,8747909,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,CommanderBubbles,"Great game. Easy to pick up. It's got a good mix of guns, a wildly fun sword, and magic. Simple, easy to follow story that doesn't drag and some pretty funny dialogue."
76561198026090035,Recommended,233130,8749397,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Lstepina,"Great game!  Bought it because I played the first one years ago.  Loved that one, but this one was even better.  Lots of variety in weapons, and each one has its purpose.  Upon encountering some enemies for the first time, I thought the game was too difficult.  However, with some practice and a change of tactics, each enemy became manageable.  In the end, I was proud of my ability to switch between weapons depending on what my target was.  I like the fact that you can carry all weapons at once.  I would love to import this character into L4D2 with all these weapons."
76561197967650601,Recommended,233130,7585555,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,maurinusa,"Modern shooter with old school sensibilities.  Good combination of melee and gunplay, sword stays viable the whole game.  I had a lot of fun with this.  Give it a try"
,Recommended,233130,8785443,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Mr. Rascal,"This is a dumb and immature game that is fun to play. The melee is cool, but the guns are mediocre. Dialogue is good, if you can stand low brow humor."
,Recommended,233130,436556,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Nosehole,First Person Awesome-Simulator. A++
,Recommended,233130,8786246,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Sharkfarts,"Shadow Warrior is actually a quality game. I have one major hangup, and that is the level design of one early level wherein you walk around a cemetery for.. longer than necessary. The later levels are absolutely fantastic, with the right amount of action and little doses of exploration.The combat in this game is pure awesomeness. It never gets boring or repetitive, as the difficulty scales expertly throughout the game. By the end of the game, you've earned a solid set of powers and upgrades and have mastered your favorite weapons. You will be mowing down enemies without blinking simply because youve trained well. It is a satisfying feeling where the difficulty never spikes arbitrarily, yet climbs steadily as you get better at wielding the katana and accompanying abilities.The story is unique. There is a strange contrast between the generic Asian stereotyping (no differentiating between Japanese and Chinese influences, for example) and the artistic impact of the cutscenes providing narration. It manages to keep both the 80s action movie awesome and the mesmerizing feeling that you're gazing into another world.Art direction is fantastic, with environments thoughtful and diverse. Level layout is pretty clever at some points, though there are times when it feels like maps were drawn simply to extend the gameplay length by placing keys further from locks. Repetitive props aside, there are plenty of screenshot-worthy moments. Frustration occurs when game direction is unclear, which happens at several points but not to the point where it's a main feature.The most important thing to know about this game is that the combat is wicked epic. You will be slicing heads off for around 15 hours, and you will not be getting tired of it. It also comes with goodies that I love seeing, like custom crosshairs, extra katana skins, katana inertia, and katana strike aim-assist levels from basic to advanced. The katana is to Shadow Warrior as the portal gun is to Portal. It's a gimmick that works."
,Recommended,233130,8793112,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Quadcricket,A fun romp with a very nostalgic sword. Play if you liked the old Shadow Warrior.If you never liked or know Shadow Warrior you can skip this and not miss anything.(Be warned if you do play that I was killed more times rushing forward down a ramp and glitching the physics then by enemies.)
,Recommended,233130,8777481,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,kazereal,"Visually really nice, plenty of stuff every otaku should find familiar and dialogue and story has plenty of interest and intruque..Gameplay mechanics with different attacks and upgrades offer more depth than assumed before.Even at early gameplay this surprised me as much better than expected, well worth playing."
,Recommended,233130,8778254,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Lackswick,"I bought this game cause I thought it would be like Chivalry: Deadliest Warrior except with NPCs. It was so much more! Trying not to spoil the game (im only on Chapter 3 so I cant say much) it is AMAZING! Don't even get me started on the sword gameplay, it is so GOOD a video can't even bring justice to it. Although guns are (in my opinion) are pretty much useless (so far the first two guns). There is little things between the dialouge and easter egg thats will make you smile or even laugh. I would highly recommend this game to others."
,Recommended,233130,1226108,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Arkveveen,"Shadow Warrior is a first person shooter game that is extremely good. Far too good for its own good, even, and the news MUST be spread. THIS is the shooter of the year, not Battlefield 4 or Call of Duty Ghosts.Here is why the game is good:Insane levels of depth with weapon upgrades, skills, and powers, with each requiring their own resource to upgrade that you can find in the world.Insane value, as the game is lengthy as Lo Wang's um, wang, with about 17 levels/chapters.Explosive, bloody, and gorey combat that is too much fun whether or not you prefer using magic, sword, or other weapons like the PDW (SMG) which is my favorite weapon!Fantastic humor, with Lo Wang's classic one liners and qoutable qoutes.Insanely good visuals. Numerous visual options to help balance beauty and performance, including the extremely underused TRIPLE BUFFERING option. Field of view slider included for even the most discerning first person shooter fan!Secret areas. Did you think they would leave out fun to find secret areas, that are actually TOUGH to find? Well, think again!Shadow Warrior, is in fact a game that deserves good reviews. It MUST get good reviews, because if I see any stupid pro review source say that this game isn't that great, I WILL KICK THEM INTO A PIT FULL OF DEMONS, LO WANG STYLE!PC Gamers everywhere, get this game NOW! This is as close to PC gaming and shooting perfection that we'll get for awhile, so get it while it's hot!"
,Recommended,233130,8783582,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,IdentityAJB,"+Great Katana Combat+Interesting Power/Ki System+Great Visuals (lighting, color, presentation)+Beautiful Level Backdrops+Sometimes Legitimately Funny-Uninspiring Level Design-Combat Lacks Feedback-Guns Feel Silly-Gameplay Becomes Tedious/RepetitiveI really want to say that I love this game.  The visuals are excellent via the developer's proprietary Road Hog Engine.  Cutting through enemies with your deadly katana feels initially great.  The machismo is initially charming.  The problem is that the other pieces; the gunplay, the level design, the enemies, are so boring and monotonous that its key positives cannot outweigh its whole to become a great rather than a good game.While the story is somewhat interesting and will become the main driver to complete the game, the gameplay does not change to any degree beyond the first couple hours.  This would be fine if the enemies' attacks had feedback or the gunplay was enjoyable similar to Shadow Warrior Classic, but these lacking qualities turn this game into a first-person slash-wildly-at-demons simulator.I look forward to Flying Wild Hog's next game as their engine has great potential and the growth they showed between the development of Hard Reset and this Shadow Warrior remake is impressive.Come for the visuals and swordplay, stay for the jokes and plot.[GET AT SALE]"
,Recommended,233130,22452273,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Microsoft EXCELSIOR!,"The best murder simulator I've ever played. I can't even count the number (not to mention stylish) ways I can kill demons with my sword and that's not to mention the rest of the arsenal. For instance fully upgradeable explosive crossbow, flamethrower, laser guided rocket launcher, weird-looking shotgun that you can get incendiary round for and more! Like demon heads, yes I can cut off demon heads and use it as a weapon, same goes for demon hearts. You can imagine how I have to retrieve those.On top of the fact that it's a murder simulator it has a great compelling storyline, interesting (and entertainingly snarky) characters, and a lot of hilarious♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes. It has death metal demon rabbits that try to kill you if you interrupt their sexy time, a ton of retro easter eggs in homage to the original Shadow Warrior, and plenty of other Easter Eggs like a surprise appearance by godzilla if can find it.After I completed the game I came back here and looked at the trailers again. Just watch the second one to know what I mean when I say that they make shameless cross promotion funny.?/10 All grading scales simply understate how enjoyable this game is to play."
,Recommended,233130,22493561,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,PLUGGI,NICE
76561198294361916,Recommended,233130,22329799,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Pugilistic Pug,You can behead giant demons and use their heads to shoot lasers out of their eyes.
76561198073125985,Recommended,233130,22308973,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,TheMilkMan1978,Love this game!
,Recommended,233130,22341798,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Large and in charge,Remember when FPS games were fun to play?
76561197970918619,Recommended,233130,21679597,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Tristessa,"Sword fighting, demons slaying, bloody killing. Brilliant."
76561198154563070,Recommended,233130,21716335,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Oz,"One of the very few games still keeping the arcade action FPS sub-genre alive and a game franchise that is so irrevilent that it somehow becomes relevant in this time of COD after COD, truely a breath of fresh air from modern first person shooters and a beautiful love letter to the type of game that the devs so clearly loved. Not only is the gun combat fun but a huge surprise for me was the sword play and magical abilities that added diversity to an already flexible combat system, really its more of a first person samurai badass simulator (if u choose the katana) but if firing NUKE DUKEMS (yes thats a thing) from a rocket launcher is more your thing then Shadow Warrior should do nicely. Theres is also a tone of upgrades for your guns and even magical abilities that make a new game+ playthrough a worth while excuse to experience the whole thing again but shooting NUKE DUKEMS from lvl 1. To top it off is actually one of the games strongest...errrr...strengths, the story, it adds some interesting lore mixed with some great one liners and some pretty funny writing to accompny Lo Wangs story.Now go get some Wang!"
,Recommended,233130,21756174,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,VVazi,"If you liked the old Shadow Warrior, you will love the new one."
76561197965332738,Recommended,233130,21670039,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,[TRP] Talic1337,"Worth it just for the one liners. Add in an awesome fps, blood, limbs flying, swords, and guns. So much goodness in a singleplayer shooter that just will keep you entertained the whole way through. Definitely the most fun I have had with a singleplayer FPS in a long time."
76561197967402765,Recommended,233130,21858461,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Pandah,"Picked up the game for pretty cheap and have to say it was worth every penny.  The game play reminds me of the days of old where you needed health packs, aiming down the sights were not necessary, and the whole puzzler part of finding keys to open doors. Even does some easter eggs that fans of the first game will remember.The game play is fluid and fast pace with the sword play being an absolute blast.  You can even change the sword settings to swing the sword in the direction that you move.  You can dash around like a samurai and do the stereotypical samurai slash attacks you see in Japanese films and animes. The game also uses Karma points that you can use to learn new sword techniques or magical abilities like creating shields or self healing.  The levels have a lot of things to slash and shoot and secret rooms to find. The character Lo Wang is essentially the asian version of Dead Pool.  Now that I think of it, this game is essentially an FPS dead pool simulator.  Playing this game makes me excited for Shadow Warrior 2.The game is only 12 gigs and also comes with Visceral Cleanup: Shadow Warrior Edition for free.  So download that first, then play it while Shadow Warrior downloads.P.S. A lot of people mention this death metal black rabbit that kills everything.  I have fought it and killed 2 of them already because I'm not a b*tch."
,Recommended,233130,21860284,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Target Bravo,"How is this so underrated?! My god, I thought I was picking up just a hack and slash to mess around with, I didn't realize I was picking up one of the missed gems of recent games.The gameplay is a ton of fun, the dialogue and writing is hilarious, and it looks great. If you like Kill Bill, Deadpool, Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon, or anything like that, you'll dig this.I GOT THE TOUCH. I GOT THE POWERRRRR!!!8.5/10"
,Recommended,233130,21806815,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,GonButNeverForgotten,Great game!
,Recommended,233130,21694363,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Taco Snob,"I was very impressed with this game. I was expecting a modern take on the classic fast-paced fps style with funny storytelling throughout (which it has and executes very well) but I did not expect such a quality story with some very dramatic moments.-Combat feels fluid, fast, and fun-Gore and physics are over the top which adds to the grotesque satisfaction of slicing up demons-The katana is an interesting alternative to conventional firearms and the ki powers add an interesting spin on combat.-RPG elements are useful enough to add to the fun while not being too much to the point where it feels like grinding (most importantly, they don't feel shoe-horned in like almost every other shooter nowadays)I'd say it's well worth whatever price you pay for it."
76561198159416995,Recommended,233130,21698488,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,GINGER_DiNERO,"WOW... just WOW. I dig the heck out of this game. Its hillarious! The one liners that Lo Wang says are just great (second only to DUKE NUKEM). The game play is simple and fun. The story line is turning out pretty descent ( i havent won the game yet!).  Also, it seems to be more fun with a game con ( i have xbox one controller ).  Graphics are pretty good considering its age.  Fun game i would recommend to anyone looking for a thrilling slasher with lots of comedy.ONE last thing, dont tick off the rabbits, they are viscous beasts..."
,Recommended,233130,13086298,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Mz Cookies,Killer demon rabbit and 100+ corny wang jokes. 10/10 would play again
76561198069863156,Recommended,233130,21731093,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Master TANG !,Good remastered of an old classic .fun to play8/10
76561198109331099,Recommended,233130,21740716,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,ithormot,i just gotta say playin this game brings out the Wang in me!!! 10000/10
,Recommended,233130,20020057,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,DMUA,very nice hack and slash with funny lines and awesome katana physics
,Recommended,233130,21891493,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Bill Cosby,Killed small rabbits and one turned into a demon and thrash music played while he kicked my♥♥♥♥♥10/10
76561198086359810,Recommended,233130,21902939,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Mouse,"''Killing is easy, giving a sh*t is hard''"
,Recommended,233130,9680971,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,VertiBRO,"I had fun. A good run and gun game that manages to mix in melee combat pretty well. Shadow Warrior doesn't bring anything new to the table as far as gameplay goes, but it doesn't ♥♥♥♥ anything up."
76561197991070640,Recommended,233130,9659166,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,ExP4U,"Was wayyyyyy better then I ever expected....Though it would of been a let down like duke nukem but it did a great job!!! Loved  using the sword. I didn't feel bad buying this at all. Most games you are kind of like "" I spent 60 dollars for this....?"" This game was worth it to me."
,Recommended,233130,9659709,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Lython,"How the blue blazes is this a 73 on Metacritic? Easily a 9/10 for me. Fun swordplay, nice design, interesting story, and fantastic characters. It is the epitome of stupid fun. For those of you who've played the demo, and aren't sure if the rest of the game holds up to that, it does, by far."
,Recommended,233130,9661624,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Zephyrkul,Kill every single bunny you see. I DARE you.
,Recommended,233130,9662430,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Veez,"Three reasons to buy this game:1) You've got a Katana2) It's ♥♥♥♥ing gorgeous (seriously!)3) You've got a ♥♥♥♥ing Katana.Gameplay is spot on; sword play is ♥♥♥♥ing excellent with excellent gibbing. Also, it's hilarious. Seriously, just get this game; you'll thank me later."
76561197983604261,Recommended,233130,9665092,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,rickroy89,Excellent game! It has alot of elements I enjoy in the game.
76561198030246089,Recommended,233130,9666096,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,0perator 88,HacknSLash Near Perfection!!A Real SlaughterFest of a Game!!This is what DNF Should Have Been at The Very Least!!
76561198114371713,Recommended,233130,9666371,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,FrumpaRump,"If you like classic shooters, sword gameplay, comedy, and/or Wang, then Buy. This. Game."
76561197993671063,Recommended,233130,9803843,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Woodsy,Take a trip down memory lane with this fantastic FPS. Shadow Warrior reborn! 7.5/10
,Recommended,233130,9789327,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,wxing,Well put humour in story of Japanese/Chinese mixup with lots old style shooter gameplay and of katana slashing!
76561198119139382,Recommended,233130,9792130,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Bagel Bill,Sweet game but I focused more on the viscera cleanup detail bonus download.8.5/10
,Recommended,233130,9812588,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,DirtY*DawG,"A little bit of mixed feelings for this game but  here goes:To give an overall feel for the game (in a nutshell) Shadow Warrior 2013 = PainKiller + Hard Reset.  Very old school mob shooter.  Kill the mobs, wait for the big boss, look for secrets, repeat.  Add a few lines of humor and you have Shadow Warrior.  Now I'm really not a fan of that style of shooter but like anything else there are good ones in that genre i.e.: Painkiller.  This game is no PK...but it tries....Graphics:Loved the maps, the environment, gritty and very creepy.  Awesome textures, lighting, I thought the game looked great.  I felt like I was playing HardReset with a new paint job.  So similar were the two (same developer of course) had it not been for the weapons SW could almost pass for a HR mod.  Explosions everywhere (like everywhere, anything explodes hence the Hard Reset reference lol)Weapons:Awesome.  Lot's of weapons, lots of upgrades, one of my favorite parts of the game.  The sword play is fantastic lol.  Lot's of really cool and interesting moves.  Despite all the heavy weapons it's the Katana that leaves you with that satisfied feeling.Gameplay:This gets a bit tricky.  Very smooth  FPS, good controls and handling.  However the specialty moves I found to be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to deal with.  On the upside you can build up your skill trees (Weapons, Skills and Powers).  The downside is alot of them get activated using key combos.  I can't tell you what a giant pain in the♥♥♥♥♥that is in the heat of battle.  For one thing there's like 8 different ones and I found myself fumbling and mashing my keyboard to death and many times just not getting the right combos to work.  Also I could'nt figure out any way to customize that part of it.  I feel lucky that I use the standard WSAD layout which is really the best one to use in conjunction with the key combos.  If you're a guy who uses the arrow keys to move around I promise you will have a very difficult time using the key combos.Also the game was too old school.  Too many boss types that take forever to take down and after awhile it gets old and boring.  You have the medium bosses  that are a bit of a drag and then the big bosses which will take a good 15+ minutes to take down.  Either way there is no weapon or style that takes down the medium bosses right away and absolutely nothing for the big bosses, you have no choice and have to do your time to get through it.  Due to the goofy key combos and high resilience of the the bosses I found it to be more of chore than a challenge, especially in hard mode which was how I played the game.All in all if it was fun and I do recommend it, however I have to say the fact that I paid a very reduced price for this game allowed for a better review.  Make sure to warm up your fingers, between the many boss fights and kooky key combos you may walk away with slight case of carpal tunnel syndrome."
,Recommended,233130,9817406,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,DzOniZz,"Awesome game if you like Serious Sam-ish games where lots of monsters are running at you and everything you shoot at explodes. Very fun gameplay, hilarious phrases, like ""You mess with the bull, you'll get the Wang"", good weapons and powers, which lets you kill monster however you want and be creative, i think I will play it again a few more times. Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,233130,13438645,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,[DD]Flatz,"This game is a nice successor to the first game.  The expanded powers took a bit to get used to, but I believe the graphics and gameplay are top notch!"
76561197977899761,Recommended,233130,13439186,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Nimryl,"One the best, if not thee best modern true classic FPS style games I've played in a loooong time. A lil' bit too easy on insane mode tho. Other than that.... 10/10!"
76561197978392852,Recommended,233130,13443033,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,MadBater,The sword play and boss fights made this a game worth playing through.
,Recommended,233130,13569046,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,League of Extrodinary Trolls,"Beaware don't kill Rabbits, Rabbits are your friend9.4/10"
76561198067897151,Recommended,233130,13572310,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Killerrush,-Lots of gore-Super HOT easter eggs-Lots of secrets-GORE-ULTRA FUN-Many combos-SO MANY SKILLS-I'VE GOT THE POWER!-GOOOOOOOOORE!-Great replayability-ENVIROMENTAL KILLS ROCK!10/10 This game helps you relax........oh yea........GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORE!
76561198168800649,Recommended,233130,13574694,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,joshrocky9,saw 2 rabbits ♥♥♥♥ing 11/10 great game
,Recommended,233130,13575858,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Scoots,"To be honest, Shadow Warrior is the most fun I've had with a FPS in a long time. It's a fast paced, witty/dumb wave based shooter. There is a lot of diversity with all of the different spells and guns you get throughout the game. The combat is very satisfying, and quick to the punch. The game plays like a mix of Bioshock, Painkiller, and Devil May Cry, a very interesting combination, and it actually works very well.It would also be important to note that this is a single player game only, there is no multiplayer. Personally, I don't mind this. Multiplayer in this game probably would have taken away development time away from the single player experince, and that would have been a shame, because it's great fun.Overall, I would highly recommend this game if you're looking for a fun, single-player FPS."
76561198094183087,Recommended,233130,13590535,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Creep,Feel to be a Ninja? Then BUY THIS GAME!!!!
,Recommended,233130,13591925,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,GENSEX,HA! COWABUNGA ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S!
76561198040323966,Recommended,233130,13592315,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Bierfest,just awsome
76561197968606478,Recommended,233130,13594916,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Zelotes,"There can be only Wang.A glorious gorefest for fans of fast-paced, stylized FPS games and puerile humour.More than once will you be gleefully cheering at your screen as you slice and dice your way through legions of demons with what can only be described as the best katana gameplay available today.One might argue that some of the firearms in your arsenal are somewhat dull, but nobody cares since you are probably wielding your sword and using its powers 90% of the time, anyway. Game length is good, enemy variety is decent, the levels are created with a lot of attention to detail and overall graphically the game is quite a looker. Sound design and ambient music are of great quality aswell, with a few very memorable tracks and fitting voice actors.The writing is pretty good and the story is surprisingly fleshed out for a game that is centered around dismembering demons. The corny one-liners the game throws at you are actually funny and more than once are you going to chuckle at the lines of a fortune cookie.If you liked movies likeKill Bill, games likePainkillerorSerious Samand have been longing for a game that does first-person swordplay right since the release ofDark Messiah of Might and Magic, then look no further."
76561198047774346,Recommended,233130,13595542,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Drima,able to slice demons in the gore-est way possible.. checkhard time to avoid♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants during dialogues.. checkkatanas.. checkinsta-buy!
,Recommended,233130,13596214,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,just ew,Got killed by an undead shadow bunny.10/10
,Recommended,233130,13575964,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,[K]ash*,"Have been some time since I enjoyed a ""Kill, Destroy and Kill, Destroy"" game, also called Beat 'em Up. Doom, Doom II, Duke Nukem 3d, HeXen, Heretic, Quake, Shadow Warrior classic.. Good times.As I said, I really enjoyed this game.10+ hours gameplay re-playable.Some Passive and Active abilities to choose from 4 skill trees.Great easter eggs and cool mentions to Shadow Warrior Classic. (Really, nice ones!)Fortune Cookies >.> You will know what I mean If you play it.Amazing Sound Effects and SoundTrack.Awesome Otimization (I played it on a Radeon HD 7870 @ Ultra, very smooth gameplay)Great graphics for those who love take screenshots of backgrounds.Even if Shadow Warrior is a Beat 'em Up isn't monotone at all, you will enjoy it.And.. RABBITS DOIN RABBITS THINGS.That's all. Enjoy the game."
,Recommended,233130,13577140,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,xDigital,Amazing game!!
,Recommended,233130,13577401,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,La lueur de la lune ♫,"I purchased this game when it was on sale a few days ago, I do not regret it at all. It is currently 75% off and its regular price was 44$. It felt rewarding brutally killing demons as Lo Wang. The game rewards players who search the levels for secrets(Usually interesting references to the original game and funny fortune cookie messages) You have a variety of weapons to choose from similar to the original, you have your sword, revolver, PDW, crossbow, flamethrower, rocket launcher, and much more. The story was pretty funny as well, I like how it does not take itself seriously and just focuses on humor and brutally massacring demons. The graphics are pretty good at ultra settings. The level design has its ups and downs but there are a few levels that look absolutely fantastic. Overall, I would say it is a great game and worth 44$ easily, so why not get it when it is 75% off?"
76561198078496314,Recommended,233130,13577719,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Tomorrow,Why use guns when you have a sword?
,Recommended,233130,13578084,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Auf Der Flucht,"""You mess with the bull, you get the Wang.""Get the Wang out.I guess Demons must not like Wang.Too much Wang for one game.Confucious say, ""Man who does not buy Shadow Warrior does not possess powerful Wang.""Solidly 9/10 for good gunplay, excellent swordplay, and good skill progression"
76561198071423994,Recommended,233130,13578165,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Yerong520,"I have mixed feeling about buying this game.On the one hand i'm glad i got so much fun for so little cash since i bought it on sale.On the other hand i feel bad guilty for not paying more, cause the game is frigging awesome!"
,Not Recommended,233130,13578372,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Zeus Strasburg,"Decent mechanics, but level design is horrendous."
76561198048079010,Recommended,233130,9562282,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,gary11236,This game is great! The sword and gun controls are pretty smooth and easy to use. The game ran perfectly on startup and I have had no problems at all with it running. The scenery is beautiful and pretty diverse. If you're looking for a deep story this might not be what you want but its one of the best action games i've played in a long time. I would highly reccomend Shadow Warrior to anyone but on sale you would b crazy to pass on it!
76561198012564698,Recommended,233130,9567279,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,LordyFlashheart,amazing game all i can say
,Recommended,233130,9596461,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,FookedonHonix,"This game is absolutely amazing! Love the Japanese visuals, the humor, gameplay, customization. Its all there."
,Recommended,233130,9600007,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,redmesh,"Old school shooter, very chaotic and bloody. I liked the original and I love this new gen version, this work had succes were Duke Nukem Forever sadly failed."
76561198030025340,Recommended,233130,9600837,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Guy Heaven,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's freaking hilarious and has fantastic gun-play. Definately worth the asking price of $40
,Recommended,233130,9638806,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,MetaphysicalMedley,"This game is pure visceral fun. The mechanics are extremely solid and work well with a keyboard and mouse (and by my last experience with a controller over 2 months ago, decent with a controller). The pure fun and power I've experienced during my playtime with the game coupled with the witty (and very cheesy in a good way) dialogue make this game a must buy in my opinion. It may have some issues such as slightly linear levels,(by that I mean there are ways to go other than the main path and secrets aplenty to discover, but there is only one real way to go to finish the level)  the gunplay isnt that satisfying when contrasted with the swordplay (BUT GOD THAT KATANA THO :'D), and I feel as if this game could really use mod support(if mods exists i'm unaware, sorry :P). That said the levels are still pretty good, the gunplay is still pretty satisfying (The sword is just soooo much better in my opinion), and the mod support is not there, but they give you content with this game for free and that to me makes up for it a little. Even after my few quarrels with this game, I still reccomend it from the bottom of my heart. At full price($39.99 as of the 26th of March, 2014) this game is well worth the amount of content you recieve with this game. Heres hoping for the mod support to make this game just that much better! :) HAVE FUN!"
76561198108333341,Recommended,233130,9248355,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,game_upper,"More than a remake of the classic, is the creation of a new classic. This is pure fun, in the ghunfight, in the swordfight and in the dialogues (like the IGN review said ""Lo Wang is a walking♥♥♥♥♥♥Joke"" and thats great for the game.)Is great, and very recomended!!!"
76561198043246437,Recommended,233130,9302336,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Sex Luthor & the Legion of Poon,"Too much Wang to handle in this brilliantly-executed FPS. The melee combat is superb, visceral, and brutal. The aesthetics are top-notch, and gorgeous. This is a brilliant take on the classic Shadow Warrior. The other weapons pale in comparison to how fluid the swordplay is in this game, yet they are still fun.This is hands-down my favorite game of 2013.Buy it.Love it.Get some Wang."
,Recommended,233130,9303188,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,yobbo,Best singleplayer shooter of 2013. Smooth swordplay. Lo Wang.
,Recommended,233130,9303833,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,AUSTINTACIOUS,One of my favourite FPS games in a long time! Love that they focused more on the single player campaign in this game. It's about time FPS games had good single player campaigns and this is one of them.
,Recommended,233130,7660711,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Darkwulf,"A really fun and fast paced fps, a sort of successor to the original Shadow Warrior. Bloody, violent, and sometimes goofy.. Pick it up if you can. It is very Painkiller-ish."
76561198046420842,Recommended,233130,9800159,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Jonny Ringo,Awesome!
76561198020561932,Recommended,233130,3308303,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,PQ Ravik,"Great Game, My favorite of the year."
,Recommended,233130,9373775,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Le_Flemard,"Hello and welcome on my review of Shadow WariorGraphicsThe graphics are fine, but nothing really inspiring. 11/20StoryThe story isn't bad but it's little cliché [10/20]GameplayI'm a pretty bad player in term of FPS and hack&slash, but for me it was just fine !Different combination give different strike or power and no need to know them all for only using your katanaEnemy in the air? katana. Enemy on ground ? katana, Difficult but standard ennemy ? katana !The only time when I had to use the guns (which are really basic) are to dispatch easily big enemies and mandatory used for boss.But the mechanics are used and reused. They present them to you at the start and quickly reused them after. If you want to go forward don't forget the keys or to destroy an altar. 11/20Principal Characters[h2]Lo Wang[/h2]Lo Wang is the character you incarnate during this adventure, sponsorised by his boss to retrieve a katana before the start of the game. He is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ egocentric and nerdy guy who have a brain of a thug.[h2]Hoji[/h2]He is a demon keeping his face hidden behind a mask,  more intelligent than Lo Wang, but an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like him. The pair keep chatting during the game, making fun of each other.[h2]Zilla[/h2]Lo Wang boss, archetype of the bad guy, he leave you to die when it's time to bail out.EnemiesThe enemies are really basic, ranged from the lesser demons to invulnerable rock beast (this last is one of the only challenging enemy of the game)Fun ?Shadow warrior is really fun, using your blade to slash throught horde of ennemy can be really addictif and you don't really see the time go. The dialogue keep you entertained throught the game and don't permit you to be lost.18/20OverallThis game is a good game to play after school, don't need to think, keep slashing !15/20"
76561198014832261,Recommended,233130,7992745,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Tenevik,"Ok, this one is very interesting ""first person combat"" game and i am very sad that in the youth i have not played the original one. Did you noticed that i called this game a ""first person combat"" and not FPS? This is because it is not a shooter in its full potential, you do have many guns and you do carry them all and you can switch in the middle of a fight into any of them (If you found them earlier in the game of course) but, you have a lot of enemies and ammo for those guns will run out very fast. And all your money you will collect through the game you will want to spend on the gun upgrades and not on the ammo for em. So what to do when you have all the guns and no ammo? Get your katana and start to slice/hack through ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s like a meat grinder! :DIn this game you have a very strong melee combat mixed with 4 dark power abilities (i found only 3 of them is usefull, the protection one i think in there is just for the choice variations). And, at least on the hard mode, you will be forced to use the katana all the time. Do not worry, it is very fun. The controls and combinations are very responsive.Good looking game, old school humor, nice music and pretty intriguing story line. A LOT of secrets and most of them are pretty hard to find so you will spend a lot of time trying to run around and discover all the secrets. Minor bugs and sometimes  got my game crashed so my advice, use quick saves all the time. Do not worry about it, got only 2-3 crashes through entire game so its not so big of a deal.What i found tidiouse is 2 things. First, Boss fights are pretty boring and repetative. Shoot glowing weak points, run, shoot again. Repeat. most of the Boss fights took me 10-15 mins on the hard mode to finish with all the same sequence. Boring.Second, some of the monsters were given an enormouse HP bar and because of that the fight with them turning into the Boss like combat. Same boredom.The game took from me about 20 hrs playtime on the hard mode with about 70% secrets discovered.Later on i have tryed the EX-mode on Insane difficulty (Didnt want to spend more time on the upgrades for  powers and guns all over again) and what i can tell you now. Do not play Insane mode :D It is not hard, it is just unbalanced and very boring. All the monsters on the Insane difficulty only have their health double/triple increased that just stratching the fights with them for a looong time. Not fun. I remember one fight with 2 Major monsters on the round like arena room. It took me about 45 minutes to kill them (notice! they are not Boss monsters! just an elite ones) and trust me,later i tryed all the tactics and guns on them just to test the DPS and see if they can be brought down faster. They can not, they just very fat and that is it. And now think about Insane Boss fights. Same repetative tactics as before just now the weak points a little smaller and Boss is much more healthy. Thats it. Got almost untill the end of the game (I was drunk and had nothing to do :D ) on the Insane difficulty, got bored. Switched off the game. The End.Short story: pretty good game that worth its money even without a discount. Will give you many hours of fun."
,Recommended,233130,9328545,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,[MLKM] Shrike,"This is what a remake should be.  It takes the best from the original without ignoring the places where the original fell flat or has aged poorly, and makes everything better.  Fast-paced combat, including the most superb melee combat in a first-person game so far, and satisfying battles that leave you feeling accomplished at the end without getting frustrating.  Mixed into this twitch shooter is an epic story with themes as old as (if not older than) humanity tucked quietly in the corners, and a truly moving ending.  If I could recommend this game twice, I would."
,Recommended,233130,10923018,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Pawz2142,A hilarious game that doesn't take it's self seriously. Kind of a mix between a hack and slash and fps with rpg elements. You will not regret getting this game.
76561197962039205,Recommended,233130,10923218,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DanK,"Doom, Duke Nukem, Serious Sam...they have all been remade into modern games; and have fallen short (some drastically) to my expectations. Shadow Warrior, however, was done well. Lo Wang is personable an unlike Duke and Sam, his voice and dialog are not painful to listen to. It has a nice challange ramp with mostly fun moves and mostly interesting, well balanced weapons. If you are looking for a classic fps and it is on sale, Shadow Warrior is worth the buy, though the replay value is minimal, as with most fps genre games. 8/10."
76561198118000256,Recommended,233130,10925338,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Tuminok,amazing game really loved the wit of the characters and secrets hiding places!
,Recommended,233130,10925924,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Rosh,"One of the best PC first person shooters i've played. The combat is extremely satisfying, the weapons/skills scale amazing and even the story is great. Play it."
76561197966641083,Recommended,233130,9632661,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,InvaderSav,Thanks to this game I too am now a katana enthusiast!
,Recommended,233130,9632663,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Teaddy,Buy it! You'll love it. Good story and graphics are awesome.
76561198035759596,Recommended,233130,9836699,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,trackur,"I just recently beat this game and it took 24 hours to complete on Normal while runngin around trying to find all of the secrets and really imersing myself in the game. This game is easy to imerse yourself in because it is such an awesome game! I saw it in the bargain bin and grabbed it based on reviews and MAN was that a good decision.Word of advice, you dont need the $12 version with the added items, all it does is change the graphic of your sword to an axe or a baseball bat, but it doesnt change the animation so you end up slicing people to bits with a baseball bat. And who wants a bat anyway? YOU HAVE A SWORD!I Recommend this game to you, if you are reading reviews to decide if you should buy it then stop reading and start installing it."
,Recommended,233130,9836862,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Hindesite,"A new-school shooter with old-school sensibilities that doesn't mind shamlessly paying homage to it's roots in the name of fan service throughout the entire experience. I picked up this gem and felt like I got way more then I paid for. There's a lot of attention to detail put into this snarky little blood bath of an FPS and it shows.Do yourself a favor a try it. Chances are, if you go in with an open mind, you're going to have a good time. This game is not only a must play for Shadow Warrior fans (a small group) but also for fans of old-school shooters period. (a much larger group of people)"
,Recommended,233130,9839126,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Tjallings,A great FPS splatter game. Highly recommended if you want to kill some time.
,Recommended,233130,9843072,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Jay Swag Don,"Just buy the goddamn game already, you seriously, seriously will not regret ityou will be thanking mewhy are you waitng?just buy it!now!do it.stop waiting or fiddling with yourselfbuy ityou will love me afterwards."
,Recommended,233130,7611546,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Brevi,An oldschool FPS game with A+ Katana melee combat and hilarious one liners from one of the most badass heros you will ever see.
,Recommended,233130,9606844,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,BigMonkeyBrother,"Shadow Warrior is an old school 90s-style shooter that is a spiritual successor to the 90s FPS of the same name, only with modern graphics and sound, RPG-style upgrades and effects.  The original Shadow Warrior used the same ""Build"" engine as Duke Nukem and was released in 1997.  I haven't been able to stop playing this game since I got it.  Features include smart♥♥♥♥♥protagonists, over the top violence, numerous enemies, and large maps with SECRETS.  Yes, exploring is encouraged in an FPS once again!  The maps include power ups, money, weapons, and secret rooms and areas - very old school and awesome.  Each level is linear but not in a CoD way, since you need to find keys and switches to access different parts of each level, requiring backtracking - yes, that 90s FPS trope, BACKTRACKING.  It's not overdone and never boring, however.  You have upgradable guns, skills and powers - including a kitana sword (my personal favorite) - and you'll need them all to fight the hoardes of baddies and the BOSSES.  Bosses!  No regenerating health in this game, though, so you'll have to look for ammo and health packs, but I haven't been at a loss for either outside of big boss battles (I'm at level 8 of the game).  I got it on sale for $9.99 which is a steal - this modernized Shadow Warrior is highly recommended!"
76561197981495463,Recommended,233130,9609051,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,ABC987,Fast paced fun oldschool FPS with lots of secret areas. Satisfying gunplay but you also have a sword with which you can do a lot of damage. I never played the original and even without the nostalgia factor I had a very good time playing this game through.
,Recommended,233130,438529,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,mAC-bIG,I must be around 60% of finishing the game. If you like your games fun and violent it's a good match :)Oldschool-ish FPS ...checkKatana ......checkFlamethrower .......checkDual wield SMG  ...checkB movie scenario  involving mass of demons to slaughter   ....checkFunny one liners ...check
,Recommended,233130,9082317,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,CalamityKiwi,"I loved the classic Shadow warrior, which is what led me into buying this and let me tell you its many times better (par the nostalgia score of the classic) The Script in this game is amazing, the mix of comedy and villance is a great mix, (My favourite line being ""watch the bleeding, I just got this suite dry cleaned"")I also love the story and gameplay, Yes it is pretty linear but sometimes linear is the best, It tells a story like your playing an anmie film which i thinks a great thing. The gameplay is probally the best thing about this game, I love the hack and slash bases of the katana when having to take on large swarms of enemys (I could probally do that all day xD), however shooting them is just as fun xD, as depending where the bullet hits can lead to gory decaptions, and blowing body parts of. I would of however liked to see large choice of weapoons through the game and a few more upgrades and powers to be availabe."
76561197961860877,Recommended,233130,7571742,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Supreme Reagan,A must buy.
,Recommended,233130,9188341,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,AleK,"Really fun game if you don't try and pretend it's a sequel/prequel or in any way related to the first game. It does it entirely differently, which I and a lot of people didn't like, but it is seriously fun.The graphics are amazingly good but also not too taxing, the gunplay is exceptional, especially later on when you get more interesting guns and starts getting particularly interesting after you get the shotgun. The weapons can be upgraded in a fairly linear manner but the fully upgraded version is most definitely a lot better than the plain gun, and it also looks different too, instead of just being a statistical upgrade with no visual difference. There are also other upgrades which improve your combat with the sword and just your general combat effectiveness, and healing abilities, which can be overpowered early on in the game.I didn't like the linearity of the game, however. It used to be a giant labyrinth of keycards and danger. Now it's just a story driven linear shooter, though a fun one at least. You can divert from the path and go exploring, though not much, sort of Crysis 2 level of exploration, but it is very easy to get lost if you don't know what you're doing.Overall, I recommend it if you're not a big fan of the original and were expecting it to be more of the same. If you are though, you won't get the same so if you wanted more of the same, this is not the game for you."
,Recommended,233130,8438251,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Gorlomi!,"yep, good game"
,Recommended,233130,8439202,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,bakatamas,This was a really amazing game. Classic shooter gameplay with up to date graphics and a lot of fun...
76561198046342162,Recommended,233130,8439350,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Staggard,"This game is outstanding! You buy now yes? I will no longer be able to play FPS without swords, guns, and powers because this game got it so right. I'm about to play it again on the hardest difficulty just because I felt so boss with the unlocked abilities and the fluent controls...I never do that. This would be perfect for multiplayer with the ki shields, projectiles, super sprint, and swords. Modders hook it up!"
76561197978367331,Recommended,233130,8886728,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Jimbo,This is a well don fps/rpg. It is alot of fun!
,Recommended,233130,8888899,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,W_,"Such a good game! Practically everything is well polished; combat is intuitive and fun, the achievements highlight exactly the right things (with floating text in-game in combat for progress), level design is excellent, with bonus hidden secrets that are /very/ challenging, interesting mini-bosses (the actual bosses being more ordinary - but still well done) that you have to carefully puzzle out how to best defeat, including - again - well designed arenas to fight them in, with the levels themselves adding to the variety. Playing through this on hard (and it really is hard on that setting, expect to die and have to reload a couple of times for each of the harder fights) it had over twenty hours of gameplay in it, none of it dull. The game would be worth the money for a third of that. The voice acting is beyond awesome - the game doesn't take itself too seriously, and some of the humour is /very/ cheesy, with the main two characters trading banter in a very forced ""I must make some kind of joke back"" dialog, which could have been grating or cringeworthy if not for the actors doing such a good job of the delivery. It properly feels like it's the characters that make poor puns and jokes, when it could easily have felt like just poor writing.If there's anything detracting from the game, it's the story. It's interesting, but given that it serves no purpose to the gameplay (the game itself is linear, you never have a choice about any actions relevant to the story) it doesn't need to go anywhere, and it seems that has influenced its writing, leading to a story with unfulfilled potential and ultimately uninspiring characters beyond the protagonist."
76561197981175705,Recommended,233130,8891318,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Femto,"Shadow Warrior is honestly one of the best PC games to come out in a decade!Pro:-A lenghty story mode with a varied location set ranging from japanese gardens to hi-tech mountain bunkers, underground caves and evil cemeteries. A LOT of places to see-All of those places look really good! The graphics are definitely one of the strong parts of this game. Detailed textures, really really awesome lightning effects, destructible environments, etc. The game is a looker.-An awesome combat mechinic! You'll be spending 90% of your time in combat and it is very well done. There's a nice variety in firearms, each of the weapon has alternate fire-mode's, they're all upgradable as well.-One of the best melee combat systems in FPS to date! It is simple, there are not a lot of special moves, but there is enough to make the combat varied, the different enemie types call for different approaches, and it is a joy slicing enemies to pieces with your katana... It really is!-Old school level design. Which means: hidden secrets on every lvl encouraging exploration; a lot of open areas and very little ""script tunnels"" to which we are used to by now; cutscenes don't happen every 5 minutes;-Some nice humour. It is dumb humour, but considering the overall light-headed mood of the game, it can remind of you of the sense of humour in games like ""Serious Sam"" and films like ""Machete""Con:-Occasional backtracking. Old school lvl design comes with a price. Nothing too severe though, it is just there, and some people may not like that.-Human enemies are not as fun and interesting to fight as Demons. Thankfully there are not a lot of encounters with human enemies in the game.-The overall animation quality is average or slightly above average in some cases. Enemy dodging-roll looks especially awkward. But when you get attacked by 30 monsters at once you won't really notice this.Overall: one of the most pleasent gaming surprises I've had in years, I wasn't even aware of this game prior to it's release, and I can safely say - it's one of the best purchases I've made in my gaming history, I absolutely recommend it to all people who are looking for some old-school action PC games, with some really solid gaming mechanics and with a lot of originality."
,Recommended,233130,8833083,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Follower,"This is a great game.It's tons of hack 'n slash goodness. It took me about 18 hours to complete, so it's not a short game at all.Lots of wang jokes :-PA+"
,Recommended,233130,8833086,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,pTg389,"I didn't have high expectations, but this game was actually a LOT of fun. The plot was well-done, although your character can be outrageously masculine (surprise?) he's got enough humor to make it work. The game is packed with references (HHGTTG, Monty Python, 80's and 90's movies, etc) and there's some exploration elements between the stage fights. There's enough of an RPG element to level the skills you want to suit your playstyle and only a few fights where I wanted to ragequit (charging weak-spot-on-their-back demon thingies, usually).I sank about twelve hours into it and wouldn't mind playing through again just focusing on finding secrets, etc. Maybe wait for a sale, but a good game IMO."
76561198037796817,Recommended,233130,8837264,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Singletree,"In your face old school combat with a modern flair.  Swords, firearms, powers and skills.  All with upgrades that make a difference.  Hordes of enimies to slaughter to your hearts content, or even slaughter them with an enemy heart.  All wrapped up in a slick presentation and sealed with an overdose of crude yet witty humor.  What more could you possibly want... yet there is more like secrets to find and collectible fortune cookies.  The fortunes are hilarious with such gems as ""Baseball go it wrong.  Man with four balls can't walk"".Warning: Do not attempt to play this game with a controller.  I did and regretted it.  Powers are triggered by double-tapping the movement direction, which is quite problematic with an anolog controller stick.  It was as if the game was telling me ""Why you try to play old-school with lame♥♥♥♥♥360 contoller"".  So I switched to keyboard/mouse and the control scheme works awesome.Shadow Warrior puts the FU back in FUN.  Don't miss out."
,Recommended,233130,8580072,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Savage,This game is amazing!!! I got this game during the 2013 Holiday sale!!! Shadow Warrior = 5 ninja stars out of 5!!!
,Recommended,233130,8580929,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Rory,"This game is so damn good. Challenging and entertaining, with very few of the tropes associated with modern shooters. Very much an homage to the classic shooters of the '90s.Get it. Love it. You will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,233130,8581365,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Cratchit,"This is a great FPS, with some novel gesture-like controls.  The final boss battle is more than a little frustrating, but all in all, a very good game."
,Recommended,233130,8584390,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Amanda O'Neill,really awesome game. really bloody which makes it awesome. also kind of follows a bit of japanese mythology.my score 8/10
,Recommended,233130,9289127,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,the_stardogg_champion,"very nice (not retro, but old-school) FPS with a SERIOUS melee model unlike most other games. Your katana will be your best pal, your skills with this weapon should decide your fate within the... nah. It's just tons of fun to unleash the hoayoooh! on your enemies and send their limbs flying. The special attack combos for the sword are also HIGHLY recommended to learn.I enjoyed my stay in the Wang's shoes.If you are looking for some flash from the good ol' days, go for this. I liked it so much better than let's say Rise of the Triads (2013) which feels just dated and badly aged."
,Recommended,233130,9289244,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,RED FOGSX,"Since N-64 times didn´t saw such a good fps game. The new combined with the old school.Beautiful japanese environment.Not too short. Good graphic.Lot´s of upgradable weapons.Without the bossfights you can almost kill everything with the sword.The story plays before the 1997 Shadow Warrior and was pretty cool.It´s also work on big picture mode with the 360 controller. Really convenient for the combos.And for the weapons you have an auto-aim for makes it easier to target with controller, when use it.And on my Plasma TV it looks a lot better and it´s already looks good on the LED screen."
,Recommended,233130,9291920,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,jjnet123,Hack and slash your way through hordes of enemies 10/10
,Recommended,233130,7323583,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,OOPMan,"Awesome game, well worth the purchase!"
76561198051115110,Recommended,233130,9089974,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Exploccento,"So many feelings  where felt in all the progress in-game... EPIC music, lovely puns and... LO WANG! not to mention blood is everywhere with your incredible Katana just waiting to taste demon guts."
76561198043356212,Recommended,233130,9301444,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Dux,"""Mess with the bull and you get the WANG"" says it all. All new one-liners is just one of many great things in the greatly underrated reboot of Shadow Warrior. Although its a little expensive for an indie title there is so much to this game that you wouldnt get from other indie games."
,Recommended,233130,9336669,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,freehotdawgs,Pretty awesome game that captures old school first person shooting yet adds a new flare to it. Looks really good in 3d so if you have the setup it's worth checking out. Definitely recommend grabbing this one.
76561198086978331,Recommended,233130,9336719,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Hunglikeplanetpluto,Funniest game of 2013. you will put♥♥♥♥♥in mass murder
,Recommended,233130,9337072,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Neurotoxsin,"This is a solid well-polished first person shooter.  The graphics are respectable, the story-line is somewhat captivating, and the violence is nice and visceral.  Its fun to hop on and play this for an hour or so and then move on with your day.  Its a very satisfying game - I personally enjoyed spending the extra time each level to try and locate the secret rooms.  It kind of reminds me of the FPS games of old where you were rewarded for taking your time and being curious.I could have gone for a little more in the way of weapons but the samurai sword and its delicious effects more than made up for the lack of other weapons."
,Recommended,233130,9225132,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,ognemuh,Casual but still good !
,Recommended,233130,9204767,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,ScytaleZero,This game is a great blend of old and new school with an interesting atypical story.  The gameplay is malicious fun all the way to the end.  There are lots of little humorous details.  I really enjoyed it.
,Recommended,233130,9208210,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,ThaleSakano <myd00m>,"Não tenho nem o que falar, quem jogou o primeiro shadow warrior vai pirar com este novo, o sistema de combate de espadas ficou show de bola, os desmembramentos e o sangue jorrando ao cortar um demônio ao meio não têm preço, as armas já são fodas e com os upgrades se tornam fodásticas, os inimigos que não param de vir em hordas, os boss e semi boss colossais, a história vai te prendendo conforme você avança no jogo, apesar de curto gostei muito de ambos jogabilidade e história.Recomendo a quem estiver interessado, tem legendas em português, é bem divertido e humorado estilo a ""la duke nukem"", e tem uma história bem legal!"
,Recommended,233130,17891248,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,patt2129,great game cant wait for shadow warrior 2
,Recommended,233130,17878352,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Lost Gremlin,"Good first-person swordfighting action! Weapons are interesting too. The non-sword powers are cool as well but I didn't use them that much, except for the healing; they're often too much of a bother for too little gain.I played through the game with a controller on hard mode. It was quite doable except for a few frustrating encounters, especially the tram ride. There were also some places filled with Mothers and exploding balls that dash towards you, which annoyed me as they cramped my sword-fighting style. Berserkers were also tough until I got the hang of sidestepping their charge so they crash into walls.I didn't like the boss fights that much, as you can't use your sword and they are repetitive. Fortunately there are just a few of them.Upgrading your sword is dictated by the story, so don't hold on to your money for that.I didn't bother upgrading the revolver as I didn't use it much.I found the PDW quite useful, especially against bosses and flying demons.The crossbow was very handy, especially with explosions. Didn't use it much after I got the flamethrower though.The shotgun is fun and brutal. Very handy for a massive close-range wallop once in a while.I quite enjoyed the frame thrower. Let them burn! Its bombs are quite good at dealing with crowds.While the rocket launcher is formidable, I found it slow and cumbersome. I used it to take down big demons at the start of a fight, before smaller demons would swarm me.Demon hearts offer a quick way to get rid of a troll, but not much else. The demon heads that Warlords drop are quite handy for taking down the next Warlord though."
76561198043627942,Recommended,233130,17878600,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Nub-spotting Nub,"Summarily : Excellent game - dont miss it on sale and even worth more than that  I think - I predict coming back to this, if not continuing  a little more.All in all  I really enjoyed this , its really good fun cutting up hordes with the swords, not complicated but not too simple 'street fighter' kind of dynamic, SW :Jedi Knight is the next  step.  However, Jedi Knight' s gun play was pretty boring, the gun play on here is alright, it was not as fun as the sword, but with the upgrades, they did present a decent amount of entertainment...  Afterall this is an FPS...The art style was pretty good, given I  enjoy the Japanese feudalist samurai era stuff  and so this game has taken it and connected it up to many modern aspects and then chucked in various dream like landscapes into the mix too, which is pretty cool.The sound is good, though Lo Wang going on when he gets hit, like a ♥♥♥♥♥ does become grating... but I suppose you should be punished for taking damage dont you...  At times it can still be quite funny in a simple kind of way, like Jackass..Although at times the narratation and the odd remarks are funny, they are not sophisticated and clever at all... Lo Wang, just like annother game I could compare this with (as its on the publisher's list) Serious Sam, where the one liners just keep coming.  Obviously aiming at an Arnie kind of action hero...The Cinematic Music is not bad, but forgettable, However, the battle score or tenston music which involves Tribal/Japnese Percussion ensembles are amazing, and really do make it easy to slip into the fray of cutting, sheathing and enduring massive slaughter! Really good stuff(for me at least)!The game, like many others, was moderately easy and I finished this on hard, however, with a power like *heal* I guessit is any wonder why...   Don't get me wrong, there is plenty of potential to die, and some combinations really do have the potential to kill you often, or at least give you a challenge, I remember one such , near the end with 2 Really nasty big things teamed with some 'Mothers', Really horrible combination of creatures... Combat is quite satisfying, but after a while, it can seem exhasting proabably becuase it does have a sense of being challenging, , but is till very satisfying in all.  Even with the healing ability, I will commend them for making this not too easy, but hard enough for an enjoyable and rewarding play through for anyone.Level design wasn't bad , lots of environments, however, the game generally is geared towards the old school dynamic of going here, destroy this, go there, kill that , kill blah.. this can contribute to the exhastion ...  Though some scenarios can be a good challenge.  They do put in some secrets, and some weird things in that are really great to see in game and add to the fun;  this definately adds to the charm of this game in spades.  Though many are secrets whilst others are fairly passer by kind of 'action'...Its always nice to have upgrades, but there is so much to upgrade, in 3 different systems, that genreally focus on rpg style expereince or 'Karma' , money and special pick ups called crystals.  This was a great part of the game.  And also contributed to rewarding and making the game more enjoyable and working towards a changing character.However, if there is one thing I would point out that is bad about this one, is that it doesn't seem that greatly optimisted... For instance when I compare a game like Dishonoured, whcih is so beautifuly optimised and flows perfectly ... this chugs like a ♥♥♥♥♥!... at times its fine and it flows moderately well, but there are areas where frame rate drops horrifically... My compter is old, but there is often good support , such as Dishounoured being a good example (and I can run most 'recent'), and I would have hoped this ran a bit better... Dont get me wrong though, it still runs and as long as your not playing with a pentium 4, it you will get a farily good experience."
,Not Recommended,233130,17883271,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Fat Old Jerk,meh
76561197996668561,Recommended,233130,17882757,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,xedemx,"Old 2.5 3D Lo Wang approves :). Lives up to the original, but even if you did not play the old one this game is great. Not too common constellation ;)."
76561197965543016,Recommended,233130,17783428,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Scout,"Quite simply, fun.  Huge bang for the buck.  I even replayed once with all the guns, powers and upgrades after my first time through.  I haven't felt like I got this great a value on a game in ages.  Maybe since I picked up terraria.  You will not regret."
,Recommended,233130,17805616,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,antobertu,"I just love this♥♥♥♥♥♥Absolutely positive.I played it for many hours but it didn't count me them... maybe cause I was playing offline.PROSawesome graphicsthere'e a nice storyit's really funnymany ways to killmany skills and upgradesbeautiful, detailed and (almost) fully destructible environmentsmany ""stuffs"" and easter eggs to discoverlot of settings (to play it on old computers also)CONSI found a few bugsbattles are often repetitives, unnerving and exhaustingfew kinds of ""monsters"" to kill"
,Recommended,233130,17789080,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Moon Moon,"Honestly, it's a fun hack n' slash for the price when it's on sale. The physics are a little off, but the quirky humor and general gameplay is fun."
,Recommended,233130,17797808,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Crowquill Symphony,"It's fun is probably one of the main things I can say about it; it's a really fun game, full of guts and gore. You can use guns to blast your enemies to bits or chop them apart with the sword, and in regards to the sword I was actually a little surprised by how much I ended up using it. I think a good chunk of that came from the skills and powers that can be learned through the game, abilities that can make enemies easy pickings or keep you alive when they bring the hurt on you.Moving on from that, I enjoyed the character of Lo Wang and his partner in crime Hoji. The back and forth was hilarious, and the serious moments between the two kept me hooked in the story. They're interesting, and by the end of the gameI was seriously heartbroken when I saw how far they were willing to go to help one another, no matter the cost to themselves.On that note, I loved the story; at its most barebones, it's the timeless plot of ""get super-sword (The Nobitsura Kage) and kill big bad."" Getting in depth, however, it becomes obvious that there's more to the story,including the power struggle of the immortals and Hoji's place in their conflict,andhis part in the barren and desolate state of their world.Overall though, there's almost a sense that the events of the game are even grander than Lo Wang himself, and that he (and by extension, you) have simply gotten caught up in the chaos and confusion of the struggles of beings far greater than yourself.Overall, I like this game. I will say that the levels did get a bit long and confusing at points, but everything else in the game worked well for me, and I enjoyed playing it immensely."
76561198080158543,Recommended,233130,17803077,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,neosatan,"I played the game and I have mixed feelings about it. I didn't play the original, so it was first encounter for me with this one.  When I first launched it, I didn't expect much of it. Maybe two evening of moderate fun.  I was given more. Basic game is ~10 hours of play.Thus, game is not perfect. After couple chapters enemies are repeating till the very end. Boss fights are pretty much the same (cudos for big♥♥♥♥♥boses). Skill system is there, but it's not really that needed. Sword figths are nice, but no way to block.Even, with all mentioned above, it's fun to play this game. So grab it and have to fun with really cheesy jokes and may the Wang be with you."
,Recommended,233130,17802470,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Athellar,"If you expected a reboot of the first Shadow Warrior, you'll be sorely disappointed. While this game has the ambition to be a prequel to the original, it's different in every conceivable way. The original was a free-roam shooter where you had to find the next door, and the levels felt natural and believable. The new one is awfully linear, and has nothing from the openness of the original. It also feels different, and Lo Wang is a completely different person (at the beginning, at least). Despite all that, I say this game is immensely fun, and definitely worth it. Yeah, and I forgot that the Katana is the best weapon ever."
76561198202684479,Recommended,233130,17628125,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,manglor74,Swords Guns Smartass Humor What More Could You Want Everybody Have Fun Tonight Everybody Wang Chung Tonight 9/10
,Recommended,233130,17631598,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Soviet,Whoa action packed 80's movie.100% awesome and fun.BUY IT!
,Recommended,233130,17562637,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,CodeName54,"Ninja swords, quad barreled shotguns, and much MUCH more...NEED I SAY MOREActually yes, they game is flawed in alot of ways but on sale is totaly worth it. Its not a hardcore old school shooter like it trys to say but it is still a decent modern shooter worth the time for fans of the genera."
76561198150346357,Recommended,233130,17637060,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Mi Nam♡IU,Get it. Play it. Love it.
76561198116514055,Recommended,233130,17510091,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,FtheRadscorpions,"Well, with the sequel coming out, most of you will probably skip this and just wait for that. NO! This is a game that you can NOT miss. If you enjoy things such as insanely satisfying melee, equally satisfying and responsive gunplay, copious amounts of blood and dismemberment, and writing that has you in stitches, then you probably already have this game. But if you don't, you absolutely mustn't miss it. WARNING: May caus elong-term health problems due to rage,  because it's so frustratinmg that you want to claw your own eyes out. You can be forced into dealing with multiple Berserkers (whichj are only vulnerable from behind, and charge around like bulls, not to mention the insanely high health) at once, while grunts are suicide-bombing you, which takes away a ridiculous chunk of Health. If you get this game, which you absolutely should, buy a gallon jar of Aspirin, because you'll need it. But in my opinion, the real highlight of the game is the boss battle with Zilla in Chapter 16. It's one of the best sword fights you can get on thisa platform. In fact, the only game I've ever played that did a swordfighting boss better is Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance. What can I say, Zilla is an amazing battle. I recommend you play ""The Only Thing I Know For Real"", or ""It Has To Be This Way"" in the background during that fight. Game of the Year 2013."
76561197994645441,Not Recommended,233130,17744950,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Dinov,"I cant play the game, keep getting an error ""can not create profile"" i want a refund."
76561197980864252,Not Recommended,233130,17750616,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,DreadPirate,"This is a pretty fun game but it has some terrible design flaws that make it feel about 20 years behind the time.If you are going to hide things all over a level at the very least you should warn players when they are leaving a level.You should also allow the player to know if they have found all the hidden stuff without having to finish the level and get a score screen.These basics really detract from the game which is otherwise pretty fun.If it were not for this game guidehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=181585906I would probably have quit this all together instead of just for the night. The ""secrets"" are not so much secrets as more or less required side content as they give you the majority of money and XP you need to ""level"" up. Getting to the end and missing some will negatively impact the rest of your play through. I am very glad I did not pay 2015 prices for early 90s game design."
,Recommended,233130,17638339,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Frosh,This game is awesome.Some highlights:*Fantastic combat*Interesting story*Genuinely funny comedy*Good variety of environments*Challenging boss fights*Rabbit sex*Demon rabbits*EverythingTotally worth a buy.
76561198072798873,Recommended,233130,17642243,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,BrewstiesArmy,This is a good game would recommend
,Recommended,233130,13523678,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,minus 1 that's 3 quick maths,I killed a bunny then it turned into a demon which tried to kill me while metal music was blaring in the background.10/10
76561198037670985,Recommended,233130,13524115,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,DodgeyJay,"Really worth it, good comedy, good action and just overall a good game, well worth it if you're into old school style shooters. Support this type of game or it'll die out!"
76561197962198904,Recommended,233130,13524224,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Teiresias,Pretty fun if you like old-school style fps'
76561197990106569,Recommended,233130,13524297,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Ottis,Absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Lots of fun for this kind of money? A must buy.
76561198043995121,Recommended,233130,13524484,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Dun204,"This game is amazing. Great jokes, crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥going on, excessive explosions, and bunny ♥♥♥♥ing! the gameplay makes you feel like a god yet still provides a sufficant challenge. the only gripe i have is some of the level design is confusing as ♥♥♥♥ to navigate. Overall great game, 9/10 would recomend."
,Recommended,233130,13524715,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Leeko,"This game never ceases to be gleeful. It's the perfect marriage of the old run-n-gun Doom-style shooter that doesn't really take itself seriously with the modern story-driven FPS. It takes all the best elements of both and the result is something that's fast and fun like so few games are today with a contemporary weapon/ability upgrade system and a surprisingly intriguing story. This is pretty much the only game I've ever played with satisfying first-person sword combat. The physics of slicing demons into bits makes for endless fun, and the game is actually well-balanced enough that the sword stays useful the whole game. The gameplay might be somewhat simplistic, as it does harken back to the earliest shooters of yore, but this game has a heart of gold."
,Recommended,233130,13524992,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Fiery?,chopped demons into pieces with a legendary katana 9/10
,Recommended,233130,8235686,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,λdventSeveN,"I got a fortune cookie that said ""Your mom says hi."" How cool is that?"
,Recommended,233130,13481960,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Duke Silver,">Be me>See two bunnies ""bumping fuzz"">Walk up and hit'em with katana>They explode>Blood everywhere>Heavy Metal starts playing and an evil black bunny spawns from the shadow relm>Evil black bunny proceeds to maul me to death>Manage to survive and kill it>69/10 would watch bunny porn again"
,Recommended,233130,13484354,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,burningmiles -ARF-,"Great game if you like the gameplay as bulletstorm and like sticky bom but bit blend with bit more aracade,  I had tons of fun,no lags or bugs. And the option for creating your shadow warrior go BANG BANG is really cool to do. Its got tons of unlocks and ramp up the diffculty to keep you busy.Pointers:Yeas...gameplay and gameplay....plays like a rollercoasterRPG elementsGreat gunplayNostalgia and great refference to Shadow warriorGreat look and feelCheers"
76561197985441427,Recommended,233130,13486061,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Malicky,Who wants some Wang ? Cowanbanga!
,Recommended,233130,8725207,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,z1ggy,GOTY 2013NOTHING STOPS THIS TRAIN
76561198037459548,Recommended,233130,13505481,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,vinegar,10/10 would katana again.
,Recommended,233130,13505926,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Jacobinus,"This isn't a remake in my opinion.. this is a prequel.. with fantastic commentary, hilarious ""Narration"" and of course.. ""Who wants some Wang?""....  Lo Wang is as witty as ever.."
,Recommended,233130,13506272,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,kaimera,"Awesomeness.A katana, demons and slicey dicey = oodles of fun and satisfying gameplay.Can be mildly overwhelming at times during onslaughts, and trying to keep 1080/60 means a bit of tweaking at times (i7-4930 & a 780GTX), but much fun!At the sale price, just buy it. Cheaper than a pint."
,Recommended,233130,13507120,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Fuse,"Great graphics with solid performance, great enemy and level design, fun and fast-paced gameplay, good variety of weapons that are a blast to use (especially the katana, one of the best melee weapons I've ever used in a game), enjoyable progression, and well-written humor that is very rare in our politically correct society. This is one of the best single-player shooters in a long time. I've played nearly six hours, and I have yet to run in to any memorable frustrations or complaints. I can't recall the last game I could say that about.This game is easy to overlook for people who didn't play the original, but it definitely does justice to the name. If you're a fan of games like Duke Nukem or Serious Sam then you owe it to yourself to give this game a try.""Having sex is like playing bridge:If you dont have a good partner,You better have a good hand!"""
,Recommended,233130,13507582,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,bunn3hh4x,Much like the original in humor and gore. I haven't had the chance to finish the game fully but I enjoyed the trip down memory lane as much as I did playing this new version with pretty graphics. Love the fortune cookies!
76561198032011709,Recommended,233130,13509531,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,digital_peer,Everyone should have this game. no exceptions.
,Recommended,233130,13509541,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,M4rt1nV,"Stabbed everything with a sword and my sharp oneliners, Great game."
,Recommended,233130,13510253,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Shiroyasha,There can be only Wang.
76561198099156178,Recommended,233130,17574583,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,LUKE.EXE,"The game only cost me £2.99 absoulate steal at that price, excellent game."
,Recommended,233130,17574606,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Tarbabieus Porchape,"Amazing game. Very well done. A great remake for anyone who enjoyed the original Shadow Warrior way back in 1997. The addition of skills, powers, and upgradable weapons works well,  and gives the game quite alot of replay value. There needs to me more classic style shooters of this quality. I very much miss hordes of enemies coming at me with no cover system. Gamers these days, gotta have a cover system in their shooters.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I have only one complaint. They toned down the humor and sex, making for some dry humor. Game rarely made me laugh as much as the original. I want my offensive, racist, and sexist Lo Wang back. It was the personality of the characters of these classic 3DRealms games that made them so memorable for me. I played Duke3D and Shadow Warrior for years, made maps, RTS files. Remember RTS files? I hope those make a return in Shadow Warrior 2 with it's 4 player coop.To sum up this review. If you grew up playing the original, get this remake, you won't be disappointed. If you didn't play the original and you want the challenge that a classic style shooter offers, buy it. Highly Recommended!"
76561198013249424,Recommended,233130,17575436,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,ClaytownUSA,just buy it already
,Recommended,233130,17576838,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Chef Boyardee,"Are you getting tired of the same First Person shooters over and over again? Do you miss old school first person shooters? This is the game for you. It is a fun, stupid, gory first person shooter that I recommend. At least, until Doom 4 comes out."
76561198133087553,Recommended,233130,17577231,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Snake 1464,"*slices head off**raids room**swipes fortune cookie*""404: Fortune not found""10/10 would let fortune cookie troll me again"
76561198179595569,Recommended,233130,17593982,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,mp,"This game is an amazingly polished and well thought out game. It's very obvious tons of effort went into its creation, and I really like how it incorporates ideas and mechanics from older, pre-modern games (like hidden areas with secrets and easter eggs)."
,Recommended,233130,17599355,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,GiantPlaidSquirrel,"I like my demons like i like my coffee, in puddles all over the ground-Lo Wang"
76561198006975392,Not Recommended,233130,17602227,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Jack,"Ok so the game has the name ""Shadow Warrior"" but thats all that it has in common with its predecessor.Lo Wang looks, sounds and plays nothing like the real Lo Wang. ok they brought in some cool Old School Shooter Elements, some nice Retro Easter Eggs and some secrets, but thats where the positivity ends.The Movement is slow and with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sprint and stamina system. All the guns feel pretty weak but it could also just be the bullet-sponge enemys. And OMG every ♥♥♥♥ing enemy takes so many hits to go down its ridiculous! Theres nothing left of the original fast paced and reaction based combat. And all the enemys just run directly at you and want to get into a melee fight. Only very few enemys do have some ranged attacks. You always end up running backwards shooting at hordes of enemys that spawn around you. Another big issue is the hit detection of enemys. They do hit you with melee attacks although they were several meters away and clearly missed you. You can try as hard as you want to dodge enemys but you still end up taking some damage because of this poor hit detection! They added some kind of weird acceleration to the mouse so aiming feels pretty strange. The Secrets in this game cannot be compared to the original! Its just leaving the predefind path for a few meters and theres a little statue or some money. Interaction with the environment is just♥♥♥♥♥♥poor compared to the 90s Shadow Warrior. There you cold almost interact with everything and it did something, revealed a secret or Lo Wang just said something stupid. In this game theres nothing to interact with! And the few things you need to click on are highlighted for the player.The whole game feels more like Serious Sam or Painkiller but without all the crazy enemys that complement each other.Im comparing this game to the original just to show how inferior it is to the original besides the graphics and sounddesign, thats perfectly fine!so if you really want to experience a fast paced old shool shooter, with lots of secrets, wicked humor, interactive levels and powerful guns? buy the Shadow Warrior Classic Redux Version here on Steam.Lets hope they do not make the same mistakes in the coming Shadow Warrior 2. I will still give it a try."
76561197970718776,Recommended,233130,17602583,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,JohnWoo,"So i got this game because i played the one back in the day the (classic) and it was £3.99 i was like sold,so i played the game for around 2-3 hours i think and was loving every minute,The graphics is good, controls are well done to make each ability happen.He still makes funny remarks every now and then like the classic did and what the duke nukem remake had done aswell.One major issue, even though i saved my game manually when i went to play the next day none of my saved games were there and i now have to start at the begining agian.10/10 would start at the begining every day."
76561197972410852,Recommended,233130,17606044,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,S Y M S Y,"Classic FPS but with added Katana slashings. Mainly fights against demons and the like, with 3 battles against GIANT bosses. Could do with a few more fights against sword wielding Yakuza but you know, in 13 hours it took me to complete it, I couldn't put it down. Cutscenes are awesomely animated with top quality illustrations.Think Duke Nukem with swords, and you have pretty much summed this game up. So don't be expecting anything less then a predictable story/gameplay, but lets face it - you don't always need a game like that ;)SLICE AND DICE ♥♥♥♥♥ES!"
76561198067733263,Recommended,233130,17608243,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Odenzen,"Fantastic game that went under the radar. Great characters, weapons, backdrops, and an overall great time. Pick it up for great demon slashing time!"
76561198170215730,Recommended,233130,17608936,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,HoochieMama69,yes
76561198040960820,Recommended,233130,17609232,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,blademaster12349,"You know Saints Row or Bulletstorm? Well this was the child that came from those two, and I'm happy to say it came out healthy, happy, guns a'blazing and swords a'swinging. It has the humor of it's mother (Saints Row) and the gameplay of it's father (Bulletstorm). It looks very beautiful and runs smoothly. The only problem I found was that it seems it has a case of slightly slow loading times but that's nothing to be concerned about, it's natural in most games. Thankfully the parents are happy, and so am I.Also BEWARE THE DEMON BUNNY'S!!!!!!"
,Recommended,233130,17611235,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Phain,Real
,Recommended,233130,17612403,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,You Fancy Bruh,"Who wants some more Wang? I know I do. ;) Great game! Haven't played that much, but the storyline so far is good, the characters are comically badass. The game is stupidly optimized, so playing on older hardware shouldn't be much of an issue for some. Can't wait to beat this, and the get the 2nd one when it's released."
,Recommended,233130,17615016,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Vlad The Terrible ☭,"Don't expect the same thing as the original Shadow Warrior. These 2 have nothing in common apart from the name.However, that doesn't mean it's bad. It's just different.Swordplay is interesting, and moves are activated in a fashion similar to cheatcodes. That was something that was unexepected. The writing isn't amazing, nor terrible, but funny."
76561198057832188,Recommended,233130,17619476,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,MagnificentMariner,"Spoiler Alert: The story is actually a romantic tragedy.This is weirdly juxtaposed with the awesomely fun gunplay, the mixed bag of one-liners, and the lighthearted tone of the game as you travel around with Hoji, a Japanese rendition of Loki, and Lo Wang, a badass action-movie character.I loved every minute of it."
76561198017622045,Recommended,233130,13207801,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Woof,Great game.
,Recommended,233130,17579421,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Blackbird,"Great prequel for the 1997 Shadow Warrior. Sword is satisfying as ever and Lo Wang is more of a character this time. The game truly looks beautiful and exploring nets you some nice secrets as in original.Weapons are bit meh unupgraded, but that's hardly a problem after a while."
76561198009123735,Recommended,233130,17580977,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Averam,"Fun, brutal ultraviolence for those times when you just need to work off some steam."
,Recommended,233130,16585856,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,KiwizioN △,This game deserves to played :D10/10
76561198087317990,Recommended,233130,16586459,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Figleaf,"Shadow Warrior is a pretty decent hack and shoot game. There's quite a bit of fun with massacring hordes of demons while having the protagonist, Wang, constantly remind himself (yourself) that you're a badass. The pacing and progress of the levels reminds me a bit of a first-person Devil May Cry with you facing waves of monsters, buying upgrades for powers and so on.The strongest element of the game in my opinion, besides the action, would be the protagonist character himself. Wang's just too damn good.What I didn't like, however, was the navigation in the game. The maps are fairly linear, but sometimes there are other areas to roam and explore; there isn't a system that clearly shows you the direction you are meant to be headed in, this has caused me at times to wander around for quite a bit before I realize where I was meant to be headed to. Regardless, it's still a solid game."
,Recommended,233130,16592271,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,D O E F A H,10/10 Katanas and cool stuff
,Recommended,233130,16521852,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Earth Ultimatum IV.,"Definitely recommending.Wonderful story, that's just as long as it should be, amazing Katana combat (cut enemies to pieces, brutal). Well-optimised and fun to play. Interesting locations, lot of humour.However, gun behaviour is weak and uninteresting, and sometimes they throw too many enemies at you.8 Wangs out of 10."
76561198022608702,Recommended,233130,16517144,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,bossfight1,"Gameplay is superb - a fantastic blend of gunplay with over-the-top weaponry, and swordplay with an immensely satisfying array of katana moves. Slaughtering endless hordes of demons never gets old - which is good since it's pretty much all you'll be doing.The game ALSO has an amazing sense of humor - Lo Wang fully embraces the hilarity that comes from his last name, and has a multitude of hilarious one-liners in combat. His partner, Hoji, is funny, too - and the two play off each other very well.The story is... alright, I suppose; it lost me at a couple points but I caught up by the time I hit the ending, which was fairly hard-hitting, in a way that didn't clash with the game's aforementioned light-hearted side. The soundtrack is excellent - worth shelling out for the Special Edition.If I have a couple gripes, one would be that the scoring system for each fight is very hard to impress; I could slaughter the demons in a minute, be extremely varied in how I get my kills, or manage to get through unscathed, and still get a 2/5. Also, the game seems to have some technical issues; on the first computer I played it on, it took me a few months to get it working before I just reinstalled my drivers, and on my second, much better computer, there are still framerate issues and the resolution doesn't fill the entire screen.Still, this is an amazing game, and is good for scratching any mayhem-itches you might have."
,Recommended,233130,16853974,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Fwuffi,Only complaint: not hard enough
,Recommended,233130,16376062,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Sentaku (Washing Device),I have not played the original but the remake itself is damn good and its funny.  The skills/power/weapon system is pretty neat as well. Some might be skeptical as it is a remake but it does have modern style gameplay.Definitely worth getting if you're looking for something a little unique.
,Recommended,233130,16868324,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Mr. Kitty Cat Claws,"When I bought this game, I thought the videos of it looked amusing and that it would be okay.  I was plesantly suprised to find that the videos were just a small glimpse into the funny and beautiful adventure that is Shadow Warrior."
76561198075958302,Recommended,233130,16885824,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Sirius,Just read the other reviews.
,Recommended,233130,16887698,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Voyeur Squid,Saw rabbits having sex.Tried killing them but the rabbit transformed into a Bloodthirsty Demon withdeath metal playing in the background.10/10 would interupt rabbits having sex again.
,Recommended,233130,16892201,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,N3bs,"Good slasher, interesting story and funny jokes.9 out of 10 heads of demon"
,Recommended,233130,17455064,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Shenanigans,"Would have never guessed that I gonna enjoy a game like this one so much.I mean I played Serious Sam, Duke Nukem and those kind before, but it was rather like, ye let's continue, I've nothing better to do, and kinda never finished them.But this game, the balance between katana and firearms using is great, at least if you play not on normal difficutly.The usage of Powers, Skills, and weapon upgreates, is well done.So are the secrets, most of them you can find if you just think stupid enough or sometimes just by luck, but this is one of the games I enjoy finding secrets instead of getting the feeling that their positioning is too unrelated or weird + the secrets give you a real profit like money or skillpoints.And last but not least, I totally like the stupid humor, which is not comparable to SS or DN at all in my opinion."
,Recommended,233130,17150635,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Sir Fabulous,do you like playing as an asian guy named Lo Wang? do you like d*ck jokes? do you like demons and a smart*ss one that helps you? do you like tons of guns that are just fun ot use and upgrade? this game is for you! in this game your sword is better than the original! get this now! dont wait! get it!10/10 IGN
,Recommended,233130,17133153,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,MachineZero,A classic FPS remixed into a modern style
,Recommended,233130,17133724,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Sparkimus Prime,"It was everything Duke Nukem Forever wanted to be. Fun to play through once, and there is a mode that lets you replay with all of your weapons, so if you didn't unlock all the upgrades you have the chance a second time around."
76561198078168868,Recommended,233130,17116736,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Backer,Very very fun old school fps game. 10/10
,Recommended,233130,17118470,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Krillock,"Just finnished the game and it was great, it gets pretty repetitive if you only look at the arcade style fighting but the amazing scenery/huge maps and number of enemy types (the teleporting ones are a bit annoying) made me want to keep playing. It's the type of game no one can play in one sitting (36 hours on highest difficulty), it feels like an open world game, like you've traveled across a continent while keeping you on one straightforward mission the entire game, which is obviously better than a bunch of side quests.So i'd give it a 9.5/10."
,Recommended,233130,13517183,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Rai,"This is what Duke Nukem Forever should have been.There is a lot of Wang for everyone here, and you'll love every moment of it."
76561197970491825,Recommended,233130,13517244,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Help_Can't_Aim,"Addictive oldschool fun with great characters and a suprisingly good story, buy this game!"
76561198043833869,Recommended,233130,13517891,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Imsma,SOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOODD SO GORY but 4 real later in the game weapons and ammo are needed and fighting with your sword gets hard and health are hard to come by  but still GOOD GREAT 10/10
76561197987673147,Recommended,233130,13517953,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,TNCreator,"Very good surprise. Fun gameplay, deep story, nice level design, huge bosses, funny jokes.For 4€ on sale, totally worth it."
,Recommended,233130,13518179,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,EarlyBird,Best hack-'n'-slash ever
76561198030243599,Recommended,233130,13518353,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Auraflux,"Threw a shuriken at a passing rabbit. Was treated to a badass rabbit fight, while the music turned to metal. 10/10"
,Recommended,233130,13556023,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Kilzo Rising,"One of the most badass games on steam! While i was chopping demons limbs and everything else to peices, you can use their hearts as a weapon! Upgrade either your crossbow, sword, revolver, smg, or any other weapon i haven't unlocked yet, You have a banished demon companion from the shadow realm, and he is at most times SO hilarious, well in my opinion, he guides you to whatever the task is going to take place, even talks to the main character not only in cutcenes but while walking as well, and it's not the type of talking where one person is pretty much talking to a wall, no, they are having a back and forth conversation.While is was switching to my smg to dashing out to my sword with all the other stuff taking place, as well as my unlocked powers and skills, i give this game a 5/5 star rating!"
76561197960808940,Recommended,233130,13556310,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Angry Salad,Never hit a Guy with Glasses...Hit him with a Baseball-Bat10/10
76561198010319484,Recommended,233130,13556663,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,yensidic3,My name is Lo Wang.
,Recommended,233130,13557692,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Atlantic,"An engrosing, violent game that pushes the action along with a surprisingly good story. It gets a little reppetitive, but with a depth of skills, powers and weapons to use on unrelenting hordes of demons, there's plenty of room to play. 4/5."
,Recommended,233130,13559095,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,hotmatrixx,"TLDR:Everyone goes on about the combat. It's actually great, but the story is the true gem of this game. Worth getting and playing through to the end.Thoughts;This game is touted for it's viceral combat and gameplay, and it has that, in spades.Combat is really enjoyable, and there is an RPG element to it, as you progress through the game, you can choose what abilities / weapons to unlock as you go, and you get rewarded for killing many enemies in a variety of ways... burning, expoding, beheading, killing while stunned, Killing while airborn, and nailing to the wall to name a few. These aspects are really well done, as there are a few things that require combos, and unlocking them gradually really gives you a chance to get used to each ability, and it's key press combo... rather than being swamped with too much all at once, it gives you new abilities and weapons in little bits. This is the genius of this game, in that it keeps the variety by giving you new ways to evicerate, just as the combat would otherwise become tedious, a new enemy, and a new way to rip their limbs asunder.These are some of the things that the game are known for, but clearly those reviewers never played this game through, as it's real drawcard, is the storyline. Yes, in a game where the action stops for nothing, they nailed the killing and dismemberment, sure... but this game actually has a great story.Not really a spoiler, more of a ""this is what's going on so that you understand how the story is being revealed to you"" but I'll spoiler tag if for you anyway;[/spoiler] When you kill a whisperer, (which is created from an ancients' memories) you gain the memories that were used to created it, that's why you get a cut scene when you kill it. Also, for some reason, you do kill the last whisperer, but it never shows is, although to do get to see the story it reveals.[/spoiler]The story is original, emotional, powerfully told, and truely draws you into the game, leaving you wanting to continue on to find out what happens next. Make sure you get to the end, as it's definatley worth it, then remember to come back here and comment.Never did find out what happened to those two good looking assasains...."
76561197999336697,Recommended,233130,13560067,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,carnivaldiablo,"This game is great! A solid shooter- think a less polished and lighter (moodwise) Wolfenstein: New Order. This is my third Devolver purchase which has been awesome- Hotline Miami, Sometimes Always Monsters before it.Beyond the shooting mechanics there are also 3 resources to collect which allow you to purchase various upgrades: money for guns, crystals for powers and karma (xp) for skills. In addition there a ridiculous number of secrets to discover- and anyone who played the original Shadow Warrior is going to get a kick out of them.I'm sorry it took so long to try out this title!"
,Recommended,233130,13556137,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,TheCheekyTree,"The first half is great!Very vibrant colours... gorgeous scenery and set-pieces that are great to just roam in. High quality textures and great lighting that feels surprisingly very immersive!The level design is great and encourages you to explore to look for hidden loot, secrets, and easter eggs - all of which are in unique and memorable locations, giving nods to the old Shadow Warrior title from back in the day... good fun!As for the second half... not so much...It suddenly becomes very industrial, dull, and grey... and this continues until pretty much the end of the game. I felt as if I was playing a mixture of Metro, Aliens, and Doom (xbox), except those games did it better. It suddenly takes itself seriously, and takes an 8 year leap into the past graphically in the process. It's too dark so you have to keep your flashlight on, which is for the best as there isn't anything interesting to look at here... the general atomosphere is just horrible and boringLevel design is poor and seems rushed... you will spend a lot of your time sprinting through long, empty corridors with nothing in them and no action - so you often get lost trying to find the next objective because there are no landmarks or map. Secret areas become very uninspired and aren't hidden creatively whatsoever, they're just sorta hanging around. As for easter eggs, I haven't found any on this halfCombat becomes very 'standard procedure', and certain enemies are over-used... especially the guys with themasksand thedetonators. Bosses and larger enemies aren't fun to kill at all and are annoying more than anything, as they're just gimmicky bullet spongesConclusion:It's a great game - combat is fantastic, but I didn't like the way it quickly loses its focus mid-game and becomes a dark, humourless, generic corridor shooter. It doesn't feel like the same game anymoreI suggest getting it on sale... and hopefully by time you get 7 hours into the game you have a craving for the original Shadow Warrior and won't have to play the second half of this one!"
,Recommended,233130,14185036,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Silveriño,"GET THIS GAME during the next sale - for like 3 bucks, this is an ABSOLUTE no-brainer if you think you could enjoy swords, other weapons, humor and demons!+ beautiful graphics+ cool story (nothing too special, but enjoyable) ~STORY is about 15 hours long!+ fitting asian-themed soundtrack+ diverse weapons to obliterate your enemies___+ dope sword moves___+ sick samurai powers to lay waste upon all demons who dare to oppose you+ classic, funny one-liners that remind you of the old shadow warrior / duke nukem era___+  e.g. ""all men eat, but fu man chu""this game is exactly what its supposed to be, and its great!"
,Recommended,233130,14273980,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,waiting for iphone y,this game was worth my 5 dollars cause i git to kill a bunny
,Recommended,233130,13976837,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Entropysoul,"Loved old school Wang, new school Wang doesn't disappoint either."
,Recommended,233130,13978927,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Deus Quī Argenteīs Superavī,"When I first bought the game, I did so expecting a dumb, bloody hack n slash in first person. BOY were my expectations blown out of the water. I found that the storyline was easy enough for me to follow, yet entralling enough to keep me playing. Certain parts can be solved different ways, and I had to think of tactics to pass them. ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT. I would recommend to people who A) find demons and shadow realm stories entralling or B) want to gib and slice everything 10/10 game in my opinion"
,Recommended,233130,13979692,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,The Holy Ghost,"If you're a huge fan of the Serious Sam franchise and samurai swords, try out this game.Its got a good story narrative and comedic material to keep you entertained while playing this fast-paced, mindless, hack and slash game.7/10"
,Recommended,233130,13980287,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,rhapsodicink,"Runs really well, really good graphics (bright colors, nice textures), mechanics are pretty much perfect (I was having so much fun when I saw the damage the katana can inflict), story seems pretty good so far, has a perfec way of not taking itself seriously, pretty funny. Voice acting is spotty, but does not detract very much. Really combines melee and guns very well, I am pleasantly surprised."
,Recommended,233130,13981243,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,[SFW]Skidd Chung,Wow! Just wow. Did not expect this game to be this much fun. The sword slashing and dicing is satisfying. Lots of skills to make use of and surprisingly good story.I think I played 12 hours on Normal. Thats impressive as most single player FPS not last more than 6-8 hours.Highly recommended for those that enjoyed the old school shooters with lots of gore and violence.
,Recommended,233130,17295188,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Syrup,I give this an 8 on the wang-o-meter
76561197984567426,Recommended,233130,17296516,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Szero25,Lo WangHigh ScoreBrilliant Game
,Recommended,233130,17229918,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,ERock022,"I am new to PC gaming and I cannot believe that this is available on PS4 and no one knows about it.  This game was responsible for me falling in love with PC gaming from the first day I built my gaming PC.  I had not recieved my monitor in the mail yet so I hooked my PC up to my 4K tv and was blown away by this game.  It is not very demanding so I was able to run this at 50 - 70 fps maxed out in 4k.  I think I turned down AA to like 2x though.   It was a few months ago so I cannot remember.  Anyhow, I was impressed at how smooth of gameplay this has.  The gun play and sword fighting is just nothing short of amazing.  I wish this was one of those games that lasted 100 hours but I guess they would have run out of jokes for the fortune cookies had that been the case.This game is worth your money at full price.  It does go on sale from time to time so I would recommend waiting, but you will not regret the purchase regardless of how much money you give for it."
76561198040761868,Recommended,233130,17231800,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Elway > Brady,"Wow, was not expecting much but was really impressed by this game.  It was a little taxing collecting money to purchase upgrades but other than that I could tell that the developers of this game put some serious thought and care into it.  Probably the best game I've played this year."
,Recommended,233130,16776895,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,TabascoTaco,"Just buy it, its awesome."
,Recommended,233130,17071079,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Pink Shit,Gorey action packed fun. Great remake of the original. So fun to kill with that Katana!
,Recommended,233130,2874689,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,nofate1987,"Flying Wild Hog создает достаточно самобытные игры. не фонтан, конечно, но играбедьно. рекомендую купить во время распродажи"
76561198044118905,Recommended,233130,8139767,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,-Curser-,Bloody Amasing
,Recommended,233130,17355585,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Mary Busey,"This game is fantastically fun, with a satisfying enough story to justify all the violence. I highly recommend picking this title up if you're on the fence - but they seem to have recently increased the price. I paid $10 for this and at that price, or $20 it's worth a buy. I don't know why it is suddenly $40."
76561198012234150,Recommended,233130,17359706,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Anthreas,Runs great on linux and everything explodes. Makes toasting the bad guys easy when oil lamps and shurikens are all you need to have a blast.
76561197988609440,Recommended,233130,17330618,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Meowcenary,"This game is great.it has all the classic elements that make FPS games fun while managing to add many of the modern features most ""Elitists"" would say ruin the genre.the story is meh but it's basically an excuse to carry you to your next battlefield, it's not that its bad you just dont ever feel particularly drawn into it.the characters on the other hand are pretty great. The MC you play as manages to spout one liners and witty dialogue without coming on as trying too hard or getting obnoxious and your little side kick you get allows for some humourous back and forth dialogue at times.Combat feels incredibly satisfying rewarding both melee and range focused players with equal measure. Aside from 2 boss fights (The same boss no less) the game allows you to fight however you like, and the mystic abilities you get prove to actually be useful rather than tacked on gimmicks though they only really start to shine at their later levels of power.Using the sword feels amazing, when you see limbs flying left and right with each swing you can't help but feel like a badass, you make kill bill look like a nasty paper cut by comparison, (Btw turn on advanced sword combat to truly get the most out of swordplay)The enemies are varied enough in appearence and while a healthy variety of types exist you'll find yourself fighting the same cookie cutter baddies until late in the game sadly. Although once you get to this point you'll find that throwing them all in a blender makes for some scary encounters.I regret nothing in buying this game and will be one of the first in line for the sequel. Do yourself a favor and get this sonova♥♥♥♥♥ right now."
76561198148609287,Recommended,233130,17332713,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,SLUGBOI,Best PC and Xbox One shooter of 2013
,Recommended,233130,11684207,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Easter,"Shadow Warrior is the remake of an old arcade game.Didn't play the arcade game, but that doesnt matter, because this game is still freaking amazing.It's a first person hack and slash with a humor the rivals.... some other funny game."
76561198007796870,Recommended,233130,18052963,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,MEF RAWLINS,"I like this game mostly because of its dry humor. Its a great shooter, filled with a whole lotta' blood. Go around and slay deamons and solve riddles and puzzles. There are alot of weapons, combos, and strengths to add onto your character as you play. Great atmostpheres throughout the game, and gorgeous graphics to look at. The difficulty can get a little crazy at times, but its managable. I give Shadow Warrior a 9/10."
,Recommended,233130,17995434,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,ROBAX,"Excellent game. Was well worth the few dollars it cost on sale. Ups are: Nice graphics, excellent audio, big levels, fluid sword-fighting, battles against hordes of enemies, then a huge boss, then maybe an even bigger boss, then two more huge mad things... just when you think you've finished the biggest battle of your fps life, it drops a bigger one on you. The game plays a lot like 90s fps games, but updated in every way. The downs are: They totally dropped the ball on the Lo Wang character, who is meant to be the stereotypical Duke Nuk'em of martial arts. I knew it wasn't going to be funny early on when the narration commented about the typical Japanese scenario. So yeah.. the game has very little of the humour that the original had. But apart from that I enjoyed it all the way through. It's completely linear, but without a minimap telling you your every move. The backstory is all very otherworldly and bored me, but again, the game is good and the ending decent as well. Good stuff."
76561198022350564,Recommended,233130,18026338,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Widukind,"Got it for 10 bucks, I've never played a Kill Bill Simulator with such realism"
,Recommended,233130,18013333,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Internalized Oppression,This for all my ninjas with 280x's mackin shaolin style beezys in latexes11/10
76561198075261504,Recommended,233130,30529108,Posted: 15 March,all,MotherSuperior66,"Excellent game. Good storyline, classic slash and hack combined with first person shooter, graphic is beautiful and a dark but funny sense of humour"
76561198075673573,Recommended,233130,18008389,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,wrygrass,"I rate the remake of the game Shadow Warrior (the remake is not to be confused with the original) 4.5/5. This is a truly excellent game and is possibly the most beautiful game I have ever played (tied with Skyrim in terms of beauty) but also one of the most bloody (tied with Soldier of Fortune in terms of gore).While this is certainly a very linear action game with but one ending, this game is still outstanding. The alternate game modes (especially the one which lets you play from the start using all of the weapon and character upgrades you got the first time around) allow for a great deal of replayability. This game has truly beautiful, fantastic graphics. It's storyline is interesting (though it can seem a bit convoluted in places as it unfolds) and almost every aspect of this game (including its plot) is either a spoof of some kung fu movie or of is merely making fun of itself and yet for a game which consistently fails to take itself seriously it is able to present some very dramatic and emotional moments.The action is visceral (the first-person-perspective sword fighting is the best I've ever seen in such a game. The sword fighting is fun, intuitive and interesting enough to cause me to often use my sword instead of other weaponry (if only The Elderscrolls games had such intuitive sword fighting in them, although a lot of the sense of intuitive sword fighting is due to the radically gory slices the game allows you to make into your enemies (and the Elderscrolls games still shy too much away from that for the sword fighting to feel either very visceral or dangerously realistic in those games).The controls are tight and the first person perspective camera work is good (you can see your own legs when you look down. yay!), constantly giving you a good sense of where your character's body is even when most of it is not on screen, The environments are interesting and the action, while extremely constant, intense, and challenging, seldom seems either repetitive or frustrating. The voice acting is good throughout for all characters and the game has a well done, slightly over the top but witty sense of humor. The game's character is not quite an asian version of Duke Nukem (Lo Wang has a very different personality) but the things he says throughout the game often reminded of me (in a very good way) of Duke Nukem 3D, (except without very much of the sexism which Duke so often had). There is good dialogue throughout and the funny fortune cookie jokes (fortune cookies with humorous messages in them) add greatly to the game's humor, often just when things begin to feel more serious. Your character's vocal sidekick is consistently interesting as well. The music is fitting (and pretty good in many places) and the sound is truly fantastic. In a time when linear first person perspective action games are plentiful, this game is head and shoulders above the rest. This isn't just another action game. Shadow Warrior is a mythological epic which manages to feel epic and yet be silly at the same time."
,Recommended,233130,15767204,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,doogie,if you like cutting demons open with swords while chasing another sword youll really like this game. if youre not into cutting demons open with swords while chasing another sword you will really dislike this game. if youre ok with cutting demons open with swords while chasing another sword you will think this game is ok.
,Recommended,233130,15263455,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,KingJak,"This Review is based on a complete playtrough on normal and one about 1/3 of NG+ at Max DifficultyGameplayit's a simple fast paced shooter with the addition of a katana, while the guns feels like they have no impact at all, the katana is pretty satisfying to use since all enemies' limbs can be sliced in a simple yet effective gore system.Enemies are bulletsponges at all difficulties and the higher the difficulty the higher they hit you, also at max difficulty the game throws you tons of enemies compared to lower difficulties (not sure about this)There are little a couple of puzzles and the levels are rich of secrets to find.StoryAt the start the story looks very simple and straightforward, but the more it goes on, the more it becomes deep and interesting.All characters are also pretty interesting with Good voice acting with the only exception of the MC that is supposed to be a mix between serious and funny but it fails at being either.SoundThe sound effects are mediocre at best with the music being easily forgettableGraphics & OptimizationAfter the recent DX11 patch the game became even more gorgeous than it was before and most if not all of the optimizations issues are fixed, still a couple more fixes wouldn't hurt to the optimization.LongevityNot really lenghty, the main story is about 10-12 hours long, but the addition of NG+ and a couple of extra modes add some longevity to the gameConclusionI highly suggest this game if you are in need of a fast paced FPS or you are looking for a game with a fun melee combat system and I personally think it's one of the best FPS released in 2013Vote:8/10"
,Recommended,233130,15633086,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,TheCommunist.,"Lots of blood, beheadings, shots, deaths. Like GoT without the nudity.10/10 would play for mindless katana fun."
,Recommended,233130,15286220,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,🔥🔥 The Litopotamus 🔥🔥,Amazingly fun!
76561198058965673,Recommended,233130,15668613,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,HarrisonPudding,"I'm gonna put it out there: Best. Opening. Scene. Ever. Tell me you never put on that favorite song on your way to work and belted it out like you were on stage.Katanas-checkGuns, fire, and rockets-checkSmart♥♥♥♥♥side kick-checkVomit-inducing first person-check for some (Don't look away from the target crosshairs if you don't like this one-and don't drink and Shadow Warrior, trust me)The game will take 12-20 hours depending on your completion obsession and skill level. You won't be able to upgrade everything the first time, so up the difficulty and run through the game plus that second time.Great gaming references throughout. Surprisingly, a thoughtful story with character growth. Who knew? If you like sophomoric romps dripping with blood and sarcasm, get it. Even if you don't, this game is a solid FPS with Bulletstorm-esque depth."
,Recommended,233130,15705173,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Radiance,I always wanted to send my Wang to the shadow realm.
76561198114380459,Recommended,233130,15705311,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Ocean Mann,GREAT IF YOU LIIKE BLOOD AND COMEDY and maby guns
76561198040539893,Recommended,233130,15711848,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Razzy,demon shooting/slashing/burning/exploding 10/10
76561197979081338,Recommended,233130,15721221,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Tizzi,Woah! That was nice!
,Not Recommended,233130,14786436,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,GraphicX,"Pretty ordinary game, dragged on a good 5 chapters far too long.  4/10."
76561197970735316,Recommended,233130,14789111,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Lhee,"Best first-person swordplay ever.  The guns are still fun (especially once you buy the upgrades) but you'll keep going back to the katana because it just feels so good to slice and slash your way through the demon hordes. There is a lot of lowbrow humor in this game, which should be expected considering the main character's name is a dickjoke, but there's also an underlying story about a magic sword and demons betraying each other if you're willing to pay attention to the cutscenes. Graphics and sound are well-done, with a lot of interesting environments to fight through.  There are 3 videos on this game's store page that do a pretty great job of showcasing what this title is all about."
,Recommended,233130,14792479,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Rhysy,"The Shadow Warrior remake harkens back to the old school FPS like Wolfenstein, Doom, Blood and ofcourse Shadow Warrior.  Solid buttong smashing shooting mechanics with viscerally pleasing melee combat, makes this gory celebration of blood just sublime.It may not rank as the greatest FPS, but it's well worth to pick up on a sale for those who like their shooters fast and furious."
,Recommended,233130,14913218,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,LIKEUCARE,"Shadow Warrior: A remastered edition of an old school shooter game.What is it?Well, to put bluntly, you play as a one-liner a$$hole, that decides to go on a hunt for a super sword! You go on a rampage and get to kill many mobs of enemies from start to finish.The game was developed by Flying Wild Hog, same makers of Hard Reset, another game that gives you similar gameplay but set in the future. If you played Hard Reset and loved it, you should enjoy this game too. Same engine, mostly same mechanics and whatnot.PROS:+Visuals are pretty decent.+Soundtrack is good.+Swordfights are what keeps you playing in this game.+Upgrade system is interesting and gives you options on how you wanna play and focus.+Quite humorous! A few funny one-liners!CONS:-Playtime is too long. It drags on for a while before finally getting to the endgame. It is how I felt in this game and I played in Normal mode so on harder setting, it should take even longer! Took me 15 hours to finish the game.-Gamebreaking bug at Chapter 10. Some enemy was stuck behind a wall and I couldn't kill it. Can't kill, can't progress further as the game is scripted that way. I had to restart the whole level to continue playing.-Lack of directions: Some level design are quite a maze. Can take you a while to figure out a specific place to go if you went on wandering and exploring because you have to backtrack your way and lookout where to go.-Repetitive bossfights.OVERALL:Shadow Warrior is a fun game but to my taste, it drags for too long. Some may love a long playtime but for that kind of gameplay where you keep mowing down mobs of foes, level after levels, it gets tiresome. Hard Reset was quite fine by me for its playtime and action style but with SW, Flying Wild Hog added a long campaign, with repetitive environments. Hopefully if there's a sequel, the game has a better pace and is shorter in playtime, where it doesn't seem to drag too long!RECOMMENDATION:Love old school shooters? You'll enjoy this game!LoveSerious Sam, Hard Reset, Doom (classics)FPS playstyle?This game is for you!RATING:8.0 / 10"
76561198035015119,Recommended,233130,14997100,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,pilot,best fps ever
,Recommended,233130,14998188,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,DERPNESS,"Not sure how this slipped under the radar. It's exactly the kind of remake we need. Fun, fast combat with lots of options. Carry all your weapons at once. None of the 2 weapon bull. The story is actually fairly engaging and it's just plain fun to play.If only Duke Nukem Forever had been this kind of remake."
76561198065443439,Recommended,233130,15206551,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,HorchataMatata,DO NOT BUY A MAC IF YOU'RE PLANNING TO PLAY THIS GAMEI made the mistake of playing this great game on my mac and it sucked: frame rates are slow and you'll be lucky to play the game on low settings with minor issues but getting a PC next week so I'll be tossing this mac aside for a real mans system____________________________________________________________________________________ bottom line don't buy a mac they're polished turds that don't do crap
76561197964360957,Recommended,233130,7523426,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,traX^,"Om du spelade Shadow warrior när du var liten, kommer du älska detta spelet!"
76561197993925287,Recommended,233130,15490779,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Qaatz,"This game is definitely of the old school variety of shooters.  It's got corny jokes, fun weapons and hordes of enemies all charging towards you.  It also has RPG elements in that you get abilities, skills and weapons which are all upgradable.  The sword fighting is truly enjoyable because there are multiple ways to use the sword and when done correctly its just satisfying.I would highly recommend this if you enjoy a good ol run and gun shooter, complete with jokes, throwback secret rooms and it also does a sufficient job with the story and such.  It's overall a solid game for what it was intended as."
,Recommended,233130,15495334,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Buckeye Burl,Slice demons and listen to♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes.
76561197985293941,Recommended,233130,15432433,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Azrayen,"Great game with great gameplay and a lot of humor.Think about Serious Sam with a katana, rocket launcher included.""Time for Wang to make a bang."""
,Recommended,233130,22112522,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,MID,JUST PLAYED THE CHAPTER ONE I BET DEADPOOL STOLE FROM THIS GAME FOR SURE 99/10 WOULD BECOME DEADPOOL AGAIN
76561198105289198,Recommended,233130,23090265,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Knight of broken glass,"Bought it on a whim, one of the best gaming experiences I have had in a while. The combat is intense, the areas are rich, the character progression is engaging but doesnt break up the action or require planning although it seems you can specialize to a degree. Thus far (six hours on record) I have encountered maybe seven types of enemies, but their combat styles keep me on my toes, even the most basic enemy type suprises me with the fluidity of their wall-runs and tenacity even after dozens of encounters.I have little to say about the games replay value as I havent beaten it, although there are five difficulty settings and shortly after each enemy encounter you are given a rating (5/5) based on how skillfull you were."
,Recommended,233130,23104449,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,=CID=Gribbiy,Hilariously grotesque. Dialogue never ceases to amuse. 10/10
76561198143227439,Recommended,233130,23082606,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Shinkutzsar,"Want to slay demons, hunt for treasure, and/or blow **** up? Then this is your game! Its cram packed with fast paced chaos, crude humor, and has a nice touching story. With quite a few weapons at your disposal and with simultaneous use of demonic skills, you are constantly put on edge and pressured to stay alive and kill your foes. This game definitely has replay value with reusable perks, achievements and many secrets to discover.   10/10"
,Recommended,233130,23488917,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,taz,"Very entertaining game, good action and gameplay."
,Recommended,233130,23477266,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Orion,"Lo Wang is armed to the teeth with brutal weapons and cheesy jokes as he explores the exotic locations and fantastic lore of Shadow Warrior. As nostalgic video game reboots go, Duke Nukem Forever might not have been so disappointing if it had ended up in the hands of developers at Flying Wild Hog,"
76561198060344653,Recommended,233130,23493446,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,leonjuanluis,"Great combat, graphics, performance, and fov.Sadly the model fov doesn't change with the world fov so the gun models are a bit big and too close to the camera, console style."
76561198109643119,Recommended,233130,23462258,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,FlyingBaron,Epic. Just epic. Buy now.
76561198153032013,Recommended,233130,23430208,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,绅士男孩HENTAIBOY,"Im a simple man, I see a FPS with katana and I buy it."
76561198198890205,Recommended,233130,23012482,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Nap0le0nsGh0st,"Fantastic, Funny, and Firework to boot!!!"
76561198052602166,Recommended,233130,22889866,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Sphynx_,It's been a long time since a game has made me want to rush home just to play it. It's really good. The graphics aren't the best but they're still nice. The game handles very well and requires you to use all the skills learned to win at harder difficulties. Story wise? Surprisingly good too!Overall i r8 8/8 m8 no h8
,Recommended,233130,22998273,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Just Bad.,Epic Gorefest!!
,Recommended,233130,22995592,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,midweekvermin,"Fantastic game, very much worth the money, I recommend the special edition."
76561197961354335,Recommended,233130,22995874,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Dunk,"Amazing Game!This brings back the feel of old school shooters, although you'll use the sword more than anything.Pro:+Fun!+Dismemberment+Some of the funniest one liners in any game+All the weapons feel powerful and usefulCon:-You'll want shadow warrior 2 now!"
76561198006249533,Recommended,233130,23005956,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Olrikus,"This is a truly amazing game. I discovered it rather late and I can't express how amused I was to find a shiny gem here. Gameplay is fun, story is very nice and graphics are simple but arty."
,Recommended,233130,23001431,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,ThrillLizard,I never thought I loved Wang so much. Can't get enough Wang. I wish these people developed Duke Nukem Forever
,Recommended,233130,23004438,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Norbert No Bacon,"I picked this up in the sale cheap as chips. It's a very fun and entertaining game, full of humour, violence and proper FPS action, with a well optimised graphics engine that's makes the game very fast and smooth. The campaign is a very decent length, so a bargain at half the price! I would recommend to fans of this genre and also to those that maybe are not."
76561197981955747,Recommended,233130,916824,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Spaz,Bloody awesome old school excellence!
76561198034996478,Recommended,233130,23028856,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,perdition_grove,"Fun mindless action. I enjoy the time I spent in the game, but I played it sporadically because it never quite caught my attention for very long. Dismember things, make a wang joke, kill some more things... The story was okay, the voice acting fairly good and the graphics/setting were decent. Not sure I'll get the upcoming sequel, but I don't regret getting this title on sale."
,Recommended,233130,23028636,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,last man standing,"One of the best game I have ever played, great bossfights, great humor, good heckpoints, gory as ♥♥♥♥, no dumb keycard searching, good combat, absolutely amazing visuals, sometimes bad performance. The only real problem I have with this game is that it is waaay to easy, even on hard or insane difficulty. But overall a fantastic game."
76561198236497138,Recommended,233130,17557591,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,ThePacificFury,The first cutscene with Wang had me giggling. The combat is smooth and writing is superb. A strongly reccomended buy for anyone who likes comedy with their shooters.
,Recommended,233130,17559915,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,TheChobe,Classic. Fun.
76561197977187558,Recommended,233130,17560722,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,synp1t0n,Im just gonna say that Im not usually into FPS games but I saw this available for Linux so I bought it.  Wow.  Absolutely fantastic game.  Stunning scenery awesome soundtrack and really fun to play.  The fact that you can hack and slash with a sword and use special powers appeals to the rpg fan in me also.   Lots of humor.  5 stars.
,Recommended,233130,17560937,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Arthuria,I LOVE THIS GAME
76561198208774615,Recommended,233130,17561012,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Nevil Stinkbottom,"I cant say enough good about this game. I just started it to make sure it worked and see what it was about, And like 6 hours later im still rocking it chopping up all kinds of demons and whatnot.The katana is freaking awesome to use, and leaves blood, guts, and broken♥♥♥♥♥everywhere.This is one of those games where you know you need to turn it off cause you have stuff you gotta do or you need to go to sleep, but you just cant. You keep telling yourself five more minute.... for like 3 hours.Seriously though, thats the best compliment you can give a game.I highly reccomend it and already cant wait for number 2 to come out."
,Recommended,233130,17561538,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Zatur De Ordeniers,Great Game!
,Recommended,233130,17563241,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,coolbreezy,"I killed two rabits mating, and the ghost of one them came back to kill me.  Take notes game devs, this is how you make player choices matter.  10/10 better than Telltale."
,Recommended,233130,17509332,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,KNACK IS BACK,"Did you life the new Wolfenstein? Yes, then this is the game for you.Are you sick of COD and BF style♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Yes, then this  is the game for you.This is without a doubt the most fun I've had with a shooter in years, with the brilliant mix of hard but fun gameplay, over the top combat, enemys, and weapons, theres no way you can't enjoy this game.I would definitely buy this."
,Recommended,233130,17515806,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,R00sta,"This game reminds me a lot of the Wolfenstein reboot, not in the way the game plays, but in the fact that this game is better than it has any right to be. The satisfying gunplay, the even more satisfying katana swordplay, a beautiful soundtrack, and a suprsingly interesting and unique story, all make for a great singleplayer FPS experience on its own. That is not even to mention the hilarious writing, lovable characters, and the fun movement system. In the end, Shadow Warrior did not have to do anything but provide great gameplay, but it ended up going overboard with obvious TLC from the developers, and making this one of my favorate games of recent memory.My only gripes with the game would have to be the game would have to be that the levels can be confusing in directing where you are supposed to go at times (which I guess is just the old-school style), and the fact that an agile samurai warrior like Lo Wang cannot survive a 15 foot drop. These do not detract from the experience in any significant way, luckily.So what the hell are you waiting for?Go buy this game and give some demons a little bit of Wang!"
76561198024392035,Recommended,233130,17583779,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,R.E.G.I.S MK-V,One model of truck has an EU license plate.  I think this is important for the story but I don't know why..........................
,Recommended,233130,17583874,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,🖤Nix Abyss♌,I'm loving the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this reboot of the oldie but goldie. Buy it beacuse when the 2nd comes out you will want to have played this one as well.
76561198136644483,Recommended,233130,17588260,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,axdude2001,BADASSS
76561198119365618,Recommended,233130,17591687,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,UmbraMortis,"This.  Game.  Is.  Awesome.The game is hilarious, but also sports a very satisfying combat system.  Occasionally, it gets very challenging.  Totally recommended to people who like solid First Person Shooters, people who like funny video games, and everybody else, too.   Not much more to say.  Play it."
76561198065552154,Recommended,233130,17887919,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,♠Hypnos,"Really Nice GamePlay overall, Weird Feeling after finishing the game , kind of like after u watch a good movie and BOOM that it , Really Well Made :D"
,Recommended,233130,17906398,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,natronica,Just started and already exploded a soda machine with a katana.  <3
,Recommended,233130,17890991,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,ANANCI VELET,KILL THEM ALL!
,Recommended,233130,17833065,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,SypherLOCO,"Shadow Warrior is a well-polished retro style frantic FPS with a tonne of action and gameplay.Story: 8/10 - It was well thought out but didn't move me. I loved the cut scenes and animation during shadow realm transitions. Nice world creation and general voice acting. I found myself bursting out laughing at the awesomely sarcastic one-liners Lo Wang sporadically says.Sound: 10/10 - Every aspect of the sound in this game from walking on snow to breaking stuff with your katana was amazing.Gameplay: 8.5/10 - The combat maintains its challenge through out the game. There are quite a few ways to bolster your character through skills, weapon upgrades and powerful abilities. The combo of using double tap/hold direction keys while still having to lay down damage made for a very fast paced and enjoyable battle everytime. Some fights were extremely challenging but not to the point of unbeatable... (there is a save any where feature which also allowed you to save mid-combat making the game easy to progress through)Graphics: 9.5/10 - Some absolutely breath taking environments. Such a mix of color and bloom. I loved how well optimized the game was. Ran like a dream even when there were dozens of enemies and explosions all around me.Controls 9/10 - Easy to learn, difficult to master.Overall 9/10 - I bought this game 90% off steam sale and would gladly pay full price. It even has a new game+ type mode. So very fun.Completion time: 18 hoursMedium difficulty"
,Recommended,233130,8433947,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,h13.Bishop,"As good as Hard Reset. Real FPS, great remake."
,Recommended,233130,17986887,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,NoisyBoy,"One of the best games i have ever played. It is so intense, i would like to see more games like this coming out!"
76561198081960077,Recommended,233130,16957213,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,"Cool, Calm, and Collected","you got the touch, you got the power. when all hell's breaking lose you'll be riding the eye of the storm.10/10 would wang again."
,Recommended,233130,16903755,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,dboatto,Great game! Should be rated 100/100!
,Recommended,233130,16929047,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Xzeptie,"awesome game. It runs like a charm with 200+ fps on my 970 which just makes its fast paced action look fantastic on a 144 hz monitor.The gameplay is classic and feels nostalgic, the story is surprisingly good when you get a little into the game, the humor is awesome but the game also has a lot of heart.All that and the game is also pretty long. Worth every penny :)"
,Recommended,233130,7317569,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Lucy Fujibayashi,"Ken Jeong mixed with Duke Nuken & Serious Sam with alot of deamons, blood and dismemberment in a beautiful asian setting such a great game!"
76561198148733249,Recommended,233130,16937459,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,RogueHelljumper,"""Who wants some Wang?"""
,Recommended,233130,16942285,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Skywalker,"I didnt play original old classic Shadow Warrior.This is first time to play Shadow Warrior and i am pretty sure this game awesome.Story very very good and so funny, you are not boring while in the game.Gameplay, controller, mechanics fine i have not problem with them.Sounds very good, especially Lo Wang's sound actress has done a good job.All i say buy it play it fun it else you sorry."
76561198011362068,Recommended,233130,16824185,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Battle Brother Invictus,"The Shadow Warrior is unkown and unsung, yet never he leaves a fight undone.The ending made me cry, oh so beautifull."
76561198085023542,Recommended,233130,16829602,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,S_KING1998,"Very fun, lots of variety, highly recommend it."
76561197970482328,Recommended,233130,18822733,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,fjk1138,"Not quite as silly as the original, but definitely a lot of action and a very nice looking game overall."
76561198025640938,Recommended,233130,30584451,Posted: 17 March,all,Darth Vader (Hash),8.5/10 (Great)
76561198008930348,Recommended,233130,30586166,Posted: 18 March,all,King Hrothgar,"Fun game that doesn't take itself too seriously. Get it, and be sure to do a sword only play through at some point too. It's a good shooter of course, but the sword combat is what really seperates it. It should run smoothly on any reasonable gaming system. I played it with an I5-4690, GTX 770 2GB and 16GB DDR3 on Win 10 (and Win 8.1 too)."
76561198202022403,Recommended,233130,19199235,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,xCrazyxSinner13x,love the humor and nonstop♥♥♥♥♥kicking gameplay thats all you need to know about this game
76561198135663757,Recommended,233130,19336128,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Nizzy,"Damn...For the reluctant buyer concerned about wasting money, don't worry I was in the same position as you.This game is well worth every penny...There is a reason why it's got ""overwhelingly positive"" reviews and is still at £30 after being released for two years..."
76561198091742108,Recommended,233130,19349297,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,championon3,This game is amazing! So good its undescribable ;)
,Recommended,233130,19349396,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Christian,"It's a surprisingly good shooter. Very fast paces, and with the exceptionof level 12 the levels are very well done.It's a classic shooter which with lots of pick ups, secrets and a movement speed at ferrari speed. Forget all cover based fps, this one is old school and does it really well.It also has some melee combat that is very well excecuted."
,Recommended,233130,19356162,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,The Wizard,"This game is pretty fun and delivers a good story. The secret areas that throw-back to the original game are a good touch.Towards the end, I found myself trying to change things up with what weapons I used, but it really boils down to about 3 different weapons and fighting increased numbers of the same monsters.Ultimately playing with my Wang is just too fun!"
76561198040852467,Recommended,233130,19336598,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,RubricalLou,"You'll have fun with this one if you miss the FPS shooters from the 90s. It's bloody, visceral, messy and chaotic. A good challenging game with upgrades and new skills to choose from as you progress.The sword becomes a little redundant about halfway through as it becomes no match against a horde of enemies. This  is a shame because the combat is very satisfying.All in all, very fun and probably a little like what Duke Nukem Forever should have been. Having an arsenal of weapons is always a must in these types of FPS'. No two weapon cycle here!"
76561197990592646,Recommended,233130,19382419,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,jandarsun8,"This game has so much win to it. I should have started playing this when it first came out. If you haven't bought it, buy it. There are so many references to original it's just awesome and the one liners are great. When you go into an arcade and not only see Serious Sam with original sound but an arcade of the original SW with original sound quotes as well, that's just a win. It's even got f**king rabbits in it, literally, it's hilarious. This game is an awesome update to an already classic game and brings my childhood around in full swing, this is awesome."
76561198006542032,Recommended,233130,19369801,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,zelda82,Shadow Warrior is one of the best FPS in recent memory and for a guy old like me (33) it is a truckload of nostalgia on top...It definitely is worth buying and relly worth diving into! Cant wait for the second one!
76561197989443210,Recommended,233130,20940047,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Kahua,It's a pretty nice slasher!
76561197963109722,Recommended,233130,8264645,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Calai,"This is a reenvention of the classic 1997 Shadow Warrior. So, as expected it has skill-trees, which is never a bad idea actually, no leveling up your character though.Shadow Warrior is a straight forward shoot fest with smooth and addicting gameplay. You are going to spend most of your time killing demons and puzzle solving here is minimal. Speaking of demons, there is great variety and killing them in all sorts of gruesome ways feels really good. There are about 9 diffrent weapons with secondary fire for most of them. There is also a katana sword which you will be using a lot. I don't really believe in meelee FPS but they did a decent job and it doesn't feel awkward most of the time, like many others games have attempted.I have one issue with the game: boss fights. Simply annoying and it feels like a chore. Luckly, there is only a couple of them.To sum it up: a delight throughout. Every game proposes somehing they are willing to achieve. Shadow Warrior intent to have you doing a lot of killing, and it does so marvelously.This is the type of game I won't finish just once. And that's saying something."
76561198074653540,Recommended,233130,20841887,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,OaksTree,"This game is EPIC!You play as an assassin for hire named Lo Wang that gets tied in between the industrial tycoon that he works for, Zilla, and a Japanese mythological demon, Hoji, he then comes across. You alternate between industrial modern Japan and the Japanese mythological world throughout the story. The story starts off a bit dull but as the supernatural start to take the focus, the story becomes very interesting, with an ending that is as satisfying as it is unexpected. It also blends in comedy with the action that I felt was well timed and added to dialogue perfectly. The story is also decently long with it taking me about 18 hours to finish. If thats not enough it also has a supplementary gamemode where you face enemies in wave fashion.My only concern was of the gameplay. The core gameplay is fun and exciting with a good array of weapons and customization. One of my favorite parts is the use of Ki to be able to heal, stun enemies, etc. The concern stems from the enemies in the game. you cannot pass pretty much every checkpoint in the game without having killed every enemy present at that point. This can get very tedious at times and is somewhat set up as waves of enemies without actual wave numbers. This gets more annoying near the end when you have seen every type of enemy and know the weaknesses. This game does have great boss battles but they are not as challenging as they seem superficially.The graphics are fantastic and really complement the flashy, retro, and traditional japanese settings. I highly recommend playing this game on max settings. It is worth the FPS drop.This game is relatively expensive at about $40 retail, but I obtained mine during a steam sale where it drops to about $4. GET IT!"
,Recommended,233130,30688592,Posted: 23 March,all,HellYeah2511,Not Bad.
,Recommended,233130,20863421,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Scrubsauce,"I never finished the original 3D Realms Shadow Warrior, but I am still a huge fan of Flying Wild Hog's earlier ""classic"" FPS outting, Hard Reset.  So I had some pretty high expectations going in, the original game had a certain flavor of humor to it that you'd expect from a 90's FPS, and FWH had already proved themselves competent with FPS mechanics and making things look ""OMG PURDYY"" at the same time.  Let me tell you, this new Shadow Warrior delivers.The plot is a bit slow on the rising action, but the later chapters make up for the slow rise to the climax.  Some parts of the characters' backstories were downright confusing in a few of the animated cut scenes, but the further along you get into the game the more it all makes sense, so I can forgive the plot's relatively slow start since you the player know just as much as protagonist Lo Wang.Lo Wang is probably the biggest departure from the original game.  While the Lo Wang of the 90's Shadow Warrior came off to me as loud mouthed, gung-ho, but still good-spritied, this new Lo Wang is a lot more sarcastic and egotistical.  This is not to the game's detriment though, as I feel it ultimately helps set Lo Wang aside from the Duke Nukem's of the 90's and makes him more his own unique, redeemed hitman lead.The game looks gorgeous, make it a point to explore and just take in those set pieces when you aren't in combat during your own playthrough if you pick this up.  Most of the levels look nothing like any of the others in the game, and for a game with such a long campaign its commendable on the part of FWH for not reusing assets ad naseum throughout the campaign.  Like Hard Reset before it, you'll also want to make a point of blowing up everything you can, from fire extinguishers to fuse boxes, it'll all sizzle and spark and look gorgeous with the right GPU.If you enjoyed Hard Reset's fast-paced, Serious Sam style mob spawns, you'll appreciate the enemy lineups in various combat situations you find yourself in.  In addition to the traditional run and gun mechanics of the FPS of yesteryear, Shadow Warrior also introduces a few extra pieces to liven up the experience a bit.  The major addition weapon wise is the katana, which if you haven't seen it in action, go check out a gameplay video right now and come back.  The katana applies a level of gibbery that I think is only rivaled by Killing Floor 2 as of this writing.  In a game full of lovely, explosive weapons I found myself using the katana more than any other weapon because its something so unique and novel to this game that I can't get out of most FPS titles.The other major mechanical layer stacked on top for this game is the various skill trees.  There are three upgradeable areas with different forms of ""currency"", in my first playthrough I could not afford to fill out every upgrade like some titles, so this is much more of a Borderlands style ""you can only fill out certain skill trees before you hit max level"" (though there is no leveling mechanic).  Two of the trees are passive and active skill upgrades, while the third provides the option to upgrade weapons.  This  third tree is how you unlock weapon mechanics from the original Shadow Warrior, like sticky bombs and fire bombs as upgrades for the crossbow and flamethrower respectively.  I built my Wang (yeah, yeah) out as a tank, with mostly health and defensive buffs, but there's plenty of options for whatever your playstyle suits.Shadow Warrior does a lot well, there's not a single thing I can say that it does poorly at, the voice acting is superb and carries the mediocre plot through the lulls in pacing, and the gorgeus graphics and RPG-lite mechanics make it a lot less noticeable.  As an added bonus, you'll also receive the Viscera Cleanup Detail: Shadow Warrior stand-alone game for free, tacking on at least another 1-2 hours of gameplay.  All that being said, I'm really looking forward to the recently announced sequel to this game, and whatever else is next from Flying Wild Hog."
,Recommended,233130,17916380,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Nickelsch,Shadow Warrior comes wih a brilliant grafic. its about a samurai warrior that has been turned on by his own master and try to safe the world and the shadow realm. the lord of the shadow realm trys to take the only one thing that can destroy the shadow beings. the legendary sword that Lo Wang do all he can to find together with a demon called Hoji. the awsome battle between Lo Wang vs. Shadow Demons vs Zilla's Army has begun!
,Recommended,233130,10480267,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,parasight,"At first I thought I was going to be disappointed when I bought this, as some remakes I've played up until now weren't as good as they were to be expected, but I was proven wrong. Then again, it's not really a remake, it's its own game.Hilarity and gore ensues.10/10"
76561198049192070,Recommended,233130,13811099,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Hot Night Beach Knight,"Great game. Love the mix of traditional japanese style and modern weapons and buildings. Fighting tons of enemies and watching them getting shredded to pieces by the katana or the dual machine guns is awesome fun.It has an unexpectedly good story, something I did not think it would.My biggest complaint is the boss battles. They are not challenging at all. Way too easy and rather simply designed. I often found beating large waves of small enemies harder that the bosses. Especially the final boss was a big dissapointment.But otherwise it is a really good game. I would recommend it to everyone who loves japanese swords and architecture as well as to fasn of the modern fps genre."
,Recommended,233130,13750355,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Cotton,"Pros:+ Great quality+ Beautiful asthetics with art and scenery+ Well balanced and enjoyable combat+ Fun and lengthy chapters+ Cool unique enemy skins+ Weapons feel like they actually have weight and power to them+ Stupid and entertaining humor+ Voice acting+ Plentiful skills, powers, and upgrades to allocateCons:- Fall damage. (Your character can fall 50 feet and survive but if you dash off of a 5 foot crate you break your legs)- Repitition. (The puzzles are the same: Find 3 seals, break 3 seals, kill enemies, find more seals to break, etc.)All in all, Shadow Warrior was a lot more than I expected. It delivers very entertaining game content with fast paced combat. If you want to play a sociopathic katana weilding, demon severing badass with cheesy one-liners, then I highly recommend!10/10 would Wang again."
76561198129832037,Recommended,233130,13750232,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,septembro,Old school. Underbart spel. GIllar det mycket. Humorn skadar inte heller ;)
,Recommended,233130,13790021,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Fariel,Pretty funny and entertaining slashing demons all the time using sword and ranged weapons.
,Recommended,233130,13791709,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,dess,"Notable game. Fun, light to play, relaxing.Pros:Good game mechanics (including monster slicing, of course =)Interesting plot, fun dialogsNot bad weaponsGameplay from good to very goodSome (not much really) character/weapon upgradesCons:None so far.And a bit more notes, just personal experience.I don't like key combos in shooters, but there they [alsmost] can be ignored.Steam screenshots for this game really suck. Just see other somewhere."
76561197974396757,Recommended,233130,13817571,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,きつね,"Awesome game , good graphics good gameplay , good fun , this is what "" remakes "" of the classic's should be! , without this game you are half-a-the man you should be."
,Recommended,233130,13671148,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Ballergenetics,wang jokes galore 10/10
,Recommended,233130,238980,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,[TIE]S3BR4,Best FPS of the last couple of years! One of the few must haves....
,Recommended,233130,13671750,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Turd Pilot,Chop em up with a sword. What more could you ask for really.
,Recommended,233130,13674718,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Bearo,"A game that totally throws homage to old school shooters.But in the grandest of ways. It has very feel-good shoting mechanics with plenty of player encouraged exploration, tons of secrets, a actually intriging story, and the side-kick character sounds like hes a couzin of Jessie Eiesenburg.Overall a crazy game thats hella fun and can still be challanging.Also the katana play is redicoulous I feel like that guy in the mirracle blade commercials.10outa10"
,Recommended,233130,13675342,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Toecutter PDX,One of the best FPS's I've ever played. I hope they make another one.-Great visuals-One of the most fun and responsive swords I've ever used in a video game.-Great guns!-Lot's of enemy variations.-Good story.-Very funny.-Great vioce acting!I couldn't find much to complain about.9.5/10
,Recommended,233130,13676984,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,cid1,Game won't start. So wish i could give you a more in depth review than that. Must have been something with the lastest update that screwed things up. It's a shame though buying a classic to enjoy during cristmass and it won't even launch. Don't sell games that won't start. ez money ez lyf.
,Recommended,233130,13701050,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,BoredLion,"A throwback to a previous ""type"" of FPS. Stupid, senseless power fantasy filled with demonic enemies of assorted size that you take out with assorted weapons that make things explode. No character reminding you of your objective every 20 seconds, a colour palette that isn't 90% brown, an egotistical yet amusing protagonist, and retro references everywhere. The plot is thin, but that doesn't matter. Causing a higher demon to entirely explode due to rockets in the face does, and it is stupid, stupid fun.Far more fun than you'd expect, highly amusing. Also looks pretty, graphically"
76561197962966525,Recommended,233130,13701303,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,29a,It's a great old schoolish shooter.
76561198042948550,Recommended,233130,13702663,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Jesse_Z,"Without any doubt, Shadow Warrior, is a great reimagining of the old classic. The game is brutal in many ways, with one-liners reminding us of Duke Nukem. It’s a bit repetitive and some variation wouldn’t kill the mood. Overall it is a good game with a lot of blood and a great fighting system, and the likable, if oafish, story it tells."
76561198104354522,Recommended,233130,13704592,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,FriarTuck102,"Very fun but doesn't provide the depth of modern story driven first person shooters. Besides that, it is very fluid and the sword play and spell system are second to none!"
,Recommended,233130,13677883,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Storm,11/10 will sex again
,Recommended,233130,13678708,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Dalton2K5,"Do you like classic PC FPS games?  Do you like one liners spouted out faster then Duke Nukem?  Do you like slicing hoards of demons to little pieces in fast paced, bloody action?  Of course you do."
,Recommended,233130,13679878,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,"Dr. Feelgood (Ph.D, MD)",Good game. Lo Wang stole my heart and used it to kill things.
,Recommended,233130,13682771,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,KeyQue,"I honestly don't remember the first edition of this game, however it is a good game on his own.Not bad graphics, Interesting story, many easter egg (EASTER...yeah..you'll get it when you will play it), good atmosphere like old duke nukems.I reccomend it"
76561198127765335,Recommended,233130,13656227,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,jackstaman78,"This game is awesome. This guy is awesome. Everything about this game is awesome. This guy has great taste in music. He wants to be a superhero. He has a friendly, sarcastic, funny, demon friend that turns into a mask and attaches it to his belt.  His name is funny. The dialogue in this game is funny. This guy just knows how to be epic. IE: ""Briefcase... Check. Million dollar smile... Check. All ready for school, Ma."" Best video game line ever. ""Mess with the bull, and you'll get the Wang."""
,Recommended,233130,13657184,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,maxbrung,"Great, great, great shooter/melee game that lets you play as you want.  Great comedy with an interesting main character that loves the one liners.  Just pure octane fun."
,Recommended,233130,13662584,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Aletriaras,Really awesome game with nice graphics and nice humor (it got a bit boring though through chapters 4-9 :P)
76561198126939378,Recommended,233130,13773787,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,DeputyGovernorOfSmiles,"well done and extremely fun old school shooter with entertaining sword fights.not sure what Romero back in the day didn't get about it, but Shadow Warrior sure has hell gets it. and all right."
,Recommended,233130,13774718,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,AlphaGremlin,"Lots of fun. Not too short, but doesn't feel dragged out either. Excellent graphics, gameplay doesn't feel awkward. Plot is... there, but nothing special. Engaging enough, but nothing you'll be talking about afterwards."
76561198084269901,Recommended,233130,13185715,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,BloodyStar,One of the most unique shooters I played in a long time. The game is a throw back to old school FPS with more modern design. It has one of the best sword combat I played in a FPS. Shadow Warrior throws hordes of enemies at you with tougher ones encountered in the later levels. You will have different weapons that will be found throughout the game to tear the enemies apart and can be upgraded. There are also special sword techniques and supernatural abilities that can be unlocked including various perks. It also has pretty good physics where you can slash your enemies into pieces.Story is rather straight forward that could have been a lot better. There are some witty humor thrown into the mix. Wang and Hoji are the primary characters of the game. There interaction with each other will explain some of the backstory and why things are happening when your playing. Not much development of other characters. Your encouraged to explore the levels to find money and other thing that will earn you points to upgrade and learn new abilities. There isn't much objectives to do on these levels other than trying to shoot and slash your way through the next chapter. Overall the game is enjoyable and feels satifysing but at times can feel repetitive.
,Recommended,233130,13743483,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Cybered,"Bought the game on a sale, was not disappointed!Not playing much offline games but i had to try it on account of the reviews.Really good graphics, loved the story, really funny humer, great combat and use of environment.Just finished it and i had a blast!Only downside is sometimes it feels like it lack of sound effects and voices in some parts.You should look for secrets (sometimes they are really funny :D) and enjoy the story.I LOVE YOU HOJI! 9/10"
76561198059508396,Recommended,233130,13744126,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,❤s a d b o y s❤,ggwp
76561197999320975,Recommended,233130,13747024,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Villanous,Game was very fun and had some good humor for the most part.
76561198017881099,Recommended,233130,13749626,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Sander,"A great FPS, with fun katana action. It is really satisfying to chop demons into pieces. You can use akimbo PDW, four barreled shotgun and many other cool guns, and obliterate demons. Pluss magic. If you like the sound of that you should definitely buy this."
,Recommended,233130,13765403,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,WarHeroZer,"A must-play game if you are fan of painkiller, serious sam, and moreover bioshock (using special power along with a gun).clear a mob of devils room after room;  face-off huge size boss battle; carry a lot of guns as old school shooter game.There are active/passive skills allow for upgrading (semi skill tree), and weapons upgrading.Awesome slashing melee fighting with skill.Oh, don't forget to watch out ""baneling"" from starcraft 2  :DOnly a few thing that concern me is frame per sec drop while battle. Many people seems to experience this as well.Iron-sight that doesn't map to right mouse button (due to another important usage) and u can't toggle it. However, it just use for more zooming; no recoil reducing, so that's not a big deal.9/10 for me."
,Recommended,233130,13768971,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,SmashBro722,"Although it suffers from some performance hiccups and BLOOM OF A THOUSAND SUNS, this game rewards a small learning curve with tons of insane action and very responsive swordplay. The weapon variety, the boss fights, the enemy layout and level design are top-notch. Finding every secret will keep you replaying through hilarious segues and the story feels fresh in a genre known to be spinning down the drain. This is what Duke Nukem Forever wanted to be.I believe it can be summed up better in my previously found adage: ""Baseball got it wrong. A man with 4 balls can't walk."""
,Recommended,233130,13769045,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Kwisatz-X,"YOU GOT THE TOUCH!YOU GOT THE POOWEEEER!Brilliant and Wangtastic!Great katana and firearm combat with hilarious screenwriting, interesting plot and unforgetable protagonist.The only major downside are boring boss fights. Insane difficulty recommended.A must-play for every shooter\slasher fan."
76561198071508439,Recommended,233130,13761753,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Solid,"Fantastic game. It's a very refreshing title. Classic hack and slash, shoot every motherf*cker in the room combat. Definetly worth a pick up."
,Recommended,233130,13762728,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,[B.n.B] mcbertie,Very Nice Action Adventure........Lots o Challenges......Its great When You get Imto It
,Recommended,233130,13763257,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ThePeoplesTyrant,"If you think you would like a game where the hero is running around chopping dudes to bits, while sing-songing ""Chopping dudes to bits!"", this is the game."
,Recommended,233130,13736201,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,~J0linar~,"Now after playin a couple hoursi have to say am really lovin the game, it looks great and is worthy to be called Shadow Warriror.There are not many games these days i would consider playin thru, SW is one i will enjoy slicin my way to the end, actua llyi cant see any cons and even if, i wouldnt dare to say a thing as the atmosphere and gameplay fits perfectly together."
76561198051376892,Recommended,233130,13736434,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,FECK OFF,A game that is just pure fun
,Recommended,233130,228771,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Janskis,Pure awesome! Swordplay capable of rivaling Dark Messiah
,Recommended,233130,11179187,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Tygaar,"It's a great game. Even though it has a more modern game, it still has that classic gameplay feel of really fast paced combat, it's a great reboot of Shadow Warrior, there has been quite a bit of reboots for some franchises that weren't too great. It's very a fun game to play."
,Recommended,233130,13314248,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Blasko,"Pros:One of the better FPS that remains true to the genre's roots in action, adventure, and lot's of guns an upgrades. It featuers a pleathora of weapons like rocket launchers, machine guns, and the most fun weapon in my opinion, the katana. The level design is fairly varied, but if you're expecting open world this is not the game for you. It is very linear with some braching paths to look for ammo and secrets. This really isn't an issue though, I still found the levels very fun to explore.The games story is actually very worthy of praise, it caught me off guard with some of it's twists and goes far above and beyond most modern FPS storys. It is a dark fantasy setting which fits the nature of the conbat perfectly. Lo Wang and Hoji have great snarky lines to one another and have great voice acting to boot. The script if overall pretty solid for both of the characters.Collectibles are plentiful and really fun to find. I spent a great deal of time exploring the levels looking for them. If you like colecting stuff, this game has it in spades.ConsThe combat can be a bit repetitive at times, and if you don't like it from the start you probably will not enjoy the rest of the game. however if you do enjoy it there is plenty of it and a pretty decent variety of enemies.The number one issue with this game though, is the instant death triggers. falling in water, falling a semi high height, these deaths are incredibly frustrating and can make the game really unenjoyable to play.Overall. a wonderful game that I whole heartedly reccommed to any FPS/Adventure fan."
,Recommended,233130,13325713,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,pacxel,Nice.good game hard but goodlove the gore and that 70 stile grindhouse lookgota love the wang
,Recommended,233130,13188429,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Papi SideBurnz,Love this game to death. But. I found a glitch on chapter two where you can't see the walls and floor in most parts and it so annoying because I can't fix it. If anyone knows whats going on please comment/message me.
,Recommended,233130,13189418,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,xsagaroth,EPIC
,Recommended,233130,13190066,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Dinosore Ass,"A grand old revitalization of a 1997 Classic. Lo Wang is back, and with slightly less racist jokes this time.Piting the player against an army of demons and gunmen alike, Shadow Warrior retains exactly what made the original good, while improving upon what it didn't.Pros:Lo Wang- A cocky, 80's action movie-style hero. Wang is back to kick♥♥♥♥♥ lob limbs, and toss the occasional one-liner. While some may not find his lack of racist jokes appealing, he seems to be the perfect balance between old and new, and bald.Combat- As your first weapon is (of course) a katana, you'll find most enemies will go down faster than a bowling ball down an elevator shaft simply swinging your lethal piece of steel at them. Bullets work when you need some distance, but each slash and the flying limbs that accompany it can't be matched.Exploration- Much as linearity has become second highest on the ""Hate list"" (aside from microtransactions), SW proves that exploration is not only fun, but rewarding. Most ""Secrets"" (over 100 of them) are found simply by looking around, and contain either money or karma for upgrades. Good feature.Visuals- While visuals may not make a game, FWH did a fantastic job of making the enviroment feel real. Each map is eye-candy in and of itself, but wait until everything is dead before taking it in, it'll cost ya.Difficulty- Rarely is difficulty a pro in a game, but SW proves to know exactly where the sweet spot is. Enemies don't down you in a single hit, but they also don't chip away at your health like scraping off paint with a fork. Enemies do about as much damage as you'd imagine they do. Harder difficulties however maintain the same level of difficulty you'd expect from most games.Cons:Wave Rooms- Oh boy, this fun trope that games seem to love adopting. This game has a few (maybe 3 or 4 in total) rooms that simply throw tougher and tougher mobs at you. Can they be handled? Yes. Is it kinda silly in a game about exploration? Also yes.Only-one-way Enemies- I know I'm cherrypicking; but having enemies that can only be taken down by only one weapon in a game that gives you 9 different weapons, limiting the options seems kinda weird. Especially since the few enemies that do adhere to this are the hardest ones, nice.I'll try to avoid giving this game a number, mostly because I think that's just plain stupid. But I will say I'd recommend this game. Now go out, and show them who's the bigger Wang."
76561198146777006,Recommended,233130,13201999,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,DEVILMAN_86,"a great game,fun and all round epicness a must own"
76561198049235247,Recommended,233130,13204143,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,crusader8,This game is great. The devs put their hearts and souls into it and it shows. This is how a remake should be done. Please do  a remake for Blood. :)
76561198005820922,Recommended,233130,7316260,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Earth Rocker,"Oh my goodness, this is badass! A reboot of a forgettable game, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is awesomesauce! Fantastic combat with an emphasis on the katana, the guns are nonetheless meaty and useful. Really, if you like FPS games then this needs to be in your collection- simple as that."
,Not Recommended,233130,13206020,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Mintpuppet55349,this game looks garbage and plays all dizzy wow back of the bus
76561198010288181,Recommended,233130,13206169,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Kaikuma,"The usual hack and slash formula, but with a little something extra.Sometimes interesting and usually funny characters and dialogue keep you interested throughout the recycled combat, which doesn't feel too bad considering all the abilities and weapons you can use.All in all, a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,233130,13247247,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Siege,"Having just completed the game last night, the thing thatstillcomes to mind first is:""Uhhhhh... Wow.""This game was pretty well everything I could have reasonably expected it to be, and still managed to be unreasonably good for what it was. In review, I docked extremely minor points for:(disclaimer: I'm a texture artist and game developer)A few particle/texture/lighting effects that could have been a bit better done.The fact that it was designed primarily for consoles (though to be entirely fair it is a very solid port, but was still clearly not developed first and foremost for PC).A fair focus on a melee system that isn't Rocksteady's Batman... but then, what else is? Being entirely serious, the overall combat isn't bad at all,but, the game puts a fair emphasis on the sword (how often you use it, how many of its abilities you use) in the way you progress and the way in which it rates your performance after a combat and while it's certainly notbad, it's not Batman: Arkham*, andstrictly in terms of the meleeit comes up a little short, but only in comparison to the Batman: Arkham-series of games. Otherwise, as a shooter, it's pretty darn solid, and better than many I've played, and the variety of both sword techniques as well as weapons - and their many upgrades - keeps combat from being boring.A few minor nits and picks not worth really counting out, most of which really amount to ""things I might have done differently had I been the lead developer and had all the time and money in the world to do it however I wanted.""When it comes down to it, this was all the game I could have asked for it to be, and it genuinely surprised me with its story and gameplay, particularly for an FPS console port. I frankly feel like I stole it for the price I paid on the Steam Exploration sale, and can but hope that this review does it enough justice to garner the developer more sales for a title that more than lived up to the spirit of the original.9/10Would buy for 4x or 5x what I paid for it - at least - had I known I was going to turn out to be a genuinely enjoyable game through and through."
,Recommended,233130,13230736,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Promisha,"Now THIS is how you reboot a franchise - not the awful mess that was Duke Nukem's most recent outing. The 2 core characters and the fast paced shooting from the original Shadow Warrior returns in this genuinely funny and entertaining piece. New Lo Wang is younger and not an old guy / ridiculious asian stereotype (other than a bit of the 'Engrish' accent). If you look for the many little secrets that are always stashed away in the old school shooters, you can even find little throwback areas to the original game and most of them even use the old school textures.All the weapons feel distinctly different and handle great, the katana is fantastic and few things come close to a good killing spree with it. You can use money you find laying around the levels to upgrade weapons which lets you upgrade the weapons you enjoy. Each weapon has 3 upgrades with 1 being fairly more expensive but more powerful than the nice little bonuses the other upgrades usually give - these powerful upgrades include dual weilding PDW's, cowboy style revolver shooting, or shooting all the barrels on the shotgun at once. They are nice way to make the weapons feel different from their counterparts and feel reasonably stronger as the game progresses.There's an also an XP system that rewards fighting with varied weapons, accuracy and quick killing to spend on upgradeable perks that provide new techniques, enhances your current abilities or provides little stat bonuses such as increased health or more ammo on pick ups.Also out in the world to find are crystals which you use to unlock and upgrade Ki powers. These are helpful but nothing too fantastic. But the combination of weapon and ability upgrades allow you to focus on your playstyle - I focused on upgrading the pistol and PDW first while buffing up my healing ability and survivability and it helped ALOT with boss fights and large swarms of enemies.The nice thing about this over the original aside from the combat improvements, is the story. Last time it was basically Zilla bad, kill him. This time around we have 2 antagonists, a strange (and damn funny) ally, and a bit of a mystery as to why events are happening. It manages to make Lo Wang much more likeable - he's still a smart aleck♥♥♥♥♥kicker, but with a slightly more human and genuine personality.My only two complaints are:(1) I wish there was just a tiny bit more enemy and boss variety. Off the top of my head you got 2 kinds of basic demons, 2 kinds of gross lady demons, some weak flying ones, 2 kinds with shields, yakuza thugs, big buff demons, a lurpy demon that revives weak ones, big pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ones with a weak spot on the back, and ones that blow up. About a dozen types - which to be fair is more than the original game. As for bosses they consist of a large arena style room where you shoot a weakspot until a vital point is exposed. A couple have a little puzzle or trick but nothing that stood out as vastly different. There's constant supplies dropping on the perimiter of the boss rooms too, so don't expect to die on a boss unless you're playing a harder difficulty.(2) The zoom mechanic on guns is just plain yucky. Rather than hold the right mouse button the standard button is the X key which felt akward to hold and move at the same time. The RMB was reserved for alternate firing on weapons. I was able to deal with this buy putting the alternate input for the zoom as one of the extra buttons on the side of my mouse.Whether on sale or even for the full 40$ it's a pretty solid package worth playing. As someone who absolutetly destroyed the first game, on normal difficulty it took about 8 hours to clear. But it's worth playing through again on the harder difficulties to unlock even more stuff and find more secrets.Did I mention the steam version comes with a little Shadow Warrior Themed demo of Viscera clean up detail? it does :P"
76561198054121069,Recommended,233130,13247661,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Sword2Soul,"Decent sword slasher with some fun dialogue, a decent story, and some kick♥♥♥♥♥battles."
,Recommended,233130,13248330,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,OVERTIME,This♥♥♥♥♥♥is awesome
76561198071082172,Recommended,233130,13253190,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,kain.r,"Good game, I enjoy it a lot. Lo Wang is the best 3D action hero ever!"
76561198141230259,Not Recommended,233130,13242261,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,[29A] Hisoka,"so much♥♥♥♥♥♥i have to go through, tons of bugs in the main menu, i could not go past the main menu bugs and crashes so i gave up...WASTE OF MONEY DONT BUY!"
,Not Recommended,233130,13243424,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Maverick,"Runs surpisingly poorly, even on low settings.Guns don't feel powerful and are more accessories than weapons. Really a mediocre game. Kind of fun for the ridiculousness, but hard to play since the performance is so bad on PC."
,Recommended,233130,13454586,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,lelkenrod,it's okay
,Recommended,233130,13456978,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Jacob the Loofah,"Absolutely perfect. The fighting is incredibly enjoyable from the first moment and doesn't stop being amazing. The dialogue is great, even really funny at times, and it makes the characters all the more enjoyable. Non-stop action with ots to offer for humor. Also not too many♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes, just enough. 10/10"
76561198017879826,Recommended,233130,13474898,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Todopor2leros,I enjoyed every second of this.
,Not Recommended,233130,17880178,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,crumpled666,"I don't know which is worse, the dull gameplay or the terrible dialogue.I was really excited to see that a Shadow Warrior reboot was release but within twenty minutes I began to dislike the game. The gameplay is dull, boring, and too lengthy. The game also doesn't know whether or not to take itself seriously, placing dumb one liners around every corner but at the same time trying to have a deep story.Also, when you run down the stairs you die instantly.If you are looking for 14 hours of absolutely NOTHING then go ahead and BUY this game. If you'd rather invest your money elsewhere, either in a good game or in the bank or paying your bills, then DO NOT buy this game."
,Recommended,233130,17858266,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Throwing Rocks at the Homeless,"A sleeper hit with deceptively concept level design. There is stuff hidden all over the game that you wouldn't even think to look for. This game has some of the most fun combat in any game I have played. The game gives you a variety of weapons, but you're only going to use the Katana because it is dopest. Also Lo Wang appears to drive a 270Z. So that's pretty cool, too."
,Recommended,233130,17871462,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Snupas,You got the touch!You got the power!
76561197978843039,Recommended,233130,17872071,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,s[i]c,WHO WANT SOME WANG :P
,Recommended,233130,18078600,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Persian Sphinx,"Shadow Warrior was a great game.The best part of the game was the plot and the setting of it. Absolutely enjoyed the soundtracks and the beautiful Japanese landscapes and decoration.The mechanics and the controlls were good, but annoyed me sometimes. really annoying when you have to double press a move button and then an activation one for a special move and then lose all your ammo because the game didn't quite catch your double tap. I did finish the game quite fast though, so I suppose that wasn't too much of a problem.Would definitely recommend this game, it was real fun. Challenging at times and easy at others. Funny jokes and amusing easter eggs. Really connected to Hoji. I quite liked him."
,Recommended,233130,18079427,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,creepyzebra,"This game rocks! It's exactly what I was looking for. It's fun, it's humorous and the art style is great. This is the kind of thing that AAA games have forgotten. This game has heart."
,Recommended,233130,18134159,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,StrokeMan,Pinned a demon to the wall then hacked him into bits just because.
,Recommended,233130,18168625,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,JovanTheYugo,"+Really fun hack n' slash / first person shooter+Doesn't take itself too seriously+Brutal and bloody+Solid level up system+Really fun swordplay+Collectibles for replayability-The game tends to throw droves of enemies at you at once, can be ridiculous at times-Story is really confusing at times, and can be weak in certain plot areas-Boss battles are a bit unexciting"
,Recommended,233130,13026473,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Zagcizes,"Great Spiritual Successor to the Original Shadow Warrior wiht continous humour from the protangist and side characters, Fighting system is solid with a technology to progress and upgrade yourself, and plently of Gore. Good story with a nice 12-14 campaign time. Highly recommend as this game has very enjoyable combat and all round gameplay!10/10 Great Game! Get it now!If you want to watch Gameplay! you can watch it herehttps://youtu.be/viRLK4pP8Cg"
76561198005824935,Recommended,233130,2330412,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,SUPREME FORMALDEHyDE,"Ow sheet, the greatest remake I've ever seen"
,Recommended,233130,12225230,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Knight-Captain Biscuit,
,Recommended,233130,12228182,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Matakage,"Make no mistake, this is a AAA title. With it's super fast, responsive, and varied gameplay elements, it's one of the best single-player FPS games on the market. I paid around $10 for it, but after playing it and knowing how good it is, I would have gladly paid $40."
,Recommended,233130,7484139,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,AAsama,"Its like a good old fashioned first person shooter, but modernized to have everything you would expect except THIS one is very well paced. You can even melee for most of the game if you want, besides the odd fliers its a perfectly viable choice.Humor can get alittle cringe, but mostly its pretty great if you excuse the terrible puns and Wang references.As damn near perfect as you can get when basing it off of an old classic."
,Recommended,233130,12392943,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,t_gon,"Just like old times...Return to one of the 3D legend of last century succeeded perfectly. Brutal, fast and fun as hell (the main duo Lo Wang and Hoji should get their own movie). What more can ask a old school FPS player in modern ""quick-corridor"" time?"
,Recommended,233130,7467960,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Ddragallis,"This turned out to be a lot more than I expected, and I was pleasantly surprised to discover richly detailed maps, confoundly secret secrets, and a whole lot of breaking the crap out of stuff.  Oh yeah, and a little sword play.  And by a little, I mean tons of gratifying dismemberment of unruly and deserving baddies.  Loved every second of it."
76561198040469947,Recommended,233130,11765177,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Clenchingowl31,"You mess with the bull, you get the Wang."
76561198012802380,Recommended,233130,11765198,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,shangrila,"This is a homage to older school FPS games, for sure, but this is just a flat out great game. It's well designed and well written with a good amount of content and fun mechanics. There isn't much to hate here and oh so much to love.Buy it, you won't be disappointed."
76561197970304579,Recommended,233130,11762217,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Goalies Rule,"Fun. Thats how I'd describe this game. Much more old school FPS with waves of enemies here and there, but it has a spin on it because not only you could use your guns, you can also melee with your sword and combos. The sword melee involves special moves/combos using WSAD that are fairly easy to pull off and are quite powerful. So it's quite easy to mix it up during the killing sprees.Intertwine a pretty good story with the gameplay and this games a winner. Lots of secrets to find that are a throwback to the original Shadow Warrior. Good graphics too.Not a totally mindless game, but once again Flying Wild Hog has released another surprisingly fun game just like Hard Reset was. If you liked that, you'll surely like this."
,Recommended,233130,11517251,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Goromi,"EPIC GAME DO YOU LIKE BLOOD,GORE,GUTS,SWORDS AND ACTION?............no WELL WHO CARES THIS GAME IS ONE OF THE BEST ACTION GAMES IVE EVER PLAYED ALL THE GAME CREATERS OUT THERE YOU SHOULD LEARN A THIMG OR TWO FROM THE CREATERS OF THIS GAME 10/10"
,Recommended,233130,11520460,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,SELLING CRACK HMU,"lovely game, beautiful graphics  9/10"
,Recommended,233130,3810429,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,◢◤Mmaster116,"Well worth the 8 hours of gameplay I put into on the first 2 days of it's release, funny lines, silly things, upgrades 'n♥♥♥♥♥♥Very fun game indeed."
76561198008629902,Recommended,233130,11667028,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,fideo,I got a bloody nose while playing this game
76561197975171803,Recommended,233130,11681995,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,project17,nice remake of a classic well done job lots of action well none stop action blood body parts flying all over the place recommend
76561197971450461,Recommended,233130,11674337,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Leto Tha Sec0nd,This game is the best in bringing you melee first person action ! Slaughtering with the katana is so much fun and gives tons of satisfaction that makes you forget you can use ranged weapons as well. Most fun in this genre I've had in a long while !
76561198011060120,Recommended,233130,11742407,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,jaXon,"A whirlwind of katana, uzis, demonic powers, sexually ambiguous punch lines in reference of the male genitalia and body parts - in all its gloriously near-perfect made canvas of a game10+/10"
,Recommended,233130,11747663,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Vrayment,"Not as hard as the studio previous work (Hard Reset), but is pretty fun to play. The guns are a little underpowered but the katana makes up for this along with the ""skills"" and ""powers"".The thing that impressed me more is the game actually delivers a story that might seem flat and irrelevant, a mere excuse to deliver a hight action FPS, but the last five minutes actually give depth to everything you have made and you end wanting to cry.Great game"
76561197969558002,Recommended,233130,11747737,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,MADDOG_TH,This is a fun game
,Recommended,233130,11717788,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Skull,"I have been playing shooters my whole life, since I were a wee little lad and the original doom stole my heart. I must make it clear that I have played hundreds if not thousands of shooters over the years, and this is in my top 5 of all time. I'm really surprised its not higher rated with critics. Sure, the story isn't exactly deus ex, but that's not why you're here. You're here to have fun blowing things up and slicing them to bits, and this is some of the most fun I've ever had in an FPS. The sword combat was SO FUN I used it almost exclusively throughout the game. The sound effects are great, the music is dramatic and fun, the graphics are super pretty, its got enough of a story to keep you curious but really, its all about the action, and this has action out the wazoo. seriously, 9/10, absolutely DELIGHTFUL."
76561198099873113,Recommended,233130,11698079,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,jimmy1k,classic jokes. easy going good fun.
76561198041420411,Recommended,233130,16148947,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Glenjamin,easily one of the best hack & slash/ shooters ive played in years. the story was good the weapons were good the character development was good....my only complaint would probably be the boss battles and basic they were i.e. shoot the weakspot til baddy goes boom.all around the main character is enjoyable and the snarky demon only talks in specific places so it doesnt get annoying easily 10/10
,Recommended,233130,16131532,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Buttwo,GOT A LOT FREE TIME? GETTING BORED? BUY AND SLASH THE ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DEMONS
76561198002111386,Recommended,233130,2090031,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Vor Atreides,"Having so much fun with this game . FPS with excellent melee has you fighting ,slicing and destroying demons. + its old school . recommended for all fans of the aforementioned or just people who want to relax and have fun!!!!"
,Recommended,233130,16213183,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Viravax,"I really enjoyed this game. It was just a fresh breath on the FPS market in my opinion and overall a blast to play in general. However, there are a few things that got on my bad side.- Berserkers. I hate them. I don't like them. They weren't hard, just really annoying.- The Boss fights seemed a little too easy, I felt like the waves of enemies you have to fight are a bit harder than the actual bosses themselves, but I might chalk that up on the difficulty.- There's a weird glitch with the dash that sometimes if you did it on stairs or down a small slope, you'll die instantly.- Parts of the game will feel extremely repetitive and a bit boring to go through, which made it hard for me to finish this in a few sittings becuase I would get bored.- Turret sections. Not a lot of them, but they are prevalent.- The shield enemies. Annoying, but not hard either.That's really it that got me negatively. I will tell anyone that if you are an average gamer or better, I definitely recommend you play higher than Normal because I only died 10 times through the entire game and only 3 of them were actual deaths and the other ones are chalked up to accidental deaths with the dashing glitch. Other than that, it was a blast.- Looked great- Sounded great- Great story and gameplay mechanics- Loved the characters (especially Hoji)- Really loved the mini easter eggs like the arcade machines in the game, I thought those were neat.- All the weapons and powerups were really innovative and great and I enjoyed all of them.All in all, Shadow Warrior has some minor things about it that irked me, but nothing that took me away from a great experience and a fantastic game. It sells for $40 as of today (6/5/15) and I would honestly say wait for maybe a small discount or so because I personally just think its a bit much since you can buy the PS4 version for about 20 bucks at the stores. But, anyway you can get this game, highly recommend you do so.Rating: 8/10"
76561198119406515,Recommended,233130,16366827,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,its0nlym1ne,Excellent game. High dificulty level is my recomendation. You miss a lot of fun with medium level because you don't need all capabilities to succeed in game.
,Recommended,233130,16383227,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,lakylog (✿ =‿‿=),"Fun game, but can be exhausting in long sittings due to the nature of the game being constantly killing things in closed off rooms. Weapons and level design are nice. ♥♥♥♥ Berserkers."
,Recommended,233130,16428631,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Spilla',great game
76561198045708107,Recommended,233130,16428763,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Booty Warrior,Amazing game with an amazing main character. Pick this up if you want some eastern themed carnage.
,Recommended,233130,16416397,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,cyberCitrus.exe,"Why, yes. I do want some Wang."
,Recommended,233130,16431863,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Turtlenado,One of the best games I have ever played!
76561198082357639,Recommended,233130,16434708,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Symmetry,"Amazing game, totally worth the money! Grab it now!"
76561198049260630,Recommended,233130,16418550,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,TheGamingMetalHead,PLAY IT CAUSE TIS AWESOME!!!:3
76561198000782452,Recommended,233130,7825828,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,feesees4gzus,Just the fact that developers have returned to this game and the character of Lo Wang impresses the hell out of me.
,Recommended,233130,7299362,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Nikuhodai,"Not only captures the old-school feel, but thoroughly reinvents it and improves upon it in nearly every way, getting all the important bits right enough to produce an extremely compelling and well-executed overall experience. When all that also comes with a lower than normal price tag, picking this up is an absolute no-brainer. Go get it. Now.Mindless fun but also littered with clever humor, it's a throwback to an older era of games but with nice gameplay improvements that avoids most (but not all) sources of frustration while keeping a nice level of challenge. On top of this is a well-written story that provides a nice backdrop and framing, but never overstays its welcome or detracts from the intensity of the gameplay.  This game is about feeling, not thinking.Graphics are nice enough with a distinct style and environments range from fairly boring to intensely atmospheric. Water effects are a bit of a letdown and level design is a bit heavy on the back-tracking, but overall levels are fairly engrossing, no doubt helped along by the sheer amount of things you can blow up in spectacular ways. Music and sound design is very good.In conclusion, it's a game that doesn't really aim for excellence of triple-A production value in any particular aspect, but everything is ""high enough"" quality and fits together really well into something that oozes style and fun.  It does have some bugs and rough edges, but this game is something you do not want to miss out on."
,Recommended,233130,16422676,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Big Mang Lang,You want some Wang?
76561198031237499,Recommended,233130,16423517,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Main Man Maroon,"Kill big demon, pick up his head, kill other big demon with head. Who wouldn't recommend?In all seriousness, loads of fun. Like the good old days when FPS games didn't take themselves too seriously, but with better graphics."
76561197970845097,Recommended,233130,16299571,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Boomdoom!,"This game is like taking an action movie, tryin to jam a martial arts movie in it, and then taking out most of the script so only the fun parts are left. I'm also sure if any more people got decapitated they would have to change their rating for some reason."
,Recommended,233130,16299799,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Ｒｉｃｈ　Ｈｏｍｉｅ,"Hey!!! Lo Wang! Oh, wait..."
76561198043879790,Recommended,233130,16301149,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,PPPPPPPP270,The game has great melee combat but is rather overpowered compared to using guns until you get the rocket launcher. Level design is still very linear.The game is hard enough to be enjoyable but most of your deaths will be from falling off a cliff or the extremely damaging fall damage.
76561197987163560,Recommended,233130,16302376,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,farmerbobhack,"Old school action with some updated modern visuals and features. Great game, albeit a little short. THIS is what Duke Nukem Forever should have been."
76561198020332525,Recommended,233130,11016827,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,1stIR_Ssgt_Sharpe,Imagine Duke nukem 3D then Imagine Duke Nukem Forever that wgame was a huge disapointment for a number of reasons i cant write em here theres to many but shadow warrior the awesome fantastic game this game  is what duke nukem forever should have been but this is 3D realms other great   series Shadow warrior buyit its awesome 1000000/10
76561197963436880,Recommended,233130,11018042,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,blood_fx,"Secret rooms, demonic bunnies, and amazing fish physics are just a few of the things to look forward to in this prequel to 3D Realms' 1997 Shadow Warrior. Do you like escorting NPCs, quick-time events, or stupidly long cutscenes with obnoxious political messages? If you answered yes to any of these then you should treat yourself to a real game, like Shadow Warrior!Instead of hiding behind cover, dash around the battlefield like a real man. Instead of using a puny little assault rifle, slice your foes to pieces with a super cool, magic sword. Enemies won't wait for your health to regenerate as you cower behind chest high walls. And best of all, the game won't play itself while you watch from the sidelines!No more feeling awkward about token racial minorities because you are the token racial minority. No more feeling bored because all the weapons feel the same. No more trying to explore a level only to have the game kill you because the game designer is an incompetent bully. Travel into the world of the Shadow Warrior and back to a time when play was the operative word! Wang-tastic!"
,Recommended,233130,11007183,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Goblin Reaper,"Pros:Good story, good gameplay, good art-style, nice feel to kills, funfun secrets everywhere, actual challenges in between difficulty settings, naked girl, HojiCons:Imbalance in damage outputted to enemies even when your damage upgrades are high (this may only be a problem on high diffs), those annoying guys that rush at you and can only take damage from being shot from behind and its very tedious to lure them into a position like that, glitch when controller is plugged in that won't allow you to move with keyboard controls, can't kill naked girlModerate (stuff thats sometimes good, sometimes tedious):Never enough money or ammo around without upgrading both perks to level 2, lengthy missionsRating:8.5/10"
,Recommended,233130,11007880,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,CombatJack,So much fun should be illegal...
,Recommended,233130,11008101,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,spielersun,get it/
76561198077212756,Recommended,233130,11008856,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,IIYOIII,"Excellent slasher/shooter, retro gameplay with great graphics and animation.  Its funny aswell, I don't mean laugh-out-loud funny (though it is occasionally), but the light-hearted dialogue and comic book graphics make the constant brutal violence a lot less grim.  The graphics and mix of melee weapons, firearms and demonic magic really remind me of The Darkness 2.  I like this better except for the lack of online modes (Darkness 2 had great co-op mode).  At this price (7 quid I think) Shadow Warrior's totally worth it.  That is, if you like this kind of thing :)"
,Recommended,233130,11009742,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Squibbs,I love this game.
,Recommended,233130,11010906,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,The Typical 老外,"This game is easily one of the best first persons shooters I have played. Best melee in a first person game, with fun gunplay, and LOTS of things to level up. Youll also laught alot throughout this game."
,Recommended,233130,11062926,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,GIJames,The core elements of this game are essentially perfect. I have no idea why it took me so long to play this.
,Recommended,233130,11043662,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,DictatorSupa,Cut a guy in pieces with a katana 10/10
,Recommended,233130,11046434,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,rudeboy,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is this ever fun.
76561198007127867,Recommended,233130,11160154,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Lekkuen,"Minor Spoilers aheadStory:The game follows an Assassin/Gang enforcer named Lo Wang who has a job to get some sword for his boss, through a simple business trade if possible and through force if not. When the deal falls through it quickly turns to a fight with him versus the entire temple, ending up with him captured and more details about the sword revealed. He breaks free of his captors and ends up bonded with a demon named Hoji as the two travel across Earth and the spirit plane to collect the rest of the sword and stop a demonic invasion/get back to his boss.From a pure narrative standpoint Shadow Warrior is mostly mediocre a mostly standard the world is under attack so the hero must fight his way through and save it/restore things. There are a few shining exceptions though each time you are about to face a boss you have to destroy a golem that contains their memory in order to warp to them. When you do you are shown a beautifully drawn graphic novel sequence detailing the bosses origin, they are narrated well and very well written while being just the right length and spread out far enough to not overstay their welcome. Another good point is that it doesn't bog you down with needless scenes and exposition like many other games with similar plots, you learn what you need to know as you need it and it never slows down your progress or action.The true strength of the story however are the characters. Lo Wang and Hoji are some of the best characters of recent years. With Lo Wang a comic book and action movie obsessed anti hero who spends half the game making up one liners on the spot, and even stopping to do things he feels make him seem cool like shaving his head. There are even points in the games where he sings You've got the touch, and Eye of the tiger. He's an all around funny dude, who likes making jokes about his own name and feeling like a badass.Hoji is basically a troll, spending half the game mocking Lo Wang and tricking him into setting himself up for jokes as well as poking fun at genre conventions in the kind of story they are in. He spends alot of time♥♥♥♥♥♥talking the enemies as well, and both him and Wang really are able to convey the sort of things gamers feel at a tough boss or when they pull off an epic move with plenty of cursing and thrashing the competition. That said he can be really sinister as well as dramatic when need be, and the final scene with him may be on the greatest monologues in gaming.Over all I'd say an average story with great characters and some of the best dialogue in gaming, making the times not fighting well worth it.Visuals:The Visuals are sort of a mixed bag, mostly because the human models aren't all that great and the few times you see Lo Wang's whole body it not always being that clear. They are an indie studio so I won't be too harsh on them, but it does stand out since the Environments are sometimes gorgeous with a nice colorful array of locales and diverse textures making every area feel very unique and well designed. The effects and animations are top notch, from the great looking Tarantino styled blood sprays to the very real feeling enemy movements. You can shoot and slice off limbs and the enemies react accordingly, the tougher enemies slowly show damage as you wear them down, and the bosses show light looking through from the bullet holes you put in their armor as you fire (or if you use the bow you can literally cover them with arrows). Great Effects, environments, and animations held slightly back by dated models.Sound:I'm not a super sound snob so I can't give an expert opinion but I thought the sound was great over all with the music simply good.Gameplay:Moving is sharp and works just fine, I never felt I was robbed out of a dodge or the game cheated me when I tried to jump over something, if I timed it I would do it. If you are good enough you could never get hit by an enemy the movement controls work that well.The gunplay works as well as any good fps with the ability to dodge and running around quickly always keeping you mobile. There really aren't many areas where you can take cover, instead you gaining chi abilities where with a quick key combo you can block projectiles or heal yourself making a nice compromise and keeping with the mystical theme.  There are a solid variety of guns ranging from a simple magnum to rocket launcher, smgs, four barreled shotguns, flame throwers, and grenade mounted crossbows. Each of these can be upgraded with an in game currency gaining secondary effects as well as simply becoming stronger. With the upgrade system each guns stays viable the entire game so much that in later fights I found myself switching to the early guns and pulling through due to their specific advantages.  Ammo is pretty plentiful outside of the rocket launcher so you never really have to worry about conserving your ammo.  Firing them feels great with each having the appropriate recoil and very visible effects on the enemies they hit.  You are even capable of using your healing spell while firing your gun, if you are ok with the slight perspective change.While the gunplay is cool the game is all about the sword which is controlled with other the triggers or the two mouse buttons.  One trigger does a quick swing the other a slower more powerful one that can be charged, you control the specific direction with the analog or mouse and you control which way you pull the sword with your movement buttons.  There is no block button which seems weird at first but the game is all about making you feel like a badass modern samurai so instead of blocking you have to time your swing right to parry or dodge past and take advantage of the opening. The sword play is damn near perfect, the angles and movement always went where I wanted even when using the quick slashes and you have unlockable chi moves that allow new avenues of attack with a quick and simple combos.  The sword is your great asset as you can easily hack through enemies if you are skilled at the game, every slice cutting right through limbs and throats of lesser enemies and slowly tearing at away at the body of the tougher foes. The sword isn't a simple button press and do a thousand combos either, it has real weight to it if you swing hard you have to go through with it, if you swing quick you have to actually follow up in the right direction.  Hit a durable foe and your sword recoils back, hit flesh and you feel it go through.  The combination of sound design and animation go perfectly with a great sense of control. By the end of the game I truly did feel like a sword master and I didn't need cut scenes or dialogue to tell me that, as I ran down the path to the final boss literally cutting hordes of enemies to pieces without taking damage (this wasn't a scripted scene, your sword really tears people a part as you get better at the game and further into it) to the point where you can take the final boss who is much larger then you in a legit sword fight, with no qtes or bs just flat out aiming right and being good, the sword slowly hacking through his armor (and showing the marks)From spinning around and slicing 12 heads off with a single blow, to sending giants flying with a single sword thrust all in raw un-scripted gameplay. Shadow Warrior delivers the best 1st person melee I've ever played and maybe the best sword fighting in any perspective.Shadow Warrior gets a9/10from me, only held back by some slightly outdated character models and a narrative that doesn't fully match the great characters and dialogue within. If you play this game you will leaving feeling like a sword master through pure real time gameplay alone and not lengthy hands free animations or cut scenes, something that many games struggle with really conveying."
76561197993330943,Recommended,233130,11165285,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Banzai,"A surprisingly fun game given reviews were less than kind at times.  It has all the ingredients promised to make a great throwback style FPS, that keeps to its roots, courtesty of a wise cracking,♥♥♥♥♥kicking ninja warrior, battling hordes of enemies, litterally cutting them to pieces or blasting them to bits.The upgrade system is decent for an FPS, serving to slowly introduce you to some of the more complex moves for your sword and guns, and granting more mystical powers like throwing enemies around or healing yourself.There's plenty of room to explore and find 'secret' stashes of gear (ammo), karma (xp) and money (weapon upgrades).  Again, this keeps to the style of the original Shadow Warrior released in the 90's. In fact, there's more than one easter egg in the game re-using the old school graphics of the original game for a small section of the map.All in all, the game takes about 15 hours to knock over on normal difficulty, and if you can pick the title up for under $15 you're probably getting your moneys worth for a solid single player game with a satisfying storyline, great graphics, and plenty of laughs, kills and spills."
,Recommended,233130,11197458,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Thogin[GZ],"he Shadow Warrior Experience: I have read a few reviews about this before I bought it on sale.  The common theme was “90’s shoot them up” and I feeling wash over me.  I don’t know how to describe it, it is the feeling of knowing you have experienced this before but lost the memory.  To the older readers I would say it is close to drinking excessively.I played this game on insane difficultly not because I want to show off, but because I believe games design in this generation hold your hands just a little too much and a little too long, like that uncle you are not suppose to be alone with.We start the game driving down a road looking for a sword.  “Wang” the protagonist, I swear was dark skin male character acting like a Japanese rapper gangster.  The premise of playing this character was to me amazing.  However this refreshing mix of characteristics is vanillafied once you grab hold of a weapon.  Your character’s hand became white and starts to hack people into bloody pieces.The game pretty much continues down this path of throwing increasing amounts of enemies at you as you progress.  Your power demon powers or whatever is crazy powerful.  Even on insane with your powers you can pretty much one shot or two shot enemies besides the bosses.The one refreshing aspect of this game was the way it told the back story of the gods and why they were in conflict with each other, leading to the reason why you are looking for swords.  The back story is told through pictures draw in the style of graphic novels with a bit of stock movement.  It is very colorful and a welcome relieve from the untold demons and enemies you cut up to get to that point.Like binge drinking, you start with one glass, or one shot and mid-way through you know you are in trouble but you can’t stop yourself.  This game is fun for the first hour or two but once it gets pass that point you are just doing it to finish the game.  There are only a few types of enemies that the game throws at the player and after a few hours the player will chop up the same digital demons over and over again.  You pretty much become a line cook.  Guns are available but they are useless or ineffective compare to your sword.  The only place the game forces gun usage is in boss fights because sword can’t swing that high.This game is supposed to be designed like a shooter in the 90’s for that I take a bow.  However I did not see the point of taking the bad elements of a FPS from the 90’s and consciously putting them in as the core game design.  After I finished this game is like waking up with a massive hangover and a nude women much uglier then you can remember next to you.  Why in the world did you put yourself through that, because we are humans.  For me maybe it was nostalgia to remember the days of old where life was simple and gaming had the excitement of laying your first chick.  But sadly the days of old are filled with things like trying to find doors and objects with no directions, gating until you kill ever monster, pacing issues, bad jokes, and it just repeats for the next 18.8 hours."
76561197973247188,Recommended,233130,11366353,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Wyatt Earp,Ideal to hack and slash trough in 3days!
76561198041224049,Recommended,233130,11395746,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Nem,"I've wanted a game like this for as long as I have played the FPS genre, Elderscrolls gave us a little bit of fun melee FPS but this game takes the cake."
76561197996417812,Recommended,233130,10899237,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,IIJoWieII,Really good game for a really good price. Up to part 2 :)
76561198116194065,Recommended,233130,8398116,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,PeEZuS,Best game soo far!!! A MUST BUY IF YOU LOVE GORE
,Recommended,233130,11471980,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,TheMaytagMan,The best Single player fps I have played since half life 2.  9/10 buy it now.
,Recommended,233130,11093259,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,azninja30,"Cheesy one liners, wang jokes out the♥♥♥♥♥ swordplay mixed with old school game mechanics....YEAH this is a game that will make you giggle on the inside and if you like mutilating hordes upon hordes of demons with a katana then this game is a match made in heaven for ya.I'd give it 5/5 wangs."
,Recommended,233130,8207206,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Miyuni,"This game is like Warhammer 40K Space Marine's brutalness mixed with the nice melee mechanics of Chivalry. Plus,  the levels are many and long with plenty of secrets to find. The humor adds a nice break between each fight, and during. Overall, It's one of the best single player games I've ever played"
,Recommended,233130,8207223,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,kendallsg,"This game is aboslutey fantastic if you like dismembering bodies, blood, and general gore.  I like all of those things."
76561198057904736,Recommended,233130,8207760,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,brutaldamage,This game is like eating children.It's addicting and once you start it's hard to stop.
,Recommended,233130,8208833,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,The Carver,"Youv'e got the touch!........You got the Power!!!!!! YEAH!!!! Nuff said. This game makes me enjoy FPS's the way I did growing up.  The humor, over the top gameplay and branching levels with secrets is just what I need to run this game again and agaian."
,Recommended,233130,8209232,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,sphinxozo,"What can I say. It's great ! There is a specific sense of humour like in old good Duke 3d. Game is very dynamic, there are lots of enemies on the same time and is not too easy :)Just slash and kill them all! You don't need to think too much but for sure it's worth to take. I've played moreless 14 hours on normal to finish it."
76561198028597016,Recommended,233130,8209335,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,charlesalexandre.rey,"Shadow Warrior provides a different entertainment that today's FPS.- Life is no more self-regenerating, it has to be activated while sprinting away from the monsters.- The katana is a delicious weapon overpassing any others- The level design is intelligent needing to collect statues to open doors. This often requires to backtrack in the level avoid the corridor effect- Several references (e.g cookies, arcade, ...) are present and makes the link to the original SW- Huge bossesThanks to the developers"
,Recommended,233130,8210158,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Hunter,"An amazing remake of the 1997 Shadow warrior on the unreal engine, fast gunplay, even faster sword play, a brilliant narative with crude and ironic humor. Stunning visuals from the grounds of a temple to the snowed over mountains of Japan.Fully recommended, easily the best shooter this year, old formula FPS action at it's finest, worth every penny"
,Recommended,233130,8210317,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Sacratiel,АРРРсчлененка
,Recommended,233130,8210365,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Zellyn,"Yes. Yessssss. Get on board the crazy train. Have you wanted a bit of a return to insane circle-strafing action, Quake-style? Then yessssssss."
76561198003533787,Recommended,233130,8210538,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Legion51,"Fast, bloody, dark humor, whats not to love. Use your katana to slash through the enemy with a dash of uzi fire in between."
,Recommended,233130,8111111,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Ragnus Lif,"The Good:- Nice graphics- Funny comments- Nice sword gameplay- Blood lots of blood- Make a excellent ""prequel"" of the original game- Great voice acting for Lo Wang and Hoji- Really long game (for a low-price you receive a game with the campaign twice as big of games like BF4 or COD Ghosts)The Bad:- Boss battles are too much the same (open armor - shoot crystal) ad infinitum- Weak soundtrack- Disappointed ending"
,Recommended,233130,8210790,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Kurosolo,"Amazing game, a lot of action, funny one liners, tonnes of guns to upgrade and blast demons apart with. Beautiful maps and interesting characters. No reason not to pick this up."
,Recommended,233130,8211315,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,[SSAY]RagnorakTres,"Wang jokes and ultraviolence are just the skin over this excellent shooter, sporting tight controls and a deceptively complex storyline, as well as a sense of self-awareness that absolutely cannot be rivaled. Definitely my Game of the Year, and highly recommended."
76561197984544286,Recommended,233130,8211888,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,XrayGuy,"Pure old school FPS greatness in a new school package! The level design may not have all the maze like goodness of the original Shadow Warrior, but Flying Wild Hog definitely put the soul of Shadow Warrior into this remake. If you've been looking for an old school FPS experience with modern flare to it, then buy Shadow Warrior now!"
76561198030725683,Recommended,233130,8212187,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,ryleck,"Pretty cool !!! better that i had inspected. Lot of jokes , good graphic, +++ violent, imagine  rise of triad with a sword with more crude humor !!! at 9.99$ its a real gift !!"
76561197998053266,Recommended,233130,8212461,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Ieru,Damned good fun.
,Recommended,233130,8212610,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Xlax,"Hilarious, bloody and action packed, what more could you want"
,Recommended,233130,8212805,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,morang,"It's pretty much Serious Sam crossed with Bulletstorm. You singlehandedly kill comically implausable numbers of enemies at the same time, and you have a big arsenal of awesome weapons and powers to use. The protagonist also has a Serious Sam / Duke Nukem kind of wit. Definitely worth a play if you enjoy those kinds of games (and don't mind singleplayer only)."
76561198049514032,Recommended,233130,8213257,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,moonweasel,"If you're a fan of first-person shooters from a decade ago (Painkiller, Will Rock), try Shadow Warrior. The dialogue is witty, the graphics are smooth, and despite some issues with level design, it's delightfully gory fun."
,Recommended,233130,8221065,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Balthis,Fun and fast oldschool fps
,Recommended,233130,14301772,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,blackhawk_846,"Lo Wang is your typical kick♥♥♥♥♥action hero, almost like the japanese Duke Nukem. But unlike that guy Wang's got an actually interesting story that has a well balance between fart jokes and ancient japenese mythology, to my surprise the backstory actually made me feel some feels :'(. There's also this magic guy named Hoji that follows him around and makes for a pretty funny and compelling sidekick. As for the gameplay I found myself using the katana for almost the entire game, it was pretty satisfying to cut through demon dudes like nothing. Overall this was an awesome take on the 1997 classic."
,Recommended,233130,14363474,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Mark467,Easily the best single player game I have ever played.
76561198154772897,Recommended,233130,14364105,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,The Booty Meister™,If you just want to shoot things to death and listen to witty jokes then this game is right for you.
76561197965237505,Recommended,233130,14175012,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Bodybag109,This game does nearly everything right:  You feel like a badass with your katana;  the story is pretty cool;  the graphics on ultra detail are impressive;  the humour feels right.  Bonus plus: using a severed demon head to kick♥♥♥♥♥Best gaming moment: finishing a massive katana battle and turning to see a sliced-off arm slow-mo spiralling away.Downsides: some of the levels are too long/grindy filled with repetitive opponents.
,Recommended,233130,14179388,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,xeqtr,Demon apocalypse? Katana? guaranteed fun!
76561197993716315,Not Recommended,233130,14162261,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Bonehead,An Avergae ...just OK game... level by level it just throws a few more of the same at you (demons) till you get huge amounts to  fight. Story was again OK and perhaps made me continue to play
,Recommended,233130,14195297,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,MisterCommodore,"Shadow Warrior is an absolutely gorgeous game. The playstyle can get repetitive after awhile as the old ""go to room"", ""fight bad guys"", ""go to new room"", ""fight more bad guys"" is the basis of the entire game. The story revolves around old Japanese gods fighting with each other through a demonic invasion, if you're into that sort of thing."
,Recommended,233130,14121387,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Mike Pence,"this game is way too fun,chop everything you want to bits, graphics are pretty good, the jokes here and there are pretty funny."
,Recommended,233130,14123184,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Kail,"There are two ways to bring an old school franchise to new players.  First, you can try to copy the original, updating the graphics and adding some modern conventions and mechanics, but not changing too much from the original game.  Or, second, you can try to make a game that is some kind of ""spiritual successor"" to the original, something that captures the tone or the feel of the game but isn't directly copying it's inspiration.  Shadow Warrior (2013) is a good example of a game that does the second option right.  Well, mostly.I liked the original Shadow Warrior back in the day, and before this game launched, I was pretty worried about how different it looked.  Would they be able to keep the juvenile humor, the gratuitous T&A, the overtly racist dialogue, and bring that in to a modern game?  And the answer turned out to be: no.  But instead of feeling let down, as the game moved on, I started to feel more and more impressed.  This isn't Shadow Warrior updated for 2013, this is it's own creation that tried to be more complex and mature while not forgetting it's roots.  It's Shadow Warrior all grown up.  And it doesn't hurt that the gameplay is pure fun.The first major departure from the original game is that this Shadow Warrior is mostly a melee combat game.  It's still a first person shooter at heart, but most of your ""shooting"" is done with a sword.  Think of something like Star Wars: Jedi Knight, where you've got a mix of guns and magic powers and a really satisfying melee weapon.  Gameplay is gory and over the top, with the main character carving his way through armies of enemies while severed limbs fly through the air with explosions going off every few seconds.  Like the original Shadow Warrior, most of the game is combat, which in this version, takes the form of three separate trees: guns which are upgraded with money, magic spells which are updated with ki, and sword techniques which are updated with karma.  Spells are probably the most underwhelming thing in the game.  On the plus side, there is no mana or other restriction on when or how often you can cast, but on the minus side, the spell I ended up using 99% of the time was the healing spell, since the others are mostly just some type of crowd control. Your guns are pretty standard FPS fare, but pretty lacklustre when it comes to dealing with enemies, especially on harder difficulty levels.  I assume this is to encourage players to use the sword, which is incredibly fun.  As you progress in the game, you earn skill points which you spend to learn new sword techniques, executed by double tapping a direction and holding the fire button, which allow you to devastate entire areas at once.  This is really the heart of this game, the constant dodging - sword tech - basic attack dance that makes every fight engaging and unique while still being really visceral and fun.The story is pretty well done, too, or at least, I thought so.  I've heard from a few people that hated it, so your mileage may vary, but I thought the one liners were mostly pretty funny (though the ""wang"" jokes were getting a bit tired at times) and kept the action nicely punctuated.  The overall story was fairly well done, too (even if the actual plot didn't make a whole lot of sense) and it was great to see a character with an actual arc and a story with an actual satisfying conclusion for once.  The game mostly goes with a middle of the road approach to it's writing: it's dramatic, but not so dramatic that it can't make jokes.  It makes jokes, but never gets so wacky that you can't take it seriously. The soundtrack compliments this nicely, a mix of modern music with classical guzheng sounding music.If I had to pick one point to gripe about, though, it would be the map design.  In the original Shadow Warrior, the maps were huge, complex mazes, like DOOM or Duke Nukem 3D.  In the remake, they're modern FPS maps, which means they're mostly corridors with big open spaces for fights, which was disappointing to me.  Looking at the maps as a whole, there's a good sense of place, you're winding around various paths and covering an area pretty thoroughly, but it never felt that way to me in game because there's almost always a single path in to and out of each area and no chance of getting lost or exploring.  Most of the time when you see a branch in the path, it means there's a secret item down one path and a one-way door down the other, and I HATE that style of hiding ""secrets.""The other sore point is maybe the price point, which as I write this is like $45, which strikes me as a bit high.  I had a great time playing this game, but honestly this feels more like a $25 or 30 title to me.  Some of the enemy design is a bit frustrating (late game there are enemies who are only vulnerable on a specific spot on their back, but the collision detection seems a bit inconsistent) and some of the late game encounters can get downright gruelling with the number of enemies you need to plow through, but these are minor issues with a mostly really fun experience.Overall I really liked Shadow Warrior, it's a strong reboot of a classic series and I'd love to see more of it.  Devs working on similar reboots (looking at you, Duke Nukem) should take some notes here.  If I had to pick one word to describe Shadow Warrior, it would be ""Visceral.""  The combat has a very imminent, physical feel to it, the dialogue is catchy, and all the problems only crop up when you step back and look at the big picture.  Overall, the game is just fun, that's the best way I can put it, and I really recommend it."
,Recommended,233130,14104884,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,TheUnforgiven,Very fun game to play :)
,Recommended,233130,14096908,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,mr. Rosling,This underrated game is a perfect hack and slash fps rpg. you play as Asian Deadpool a witty ninja that slays demons. definitely a must buy. 9/11
,Recommended,233130,14111843,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,KingSigy,"I'm not sure if anyone would have predicted that Shadow Warrior would get a reboot. The less successful follow-up to Duke Nukem, Lo Wang wasn't exactly a memorable character. He has a knee jerk style charm that makes you laugh at the absurdity of his sayings, but he's pretty much a racist charicature.Still, that classic Shadow Warrior game was well built. Great level design, interesting weapons and some neat boss battles. If the new version has all of that, it can't possibly be bad? While true, in a sense, one has to remember the old addage; too much of a good thing can be bad.Still, Shadow Warrior (2013) is a very well made and fun game. As far as retro revivals go, this is unexpectedly great. It's visceral, bloody, loaded with vulgairty and even corrects the issue of Lo Wang being a throwaway character. It doesn't solve every problem of it's predecessor (or FPS games from the 90's), but it certainly amps up what made them special.For starters, combat is king in this game. While I don't remember older shooters being so reliant on fighting, at least Shadow Warrior (2013) makes the gunplay satisfying. Every weapon is unique (with alternate modes that are also unique) and the katana should be the model for how to do first person melee combat.Weapons can be upgraded in a pseudo-RPG style to unlock extra modes and better functionality. Lo Wang, himself, can even learn new abilities, constantly making combat something with which you can experiment. DIfferent enemies go down easier with certain tactics (though none are necessary).Lo Wang can also learn some ""magic"" abilities that grant him things like temporary armor, health regeneration and traps for enemies. It's great to see an FPS make a good narrative excuse for health regen and then not make it mandatory. You can fall back on it, but you won't be able to simply hide and recover. It adds a great tactical layer to the combat.The level design is very refreshing, too. While it is a bit linear, the levels are very open and filled with destructible objects. It's awesome to see around 20 enemies flooding towards you and simply shooting a car to take them all out at once. The amount of tactical opportunities available at any one moment makes most encounters feel like a true victory.After you master all of that, you would expect the game to deliver something new. Around the 7 hour mark, it seems developer Flying Wild Hog ran out of steam. The game doesn't become awful or lose it's quality, it just never produces anything different. You run into the same scenarios with the exact same enemies and you almost slip into a Groundhog Day style feeling.It also hurts because of your strength. Not only is your knowledge of the enemies growing, but Lo Wang is physically getting stronger. Enemies now go down quicker, but you're still doing the same actions. When you get flooded with nearly 100 enemies towards the end, it's mostly a bore instead of making you feel like a badass.The boss battles can also be summed up like that. Taking far too long and requiring a bit too much manuverability, I don't really know why giant creatures were picked for these fights. I suppose this was a case of looking at the original game and multiplying it for newer hardware, but I would have severely cut these battles back.It's not fun to be fighting a boss for 20 minutes and barely making any leeway. That each boss has the same tactic to defeating them and even feeds out ammo for you so that you never get stuck just makes them exercises in attrition more than any kind of test of skill.If the worst that can be said about this game is that it's a bit too long, then I'm pretty sure that most people won't mind. I certainly like the game a lot, but at times my patience was tested. I like having concise experiences that get to the point and keep my guessing. To see Shadow Warrior (2013) run out of tricks just stings a bit.The plot isn't exactly interesting, either. It would be one thing if you got invested into the story, but it goes a bit too far for it's own good. I'm not opposed to any game having in-depth lore, but the concept for the original Shadow Warrior was simple. This reboot attempts to spin everything into a Roman style god tragedy and it doesn't thread well.Lo Wang is much improved, however. He does still make some♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes, but the comedy comes from his arrogance rather than his race. The little bits of ""racist"" rumor left are relegated to the fortune cookies, most of which are just plain funny (Your Cookie is in another Cookie).All in all, Shadow Warrior (2013) is a good game. I don't know if anyone ever asked for a sequel to the original, but at least Flying Wild Hog paid good attention to what made that game work. This is actually better than the old-school version, it just loses it's focus towards the end.7/10"
,Recommended,233130,14116974,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,SomeDuder,"Lengthy campaign, involving story, no multiplayer - good stuff all around. Voice-acting is simply excellent, weapons are a fun mixture of precision and collateral damage. Enemies are generally a joy to kill (More on that later). Visuals are a treat, physics and damage model make combat an exercise in surgery.However. Some enemies take the pace out of the combat a bit too often. The basic demon is great - it usually appears in larger numbers, can be killed easily enough (Unless it enrages) and keeps you moving around. But the shield-bearers, berserkers and warlords all take too much time to kill, even with fully upgraded weapons.Basically, what I wanted from this game was a horde of simpler enemies to cut down. The later weapons (Rocket launcher, flamethrower, upgraded katana) basically scream for stuff to murder, except there isnt any. During the campaign, monsters spawn at select points, in 1 or 2 waves. You advance a few rooms or corridors, and repeated.Which brings me to the Survival mode, which isnt much of an improvement. Sure, the action gets more hectic, but the amount of enemies doesnt. For example, instead of 15 basic demons, you get 2 berserkers (which require shooting a specific weakspot) and a demon that resurrects fallen enemies, but also shields itself till the resurrectees are dealt with. All of which aren't difficult to bring down, but they take ages! It may seem like a silly complaint, but when you have weapons like the rocket launcher, you want to shoot it right into the middle of a mob of monsters and what their limbs fly all over the place. Shooting a rocket at just 1 warlord is just... ugh, no. It's just not a return to the good old murderfests like Doom.Anyway, it's a fun romp. The setting is a bit odd - Chinese guy (in what is presumably Japan) wants to buy a sword from a collector,♥♥♥♥♥♥happens. One-liners ensue, fantastic locations are visited, lots of exposition in cartoon-esque cinematics and ingame events, original lore.Fun game with a style of combat that might not be everyone's cup of ricewine."
,Recommended,233130,14315906,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Blazingpelt,"Pretty good! The swordplay is really fun, although not as deep as other titles, and the gunplay holds its own. Story is a bit weak, and I didn't care for the pacing towards the end, but the humor is exactly what you'd expect from a 3D Realms franchise. Definitely worth a try, though it tends to have great discounts during major sales."
,Recommended,233130,13218966,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,MattaN,A story driven action FPS with amazingly satisfying combat and pretty visuals. With the recently added survival mode and the ability to replay the same character with a higher difficulty adds a fair amount of replayability. The only downside is tedious leve design at times. I do recommend it!
,Not Recommended,233130,13219867,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,huxley001,"The sense of humor is entertaing and the game looks really good, minus a few issues.  I really don't like the controls though.  They just feel off..."
76561198072753130,Recommended,233130,13222176,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Chylith,Absolutely awesome game.
,Recommended,233130,13222273,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,ToastyRoshi,"Began laughing at the cut scene right off the bat. Who doesn't love running around chopping things up with a katakana! I've been enjoying this game for some pass time quite a bit. Decent graphics, enjoyable gameplay as a hack n' slash in the first person seat."
,Recommended,233130,13223641,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Chilly Zane,"Fantastic/Amazing swordplay. It's like Demonic Kill Bill. Get it if that tickles your fancy, hell, get it anyway; it's aweseome!"
76561198063113662,Recommended,233130,13638238,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,БLДÇКZДЯДК,"Who Wants Some Wang!I will give one word ""AMAZING"". This game will be my best top ten FPS in all time. When oldschool FPS and new FPS style mixed together, and come to ""Shadow warrior"".Gameplay is simple but alot of FUN, not just shoot and run, player must learn technic and how to use it or you will die a lot. Yes, This game so hard and challange. Kill enemy with sword such a Fun, slice off  a body path and this is main weapon ,Useful not like original version. Weapons are ballancing, Choose right weapon for right situation. Color collection looks annoying. and cannot turn offLevels are ""FANTASTIC"" design, a lot of detail and beautiful. that make some AAA game looking crap.So if you a fan of Shadow Warrior,Must play. If You not,Must play. Worth every penny"
76561198044420262,Recommended,233130,8380676,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,General Brygady,"A fun game, I quite enjoyed it. Kind of a throwback to old shooters when it was all about mowing through hordes of enemies.Ranged weapons are quite fun, maybe not at the start, but once you upgrade them. The weapon upgrade/skill system makes it more deeper, quite good but not sensational. What really makes this game stand out is the swordplay with your katana, which often is more usefull than your guns actually. The story is quite nice and it doesnt take itself too seriously.As for the bad, I would say the level design could be better. The game is stricly linear, however the levels sometime make an illusion of open world with some key mechanics. I ended up looking for the right door a few times, which shouldn't really happen in a game as linear as this. Also, the enemy diversity wasn't all that great.All in all its a really fun experience and I do recommend it."
76561198016597627,Recommended,233130,8519462,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,jerny,"I just started this and I'm pretty hooked. Melee action on this can't be touched, and I'm only an hour into it."
,Recommended,233130,8634727,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Ueli der Carry,"Ok, so I grabbed this game by chance on a sale. I must say, this is the most fun I've had with a single player game since a while! Exceptions like Metro aside, most FPS games rather bore me out. Call of I've-seen-you-a-hundred-times-before and Medal of I'm-a-super-soldier-but-can't-do-sh** seems to be an industry standard nowadays. But Shadow Warrior is different! Yes, it's rather linear, but it has secrets everywhere! (I looked at most levels rather well, and there were always 2-5 secrets I couldn't find! Also, it's challenging! Masses and masses of enemies! No lame wnb M4 weapons, but rocket launchers and everything! Damn, I wish more games were still like this!"
76561198064766629,Recommended,233130,8634977,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,ParaBellUm,"If you are looking for a mindless FPS or FPHS (First Person Hack/Slash) .   Look elsewhere.  There are some statues you have to find and destroy to advance.  This game combines both guns and melee.  Some peoplefelt the story was flat.  I think the story is great and a lot better than what is usually in a game of this kind.   You can shoot your way through the trash mobs but it is more satisifying to hack and slash your way through them and use throwing stars on the ones that fly.The bosses are usually brought down by guns though.  So it pays to upgrade your firearms.  This left a lot of people wishing they had a choice.Overall, this is a great remake of te classic. Highly Recomended"
,Recommended,233130,8637958,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,KomradeZero,"This was my first take at a ""Classic"" style shooter, and it was fun. The different weapons are completely different, and the leveling system is quite good. This game suffers from its level design, and story though."
76561197971861210,Recommended,233130,8682994,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Nudelsuppe,Much Fun. So Gore. Wow.
,Recommended,233130,8685050,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,SCA,This game is a load of Wang
76561198005861319,Recommended,233130,8639497,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Blades28,"Awsome game!! Nuff said. Would like to see it on Xboxone,PS4 and Wii U. (About time ninty got some love)"
,Recommended,233130,8648232,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Boobzy,"Lots of easter egg in this game, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ jokes like in the 80's must have if you like ♥♥♥♥♥♥ jokes"
,Recommended,233130,8648372,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Adam Armour,"My time with Shadow Warrior probably represents the most fun I've had with a FPS in ages. Well, since Bulletstorm at least. When did that come out? 2011? OK, then since 2011.As I’m sure any of you remotely interested in playing this game already know, most of the gameplay in Shadow Warrior involves moving from room to room across large, sprawling levels and brutally slaughtering the hundreds of enemies that spawn within. Nothing new there. I’ve been doing that since the Wolfenstein days.What makes Shadow Warrior so much fun is the variety of weapons and powers at your disposal (the use of all of which is encouraged through a decent upgrade system; the more creative and varied your methods of wiping out enemies, the more experience points … I mean, karma … you get to spend on adding new ways to be creative and varied in wiping out your enemies).There’s also the sword. Man, using that sword is a blast. Watching demon limbs flying everywhere is a real joy. That makes me sound kind of insane, doesn’t it? So be it.Alternating among guns and the sword and powers is relatively easy, although there were times when using a power (which, if you’re playing with a controller like I was, involves tapping a direction twice and then hitting a button) was a little clumsier than I would have liked, resulting is a barrage of profanity as I received a pummeling while trying to heal or something.Shadow Warrior tells a better story than I expected, painting juvenile humor against a backdrop of relatively sombre events. To me, this mostly works well, and the juxtaposition of super-serious mythology and rapid fire♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes concludes in a genuinely bittersweet finale. I imagine this kind of thing won’t be everyone’s cup of tea, but it appealed to me.I’m not usually one to say this, but Shadow Warrior played a bit too long for me. By the time my 18 hours with the game concluded, I was ready to be done. It was still fun, mind you, and I never felt compelled to leave it unfinished. But I was ready to move on. Most individual levels felt like they could have been trimmed (with the exception of the one-off boss fight chapters, each stage took me around an hour to complete. More if I was really hunting for the secrets tucked away in the corners of each), and after a while, they all kind of blend together.Should you buy Shadow Warrior? If you enjoy the maze-like level layouts and breakneck combat of classic FPS games, then I’d say your enjoyment is as guaranteed as herpes in a ♥♥♥♥♥house. In other words, yes."
76561198002359438,Recommended,233130,8650595,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,$hlomi.b0,"Well, the only disapointment from this game, is that that Flying Wild Hog didn't took also DN3D from 3D realms...Awesome game!Wish his whitetrash brother would have treated the same."
,Recommended,233130,14537443,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Catman-san [deranking],"excellent game, if you're into lots of blood and chopping bodies up, with a relatively good plot, this it the game for you :D"
76561198058226508,Recommended,233130,14509616,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,smokefroge,"Hilarious game with lots of humor and blood mixed into a decent story line. A wide variety of upgrades for your weapons and your body. Plus you get a awesome side kick that makes for good conversations in between the action. Personally I don't care for sword play to much but, this game pulls it off really nicely. Also if swords aren't your thing either then there is a variety of other weapons to kill your enemies with. The biggest downside to this game in my opinion is unnecessary locks for doors. Basically many times throughout the game you will unlock a door just to unlock a door to make a big circle. It could have been planned out alittle better. But still in no way a game breaker. I recommend this game to anyone looking for some genuine action."
,Recommended,233130,14548952,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,dushyantshri,"A great reimagining of the original which I played countless hours of. Brilliant Melee combat system with the Katana which is the most fun part of the game. The objectives do seem linear and repetitive at times. If you like violence with limbs flying around and all that, this one's a good game to play."
,Recommended,233130,14549053,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,The16BitBrit,"You play as an asian Duke Nukem in Japan, dismember demons with a katana, shoot people in the face and light them on fire with a demon pal that constantly makes snarky comments and find fortune cookies with stupid puns in them10/10 would dismember again"
76561198006461959,Recommended,233130,14550278,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Nigel,"Amazing game, love it for the humor. The story was looking kinda weak at the beggining but was better later on. The game looks very good. For less than 2 dollars, it's a must have!"
76561198039430152,Recommended,233130,14550492,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,JarHead,"Shadow Warrior Kicks♥♥♥♥♥Interesting Story line.Intense battles.lots of gore.and cheap laughs :)after 25hrs logged I've finished the game and I wish there was a sequel!the only real cons for me were the lackluster boss fights, but I could say that of nearly every game out there."
,Recommended,233130,14571583,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Exotherm (Official),"Very awesome game so far, haven't beated it yet but I am having a blast with it so far. Awesome weapons, monsters, skills, just... everything about it is awesome!"
76561198040154925,Recommended,233130,14586453,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,209creeper,pretty good game gets hard as it goes on the storyline but i think it is  worth buying it
,Recommended,233130,14395724,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,DraconicDon,"Overall this game is a great ball of visceral fun.The Good:-Fun chemistry between the lead characters.-Plenty of room for exploration with all sorts of secrets to find.-Fast paced combat.-Great opening sequence.-Level design has good variance.-Powerups, with some exclusions, are all pretty useful.The Bad:-Some enemy attacks have poorly communicated hit boxes.-Occasionally where you can and can not explore isn't well defined.-Example: Kill field where you think you can drop safely-Bosses are pretty simple, but repetitive."
,Recommended,233130,14439332,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Mr. Black,"best FPS i've played in a long time! rewards people who like to explore and ignores those who rush through things! if you're a fan of games like duke nukem: 3d, doom series, and the original shadow warrior then this game is for you!performance: pretty good! i'm running this gameon this setupand get mostly 120-85 FPS on around max settings.gameplay: amazing! your character moves fairly quickly which suits the level design! tons of places to explore in quite long levels!fun: loads!entertainment/voice acting: hilarious! your character is pretty funny, but that demon takes the cake!overall: 9.2/10 - fantastic experience! i only couldn't recommend this if you're the type to rush through games or is looking for a multiplayer experience!"
76561198043475713,Recommended,233130,14443784,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,FREE PALESTINE 9/11,For weaboos to poor or fat to wield a katana.  Really fun.
,Recommended,233130,14410176,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,MI,Ye
76561198143699031,Recommended,233130,15434133,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,私を覚えなさい,katanaz
76561198042771113,Recommended,233130,15422069,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Jeb Bush,"10/10 would play again, very fun and violent"
76561197979948340,Recommended,233130,15423968,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Capt.sweaty,Got attacked by a demon bunny and died. Laughed Out Loud.Five hours in and I still haven't defeated that bunny.Think Dead Souls but with DEMON BUNNIES... 'nuff said.BUY THIS GAME!
76561197970290748,Recommended,233130,15530640,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,ScopeDog,"I'm a little late to this review, as I'm writing it after the recent SW 1.5 patch, which the addition of two Zilla boss battles as the most significant change.Pretty legit game overall. Plenty of bad guys and monsters to splatter with a good balance of sword fighting and gun play. There are also upgrades abound - not only to guns, but to skills and Ki (pronounced ""chi"") powers as well. There are certain collectible items you need to acquire to unlock said upgrades, but you will figure it out as you go.Plenty of homage and Easter eggs to the original 1997 game as well. I'd kind of like to see a DLC though, where certain human characters in the game become the main antagonists and seek revenge against you (Lo Wang). It would also be nice if the Railgun from the original game made a return. The Crossbow was OK but I didn't find it as useful as the others. But enough with the wishful thinking.Anyway, don't expect anything super innovative or revolutionary about this game, but at the same time don't let that discourage you from playing it, because it's guaranteed to keep you on your toes and laughing at the same time."
,Recommended,233130,9644609,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,PumpkinSpicedAutism,Basically just a spectcle fighter in first person.
,Recommended,233130,14943442,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Blubbermaggot,"A great reboot of the original Shadow Warrior. The humour is preserved, the protagonist and antagonist are still the same (Lo Wang vs. Zilla), the combat is great. The ending confused me a little, but perhaps that was deliberately done to set up the story for a sequel.I enjoyed the fantastic 2D artwork and the 3D graphics were the prettiest I could get out of my graphics card and made for some beautiful desktop background screenshots.It was fresh having Hoji as a second companion and the dialogue between him and Lo Wang was quite amusing.Overall 8/10+Decent FPS; true to origins; great graphics; supports X360 gamepad; I pre-ordered but I've seen it on sale for very cheap so snap it up if it sounds like it's your kind of game.-Very Serious Sam-type gameplay so it feels like I'm playing that series instead; story doesn't make all that much sense and is left open at the end; no cheats; last sword upgrade comes at the end of the game which was annoying as I only got to use an awesome upgrade for all of 30 minutes of my 28 hours playing.Does anyone reading this know what the sound effect of the Whisperers is called? I heard it first in Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines while using the Obfuscate ability but my Google searches came to naught."
,Recommended,233130,14962895,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,TMAC Blade,"whats very unfortunate is that this game doesnt exaclty run well. at first i was willing to deal with it seeing the frame loss was just minimum but that was at the beginning of the game. After you leave the first mission your are instantly greeted by a ton of 25 FPS frame by frame levels which lead you to belive that the game was designed for something stronger than what it askes for in the system requirments. the game in all honesty looks good, and the game play looks amazing but too bad the frame rate truns you off from it. i dont want to say no and say the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥because it doesnt. 6/10 is what im giving it and will give it a upvote because the game is indeed fun and maybe someone with a better system than mine will enjoy it more than me."
76561197971252326,Recommended,233130,15370364,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,spaceman spork,"This was a surprisingly enjoyable game.  The action is well paced and it becomes quite fun once you get used to the controls.  The story moves along at a good pace and it has a very interesting quick turn into some very unexpectedly emotional story telling (though I can see some easily shrugging it off).  The dialogue is super cheesy and corny but in this case it makes it great.The difficulty level is pretty standard throughout until one part in the end of chapter 16 where it just becomes ridiculously difficult.  Most of my deaths otherwise were carelessness or b.s. (eg, running down the stairs killed me a few times, falling killed me a few times, jumping into a pond killed me once).  But in that part of chapter 16 I think I died 4x more than all the other times I died.  Ugh.Highly recommended for the price point I bought it at.  If you like well paced FPS games with cheesy one liners, this is a great game."
76561198067070354,Recommended,233130,15413812,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,jacob.noergaard,"This game has it all. The humour, the action, it's technically and visually pleasing and good old clean fun. You want action? You want Wang!"
,Recommended,233130,15217428,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,kamber87,This is how you do a remake!
,Recommended,233130,15218757,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,neumunki,"A great throwback FPS full of over the top action and gore.  It restored my ability to enjoy an FPS when I had long gotten tired of all of them, from modern ones to other ""throwback"" ones.  This game nails FUN and totally surprised me with how much I enjoyed it.  It feels like a John Carpenter videogame and I mean that in the best possible way."
76561198154098479,Recommended,233130,15269345,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,468528456,"Everyone love Wang.If you're tired of cover shooters and want some real melee combat in your FPS then this is your game.Also, it's well written. And I don't just mean the wang jokes either."
76561197971990419,Recommended,233130,15279225,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,phankin,"A GIANT surprise in a market full of FPS. This is one of those rare cases where the remake (or redo in this instance) is superior to the original. The sword play is excellent the voice acting is superb and the dialog is hilarious (might be considered by others to be a little racist but I feel in a humorous way) Anyways a true single player FPS gem in a sea of games at least 2 times it's price (I'm looking at you Destiny) that aren't anywhere near as good at least in single player. People say that it's a throw back to a simpler era of FPS, even if that's true it's still awesome today:) HIGHEST recommendation:)"
76561197970309584,Recommended,233130,15181931,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Monstro,"Shadow Warrior is an absolute joy of a game with a script as sharp as its Katana. While basically an old-school shooter - corridors, healthpacks, rocket launchers, action movie banter and so forth - it's been modernised extremely well. At its best its exhilerating (at its worst it's just good fun).Weapons are imaginative, adding texture to the gameplay. I could spend a lifetime playing with the sticky-bomb crossbow (and it would not be a wasted lifetime). Katana sword fighting is a delight. Movement is fluid, with an Unreal Tournament style double tap to dodge. The script is peppered with witty, genuinely funny lines - and the story is more complex and interesting than you'd expect for a game like this.There are niggly annoyances. I'm still not sure about the pace and rhythm of the game (you get walky bits and then shooty bits, where shooty bits are always ringfenced battle arenas and there are slightly too many walky bits), and the rating you get after each fight seems a bit arbitrary. It felt a little like some content had been cut (although the 1.5 patch* may have introduced it, which is lovely). The powers often felt a bit fiddly to execute and underwhelming when activated. And while the Fortune cookies were mostly brilliant, a few too many were plagiarised (without citation, because that's what plagiarism means). All very minor offences.As dumb, simple shooters go - this is one of the best and most complex. It doesn't quite hit the highs of Wolfenstien: The New Order, but it's up in that bracket in terms of fun and quality.* Mad props to developer, Wild Hog Studios, for continuing to support and update the PC version post-release"
76561197963217574,Not Recommended,233130,15259745,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Justice Ftw,"This game could have been significantly more than what it was.The engine and combat is great. Probably some of the best I've ever seen in a fps.But as the encounters in the game repeat over and over, and you're led from random place to place, it's almost like you're playing a tech demo that has been stretched out into a game with some weird story about.. weirdness.. tacked on top.I probably just expect too much these days. Who knows.."
,Recommended,233130,15230095,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Ad majorem dei gloriam,"Overall i really enjoyed Shadow Warrior, having played the original back in the day.Pros- Modern graphics with retro feel- Retains the humor of the series, many one liners and fortune cookies brought a smile to my face- A wide variety of weapons and unlocks to keep this interesting. Want to solo the game with just the sword? Very doable.- Interesting story, while somewhat different than the original (being a reimagining NOT a remake) it still kept things fresh with a few good twists and turns- Secrets! While i personally suck at finding them, coming across some things pointing back to the original game was pretty awesome, not to mention the extra goodies like being able to swap yoru sword for a variety of skins e.g. Hotline miami, Serious sam hammer and a few others- Good enemy variety and are generally quite intelligent as well- Good length for a Modern FPS, it took me about 10 hours or so to finish my 1st playthroughCons- Fall damage. I lost count of the amount of times i used shift to move quickly in a direction, fell and instantly died... it was not much fun haha- The game difficulty spikes hard in the last 3/4 of the game, there are SO many enemies that it almost felt like luck if i didn't simply get sandwiched and almost insta killed because there was so much stuff flying in my direciton (and this was on the 2nd difficulty)- I got stuck not knowing where to go several times as, while there is good variety to the levels, having to sometimes backtrack made me get lost for a good whileI picked this game up for a couple of bucks from a Humble bundle, but i would definitely get this one even on sale, it's worth it =)"
,Recommended,233130,15232898,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Utari Onzo,Probably one of the most fun derp around games I've ever played. It's cheesy as hell with a tonne of gore. Do recommend just for the opening scene with Wang singing in the car alone.
76561197967057313,Recommended,233130,13659826,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Stativ,"Update: I would like to thank the devs for the linux port. It already worked great under wine, but nothing beats native version.This game is a solid continuation of the original Shadow Warrior. If you like thoughtless slashing of hordes of daemons, this game is for you (actually I don't usually like this kind of games, but SW is just too good not to like it). What is great about this game is the set of skills that are controlled very naturally using double tap + mouse, so you don't have to think about using them. You just use them. A lot.The only little objection is the story. And I don't mean that it's bad. It's just... You could have been killing deamons already."
,Recommended,233130,15445297,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Thomolithic,"Maybe only about halfway through, but it's a really fun game.A proper old-school remake."
,Recommended,233130,15458992,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,[{(#BB)}] Joseki,"You've got the touch. You've got the power.Game has fun swordplay, but doesn't sacrifice the quality of gunplay to get it. Game tries to encourage you to try builds that enhance both the sword and your guns, because putting all your points in one or the other will get you killed. A lot.Game is fun, though."
76561197981299527,Not Recommended,233130,15460046,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,hermanlou852,"I like the game. Gets a bit repetitive at times, but overall it's good and I would totally recommend it if it wasn't for the game breaking bug in chapter 10. Enemy gets stuck out of sight and you can't kill him or progress because of it. Restarted the level, same problem, quite far into the level. Not going to spend any more time on it. Developer came into a Steam discussion thread where someone had complained about it and said they would do something about it... back in 2013. Obviously nothing has been done since so I can't recommend the game."
,Recommended,233130,15420529,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Savage Salvador,"Awesome game! Loved the humor, loved the intense blood and gore, pretty much everything! The subtitles may help make the dialogue more understandable. Very mature but worth every penny. This game also has a lot of replay value and is the first game i bought in a while that i played for hours and hours at a time. Shadow Warrior also has a long story line that consists of 17-19 chapters and a prologue! I give it a 4.8/5."
76561198086773602,Recommended,233130,14329446,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Cyrus,"*EDIT* After the 1.5 patch, the game now has a 64-bit executable, allowing it to take advangate of my rig's full compliment of RAM and CPU cores. With a FX-6300 and a single Radeon 7870 I get far above 60 fps (I didn't care enough to get a specific number...) with all settings maxed. This game performs very well now!This is a modern reboot done right. It maintains the humor and action of the original, but with a new coat of paint, and a suprisingly involving story. Lo Wang is back, if a little younger than you remembered. Graphically, it is a very beautiful game, and has some excellent screenshot moments, and the mechanics are no slouch either. Honestly, there isn't much to complain about, as the game ends up being what it set out to be: an irreverent, violent, gory, and mechanically excellent game like those of yesteryear, but with the technical excellence that allows it to stand tall against other modern games.My only complaint is that the trailer makes the game appear to be an 80's-fueled-throwback, while the game has very little 80's-ness. Shame."
76561198040145654,Recommended,233130,13712197,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,selwro,This is great fun and it works perfectly in Wine!
76561198115315485,Recommended,233130,15171933,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,splosions,There are bunnies having sex in every level69/10
,Recommended,233130,9065028,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Zoolie,"Good fun and enjoyable story. Very old school with both the good and the bad. Could use some refinement especially in the early levels as, for me anyway, it became a bit of a slog. Enjoyable combat with some fun twists, if a bit repetitive at times."
,Recommended,233130,9066578,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Major Tom,"The Best ols school fps remake of last year, retains some of the humor of the origional and some decent combat"
76561197974470867,Recommended,233130,9070929,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,nowitzkifan1984,"So awesome.  Ridiculously fun sword play.  Reminds me of the hey day of the 90s.  Funny dialog, extreme carnage.  All of those great things."
76561198108900256,Recommended,233130,9041665,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,axe7224,Very fun game and brutal. I recommend it to all FPS lovers.
,Recommended,233130,9046243,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,ElderMazza,Some of the most satisfying combat I've ever seen.
76561197961996165,Recommended,233130,9046526,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,grim,"Ansich ein ganz passabler Shooter. Verglichen mit dem aktuellen Standard, ist Shadow Warrior recht lang. Bietet gute Actionkost ála Serious Sam. Und man hat ein Katana! :)"
76561197961656499,Recommended,233130,9046552,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Katzenpi**e,"Great old school shooter with a nice sword! And bloody, too!"
76561198036751191,Recommended,233130,9057668,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,criiich,"Shadow Warrior is right up there with Pain Killer and that's a good thing, no that's a GREAT thing !  If you like blood and guts and have the stomach for some good ole fashioned shoot -em up, or should I say slice 'em up, get this game now !"
,Recommended,233130,9058206,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,RonSwanson,Amazing hack-and-slash game. It never gets old and upgrades keep you going.
,Recommended,233130,9131624,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Sassy4Satan,"I bought this game just for the old school FPS action, and the great comedy, but a good story was something I did not expect. This game is hands down my GOTY for 2013. The weapons are all insanely good, you will find yourself using all of them all of the time. The melee/sword combat is so good, you're going to wish every game had it down like Shadow Warrior does. The soundtrack is good, the graphics are extremely nice, the voice acting is great at delivering the humor, and the gameplay all around is smooth. Compared to most games that are out these days, Shadow Warrior 2013 is perfection. I would buy this game again if I had to. Flying Wild Hog became one of my fav studios because of this game."
76561198028405677,Recommended,233130,9131923,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,mig22k,Great retro-style game! Full of humor
,Recommended,233130,9132630,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Sorath72,This is a great game. Too bad it isn't on linux like Shadow Warrior Redux. SteamBox and SteamOS is coming for linux games and this game will be left out. Shame.
,Recommended,233130,7448382,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Pragmatic Tornado,"If you like games with great swordplay, you won't find better. Only thing it lacks is a proper parry / block system, but you do have a ""spell"" for blocking. Level design is refreshingly non-linear as well in some parts."
76561198066491848,Recommended,233130,9627190,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Roommaster,"great gameplay... just wish the shooting was easier! Deserved more than just 73/100 ... from me its 90 - 7 = 83 because of slightly stupid gun mechanism. Hack n Slash is fine, but shooting was a main part of the game in the classic version!"
76561198010784635,Recommended,233130,9627666,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Mortalsatsuma,"Suprisingly awesome game. humor is solid and gunplay (and swordplay) is fast, fluid and fun. Voice acting is top notch too, would definatly recommend if you're just looking for a solid, slightly different shooter for which you can just swith off your brain and have fun with. Oh, and also, look up the console commands. One turns your katana into a giant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ pretty much sums up just how crude and how much fun this game is."
,Recommended,233130,9628148,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Daemoneyes,"Most Wang for your Buck!Wanglicious!10 out of Wang!Smash stuff, Shoot stuff, Slash stuff!"
,Recommended,233130,7325660,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,The Headcrab Farmer,THIS GAME IS MADE OF PURE YES! THERE IS BLOOD AND KATANAS AND SLICES AND CROSSBOWS MAGICALHANDMOVEMENTS AND JUST JUST YES!
,Recommended,233130,9629333,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,victimsofretail,"This game is a blast!! A re-imagining that brings its A-game...great action, humor and flow. Gives a 'Serious Sam' feel while being its own game. It's worth the full price, IMHO, so any sale makes it a must-buy for fans of stellar action/FPS-gaming. The swordplay adds even more, and is very well done."
,Recommended,233130,13955083,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Yecgaa,"Best Bad Quote Simulator ever, it has Katanas and choppable enemies and double Uzis and what not."
76561198030699583,Recommended,233130,13948383,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Boris the Blade,"If you like old school shooters like Soldier of Fortune, or great old Duke Nukem , this is a game you must have!"
76561198007494456,Recommended,233130,7349386,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Ironclad,"Shadow Warrior is an extremely fun FPS. It is nice experience because it is different from the common FPS. It has very fast pace and frantic combat. Also the katana is one of the best weapons I have used in a video game in awhile. There are 9 weapons, which 7 of them have upgrades. Also there is a power and skill system each comprising of several skill trees. The game also has a lengthy story that is entertaining and contains tons of secrets and references. I highly recommend this game to anyone wanting a well done FPS."
76561198075109090,Recommended,233130,13920563,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,JamCam☀,This game was bloody and awesome. :D
,Not Recommended,233130,14047294,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Grizz,"It's like serious Sam, plus a hack and slash minus the fun. Possibly the most annoying way to make a game longer is by adding hordes apon hordes of enemies after each other."
76561198073453499,Recommended,233130,14025369,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Gonah,This game shows you exactly what it would be like to be a 21st century shadow warrior. The game was so realistic I sometimes forget it was a game and when I was close to dieing I would start crying and begging for mercy from my enemys. 10/10
76561198066661896,Recommended,233130,14029638,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,worff1,Sword combat's absolutely joyous.
,Recommended,233130,13639272,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Nurgle523,"Multiple modes and replay value. NG+ mode, survival mode where you upgrade each round.. Heroic Mode [haven't tried yet ,finishing NG+ on Insane.]You can upgrade everything, Weapons, Passive Skills like extra damage or health. The ability to pick up demon hearts that fall out... Rip off Warlord heads and use them as laser weapons.You can get sword and magic skills, upgrade them to what you want. NG+ lets you continue from the start with everything you had, plus weapons.Good difficulty mix. Swordplay is fun, on insane with enough sword passive skills and active abilities you can probably beat most the game with the sword alone. Mixing magic and swordfighting to really beat down enemies is fun. Not to mention the really great weapons. They are all varied and useful, the Pistol maybe if you are out of money and ammo for others. But then the Katana is better.That's the thing, demonslay your own way, have fun with it!I just wish there was a Massacre Mode where you can do sword only or all arsenal against sword only humans or with guns. [Options for such] PLEASE ADD IT!"
76561198093468781,Recommended,233130,14079482,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Amir,"One of the best FPS i've ever played. Good story, good graphics and brilliant swordplay. Lo Wang is funny and yet BADASS!"
76561197989133200,Recommended,233130,13988886,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Flashman,"The most fun I've had in a single-player FPS in years. Keeps up a cheesy, light tone despite the graphic and gruesome violence. A bit hard to keep track of enemies in close combat, but the swordplay is satisfying and intense. Just the right amount of nerd pop culture references without being gratuitous. Provides a fulfilling sense of achievement when overcoming a tough fight, like you really earned your victory (playing on Hard helps with this).Edit: I finished the game in 14 hours on Hard difficulty. Thankfully the game didn't overstay its welcome."
,Recommended,233130,12951251,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,NoiseGrinder,Old school shooter + Modern skill leveling mechanic + unique swords play
,Recommended,233130,12955183,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,King Vegeta,First Person Hack/Slash that gives you guns you'll rarely use because the sword is so fricking awesome.
76561198050153228,Recommended,233130,12943493,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,doyouthinkimspooky,Do not expect from this game precise sword fight mechanic ( like one would not expext precise firearms simulation from quake) and you will find it extremely fun.Also i would highly recomend it to everybody who liked hard reset - games are same in lot of aspects.
,Recommended,233130,12944072,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,RyzaMinnelli,This game's the best thing since sliced bread
76561198040229366,Recommended,233130,12965564,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Zoeymithra,"This game is great!  The controls are sublime, the learning curve is smooth and challenging.   By the time you finish the game you're pulling off all kinds of excellent moves.   The plot and dialog are good, and avoid some common tropes.  After finishi9ng this game, I replayed it.  All in all, and awesome game."
76561198004971415,Recommended,233130,12971460,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Commandant Cousteau,"This game is hand down the most enjoyable, fun, well-written, neat, uber-cool, joyfully gory, addictive game I had the pleasure to play in a long time. As a FPS, it shines in every department. It is brutal and old school as hell, but it is also quite complex, when you dig into your enhancement capabilities. Lo-Wang is the most hard boiled, funny killer in the world and damn was I happy to play as him. The storyline is surprisingly rich and intriguing.The whole experience was a blast, and you can feel the love the devs have put in their work at every corner, secret, pun, detail, whatever. It's a must have, and one that has been, as I read somewhere else, criminally overlooked. In a gaming world filled with soulless marketing products, especially in the FPS sector, Shadow Warrior is a pure gem that must be played for the sake of good taste and sheer pleasure!"
76561197984451999,Recommended,233130,12972097,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,DG| withering |SPC,"Overall, a fantastic FPS that combines elements of classic shooters with updated, modern sensibility and flair. It manages to be both serious, hilarious, touching, crass, gorgeous, and gratuitous all at once. Beautiful settings and scenery, gory fights, overwhelming odds, badass weapons, funny jokes and one liners (I love the fortune cookies), haunting cutscenes with hand drawn and painted art, and more slashing and slicing than you can shake a katana at. I absolutely recommend this game!"
,Recommended,233130,12972503,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Furry >Some Android,Hoji best sidekick/waifu 2013-forever. 10/10 bes gaem.
,Recommended,233130,13042040,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,ajkju,"This might just be one of my new favourite games. Very satisfying combat and absolutely gorgeous levels. I find it quite remarkable that a game this old-school in design manages to beat many higher budget offerings in story telling and dialogue as well. Despite being exetremely toungue in cheek the few serious moments work very well and as cheesy as it sounds, I felt pretty connected to the characters. I loved the ending!"
,Recommended,233130,9641397,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,John McCain,Excellent game.
76561198003533454,Recommended,233130,9618642,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,thmeist,This is a absolutly fantastic game that this game isnt talked about anywhere near as much or get twice as high review scores as the big budget pieces of crap thats churned out by numbers (literaly a lot of the time) is just unbelievable.It looks and feels better then just about any game i have seen recently without being a ♥♥♥♥♥ to run at decent fps and stabilitywhich in my experience seems to get more and more unusual... Oh and same deal with story and execution.Gues i could make a list of why its so good a GAME but nah... you're just gona have to check it out yourselves there are plenty of ways almost as many as tastes
,Recommended,233130,9554506,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,the Flaying Dutchman,"Dumb, violent, gory, silly and absolutely what i wanted out of it and more.It was as long as i wanted it to be, as challenging as i wanted it to be and even more enjoyable than i could have hoped. It can be repettitive when playing more than one mission at a time but then again the combat was fun enough to keep me hooked for hours on end regardless. the difficulty spikes apropriately when bosses start showing up and again when you get to deal with multiple at a time.I ended up playing till 3 am because i could not stop halfway through the finale.﻿ the story is nothing groundbreaking but does its job well enough to take you on a fun roadtrip of demonslaying all day round."
76561198055675811,Recommended,233130,9621731,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,FuFighter <(-_- <),"Much sword very gun such gore, Japanese version of Duke Nukem BUT BETTER!!!!  no multiplayer or coop Story mode are the only things i dont like."
76561198047982936,Recommended,233130,9624871,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Dracole,"I found out about this game through Totalbiscuit, and after playing Hard Reset, I had a great opinion of Flying Wild Hog. I'm glad to say i was not disappoiinted. The sword is definitely the best weapon in the game (most of the guns are fairly lackluster until you fully upgrade them). Overall, this game quickly became one of my favourites with its viceral action and little humerous quips between Lo Wang and Hoji, I would definately reccomend this game to anyone who is looking for a satisfying FPS experience."
76561198081199081,Recommended,233130,9624970,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Plitskin5,"I really wish games today would have level design as good as this game, and what it was inspired from. You have to buy it if you love katanas. Just do not attack the rabbits!"
76561197970192023,Recommended,233130,9384870,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,H4NDL3R,The most fun I've had with Want in a long time. 8/10 would play again.
,Recommended,233130,9442297,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,thev21,This game is an instant classic. I haven't had this much fun since Return to Castle Wolfenstein first came out. Hope they make an expansion or sequel. The game feels very balanced and a throwback to old school PC gaming.
,Recommended,233130,9489081,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,tortov,"This game is really, really fun. It's like Serious Sam 3, with katanas, superpowers and lots of carnage."
,Recommended,233130,9362065,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,r-s0n1St,Not really chuckle inducing in the way the original game was. The need of being politically correct has clearly been more important than faithfulness to the orignal. Grated that Lo Wang from the 1997 title was an extreme over exaggeration of various asian stereotypes it was pretty funny but also flirting on the edge of racism.This game was better than expected. Swordplay was fun and the game actually offeres a decent length solo campaign. Other than some repetative textures on levels the game is decent for the money. I got it on sale I suggest you do the same.
76561197988605267,Recommended,233130,9362407,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,₳ʂɱΦɳɗɑɨ,"Basic hack/slash-ShootEmUp game with a suprisingly depth story.Not perhaps a genre changing game, but a good example of a follow-up/remake of the original game.Combat mechanic is a bit wonky on the keyboard (double-tap to active super-ability), but can be played withlittle use of them (on normal).More of an optional then necessaty, maybe on the harder they come more needed to overcomesome harder spots.Boss fights we´re pretty standart but I enjoyed them as it was,and little variaty of enemies to face, but offers a decent amound of challenge.Ending a little of a let-down, but still had a good story to back it up and play the game through.Graphics we´re supringly decent on low-low settings, so I´d imagine players with a better hardwarewould get more out of the graphics of this game and the music was enjoyable,mostly unnoticable during the gameplay, but rarely an annoyance while played.Good shooter-slashing game for fans of this genre.8/10"
76561197979932316,Recommended,233130,840635,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Arcstone,"Basically doom, but set in asianland, featuring asiandude, chopping asian demons."
,Recommended,233130,9414688,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Ddicko,Fun gory games with good combat system
,Recommended,233130,9254895,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,bad_cluster,"This stuff is some Serious Wang!Seriously, this game feels like a perfect mix of Serious Sam and Shadow Warrior, duh!This game has an awesome sword fighting system, that combines regular attacks and special unlockable combos and quick dashes. Usually you use guns until enemies get close and then its chopping time! You can cut their limbs and heads off or chop them in half if you hit them before they can parry or block you. Combat feels quick, but it's slow enough to allow precision if you pay attention.Even though this is a reboot of classic Shadow Warrior game from 1997 this game is more of improved Hard Reset (another great game by Flying Wild Hog) at its core. Levels are linear, when you enter a new area enemies will spawn, often in waves, clearing them out opens the way forward. Just like in Hard Reset you have to use your environment to help you take out enemies, things like exploding containers of whatever and cars or exploding electrical devices. Levels are designed so you always have room to maneuver around your enemies. There are no enemies with hitscan attacks, every projectile can be dodged if you are quick enough, and there are no enemies with unavoidable attacks.This game is a great example of old school FPS done right!No cover system - you rely on mobility to avoid damage. No ironsights and accuracy penalties when moving - you don't have to slow down and break the pace to fire weapons effectively.I have only one complaint, some levels are too long without any change in scenery, this makes the second third of the game feel a bit dragged out."
76561197974036725,Recommended,233130,9259982,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Rob,"Got a 75% off coupon for this Game, message me on steamchat and we can do a Trade, also have 75% off Rise of Triad remake. hope to hear!"
76561198064261646,Recommended,233130,9871348,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Superinfected,"Full of self-referential humor, bloody, action packed, and the sword. Good god, the sword...unbelievable that using a katana sword in an old-style FPS like Shadow Warrior would be so satisfying. Is it better than the original? I'll leave that for others to decide"
,Recommended,233130,9872830,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,feenyx,"Magnificent Katana-based combat, hordes of demons to slay, a truly gorgeous world to run around in - probably one of the best action games I've ever had the pleasure of playing."
76561198034246084,Recommended,233130,9980081,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Bishop,"Hillarious,mindless fun. Cutting up demons,shooting up demons,exploding demons. Pretty much any way of killing a demon you do it in this game. 10/10"
76561198044287100,Recommended,233130,8728708,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,bejtmen,"""Do you want to wash wang? Or do you want to watch Wang wash wang?"" Shadow Warrior! I love this game. It has its bad sides, but it is really fun and funny, of course. You have bunch of weapons and you kill anything that gets on your way, except rabbits, leave rabbits alone! It is great if you only want to have some fun and poke around. Graphics are nice and voice acts are great. You meet a lot of good characters along the way and it never starts to be boring. I mean, if you just like to kick some♥♥♥♥♥for about 10 hours of gameplay get this one and enjoy it."
,Recommended,233130,8940632,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,satisfied shower,"10/10A fun Action game that brings a robust melee system to the table. The story was surprisingly deep and nuanced, as well has genuinely hilarious."
,Recommended,233130,8743534,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Nitorii,I strongly recommend Shadow Warrior. Shadow Warrior is a first person shooter with amazing sword play. It also has magic in it. I mean come on what isn’t to love about swords gunplay and magic?!?!? You tell me by trying this game out. Lots of easter eggs and amazing game play also very funny so just play it already!!! >:(
,Recommended,233130,8109632,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,dancingbaby69 [MEMESLUT],"I could say a lot of great things about this game, but that would take forever, so here's a condensed list:Badass protagonist, swords, explosions, demons, bad guys getting their limbs sliced up, cheesy 1 liners, a remake that's actually good, really great graphics, really great performance, really good oldschool feeling, more swords, more explosions, guns, the ability to slam the ground and make enemies fly up in the air, the ability to make enemies expolde by squeezing hearts and so much moreJust buy the damn game"
,Recommended,233130,8180559,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,ese loco,Its an amazing game. The graphics were stunning and its got a solid storyline. The feel of chopping demons apart just never gets old plus the humor in this game keeps you laughing from the start to the end.
,Recommended,233130,7324221,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,AxeFish,"Really fun game!Great combat mechanics and nice gameplay flow. Some cringeworthy jokes and refferences every now and then, but those are few and far between.However, seeing how this is singleplayer only, you need to decide whether you feel like paying full price or not. First playthrough lasted around 15 hours so make of that what you will. There's tons of achievements and different game modes as well so if that's you thing, go for it. If not,  you should definately get it once it's on sale!"
,Recommended,233130,7797034,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,We do it,Just gonna be upfront about this one: this game owns.
,Recommended,233130,7793829,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Jhales,"If you go into this game and only use the ballistic weapons, you're doing it wrong. If you go into this game not knowing any cliché's of classic FPS games, you're doing it wrong. If you wanted a short, serious campaign, you're doing it wrong. If you enjoy cutting demons in half, finding hidden secrets, and if you enjoy witty dialogue, a forest upgrade trees, and murdering everything that crosses your path, you'll be doing it Wang."
76561197960282791,Recommended,233130,7393481,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Kyote,"Surprise! Best shooter of the year. I thought it'd be Blood Dragon, but nope. Funny, great dialogue, great music, pretty graphics, fantastic sword play, satisfying guns, and most of all a surprisingly moving story that earns its emotional payoff. Not to mention the game is stupidly long and basically, just tons of fun."
76561197985260553,Recommended,233130,7823538,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Pandachoko,"I gave my Shadow 9/10 in my walkthroughs on my youtube channel, it is one of the best FPS this year."
76561198015959251,Recommended,233130,7417605,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,duhflushtech,"Appealing to both retro shooter fans and those gamers who just want to have a good time killing things, this is one of the better shooter experiences to come out this year, in my opinion.  Of course, calling it a shooter does it a bit of a disservice because the real treat here is the KATANA.  This is the best weapon in the game by far, and the most fun to use by a long shot.Dismember your enemies with the katana, blow them up with grenade launchers, kill them with environmental traps, etc.  Although the maps themselves are fairly linear, they return to the old style of games with a plethora of secrets, some which I think must be nearly impossible to find.  This is a meaty game, taking 10+ hours to beat.  And of course, Lo Wang is back with all the wacky humor and♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes that entails.In short, this is an amazing game that is well worth what you pay for it.  A relatively small developer has managed to create a game that looks and feels like a AAA experience that is far fresher than many other titles these days."
,Recommended,233130,7301997,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Vanta Black,"Holy #$% this game is cray!Stupid, insane fun!Some of the best sword play I have ever played in a game. Buckets of blood, dismemberment and of course all the throwback, twitch, 90's gameplay!This game is really fun, I cannot stress that enough.It even has a pretty deep 'level up' system.Lots to unlock and play around with.Not to mention, it looks really pretty.If you like shooters or just fun games in general, this is it!So get out there and get some Lo Wang!"
,Recommended,233130,7813814,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,SUPER COMMIE GURU,yes
76561197972887959,Recommended,233130,607780,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Leegend,"Never really played the original shadow warrior game until it appeared on steam for free and it is fun for its age just like duke nukem 3d is. But this updated version of the game is pretty much all you could want from a remake. Great to look at, some good humour and a lot of sword slaying. The opening to the game reminds me of kill bill somewhat. Thumbs up."
,Recommended,233130,7807363,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,The Pursuer,"Quite possibly my new favorite FPS of all time. It's sword combat is exelent. I felt like the guns were just another way of playing the game and just a way to mix it up when you got tired of being awsome. Both worked well. Auto aim could be set to only when firing which has potential because auto aim can track things when you dont want it to which is annoying as hell. I felt it is very inovative considering the way fps games usually work. You can play it hardcor fps style or use the new sword gameplay which works equally well in most situations. Keeps all the fun of finding secret places in the game and blends the old retro levels into the secret places. Rabits... The story was pretty good too. At first your like, two broceritopses being ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s but at the end it got better. Was not a short game either. I had trouble finishing it becauese I have the attaintion span of a puppy. I give it 9/10"
,Recommended,233130,7775539,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,The Snee,"Old School action that feels as good as it looks, with enough going on below the surface to keep you hooked. Incredibly satisfying and responsive gun/swordplay that makes you feel both skilled and clever when you make it though a tough fight. Some slightly sub-par level design might leave you lost or backtracking on occasion, and there's a thoroughly dissapointing, Doom3 style blunderbuss of a shotgun in there, but well worth your time regardless. There's more to the story than I expected, and the humor is passable at smirk level, but nothing to really make you laugh out loud. There's no real satisfying conclusion at the end, but there's enough to keep things going. Good fun."
76561197991754329,Recommended,233130,1342339,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Tenacious D,Definitely worth it if you're into old-school shooters. On higher difficulties you WILL get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you if you're not carefull.The Developers are also actively engaging/listening to the community for further tweaking the game experience.
76561198014820081,Recommended,233130,7693742,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Bimpy,how a reboot should be done from the guys who made hard reset great fast paced action FWH did a great job makeing the weapons feel great and a lot of the old weapons are back like the katana is really useful and it makes it feel like a badass when you kill hordes of demons with it and the Uzi and the roit gun and the rocket launcher are also back and you can use money that you find around the levels to upgrade your weapons to your likeing and you as you kill demons you get karma to level up your selfs with skills and this game has some pretty good bossfights but not anything new and the devs also did a good job to make a more modern lo wang whos really funny some fans didnt like that they changed him but i think it was for the better cause the old lo wang would be way out of date and the story this time around is much better yet again the first games story was almost non existent anyway the game has a few problems like the levels are much more linear and later parts of the game can get pretty hard but not cause you need skill to win but just because some of the demons are just bullet sponges and some spawn more demons so you can find yourself overwhelmed and this game has some of the same problems that hard reset has but if you like hard reset or you just like games with old school gameplay then this is your game
,Recommended,233130,4381493,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Bane1138,This game is totally worth it. Great Duke Nukem style one-liners and fantastic swordplay. Amazing.
76561197993469131,Recommended,233130,8346362,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,mass2k,fun FPS with great melee combat
,Recommended,233130,8377145,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,King Couch,"""Alright Mutha ♥♥♥♥ers! Who wants some Wang?"" - Lo WangWell apparently I did. I wanted a lot of Wang. Thats what I got; 18 hours of him in fact. Now the dialogue in Shadow Warrior may have been 80%♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes, but the story wasn't half bad. The environments are beautiful, the lighting effects are outrageous, and the world is very bright and colorful. That is of course, until you splatter demon guts all over everything.Shadow Warrior is very repetitive, but at the same time incredibly fun. Even though I slaughtered wave after wave of the same exact baddies from about Chapter 5-17, I never got bored. I played on hard. It was difficult, but not punishing. I never played the original, but this really did feel like a classic 90s game in both attitude and gameplay. You'll experience a few larger-than-life boss battles. Every square inch of this game is jam-packed with ammo crates and explosive barrels. There are also a huge amount of secrets. I made my typical attempt to scour every nook and cranny of this game, but I still missed quite a few.I spent $10 on this, and it was well worth it. It offered a refreshing gameplay experience, while also providing a sense of nostalgia. It was funny, and had some eye-rolling one-liners. I had fun. One of my favorite games of 2013."
,Recommended,233130,8819770,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Twiz,"Highly recommended to anyone that's a fan of FPS. Extremely violent, funny and talented voice acting, smooth motion capture and top-notch graphics. Flying Wild Hog really put a lot of effort into this and it shows. I loved it."
,Recommended,233130,8822264,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,jcm,"Where ROTT2013 failed to deliver this title did, i.e. it's fun to kill stuff. The upgrade system for weapons, skills and passives is kept simple enough to not distract from the main gameplay. The gameplay is fast-paced (I recommend the stamina & speed upgrades for even faster gameplay) and there are plenty of eastereggs and short cutscenes to keep things interesting."
,Recommended,233130,8925790,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,ShatteredPieces,"[C+] A great game, a lot of slaying and skills to get, but a bit too easy and the story is not so long so you can play this game 1 or 2 times, but you will really like it! :D"
76561197995036400,Recommended,233130,8928500,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,bones1101,A surprising treat.
,Recommended,233130,8916013,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,HIV | Gregorius,"Some people refer to this game as a revival of the values of FPS golden age shooters, but the game is actually just God of War in first person perspective.  The game is a series of corridors and arenas, with the odd hidden path leading to secret areas.  The guns are varied and interesting, although their entertaining alt fires have to be upgraded with money found in game and it's unlikely that you'll be able to upgrade every gun to it's full potential before the adventure concludes.  No matter though, the real star of the show, and the weapon you'll find yourself relying on in most situations, is the katana.  Its one of the most entertaining weapons you'll ever find in a first person game."
76561198006532845,Recommended,233130,7383242,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Old Iron Johnson,"Hands down, the best swordplay I've seen in an FPS, and easily in the top five overall. An excellent remake that keeps the oldschool and modern working perfectly in tandem."
76561198073379394,Recommended,233130,8917575,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,rasta monsta,HOLY MOTHER OF ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME IS AWSOME!!! It's like they took the realy difficult part of the first game and just made it fun. It still doe have that challege factor but other than that   it's  just ♥♥♥♥ing awsome!
,Recommended,233130,8920499,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Frostworld,"Shadow Warrior stays true to the orignal with it's lowbrow and quite silly humor. But it does sneak in a quite sober touch to it. With love and hate and especially the aftermatch of the effect of love, hate and betrayal. A nice touch to an overall over the top game (meant positively) with lots of dismembered demons, crushed hearts and pixelated naked anime girls.Comparing it to the other old-school game reanimated, Duke Nukem, then Shadow Warrior is clearly a winner in both action and plot.And for the achivement hunters, it got plenty of those to chase down."
76561198002493267,Recommended,233130,8695826,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Bobbyphat,This is what I'm talking about people - intense action with deep combat systems. If more games were like Shadow Warrior there would be no need for gaming heaven...we'd already be there.
,Recommended,233130,8702251,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Akkisigg,"A fantastic Old Schoolish FPS!While the game is a linear experience from begining to end, it offers a buttload of secrets of you to find. The story is mediocre and predictable for the most part, but the individual character writing is some of the best I've seen in a while. Lo Wang's one-liners and offhand remarks always managed to pull a chuckle from me and Hoji's snark even got a few guffaws. The gunplay is smooth and upgrading adds not only significant benefits but also visual flair to each weapon. Enemies are varied and towards the end mix it up enough that you have to pick apart large groups with tactics rather than pure brute force.The real star of the show is the Katana you have from begining to end which offers THE BEST FPS melee I have ever seen. Combining regular slashes with special abilities lets you dance across the battlefield in a whirl of death that almost makes you want to forget about the guns.The game is punny, juvenile, fast paced, smooth as butter, good looking. Most of all, the game is fun as hell. If your tired of MMS syndrome, pick this up and give it a spin!"
76561197961919592,Recommended,233130,8601760,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,SamBuB,"I enjoyed the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game. Hard and challenging, and plenty of fun ways to slice and dice your opponents. Got 16 hours out of it on Hard difficulty too. Definitely recommended for old school PC gamers. This is what Duke Nukem Forever should have been like."
76561197969848510,Recommended,233130,13373093,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,naked gnome,Are you looking for a first person hack and slash with a bit of humor? This is your game. There are guns in the game but you don't use them too often. It gets a little repetitive to get the most points per fight but still fun.
76561198104075329,Recommended,233130,13373832,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,RagingWolf198666,I was a big fan of the original and this has proven worthy to uphold the shadow warrior name...if only duke nukem could have been as good as this.
,Recommended,233130,13353276,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,IG Captain Daddy,"Best game ever, when i arrived at my burning house there were two rabbits ♥♥♥♥ing eachother 10/10"
,Recommended,233130,13365142,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,megalomanium,"Best shooter since Painkiller. Best first-person melee game since Condemned (actually better than). I never expected anything built on ♥♥♥♥♥♥ racist 90's Lo Wang to work, yet here we are, and it works - they turned Lo Wang into kind of a... samurai geek, and it's all just self-aware enough to work. Fantastic level design, ACTUAL HEALTH PICKUPS / no regenerating crap, and it all comes together beautifully.Please buy this game. And sing along with Lo Wang to Stan Bush, because yes that scene is just as cool and campy as the trailer makes it look."
,Recommended,233130,13366706,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,ToshRaka,"Lot of fun, exciting gameplay and epic storyline !"
76561197968407658,Recommended,233130,13541276,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,renmaster_10,"Fun throwback to the old school FPS, better than Duke Nukem, more in depth than Serious Sam9/10Needs more Wang."
,Recommended,233130,13545494,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Perrywinckle,"""A like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, C like Champion...""Probably the most heart I've ever seen in a video game. Or, you know, the opposite of heart. The one where everyone's a smarmy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who talks in nothing but insulting one liners. So you know, a game where everyone talks like me. Needless to say it's pretty magical."
76561198034818570,Recommended,233130,13546130,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,freaklloyd24,"Its been many years since I last played Shadow warrior on the PC. I have to say the remake of the original is FREAKING AWESOME. Using your sword to slice and dice your enemies. And using all your weapons to your advantage KICKS♥♥♥♥♥Lo Wang is back with the vengeance. Very addictive game. You can always go back to find any secret areas you have missed.Lots of replay value. Very funny comedy moments.Works flawlessly on my intel gaming build.i5 2500k, GIGABYTE Z68 UD4 XP MOBO. 8 GIG OF KINGSTON RAM. HD 7950  HIS ICEQ 3GB graphics card.Lo Wang's Datsun 240z looks freaking awesome. I love that car. NISMO.....Highly recommended for anyone out there who wants to KICKS SOME NINJA♥♥♥♥♥WHO WANTS SOME WANG.......................10/10"
,Recommended,233130,13546193,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,wd,Killed demons using demon hearts. Sword is better than any gun.11/10
76561198051121467,Recommended,233130,13549738,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,TMG-Doggo,Sushi simulator 2013
76561198135226817,Recommended,233130,13550881,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Icicle,"If you like first person shooters and chopping things to bits you will like Shadow Warrior, best first person melee I have seen."
76561198114189748,Recommended,233130,13553878,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Star Platinum,"it was good, just enough water 9/10"
,Recommended,233130,6727901,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,hbarSquared,♥♥♥♥ing amazing!
76561197971907582,Recommended,233130,12790005,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ThatWhichThinks,"This game is a blast to play.  The run-and-gun (or run-and-sword) gameplay has the perfect feel of old-school mobility combined with modern visuals and mechanics.  There are several sword techniques, magical powers, and guns to use, and the tactical combination of these elements with environmental damage to exploit makes each monster encounter genuinely fun to play.  The environments and levels are beautiful, ranging from expansive temple grounds to claustrophobic industrial complexes, and are almost as gratifying to explore as they are to cover in demon giblets.  The guns feel weighty and powerful, while remaining situational and specialized enough that no one firearm feels overpowered.Of course, the star of the show is the katana, which you will learn to use to great effect to slice demons into bite-sized chunks.Overall, the game is fast, brutal, and even has some bits of humor to it (the protagonist's remarks are good enough to be amusing, and luckily not so frequent as to become annoying).  This game effectively captures the spirit and much of the gameplay of late 90's masterpieces like Duke Nukem 3D.TL;DR: If you like Painkiller, Hard Reset, or run-and-gun gameplay, this game does it fantastically."
,Recommended,233130,12792956,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,What The Fup,"I like sword, it's a personal weapon!-Lo Wang"
76561198006626067,Recommended,233130,12793825,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Ven (Althurus Vendrius),"One of ther Funnest FPS I played in years.Great sense of Humor, the meele combat is very fun to use."
,Recommended,233130,12824926,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Archangel,"Short Review:An extremely well cured fps with lots of old school elements, such as simple minding shooting and lots of enemies, as well as some new mechanics, like upgrades, skills and even a healing spell. Despite being very linear and repetitive, it delivers to you what shooters nowadays forgot: mindless and exciting action!Long Review:Alongside Serious Sam BFE and maybe Bioshock (whichever you prefer), Shadow warrior is one of the best old school shooters of the last year and despite having two major flaws, the game is absolutely a blast to play through.While the story is surprisingly well told, even though not a main point of the game itself, and having both old school mechanis as well as new, the game is fast paced, filled with action, lots of different ways to complete the game and, most importantly for a fps, it's lots of fun.Like I said, the story is very good even though not the focus but the main character is very likeable and your companion is...quite amusing. While you'll never see your main antagonist until later the game is still engaging since the story slowly unfolds itself thanks to splendidly made cutscenes in a sort of 2.5D that really are a beauty: I honestly loved to watch them, and they were great: you can see how much passion it was put into this game but the details and the cure of each level.The gameplay is fast paced, well made and extremely fun: unlike common shooters, you can also use your sword and I can safely say, it's one of the strongest weapons in the game (minus the range, of course) and it can do a lot of different skills that actually are useful! The thrust is still the best, but it's just fun to experiment with each skill and weapons.For the weapons themselves, you have a good variety and if I have to pick a bad weapon, it's probably the flame thrower: it's not very good until you upgrade it to launch bombs, but even then you'll get a rocket launcher later...Each weapon can be upgraded individually and each are visually different when upgraded and are very strong, with most a secondary fire (which is usually needed to be bought first). I honestly can't say which is better since I kept switching weapons all the time: the action requires you to often switch weapons to the one you need the most, so I was never bored when it came to combat!In addition, the places are so well made, detailed, and some of them have even little easter eggs for those who played the original game. Thumbs up for that!Alas, my biggest problems with this games are two, and they are really...REALLY big in my opinion.1) It's extremely repetitive:  despite you can fight the enemies in various way and you -have- always variation, the fights are often the same and...yes you can easily win most of them by using one or two weapons. All the time. There is a lot of variation in weapons, skills and whatnot but how could they make the combat so dull and repetitive at the same time? I played in normal and the fights were not so hard and they were easily won by using the sword. Sure, some fights require you to actually switch weapons often, but that's probably a very big minority of it. That is also why I kept quitting the game: I just got bored too fast.2) It's linear: for being an old school shooter, the game is extremely linear and except for few shortcuts and hidden secrets, you really go through one single road. It's not small but at the same time you just cannot move as you please: you need to follow a road in order to go further, unlike the old school shooters where the exploration of a level was just part of the game itself. Amazing level design, but still too close to the general fps mind: long corridors with enemies to shoot.So if you ever wanted a good shooting game that isn't ""realistic"" and just wants you to shoot stuff? This game is for you.Just want some mindless gore and some swordplay? Then this game is for you.Just love some Wang? Then this game is for you.Absolute thumbs up for this fun game!"
,Recommended,233130,12825391,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,[G.O.D.] Russian of Doom,If you enjoy a good solid shooty stabby old school style FPS you will love this.
,Recommended,233130,12847305,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,what's your name skinny?,"His name is Lo Wang, that was enough reason for me to buy it."
,Recommended,233130,12851422,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Im Mr.Meeseeks Look At Me!,I havent had this much fun in along time!This game feels Amazing and looks good too!200/10
41619970123456789,Recommended,233130,13113237,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Zee_Captain,Fast paced violent blood gore and a magical joking oni what more could you ask for!
76561198027517385,Recommended,233130,13113467,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,bgm.1,"This has to be real value for your $$ , good fun."
76561197991855637,Recommended,233130,13114546,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Z☣mbievirus,I just say that i underastimated this game. It´s funny and good old shooting fun !
,Recommended,233130,13114599,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Funky Jim,im stephen hawking and with this game i finally recovered the ability to ♥♥♥♥ my disgusting excuse for a wife
,Recommended,233130,13115394,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,#BLAME IT ON ME™,"Great game , Sick Graphics!"
76561197970728128,Recommended,233130,13115477,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,#GLOCK-23,This game is worth every penny i beat it 2 times and i never play a game through twice
,Recommended,233130,13115504,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,apotos,Ridiculously fun run-and-gun (or slash) gameplay with a great sense of humor.
,Recommended,233130,13115812,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Saucy,FUN AS HELL
,Recommended,233130,13116059,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Bauni_Chhun.cfg,Amazing game. Just a helpful tip: don't kill the rabbits... don't..
,Recommended,233130,13116866,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,wardrich,"Wow!  I'm not too far into the game yet, but this is fantastic!  I'm a fan of the oldschool Shadow Warrior game and I must say this brings some seriously awesome new features to the table.  It's an entirely new game with an entirely new story, yes, but the system is great!  I really REALLY love how over-the-top violent it is haha."
,Recommended,233130,13117285,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Sukiiru,I dashed into a wall and died 10/10 would do again.
76561197962853163,Recommended,233130,13104879,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Samurai Bob,"Lots of guns, dismemberment, and cheesy puns. It was a lot of fun"
,Recommended,233130,13108883,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Vortex Riker,"Cant recommend this game enough. It surpassed my expectations. Graphics are REALLY good, and the action is intense. A+"
76561197997969723,Recommended,233130,13100705,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,ColonelSidequest,"Fun game! It's got a weak story, but entertaining & violent gameplay."
76561198055008956,Recommended,233130,13100740,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Phalanx_1988,Can cut basically everything in half 10/10
,Recommended,233130,13158091,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Arlight1,"I HIGHLY recommend this game. It is terrific.It is a first person sort of hack and slash that introduces weapons, magic, and your trusty katana.The story is very well written and the dialogue is superb. The characters are entirely captivating all throughout the game.This game is 100% worth the time and money spent on it."
,Recommended,233130,13160710,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ChillyCreator,This game is fantastic! It takes a break from the usual serious Call Of Duty games and throws you into an arcade action game which is absolutely hilarious! I would recommend this game to anyone - 8.5/10
,Recommended,233130,13345815,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,bassbot102,"Shadow Warrior is hard to describe in words. It's sci-fi, fantasy, guns, swords, magic... it's a whole series of things that seem like they wouldn't mix but do so very well. My only complaints with this game are 1. No multiplayer (although the ROTT remake's multiplayer seems like what this game's multiplayer would be) and 2. The levels are kindof mazelike, which I like a large level, except there is no map... a lot of your play time will be finding out where the hell you have to go. Other than that I highly reccomend it for a change of pace in FPS."
,Recommended,233130,13344898,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,cheeseds,Great action shooter and competent blade play
,Recommended,233130,14059567,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Ping Papsmear,tons of content. leveling up is rewarding and never seems tedious.  story gets surprisingly serious (and good) by the end.
,Recommended,233130,12930973,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Ste5e,"""You mess with the bull, you get the Wang.""- Lo WangCrazy chinese assassin and comic book movie nerd goes on murderous demon killing spree to save two worlds from total destruction. Recommended if you enjoy games with insane amounts of enemies on screen that are trying to kill you."
,Recommended,233130,12931196,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Hilderwulf,"This is the game duke nukem should of been. The controls throw me back to duke nukem 3D. So do the funny plotline and jokes.This game REALLY needs a samurai champloo mod with samurais and assasins!!! If you listen to some Love Mugen by Kyo Itachi to this game, it just fits so well. This game needs a champloo type mod!!!!!"
76561198051576068,Recommended,233130,12798758,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Galvene Gaming,"This Game is a lot of fun, the pacing for the first half of the game is almost perfect and you wont find a dull moment for a very long time.Although its jokes are immature they rarely fall flat and you will find yourself chuckling at some of the dialoge throughout the game. This humour is backed by a pretty decent plot, considering the type of the game and it will stay entertaining for the majority of the game.This being said, the game falls apart in the second half, the enermies are never a challenge and become annoying and tedious from chapter 12 onwards, the bosses are basically copy and pasted so after the first boss fight you will know all the mechanics and essentially be fighting the same boss.The graphics look like they come from 5 years ago not last year however they serve their purpose and the gore will distract you from the poor character models.Overall this game is above average and well worth playing on a lazy weekend, i give it a 6 out of 10 on the Wang-O-Meterfor a more in depth review please go tohttp://youtu.be/tzrqx1ESch0"
76561198003987457,Recommended,233130,12798780,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Paladin Leeroy,Fun old school shooter/slasher .
76561197976029885,Recommended,233130,12798838,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,[FNG] Ңαсқ Вαuєя њ,"Awesome...  even if you havn't played previous Shadow Warrior games, EPIC if you have.Lots of hidden items.Game detail, customatization, gore, weapons and controls (especially the sword) just makes this game addicting!!!"
76561198070330940,Recommended,233130,12798866,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,AstinDextor,"This game is one of the most pleasant surprises I have ever had in a game. I picked it up cheap and was expecting it to be an average shooter, and withint minutes it had me hooked. The writing is sharp and often laugh out loud funnny, and the swordplay is fantastically fun."
,Recommended,233130,4307809,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Brigador Lemur (SWE),"Quite possibly one of the best remakes of a classic game ever made.The swordplay in the game is outstanding and you can cut the enemies into pieces and you can even use special ki powers that will completely and utterly annihilate them.You can also upgrade the weapons you find in the game with improved magazines, extended barrels and much more that also can be seen on the weapon as well.The ki powers are also upgradable along with skills that can, for example, let you find more money and ammo and many other useful perks that will make your fight against Zilla and his army of demons a little bit easier.This is without a doubt Flying Wild Hog's best game up to date and it offers players some truly amazing sword and gun battles against both humans and demons, it is a must have for fans of the original as well as those who loved Hard Reset, Painkiller and similar titles."
,Recommended,233130,12801643,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,DJane,"""I AM UNSTOPPABLE"" - Lo wang, 2013"
76561198001582706,Recommended,233130,12804658,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Hattori Hanzo,"One of the best shooters I have played in the last years. Oldschool Action, Humor, Nice Visuals, Weapon-Upgrade-System, Gore, an awesome story and of course Lo Wang - Shadow Warrior offers all of that, and even more."
,Recommended,233130,12804678,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Freakydemon,They actually made a good FPS in 2013 and this is the one.
76561198029828587,Recommended,233130,12806342,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Melancholic,"Amazing game. From the dialogue to the game play, to all those little RPG elements that can be used to boost your character. The only thing I can think of that might put someone else off is it's not 'open world' but not every game needs to be. That and the boss fights can be a little easy but it's still easily one of the best games I've played in many years.Here's hoping for a sequel soon."
,Recommended,233130,12806799,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Dr. Jester - wubba lubba dub dub,Worth EVERY PENNY.Awesomely done!
76561198089593851,Recommended,233130,12808406,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Sub-0NT,"A very decent reconstruction of an actuall Shadow Warrior based on Duke Nukem's engine back in late 90's. I played the original back then and I played this. If you'll compare this to the DK Forever better no to, 'cause SW is like 1000 times better remake. Though I didn't quite get why have they change the original bold chinese Ninja master Lo Wang, who had this cool Japanese accent and he even a rap song (check on tube) to this New Jersey american swagger, guess it's a trend nowadays. Anyway, the game is funny, a very solid product for its classical genre with a very interesting story by the way. Totally recommended if you are not a stranger to FPS with a Katana in your hands :]"
76561198079413902,Recommended,233130,12808495,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Streets Took My Conscience,"Great game. I picked this game up when it was on sale from 29.99 to 7.49. Its got lots of action, its very funny and very very enjoyable.  Looks very nice in high setting but still looks nice in low settings. Has no lag and im playing on a laptop. 10/10."
76561198057709051,Recommended,233130,12810176,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Ronin,"PC Gamer - ""Shadow Warrior's fast-paced combat is a fitting tribute to the action-packed first-person shooters of the mid- 90's""Great game, glad it held on to its roots. 10$, at the time of this post, is a steal."
76561198095022453,Recommended,233130,12810623,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,SevenLeafChief,"I usually don't write reviews but i came here to say i just spent 30 minutes on the first level jumping around in the water with ultra graphics because it just looks that f***ing eyepopping, this game is absolutely beatiful on ultra and worth the 10 bucks right now just for this alone... i havent even really gotten to the combat yet.... but decapitating ppl and demons with swards? i'm in"
,Recommended,233130,12810855,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,I Eat Loli,"I have never heard of this game until i saw it for a deal and I was intrged by it. When I bought it OoO my world changed. this game is hella fun cheesy one liners but thats what makes it fun and awsome I wish it was mutiplayer so we can play with our friends but hey, this is already fun how it is. I would recommened this game to friends."
,Recommended,233130,8188191,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Bozzy,"This game is SOOOOOOO fun. Swordplay is fantastic, probably the best in any game i have ever played. guns are a bit meh, but get better with time, combat in every way is nice, movement is sweet, the feedback when you hit enemies is great. Having SO much fun with this game, you should get it."
,Recommended,233130,8190414,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Shadow_gunner007,"Just finished it. An awesome re-imagining of the original. Just beware the bamboo when searching for secrets, got stuck more then a few times."
,Recommended,233130,8425896,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Greyclaw,Probably my game of the year. Draws you in with extremely fun hack and slash gameplay and then immerses you in a story that makes you feel true emotional attatchment to the characters and creates an amazing and incredibly funny atmosphere between Wang and his companion.
76561198026018092,Recommended,233130,8427019,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,adshead,great fps hack n slash shooter filled with comedy
76561197973766362,Recommended,233130,8427138,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SCUM,"An extremely mixed bag, though one that errs on the side of positive.  It also provides melee. Melee. IT PROVIDES GOOD FIRST PERSON MELEE! MELEE! HIT STUFF WITH SWORD!Sorry, I get excited by good melee.Shadow Warrior takes a lot of elements from all previous People Can Fly and Flying Wild Hog games (Painkiller, Bulletstorm, Hard Reset) as well as adding its own unique twists to the whole. The engine and general feel of the game is reminiscent of the previous FWH product, Hard Reset, with the rather nice looking environs, somewhat quirky movement as well as the fact 90% of the environment explodes in very gratuitous manners. Take these factors and the skill shot system from Bulletstorm being blended into the mix and there is a nice recipe for total ott carnage. I guess there are best methods of killing stuff just to get through the game, but with the incentive to cause wanton madness its possibly a good idea to muck about as much as possible. Also using special moves with the sword is a great way to rack up the kills effectively.DID I MENTION THE MELEE? THE MELEE! etc...Shadow warrior is one of the few games that started me out with a sword and I ended up using the sword as the main weapon of choice all the way right up to the end. It may have been something to do with the fact most guns feel very gimpish when first picked up, but these eventually upgrade (Hard Reset style) to be mass killing machines,  but given the choice between shooting enemies with a mildly satisfactory SMG at a distance while racking up a low score, or barging in to the centre of them all, cutting down a few to get to the heart of the battle before spinning like a tornado and hurling limbs and heads everywhere... a bit of a no brainer.Level design is somewhat hit and miss. It makes good use of good old secrets and nicely placed destructibles in arenas, but like Serious Sam it is largely a number of wide arenas linked by a short corridor for Wang to deliver some one-liners. The later levels from the docks onward can also drag on, with one science lab section an almost Halo degree of annoyance in repetitive and confusing passages, leaving things feeling largely inconsistent like Hard Reset before it.If there is any strong criticism it comes in some of the cheesy referential humour, with some jokes bordering on blatantly racist. Also the game feels far too long considering the content it has. The levels would not have felt as repetitive if there were more environments to traverse or there was some interesting FPS platforming (Yes I said it. The original Shadow Warrior had some great levels on top of mountains) but the engine may have got in the way, especially with Mr Wang's bounce.All in all, advised. Not an old, old school shooter like some make it out to be (it is very 1999 - 2003) but a great dollop of fun if you can endure the over long and repetitive levels."
,Recommended,233130,8254255,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Titus Pullo,"Shadow Warrior is fast paced, fun, brutal...what more do you need? I highly recommend this game to anyone.Time to finish: 18 hours (with some afk)New Game+ adds replay value."
,Recommended,233130,8428938,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SpicyRichter,"I went into this game with some reservations, but after watching the quick look on Giant Bomb, I got pretty pumped to play this.First, the game looks great. There's a ton of art in here, and this does NOT look like a budget title. Lots of highly detailed art, and a lot of the levels have a great 'classical' Japanese look (if you're into that sort of thing).The gameplay, mainly the sword/gunplay is quite fun. The skils add some quick patterns to tap out in order to heal yourself, do power slashes, and so on. They add enough veriety and challenge to the gameplay to make the play loop pretty fun.The music and sound is pretty good too.The overarching story is basically a nonsensical Japanese-style mythos, but the moment to moment stuff is pretty basic. The humor is pretty funny most of the time, and I really like Hochi. The game never really dips to the racist humor of the original.Downsides? The enemy types aren't veried, and are the same for every environment. The levels seem a little too long and 'samey'. For the price, the game probably could have been a lot shorter and more 'concentrated'. I don't need 20 hours out of a $20 game"
76561197997894586,Recommended,233130,8429723,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Pashy,Really good fun and some fights as hard as hell!  Good story!
,Recommended,233130,8430902,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Krigsbjorn,Really fun old school fps game!
,Recommended,233130,8407079,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,VAsCo,"Just an amazing game.Funny script, the gameplay its really joyful and the graphics wont disapoint you aswell!Must Buy 10/10!"
,Recommended,233130,8410085,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,mrcube,"This game is a flashback to the 90s, before FPS games started taking themselves seriously. Shadow Warrior gives you a lot of weapons, and then throws wave after ridiculous wave of the same five enemies at you.The meat of the game is the weapons, and they're a lot of fun to use, particularly your main weapon, the katana. Unlockable special attacks and magical Ki powers add up to a delicious murder buffet. The game encourages you to mix things up by giving you a score after each battle based on the variety and effectiveness of your attacks, rewarding you with bonus Karma points (and unlike on Reddit, these Karma points actually matter).The story, told through a series of beautiful animated cutscenes, is surprisingly not bad. Obviously, story is not the game's primary focus; the pacing is terrible and the somber tone is mismatched to the rest of the game, which is all absurd machismo and silly one-liners. But it is interesting enough that you won't want to skip the interludes.I'm glad games like this are still being made. It's a refreshing break from the serious, gritty, big-money FPSs that dominate today."
,Recommended,233130,8180164,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Ya Girl RadNat,"This game is Fantastic! Slicing through demons with cool sword moves is awesome! Plus it has a great sense of humour, and tons of retro trhough backs. Very much a classic PC shooter feel to it! MUST BUY"
76561197970408960,Recommended,233130,8440162,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,TheAquaticApe,"Old school meets modern graphics. The gunplay is pretty basic, but the sword play, powers, and quirky story makes this a fun game."
,Recommended,233130,8441221,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Slayorwrath,"This one's a no brainer if you enjoyed the old school shooters, Much like Serious Sam 3 came back almost the same as it was (albeit with better gfx and some new mechanics) Shadow Warrior has come back to kick♥♥♥♥♥ the swordplay in this game feels as fluid as the l4D series but it's muchly improved in comparison, the weapons are interesting and varied, though their strength will leave you relying on your sword a lot.If you're thinking about picking this one up I'd say go for it, you won't regret it :)"
76561198051754194,Recommended,233130,8248211,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,tribreso,"Old style FPS. Quick and dirty, full of funny things and videogame quotes. Gameplay is repetitive in the long run, but the katana system is probably one of the best ever.7/10"
,Recommended,233130,8441518,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Manablight,Personally my Fav FPS this year.
,Recommended,233130,8257294,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Broken,"This is probably one of the best games of 2013.It has an interesting storyline, and because of the nature of the characters, I will remember them. Lo Wang has lots of wisecracks that will make you laugh. There are also lots of things like fortune cookies, and statues that get you money in game that makeyou check every nook and cranny. The sword fighting is fluid and very good. Things also respond how you think they would. There are destructible items and walls get slash marks on them when you hit them with a sword. The blood and gore is also great. It is a lot of fun dashing up to an enemy and using your sword to slice his arm of from the shoulder, then watching him stumble back in agony as he tries to figure out what the hell hit him. Then he will swing his other arm at you, and you slice him in half. Then his guts pour out and there is blood everywhere. The gunplay is also very good (better than COD). When you shoot someone with a revolver you can blow their arms and legs off. Or you can blow their head to little bits and blood.The graphics are 2011 at best. But I am sure by next year sometime, as this game is still early in it's life, there will be mods and ENB. But it is quite saturated and looks very good. Models are well done and blood looks good. This game can look very good on good computers, but, because of lots of graphics options, it can run smooth on old computers as well. With a loss of quality. There are also 3 different default sword models. The katana, an axe, and a baseball bat called the excalibat. You can switch these in the options menu.Overall this game is very good and I definitely reccomend it. But don't play it next to your 6 year old son."
,Recommended,233130,8441843,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Ben O. Vabich,hilarious and great gameplay. worth every penny.
76561198028271661,Recommended,233130,8443076,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Nordstrom rei,"This game started as just a rude, crude, socially unnaceptable romp, and morphed into a complex, absorbing world. The combat is difficult and engaging with a very rewarding upgrade system for weapons and powers that can cater to anyones play style. The story takes the back seat until the second half of the game when it comes in swinging, and will knock you on your♥♥♥♥♥crying for more by the time it's over."
,Recommended,233130,8443297,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,irnbrualchemist,"My game of the year for 2013. A proper old school fps, minus 90's level design. Haven't had this much fun from a game in years!"
,Recommended,233130,13615659,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Penthouse Pauper,Old skool gameplay. New skool skin. Aint get much better than this.
,Recommended,233130,13628497,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Baphomet,Pretty good remake that errs a bit more on the serious side than the previous game. The swordplay is really fun.
76561198029059559,Recommended,233130,13630347,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Vui (¬_¬ ) (＃￣ω￣),"Very fun game with a story. Combat is a bit slow but satishfying. The story is suprisingly enjoyable, although simple. A bit too much scenic gore for my taste. Also, the linear level design is disguised pretty well. This is a must-buy if it's on sell."
,Recommended,233130,13641381,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Michel Sardou road to 1 MMR,"I was an absolute fan of the old school version (man i'm old...)This new one rocks as much as the first Wang did!It's intensive, funny and pretty! What can we ask for?I wish Duke Nukem Forever was as good as this Wang Simulator...Unleash the Lo Wang!"
,Recommended,233130,13642869,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Dead$hot,DAMN !!!!
,Recommended,233130,13633765,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,briablo,PROS:-Check your brain at the door action-Funny-Slightly less racist than the original-It has an old school shooter feel and it revels in it.-You've got the touch-You've got the powerCONS:-Takes itself seriously during some cut scenes-It has an old school shooter feel and it revels in it.-It's a better game in one hour bits
76561198048595542,Recommended,233130,13644868,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Clacker,"Demons! Swords! Explosions!  great FPS, great game."
,Recommended,233130,13649555,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,macwell23,"You run around chopping up demons, bliss."
76561197990419473,Not Recommended,233130,13649614,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Sanatukai,"Though i kinda like the style of acton beat em up style game and it does not bad, i just Can't recomend this  game after playing more of the game. This game is not all bad. Really bad miss oportunity to make the game allot better."
76561198004629176,Recommended,233130,13649684,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,NArc,The good-Lots of laugh out loud moments-Great graphics-Good value-Stable no crashes-Lots of hidden items and things to see-Great control for a first-person melee game-Very fast action with the sword combos-Great story and cut-scenesThe bad-Repetative battles-Linear-Probably could have condensed the game into less chapters...lots of fillerFor $4 this was an awesome game!
,Recommended,233130,13650197,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Aveli Sexy Guy,My only complain is that the game is a little bit more linear than I expected it to be.Otherwise a great game!
,Recommended,233130,13650365,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,-AG-DJ_PheeCees,"It's a simple linear run and gun, but it's a lot of fun!"
,Not Recommended,233130,13650936,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Tarmac Hunter,"I wanted to like this game - indeed it pushed the nostalgia button for the good ol' DOS days... but it never did wind up impressing me. The vast majority of the game is just a boring slog-fest of clearing room after room of increasingly irritating enemies. The level design is visually pretty enough I suppose, but ultimately feels like a bunch of linked corridors and rooms with which to funnel the aformentioned annoying badies into.The weapons are also mostly a let-down: they feel like pea shooters, save for the sword which has very short range, and just take too long to take anything down, particularly the nastier creatures late in the game. You do end up getting special powers and special sword strikes which help alleviate the feeling of being underpowered, but the guns themselves still feel undwhelming even after being upgraded.Then finally there's the story: it can't seem to decide if it wants to be serious or funny, and I feel it ultimately fails at both. Mr. Wang, the protagonist, seems to try a little too hard to quip in with the one-liners, and they usually just come off as corny and unamusing. By the time I finished the game I was just glad it was over, and had no desire to replay it again. I would have been rather upset had I paid full price for the game at launch... it barely felt worth the $3.99 I paid for it during the Winter Sale.Verdict: Just pass on this one."
,Recommended,233130,13651288,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Borsig,"A seriously good game, very unexpected to have this much fun and challenge. I played the game on insane mode as my first playthrough which made fights last longer and harder. What makes this game fun is it's combat and humour, and only dying felt repetitive, I was able to improve my playstyle to beat levels so I didn't feel like anything was the game's fault. You use a combination of sword powers and guns, which has a really good upgrade system to improve your chances of survival, I felt healing was one of the best trees to level. The characters and story were entertaining and good, as well as the setting it was based in (sudo-japan) with the occasional boss fight between levels. The fidelity of the game impressed me and I felt like it was similar to serious sam games which wasn't a turn off since I liked that series. The only problem I had was performance, although I felt like my CPU was bottlenecking my performance. There was a lot of screen tearing no matter what I did."
,Recommended,233130,13651361,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Darthvegeta800,"This game was an unexpected gem. I had heard a lot of good stuff about it but i didn't expect it to be this good.For starters the gameplay is awesome. Fluid and easy to use you can go through the game gunslinging, swordwielding or using chi powers or more likely a mix of all of them.If you collect gold and secrets... an easy feat if you're thorough (getting them all is more challenging!!!) allows you to unlock most if not all things near the end of the game.There is a distinct RPG element. You improve your Chi abilities (healing, telekinesis, defensive spells etc), upgrade your sword abilities, upgrade your weapons (weapons that become truly cheesy and over the top as you upgrade them!!!) and thus you truly feel like there is progression in the game. Your char becomes a veritable badass.The swordplay and use of special abilities is exquisite and although I used all weapons and many abilities I did mostly focus on swordplay for large sections of the levels and it is extremely satisfying the way the sword handles.Gunplay is not to be underestimated and just as cool and over the top. Dual wielding submachine guns, upgrading your shotgun to become a 4 barrelled monstrosity or unleashing fiery deaths with a blazing upgraded flamethrower.A good mixture and variety of weapons, abilities and skills spice things up and keep everything exciting.There is decent enemy variety but it's the bossfights that steal the show.Avoiding spoilers i'll just say these things are BIG!!!The storyline is also awesome. It starts out purposely cheesy an cliché but halfway the storyline things become far more enthralling with a last quarter that will make you want to push through just to know the conclusion.A conclusion that is most gripping and impactful... no mean feat for an FPS!The cast is brilliant especially your 'companion' Hoji who ensures that the hero 'Wang' can unleash frequent comical banter. The two work brilliantly together.The 'employer' Zilla and his Twin Assassins showed a lot of promise and although not the main focus of the storyline proved quite entertaining. In fact Hoji's side of the story is an epic Japanese mythological tale while Wangs side of it all feels like a cheesy cool-factor rich over the top aciton flick. And the two sides of the coin mesh brilliantly albeit unexpectedly.Humor, meta humor and injokes are a constant throughout the game, the same with the amusing collectible fortune cookies.I also wish to mention there is an EX mode which i have yet to tackle but it allows you to replay the game keeping all you unlocked. A feature i ALWAYS appreciate in games with an rpg system.Next time i play the game i shall be digging into it.All in all, this is a must buy for fans of the FPS genre. Especially if you want a mix of all that is good about modern shooters and all that is good about the old retro shooters.Add in the awesome setting, atmosphere, dialogue and gameplay options and you probably get my shooter of the year. Perhaps even... ever? Certainly Top 5 favourite FPS's ever. And an experience in itself.Now here's hoping we get a sequel with even more bang for our buck!"
76561198140693645,Recommended,233130,13653131,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,nganesh2,"Excellent! having played the original and craving a good ol' fashion FPS, this one does the trick. Excellent visuals and a strong storyline to boot."
,Recommended,233130,8249257,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Hello Kitty <3,Killed a Bunny during Sex. It turned Black with a Shining Force Field around it and attacked me while Heavy Metal began playing.11/10 Game of the Year!
,Recommended,233130,8221375,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,☼Infernal Dalek☼,"His name is Lo Wanghe fires guns with a bang.He also dismembers demon hoardswith Japanese swordsuntil their blood soaks his tang.Seriously, though, this game is viscerally satisfying in ways I should probably tell an overpaid psychology major about. Just kidding, don't give those guys money. Give the people who made this game money. They're doing God's work."
,Recommended,233130,8221502,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Can I Borrow A Feeling?,"Hyper, crazy, old school style FPS with wall to wall gore, gus, a crazy katana and an overaly great time! The story is great, and the voice acting solid. It's filled with puns, jokes and other humoris things that go beyond video game cring jokes, and are actually funny. It's a remake of the same game from 97 called Shadow Warrior. Either way the only complaint I have with this so far fantastic game is the lack of direction. The game trying to keep true to form, doesn't include any sort of help in where to go. This could leave you (and did) in some cases just wondering and getting angry at the game. It breaks that fantastic immersion you have when playing, and sadly leaves you feeling like a CSI cop trying to work out where the heck to go! Also, be ready for a long game. It's a good one at that, but it's long. Ranging some where between 15-18 hours. WhIch is great because not many games these days offer such length. If you're seeing this game when it's on sale, IT'S A MUST GET!"
76561198050957861,Recommended,233130,8222143,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,▓M E M E S▓,"the most fun and high quality game I have played for years!It's as funny as saints row IV only it is cheaper, more witty and oiverall betterthe melee combat is unbeatable.you MUST buy this game!"
,Recommended,233130,8222465,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,reaper,much gore. such fun. WOW. very graphics. nice katana. WOW
,Recommended,233130,3020137,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Losti,Awesome game!
76561198029482734,Recommended,233130,8223789,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Ennesia,"I'd recommend this game to anyone who enjoy a old school style fps, exellent game and the best fps I've played in years."
,Recommended,233130,8223790,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Ｐｒｏｓ.  𝓙𝒆𝒇𝒇,10/10
,Recommended,233130,8224490,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dr. Wolfjob M.D.,A great mindless violence game with cheesy one-liners and tons of gratuitous violence.
76561198015410543,Recommended,233130,8226529,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,hellperm,Best old school single player of the year!!!
,Recommended,233130,8226989,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,SpaceToa,"A Great somewhat return to the shooters of old like Duke Nukem 3d and Doom. Quality action shooter with some nice challenge to it! Deft worth getting when its on sale, dont buy full price since it has little replay value unless you like achivement hunting and finding all the secrets. Still a lot of good time!"
,Recommended,233130,8228143,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,CockyKyle,"If you like serious games with lots of guns and katanas, blood and gore, stupid and crude humor, explosions and total badassery, then this game is for you.Graphics are great, music is good, the action is great. There is a power tree, a skill tree, and theres gun upgrades that make your character even more badass. The game is even greater if you've played the original."
76561197982597501,Recommended,233130,8228369,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Fractured Fox,"Alot of fun, the Combat with the katana is some of the most fun I have had in an FPS in a long time, the Taunts while generic come every now and then not all the time.  Definetely good to see a retro game done right."
,Recommended,233130,8184829,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,v0id,THIS GAME IS THE BEST ♥♥♥♥ING THING BESIDES WEED
,Recommended,233130,8186348,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Great Googly Moogly,"This game is brilliant.The katana in this game is one of the most fun weapons I've used in any game, it's just way too fun to wade through a throng of demons, slashing them to bloody chunks. The guns feel great, they feel powerful, and there are few better sights than watching a demon disintegrate into a gooey red splatter when you unload a shotgun into it point blank.The enemy variety is really good, in my opinion. When you start facing multiple greater demons you really have to begin thinking about which of the millions of enemies you should reduce to red paste first; should you take out the giant, axe-wielding monster who enrages all the litte guys? Do you take down the giant necromancer who is constantly spawning skeletons and resurrecting the enemies you slay? Do you focus on taking down the horde first so they aren't chewing on your♥♥♥♥♥♥while you fight the big threats? Whatever your choice, you have a spectacular array of weapons, each with secondary fire that alters the functionality of the weapon (such as the crossbow launching bolts with sticky bombs on them).It is an old-school style shooter in the style of Serious Sam, Duke Nukem, or (obviously) the original Shadow Warrior. Hordes of enemies to chew through and loads of weapons to use. So if you like good, old-fashioned gorey shooter goodness, this is the game for you!"
76561198010207206,Recommended,233130,8187328,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,spankhur,Love the way u chop up enemies into little pieces
,Recommended,233130,14076699,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Newman,"If you're in the market for an old-school, arcadey FPS with a good aresnal plus a Freaking Katana, where slicing up demons MGS:Revengance style is the name of the game, then look no further."
76561197992725777,Recommended,233130,14289964,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,KungFuBrad,"Whether you're a fan of the classic Shadow Warrior or not, you have to play this game. Fantastic graphics, hilarious innuendos and one-liners with katana sword fighting and bad♥♥♥♥♥♥weapons. All set to beautiful backgrounds with tyko drum music when leading up to a big fight.Go smash some demons and have some fun :)"
76561198002921817,Recommended,233130,14307461,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Roxor McOwnage,"I really enjoyed Shadow Warrior. I fully recommend it to anyone who likes shooters, particularly the old-school, run-and-gun, type. The swordplay is super fun. There were plenty of guns and upgrades and such, but the sword is the real star. Combat is fast paced and fluid. Ki powers are also a cool addition, though I seemed to forget about a couple of them.Many times during the game, I was very impressed with the graphics. Man, we have come a long way. The humor was also pretty great too. Too many Wang jokes to list. Believe it or not, the story actually was halfway decent as well.8/10. Would disembowel mating rabbits again."
76561197989990773,Recommended,233130,14299782,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,TheRealDrHouse,"Underrated gem of a game.  Fans of classic shooters will like it.  If you are looking for a deep storyline and next-gen graphics (it looks OK but nothing special), look elsewhere, but if you want to have fun, this game is for you."
,Recommended,233130,13400272,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Jvs,"First FPS where the melee mechanics are pretty good.The guns are quite ""meh"", their upgrades aren't that exciting compared to how much the sword can ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up.There's a magic spells system to spice things up a bit.The story is really cheesy and with a few puns in between.Pretty good game overall, my only gripe is for the guns being underpowered compared to the sword."
,Recommended,233130,13032044,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,BazZzilio_lighter,"Весёлый, старомодный шутер с катаной, которая в кой-то веке реализована действительно круто! Расчленёнка и чёрный юмор присутствуют в огромном количестве. Оптимизирована игра жаль не очень, выглядит на уровне пастген - проектов, но фпс заметно проседает при появлении большого количества врагов, а тут это очень критично. Но всё-же катана здесь вывозит, с ней играть это невероятное веселье!"
76561198054862420,Recommended,233130,13297468,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,ibangdthat_chick,"I actually really like this game. The graphics are great, its is funny, and i find it a lot of fun. I loved it the second the intro started and he was listening to the 80s song stan bushs the touch"
,Recommended,233130,13298818,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,thearrow,A great fun game that will fly by
,Recommended,233130,13299196,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Liamo Luo,"""Who wants some Wang?""Brilliant. Always thought the game looked a bit poor from the store page, however it came up on sale so I checked out some footage and it seemed pretty decent. But when I got playing I loved it. Its rare a game now keeps my attention to keep me playing but this certainly did. This game is what Duke Nukem should have been!Theres guns, plenty of guns, and upgrades for guns!!! But who cares about the guns? I didn't. It was all about the sword! The melee combat is great, the guns help in certain situations, especially loved firing 3 Nuke Dukem rockets at a large mob! Nice reference to the king baby!The game also had my laughing constantly. Wangs one liners and his interaction with Hoji is fantastic. Also, if you see any bunnies making love.... well cut them up and you'll see!    \m/ (-_-) \m/Certainly worth a playthrough. Took me about 10 hours. However I missed a lot of secrets, but I wasn't really looking as its not my thing, I like to just play through the story of a game. However if you're after secrets I imagine that could double the length of the game for you atleast."
,Not Recommended,233130,13299270,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Interference,"The gunplay and using the katana is fun, but the game is way too long. There's not too many different enemies and the games way of changing encounters is giving you more of the same enemies and more of the same minibosses.Of the superpoweres you can get the healing is best one, and I barely used the rest because of the underwhelming power of those.This game might be fun to play in short bursts over a few weeks, but playing through it in about a week made the game unenjoyable for me. Thus I would not recommend this game."
,Recommended,233130,13438359,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,drbouncyballs™,gets hit by huge running demonhardly takes damagehas a 4 foot falldies11/10would fall again
76561197983684460,Recommended,233130,12981799,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,jamesfobbs,"Mess with the bull, you get the Wang! Love this game. Old school at heart but with modern graphics and feel. Was impressed with the length as well (thats what she said!) Plenty of easter eggs and secrets to keep you looking in every corner and the boss battles are pretty epic. Not to mention the snappy wit of Lu Wang (your character) to keep you smiling and shaking your head lol!"
,Recommended,233130,12985321,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Alessandro Mattos,This is really a great game! 9/10
,Recommended,233130,12987013,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Vultrux,"An awesome little game. Bunch of weapons and skills to accomodate a few playstyles throughout the game and a nice story. I got about 12 hours of play out of it and I bought it on sale. Completely worth it if its on sale, and if you enjoy games like this one its still worth it if it isn't on sale."
76561198082454502,Recommended,233130,12988615,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,capri2wd,"As my first PC FPS game it was easy to get in to, had logical controls (360 controler), and most of all kept me hooked till the end!There were a few bugs along the way, that occasionally meant having to start the chapter again but no biggie.I would highly recomend this game!"
,Recommended,233130,13608705,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Girigo,"Good gameplay with great feels, really worth the price and when its on sale i really had no reason not to buy it!"
,Not Recommended,233130,13609808,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Friendo,"Little problems scattered through the game annoyed me too much to give a positive on this one. Levels are mostly glorified corridors...filled with exploding cars or barrels...it often leads to you getting a wicked killing spree and having fun, then abruptly exploding and dying when your sword grazes an explodable object. The story is meh, but I wasn't expecting much. The main character is pretty funny, similar to Duke Nukem. The skill system is done well and offers a lot of upgrades for how you kill thing and protect yourself. The gameplay itself is fun except for what I mentioned at the start. I'd give 7/10 only buy if it's on sale."
76561198042037294,Recommended,233130,13611865,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ClockWorkWilly,"Nice gamesimply fun, worth spending upto £10 for. Reminds me of Kill Bill withover the top gore;)if you played and liked serious sam, postal and Duke nukem and so on, you will enjoy this.i give it thethumbs upworth both the time and little money i spent on it."
76561198169131684,Recommended,233130,13621096,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ballisticpayday,amasing
,Recommended,233130,13450070,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Quadrifolco,"Very good game, a lot of fun"
,Recommended,233130,13601403,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,birb (・８・),never knew that shurikens can make cars explode11/10
76561198018288567,Recommended,233130,13584066,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ControlAltDefeat,"I bought this game on sale as an impusle buy. Thought it would be a hack n slash, turns out to have been a really fun game. I enjoyed it all the way through and would deffinatly have paid more then $4 had I known how fun the game would be."
,Recommended,233130,13586762,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Dreadshade,"I haven't played the original game, but this remake brings back a lot of old fun stuff. I recomand the game for a couple of hours of mass demons slauthering."
76561197991607438,Recommended,233130,9648760,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,YoGetDog,BEST FPS IN THE LAST DECADE...................no really it is
,Recommended,233130,9648823,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Llamasaber,This game is good.
,Recommended,233130,9768644,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Hidnreaper07,"This game is really well developed and improved from an original version that was made in 1997. For those who do not know this is a hack and slasher game that slices your enemies into bits. This game also includes some hilarious scenes that will make one chuckle and giggle. The story of the game is really well done. I did not think this game would last as long as I thought it would, but it proved me wrong. This game lasted quite a bit and I was happy to play it through. If one is going to purchase this game you will not be let down."
76561198012108903,Recommended,233130,9774796,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Nemm,"8-9/10 - Buy it once it's on sale! - Even though it is not perfect, for someone not having played the original, this game is amazing!I finished playing Shadow Warrior today, and I have to say - it's INCREDIBLE!Main character's hilarious, story is far from predictable (in my eyes), combat has very fitting sounds, visuals are fun, Blood and Gore in an appropriate, rather humorous amount, surprising variety of enemies, ACTUAL LENGHT! (took me 13 hrs as a casual-action-fan to finish), and some fun twists on the weapons.In my opinion? Easily better than CoD/BF Single-Player, on the levels of Painkiller regarding the fun, and LOTS of references to other games.And the fortune cookies always make for a good laugh!If you do not own it: Buy it. If you are low on money, wait for 50-75% off and grab it!Belongs as much in the collection of every good gamer as the good Duke Nukem-titles."
,Recommended,233130,9745499,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Snufkin,I loved it! Happy slashing!
,Recommended,233130,9668146,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,you got diciplined bro,"Very fun game with an arcadey hand-n-slash like feel to it. I loved the original shadow warrior and this relaunch does it justice. The title preserves that tacky chinese stereotype hero smart♥♥♥♥♥that, in my opinion, is almost as good if not better than Duke Nukem' himself. Upgradeble perks and weapons, fun combat and visceral limb slashing blood-spilling demon slaying awesomeness make for a simple, rewarding and fun to play game."
,Recommended,233130,9669866,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,BMayyne,This game is the first person samurai game I've always dreamed of!
,Recommended,233130,9670023,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Slaughter House,Love this game. The combination of sword and gunplay is awesome...
,Recommended,233130,9670430,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Thomas the Dank Engine,Very sweet remake of the old late 90's classic. Fun combat!
,Recommended,233130,9671862,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,iSc00t,"Shadow Warrior surprised me in quite a few ways, but most of all story. Like... there is one; and its actually pretty good. The character Lo Wang starts out as just an excuse for a bad pun and then eventually grows into someone who actually had some real depth. The other characters follow suit and their development as you progress through the story is commendable. Really in the end what made me finish this game was wanting to see how things progressed and ended.Graphic are pretty good and at times the environments can be breathtaking. Locations you will be visiting are numerous and each has its own charm.Game play is pretty good as well. The weapons all handle as they should and landing a killer slice with your katana that perfectly separates your enemy into little pieces never gets old. The pacing at times feels a lot like the Serious Sam franchise, which is good thing. Near the end of the game the battles do tend to feel a bit tedious (was playing on Hard) where in order to make things more difficult they just spawn more boss monsters at one time.Over all this game is a fun experience and if you ever see it on sale its a no brainier to pick up."
,Recommended,233130,9672727,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,dreamslides,"Excellent game, very fun!"
76561198046250428,Recommended,233130,9673982,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,shoten,This is such a lovely game seriously.- Sword play- Gun play- MagicIt's all up to you which you'd like to emphasize more.- Really funny commentary from Lo Wang & Co- Lots of gore- Dismemberment- Environmental destruction- Beautiful graphics- Neat secrets and eastereggs- A game which doesn't take itself too seriously :D
,Recommended,233130,9674267,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,AxaloN,"I Bought this Game for $10 and now as i am playing i think back to myself ""This game really is worth $39.99"" so i recomend this game to anyone who likes gory killing games also it come with a free copy of Viscera Cleanup Detail: Shadow Warrior (Cleaning up the mess you made) so all and all GREAT GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!! amd definatily worth the money."
,Recommended,233130,7972783,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,aXe,"Lo Wang goes out and hacks people and demons to ribbons looking for a sword. I could stop the review there as that's all there really is to it (not a bad thing)! All the usual FPS weapons are here aside from the katana. Using this weapon is a shed load of fun. After eighteen hours mostly just using the sword I'm still not bored with it. There are three settings you can choose for your sword which determines how precise your playing needs to be to get the sword to swing where you want. I can't recall a FPS with better melee combat than this.You can upgrade the weapons (which saves the rather generic weapons from becoming too boring), learn new passive skills and some new actual powers. These include a kind of telekinesis, knock downs, more powerful sword strikes and an energy shield. The explanation for these abilities is that they use your ki. These abilities add a lot variety to the game and are much more fun than my description probably makes them out to be.It's heavilly steeped in oriental theme and the humour is fantastic. Right from hearing the guys name is 'Wang' you know you're going to be in for a laugh. The dynamic between Wang and his partner keeps me smiling and some of Wang's one liners are classic. Complaining about FPS style puzzles or a particular cliche in a way that is almost fourth wall breaking. Very witty, very well done.Its a fast paced all out action game reminiscent of the original. The odd door puzzle breaks up the pace but on occasion it breaks it at the wrong places creating a bit of frustration. Despite Shadow Warrior being much like older shooters (well it is a remake, at one time it was one of those) its fast pace and linear maps don't suit door puzzles. They feel like an artificial way to change the games pace and don't really fit, they just stop you in your tracks and that feels wrong here. In the original things were a little slower and more maze like, there was a point to door puzzles, it fit the gameplay. It doesn't here in most places. Enemy variety is a little lacking as well. If it were not for the super fun sword play and special powers these things would have killed the game for me. Also the boss fights on the insane setting are booooring! Hit point sponges that take an age to kill, otherwise it's a fun challenge.There is no co op or deathmatch but don't let that put you off. It's a fun blast (or slash) that is now on my favourites list."
,Recommended,233130,11521489,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Shrooms,Unlike ROTT this was a masterfully done throw back.
,Recommended,233130,7314622,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Skyclaw,"So yea, you know how I said Painkiller is probably my favorite FPS games of all time. Well, if this game hasn't replaced it, it's a close runner up. I don't even know where to start, it's out of control. Right when the game starts you're gifted with a great moment of nostalgia ( I WILL not spoil it). You have plenty of weapons to use (which are all upgradeable btw), but you also have a sword with which you can cut enemies to pieces in all sorts of crazy ways. The game has alot of humor in it too, infact through most of the game you're accompanied by a smartass demon. Look just buy it, the game is friggin awesome."
,Recommended,233130,11621611,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,NatanAML,"Pretty cool game actually, I have never played the original, but I can say this one is definitely worth playing. It has a great variety of melee and ranged combat and is really action packed.I don't think one would expect for a good story on such a game, but this game has one and it keeps pushing you forward throughout the game.Overall 8/10"
,Recommended,233130,8225148,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Slojoe17or76,"Based loosly around the original, bad♥♥♥♥♥action with witty oneliners and fun."
,Recommended,233130,11212307,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,-MAJOR_AMOK-,"Do you like massiv detailed gore, violence, cool story, mixed gameplay like Serious Sam and Duke Nukem? This is it!Buy or die! :-)"
,Recommended,233130,12738480,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,girder,"This game was by far the best new FPS to come out in 2013 and a shining example on how to reboot an old game.Featuring the best melee combat mechanics in an FPS I've seen since Jedi Knight II: Jedi Outcast and a satisfying arsenal of upgradable weapons and powers, you play through 17 chapters full of enemy hordes while following a surprisingly solid storyline. If you're tired of tropes of contemporary FPSes and yearn for the old days, then this is the game for you.The gameplay through out the game was solid.  Granted, the big arena style battles against hordes of enemies can get a bit repetitive, particularly on the higher difficulty settings where you might end up having to repeat the same sections after dying a number of times. Though it was the boss battles that I was slightly put-off by,  as they were essentiallly all pattern-repeating bullet sponges, significantly less fun to fight than the hordes of low-level minions and mini-bosses.There were a couple graphical optimization issues on launch. Most noticably, the animation on some of the cutscenes were rather janky. A few patches have been released since then, I'm not sure if any of the graphical issues I encountered still remain as I haven't played the game again since I finished it last year.As an aside, I've noticed similarities between this and another new FPS based on an old series: Wolfenstein: The New Order, in that both games try to be revivals of old-school FPS gameplay albiet with some new features, but also seem to deconstruct the concept of the traditional FPS hero through the story."
,Recommended,233130,12723941,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,☮✌Cloud☮✌,Best game I played since 2013 and 2014 :)
,Recommended,233130,2241766,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,Lance Charleson,"With a sword that makes you cry out ""YOU GOT THE TOUCH! YOU GOT THE POWAAAAAAR!"", It ain't no ancient chinese(japanese?) secret that this game is fun as hell, Shooter of the Year 2013!"
76561197972980306,Recommended,233130,7758564,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,dashavingo,Surprised at how much fun I'm having with this one. Was sitting on the fence--- glad I bought it! Gameplay is fun and well-paced. Nifty progression system (you gain powers). Great interface. Manages to mix Chinese/Japanese mythology with a great sense of humor. Pick it up!
,Recommended,233130,7969809,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Bengalinha,Awesome.
,Recommended,233130,7977007,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Плоппя,Prepare for Wang jokes
76561198075554589,Recommended,233130,7977505,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Sailorman21⚓,one of the greatest games ive ever played
,Recommended,233130,7978109,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Doc,"Best game to come out this year, absolutely fantastic."
,Recommended,233130,7980458,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,sebas,"What a great game! The mix of guns, spells and swordplay make combat very fun and rewarding. The story is funny and engaging with the protagonist like a modern day Duke Nukem. The gameplay overall feel is very old-school shooter-ish (except for the linear level design). Lots of easter eggs to boot, including 2D sprite areas, Eddit Izzard or Duke Nukem references.Just try it. You'll surely have fun with it."
76561198027524404,Recommended,233130,7863837,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Stealth,"Among a multitude of ultra-(pseudo-)realistic modern warfare/cover shooters, Devolver took it upon themselves to make yet another classic, old-school FPS after making a fairly good show out of Hard Reset. And they did it very, very well. Between hand-to-hand combat, well-balanced ranged weaponry, an intriguing story, stunning cutscenes and beautiful level design, they struck gold."
76561197971262095,Recommended,233130,7864424,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Keyser Soze,"Nice FPS, with a lot of humor, citating  severeal games classics, remembering a little bit at the famous DOOM3"
,Recommended,233130,7894926,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,"Dr. RAD, PhD",IT'S GOOD
76561198075328280,Recommended,233130,7849971,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,mental187,"Beautiful graphics, story is better than the original, and action is just fun overall. Best ressurrection of a classic I have ever played, thus far."
76561198095825461,Recommended,233130,7850396,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Macrado,"This game, while not perfect, remembers how fun a shooter game can be. Lo Wang makes a more epic return to gaming then Duke Nukum. The best part of the game is easily the the sword play. It's not a game that you have to get, but if you do, then I promise you that you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,233130,7990172,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Lidocaine,"Having really enjoyed some of the previous games from Devolver, such as the Serious Sam series and even more so Hotline Miami, I was somewhat reluctant to play Shadow Warrior. Call it the curse of Duke Nukem Forever, but I was unsure about it.Needless to say, Shadow Warrior is a great FPS. The Katana combat is actually really well done and disturbingly satisfying. The addition of ""combo moves"" by pressing the arrow keys prior to attacking add a nice level of complexity (but not too complex in the heat of battle) that really shines when going up against large groups of demons. Also, a ""leveling up"" system helps add various additional abilities such as AOE stuns and healing to yourself.There's some decent humor, lots of sarcasm from your trusty demon sidekick, and a touch of 80's action movie that's enjoyable. Add on plenty of secrets and nods to the previous game, and it's time well spent."
,Recommended,233130,7990327,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,GeTn PwNzOrD,"Actually one of the most enjoyable FPS's i have played in the recent flood of FPS's, game play is a blast, shooting and melee mechanics are solid and work well together, the magic and specials feel like they should be able to be mapped to different keys, instead of using mouse/kb combos, but they still work well. to be honest i am surprised by the length, i haven't been trying to find all the secrets/collectibles and i am about half way through in 10 hours.In short, get this game, It's Wangtastic!"
,Recommended,233130,7990344,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Jedivoodoo,"Holy ♥♥♥♥, this game has absolutely no right to be as good as it is. One of the best games to come out in 2013. The graphics are pretty crazy, gun/swardplay is unique and genuinely really fun to the point where you want then to keep throwing demons at you, the soundtrack is increadibly well done, it's sarcastic and funny as♥♥♥♥♥♥ and most surprisingly the story is beautifly handled, making you give a damn about the characters and adding some weight to the demon slaughter. I can honestly say I was dissapointed when it was over, but it was by no means a short game either. God damn, play this game."
76561198040795877,Recommended,233130,7991533,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Mykayel,"Fun gameplay, plenty of refferences to old-school shooters (including a '2D cant-get past here' wall), cool weapons and a funny  protagonist. Trully recommend this game. Especially if you enjoy the original Shadow Warrior."
,Recommended,233130,13510882,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,SirFancyPantsOfPantaloons,"Gorgeous. This game has the word ""quality"" etched all over itself."
,Recommended,233130,13510989,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,[CW] brainimpalement,"Often extremely cheap, and good for a few decent hours of gameplay, you should never skimp on an opportunity for some incredibly enjoyable violence. Sure, there's a buttload of cool guns and ninja magic, but I found myself just wading through monsters slashing wildly with the katana most of the time.You would be forgiven for expecting a complete absence of plot, but Shadow Warrior is a surprisingly deep and rather poignant tale of demons and killing said demons and the demons dying.Get on it."
,Recommended,233130,13512249,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Shadinski,"This is what Duke Nukem Forever tried to be, and where it failed spectacularly, Shadow Warrior blew it out of the ♥♥♥♥ing water and danced on top of Duke's corpse. You need this game in your life."
76561198035851853,Recommended,233130,13512365,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Efni,Awesome Game if you like the original.. COuldn't stop playing tillI beat it. Only took 20 hrs. but for the price this week.. GO FOR IT!
76561197970614742,Recommended,233130,13512469,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,dncPAX,Really fun to play. Simple mechanics for upgrades but still effective. Best sword game ever played. Can only wish for a sequel...
,Recommended,233130,13512988,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Xephyros,"The opening scene sets the precedent for wanting to play through the whole game, 10/10"
,Recommended,233130,13513435,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mortífero,It was pretty fun . Enjoyed it ! Definately recommend it :)
,Recommended,233130,13513483,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Tomolio,Killed two rabbits whilst they were banging. 10/10
,Recommended,233130,13513505,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Wolfgang Hype,A fun shoot 'em up with some hack n slash elements and some good humor.
,Recommended,233130,13513880,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Poop Swastika,Veyr good game. Must buy. I just got this for 3.99. WOW.
,Recommended,233130,13513903,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,iamwirthless,"Highly recommed, especially on sale. Very fun shooter with sword play, has a good lighthearted sense of humor throughout. and plents of weapons and enemies to keep the single player campaign interesting."
76561197981191242,Recommended,233130,13514511,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,moip,"I recently completed this game and I highly recommend it to anyone that is a fan of old-school FPS action.The combat is satisfying, especially with the katana. The various abilities for the katana, spells, and other weapons help keep the fights interesting. There is also a scoring system that gives you more karma (upgrade points) for being more violent and bloody.The story was engaging, although a bit confusing at times. The ending wrapped up the loose ends very nicely, though.Graphically, this game is presented very well with a nice use of lighting, textures, shadows, and particle effects. It runs very well on my less-than-optimal gaming laptop.A few drawbacks of the game include repetitiveness and no multiplayer. The combat was enough to keep me coming back though.Also, $40 is a little steep for this game; try to get it on sale."
,Recommended,233130,13515189,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Burned Retard Nigglet Sausage,"Saw 2 rabbits ♥♥♥♥, Best game out there. 11/10"
,Recommended,233130,13515294,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Seneschul,"Amazing game.High quality graphics, entertaining combat flow, subtle with complex possibilities.Moving storyline.And adjustable difficulty.Enough tongue in cheek references to satisfy the quote monkey in all of us, but executed in such a way that it does not detract from the storyline.A well done reboot."
,Recommended,233130,13515577,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Janitor Japes,10 atta 10!
,Recommended,233130,13515838,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Flatbush Zombies,"If you are a fan of FPS games integrated with melee combat such as the original BLOOD by Monolith or Duke Nukem, Shadow Warrior is the perfect game to buy, as the latter offers a classic shooter experience coupled with polished graphics and cinematics.Pros:+Bullet mayhem+Good graphics and physics engine (uhh?)+Classic gore/violence and carnage+9 weapons binded to 9 number keys+Only game where the sword is arguably more useful than any other weapon, even a rocket launcher+Amazing sword combat and combos+Never has a love story between two ugly demons been so romantic and touching+Interesting characters+Humurous and modern dialogue+Don't need health kits you have a free HEAL+HUGE BOSSES+Old school elements such as Video Arcade machines and even a nude anime girl having a shower+Rabbits ♥♥♥♥ing. Yes, literally ♥♥♥♥ing (don't shoot them, I warned you)+Spectacular art style of cutscenes and cinematics+Bald Asian agent resembling Hitman who does not give a single ♥♥♥♥ about demons or people+Actually has a storyline+You can't weild pooCons:-Combat becomes repetitive in later chapters-Recurring stage designs-Lack of environment diversity, mostly based in Japanese-styled temples, although with changes in weather-Underwhelming boss stages with similar strategies and combos-Confusing storyline-Underwhelming level up system due to useless skills which fall greatly short in term of viability compared to others-Extremely annoying suicide bombers that can roll (wtf?)-Some chapters have very little difference to others making me want to finish the game quickly-Personally would unlikely to play againtldr: 7/10"
,Recommended,233130,13515903,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Okaeri,Hm... a waterfall.WHAT!? There's a random pixelated half naked girl bathing behind it!?10/10
76561198018245697,Recommended,233130,13516353,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Monkeychief,"Fun game, worth it if♥♥♥♥♥goes on sale for $5 or less"
,Recommended,233130,8824939,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,ManFromInferno,"This game is amazing.- Awesome and visually stunning environments- Likeable main character- Hilarious corny dialogue- kick a** weapons- The gore is gruesome and sweetI am hooked. Will be getting the upgrade soon. If you're thinking about getting this game, GET IT NOW."
76561197981786430,Recommended,233130,7883623,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,DarkDejection,Overall Amazing game. It can get a little repetative at times but the level system and storyline make up for it. The storyline is weird but the end was amazing.
,Recommended,233130,7883965,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Lv100 Magikarp,Play it at the hardest difficulty and you're sure to have a lot of fun!
,Recommended,233130,7885207,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,RoadsideHomicide,this game has a bad♥♥♥♥♥story and the best hack and slash adventure action game ever
,Recommended,233130,7885349,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Znowleopard,ITS GREAT
,Recommended,233130,7944093,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Cyber Goat,"I am really missing the more derogatory terms in this one that the original had, but the fun gameplay makes up for it. The graphics are simply stunning, in the shadow realm it's more noticable. And they actually have it figured out to make get you to want to use the sword from time to time instead of only guns. Really fun game."
,Recommended,233130,7944514,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Cybergi,Lots of fun cutting demons around!
76561197968127400,Recommended,233130,7945196,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,TheWabbit,"This game is very similar to Serious Sam, both, in regards to humor and type of action. Luckily, this game has very satisfying melee combat system, which can be used all through out the game unlike some other games where melee becomes secondary to combat weapons.There is nothing more joyful than running around with your katana slicing enemies.If you are a fan of Serious Sam and enjoy melee combat, then this game is worth it. It lacks some depth compared to other action titles (such as Metro or Bioshock) but there is defenitely some fun to be had here."
76561198056114631,Recommended,233130,7945344,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Trixy,"Nothing to write home about, but good enough for a drunken web review. Bought for $10 and worth every penny. Decapitating demons,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥joke and hot bunny lovin never tasted so juicy....More Wang? Yes please!"
,Recommended,233130,7946556,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Demian Thule [=♥=],"This game is an awesomely fun hack & slash FPS shooter. There's humor, there's katana mayhem, there are secrets and demons to kill. Most fun I've had with this type of game since the original Duke Nukem 3D"
,Recommended,233130,7947339,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,R-Tune,Flying Wild Hog knocks another one out of the park. Just like Hard Reset this is challenging has tons of replayability unlike some of the big budget bombs that came out this year. Love it and keep up the good work.
,Recommended,233130,7947410,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Zhain,"A lot of fun with Painkiller-style gameplay, but an actual plot and good length campaign.  The sword is so satisfying to use."
76561198059420416,Recommended,233130,7947576,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Snoblind,HOLY CRAP THIS GAME IS AMAZING! So much gore! This is like fruit ninja but with people and demons! FIVE STARS
76561198073230682,Recommended,233130,7949804,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,qskacoreq,"Ah, yes...it may be a reimagining, but the low brow humor and charm still survives! Not to mention slicing enemies up with the Katana! Although early on, I am pleased with the game, however the inability to get it to recognize the gamepad has me frustrated."
76561198026204498,Recommended,233130,7952357,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,ChybaTy,Great shooter with one of the most fun melee combat in any FPS with surprisingly good story. It can be a little repetetive at the end but it's still worth playing.
,Recommended,233130,7953163,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,JohnnyErr,Its so much ♥♥♥♥ing fun.
,Recommended,233130,7953223,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Makaze,"Not a bad re-imagining. The load times between maps does break the action up a bit and this Wang is a lot less crude than his predecessor. I'd reccomend it if you miss old school late 90s - early 2000s style play where you don't have to worry about cover or carrying limited weapons and just want fun without some hidden ""War is hell"" message."
,Recommended,233130,7954775,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Omiid,"Hilarious bad jokes, awesome skills, powerups and combat, and the graphics are amazing."
76561198052356103,Recommended,233130,7956333,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,A Faceless Evil,"WOW...anyone who needs to relax with some fast paced carnage, check this out"
76561197989058837,Recommended,233130,7959075,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Johnman,Old school fun. Very well executed.Not a remake per se but rather a reboot. A well done reboot.
,Recommended,233130,7959722,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,nur.michi,"Once saw a trailer of this, thought ""looks like fun"", bought it when ón sale, wasn't disappointed. It's a truly enjoyable game, again with mechanics similar to Serious Sam etc. So if you like those games, you will love this one. An honest representative of its brute genre, still with an unexpectedly elaborate story and characters. The graphics, sound design, UI design, gameplay, immersion and everything else I can think of felt very good to me. At the same time, the game doesnt take itself too seriously, which is very much to my liking either."
76561198068487974,Recommended,233130,7618635,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,WI,Most fun I've had in an FPS.
76561198038291837,Recommended,233130,7967214,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,MonstrousGirlie,"Overall a very fun game. Great swordplay, gunplay, and humor. One major complaint I have though is the bossfight in chapter 6. Worst ♥♥♥♥ing bossfight in history in my opinion."
,Recommended,233130,7832623,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Delthanesh,"I highly recommend this game, it is probably the best fps remake, I consider it closer than Doom3/RiseoftheTriad/DukeNukemForever were. In addition, the classic Lo Wang wit is just as sharp and raunchy as it ever was, and has all the energy of the original. It may not be as suddenly action-packed as the old FPS, but the cinematics are well-done, and rpg systems contribute to add another layer of icing on a badass wang cake."
76561198046569774,Recommended,233130,7832978,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Trico,Old school and new school fps in all the best ways.
,Recommended,233130,4696451,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,[senpai] Kevans,"It's been ages since I've played a FPS this fun and creative. Each weapon is evenly balanced and has multiple uses. I found myself using the katana more than any of the guns in the game just because it's just that effective. (Plus I preordered my copy, so I have a laser sword that slunds like a light saber when swung *squeeee*). Shadow warrior also encourages exploration, scattered through every level are chests and cabinets with random objects inside, such as amunition and money. Also good old secrets have come back, and  rewards the player for finding each one in a very generous manner. Also making a return is the end tally screen. Not since they days of id Software and 3D realms have I seen a tally board letting you know how well you did, how many secrets were found, time and etc.The humor in this game is absolutely fresh. I can imagine that the devs of this game saw the disaster that was Duke Nukem Forver, and actually treated it's audience like the adults we were. Yes there were sex jokes in here, but they were not a glorified theme. ""How about we play a little 'just the tip'"" Wang would say as you stab the billionth demon, which never gets old by the way. Fortune cookies make a return, and are just as funny and laugh ouyt loud as before. ""404: Fortune not found"" was probably my favorite fortune of all.The graphics in this game are absolutely stunning, every momment I was staring in wonder whenever I could. After a swarm of demons tried to kill me, it was always nice to take a breather and admire the art work behind each level. Not only that, but there are a buch more small details, such as lights that can be destroyed, boxes smashed, glass broken, statues demolished, etc. etc. The levels were also surprisingly non-linear and took advantage of it's exploration aspect. Levels would wind within eachother, or have you retrace steps ocasionally to complete your objective. There were a few ocassions where I would spend a good ten minutes trying to figure out where I was supposed to go, as annoying as that was, I actually enjoyed it because it made the enviornment feel more real, because none of it was babying my way through to make sure I progressed.The combat system is incredibly well balanced, each weapon has a specific role that can be applied rather than just to kill said enemy. Like mentioned earlier, i used the sword the most due to it's functionality. Capable of dealing one hit blows, or can be used to regain health with specially attacks later on in the game. Every weapon has that kick you'd expect when hitting an enemy. Pistol can stun a low tier enemy in it's place for half a second, the UZI will mow down enemies like you'd expect, especially when you get the akimbo upgrade. Crossbow's bolts deal a generous chunk of damage, and work wonders on the flying enemies. Shotgun becomes really bad♥♥♥♥♥when you have the quad barrel upgrade and ""fire every shell for when you absolutely have to kill every mother ♥♥♥♥er in the room"". Flamethrower works nice for lingering damage and projectiles. Rocket launcher doesn't need much explanation. It's a rocket launcher. After each ""scuffle"" Lo Wang goes through, you will be graded on your brutality and will be awarded points the more brutal the fight ends up being, on a scale of 1 to five shurikens.Difficulty wise, excellent progression. Early in the game, few enemies were thrown onto you to make sure you understood the controlls, in fact, everything is taught to you in the FIRST LEVEL. How doors work, what to look for when stuck, cabinets can be opened, how to open magically sealed doors, how to upgrade weapons and Wang himself, and all sorts of other small details.Over all, this is a great game, something that I would hold in high ranks like I do with Doom and the Half Life series, and would not"
,Recommended,233130,7886003,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,oldmantime,This♥♥♥♥♥♥is thoroughly good.
76561198007342632,Recommended,233130,2438314,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Psychor,"Welcome back to First Person Shooter genre. This is FPS as it should be! Action packed, great looking, full of secrets, awesome weapons, properly bloody, funny and the sword play is just fantastic. Best FPS I have played in years. Say bye to all CoD's, Battlefields or CO and Bioshocks. The year of Wang has come!"
,Recommended,233130,7886477,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Andy Journey,Demon slicing simulation at its finest.
,Recommended,233130,7887866,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,HomeyDaClown,Love the Holy Grail reference... fun game
,Recommended,233130,554102,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,cache (said wrong),"this is a fun game to chop and/or shoot demons in, ok??"
,Recommended,233130,7888498,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Mikkos,"Such a good game. Sword fighting feels good, cheesy humor. Gunplay is okay. The most important feature is cleaning blood from the sword after dicing up a buffet of demons by pressing ""R"". 10/10 on the Wang scale. Just buy it."
,Recommended,233130,7554624,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Apollo,This is an incredible homage to an overshadowed gem. It is not so much a remake as it is an improvement with the amount of work FWH has put into every little detail. Everything from the enemy design down to the balls-to-the-wall melee combat is pure gold and should be enjoyed by all.Buy it if you loved the original; buy it if you love shooters; hell just buy it if you love having fun.Buy it.Now.
,Recommended,233130,7889382,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,FedaykinWarrior,"The humour is cheesy but this is a great action game. I bought it on sale and got drawn in by the stories, the katana-slashing action, dark powers and atmosphere. The graphics and sound are stellar. The developers did a hell of a job on this."
76561197967605970,Recommended,233130,7889521,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Doug,"Game of the Year 2013, awesome, refreshing, wish I had more time to play it."
,Recommended,233130,1746078,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,Radical,"A very entertaining, old-school shooter. Very well done katana combat. On the downsides- bosses were mildly disappointing and the story took itself much too seriously after mid-game. Excellent shooter nonetheless. Do give it a go."
,Recommended,233130,7890280,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,twoNUNpackMULE,"Only played about 30 minutes of this game, but it's a lot of fun. It reminds me of No One Lives Forever 2 mixed with Doom. Hard to explain why I get that vibe...perhaps because of the katana."
,Recommended,233130,7370520,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,One Stand More,"Game is underrated by the critics.  Fast, fun, beautiful, and extrememly violent: slice and dice those triad gangsters and demon warriors any which way.  More messy than Kill Bill vol. 1 and more cool moves in the Lo Wang aresenal.  Get the touch, the power."
,Recommended,233130,7890691,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,BAWB.BAGET,10/10 would buy twice
,Recommended,233130,7890789,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,niconico,"Ok seriously this is what Duke could have been, a fun, quick and amusingly dark humored FPS. Easily one of my favorite games in 2013.No farming/hunting/building ikea furniture whatsoever, just plain action secret areas and have I must mention that Katana !- Hardware needs to be quite state of the art to play at constant 60fps !!!"
,Recommended,233130,7890840,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,| ESP |,"Hot Damn, another awesome experience from Flying Hogs studio!  Get ready for a visual feast for the eyes paired with super smooth melee and gun combat.  Lots of great hidden areas to find tucked away in emersive environments. RPG elements let you learn skills and passives from several differnt trees.  Cut scenes are as smooth as the combat and the characters make for a light hearted old school feeling."
76561197974634162,Recommended,233130,11617369,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,istari101,"A great slasher/shooter that is reminiscent of the better oldies while still managing to effectively incorporate the RPG-lite elements of character skills, powers, and selective upgrades that have become a welcome addition to the genre as a whole.SW's fighting and shooting mechanics are tight and satisfying, although I felt like some of the powers were a mixed bag: some were great (e.g., Headhunting and Shockwave), but others were lackluster (like the baddie-floating rain skill).  Bigger boss battles tended to be tedious affairs, but fortunately they were few and far between, whereas the general ebb and flow of combat was well executed and enjoyable.Despite being seemingly inspired by the Duke Nukem francise here, the (incessant)♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes and other crass humor felt needless to me, but thankfully the engine, excellent soundtrack, satisfying gunplay and incredibly fun swordmanship more than made up for.Definitely worth picking up on sale, and particularly if you want to hone your demon-fragging skills for the coming Doom reboot."
,Recommended,233130,10914086,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ObnoxiousBoyMan,Very enjoyable FPS game. Loved the classic game - this is a great reboot. I love just using the katana and cutting enemies to pieces. Much more amusing than using guns.
76561198042319181,Recommended,233130,10812625,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Kragar,"Awesome game! Nice sword mechanics and great comics, would recommend if it is on a sale!"
,Recommended,233130,10813187,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,"Seriously, Fuck You.",Hella fun.  Buy it.
76561198068141413,Recommended,233130,10561104,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,thesamuraishredder,This is a great FPS with a good old-school fast paced finger on the trigger feel. The humor woven through the game is rife with♥♥♥♥♥♥and fart jokes but they can't hide the underlying serious side of the story. I loved the a lot of the level designs and visuals.But seriously the katana.....Give using the katana a shot for most of the game with the various button combos you can pull off for special moves. It is a game changer.
76561198002328982,Recommended,233130,10931693,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sleepysarge,"great game! had tons of fun with this game, gameplay was fast and has a nice flow to it, story was pretty good, the humor is this was too good, all and all i give it about a 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,233130,12198738,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Snowy,"A hilarious cast of characters meets some awesome old school shooter, new school hack n slash gore in Shadow Warrior. Probably one of the silliest but most compelling games i've played in a long time."
,Recommended,233130,9632060,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,BROTENDO,Too damn funny and actually a really long game. Fights get really tough near the end. You really gotta know what moves and weapons work best on which guys.
,Recommended,233130,12253717,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Window Licker v2.0,Hoji is a bro.RIP in piece my floaty friend10/10
76561198003305414,Recommended,233130,12179018,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,NnelGdaBandit,"Pleastly surprised with how fun and humerous this game is. It's not reinventing the FPS or anything but I had a blast. There were a couple of bugs that I had to kill myself and start from the last checkpoint, but the chekpoint system was pretty forgiving so it was not too bad."
76561198092020797,Recommended,233130,12372953,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Microsoft Word,this game is good
76561198027652751,Recommended,233130,8434247,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Askims rysk/albanska riddare,"What can I say. You shoot demons, while decapitating others. Repeat with some over the top humoristic comments, and actually have a compelling, but sometimes confusing story. Do you need more?"
76561197982800561,Recommended,233130,8434372,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Captain_Cynical,"This is an excellent game.  I'm not a huge FPS or hack and slash fan, but this was a very enjoyable game.  The graphics were very smooth and well done.  The music and sound were excellent.  The gameplay was enjoyable.  The dialog and plot were also excellent.  If you have any patience for the genre I strongly recommend this game."
76561198017578865,Recommended,233130,8434854,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Totalfan,this game is awesome because you can slice people in half
,Recommended,233130,8435048,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Behemoth,"Probably the best reboot or, reimagining of a franchise I've ever played - highly recommended for it's melee combat, the sword fighting is just very intense, intuitive and fun. Just don't be easily offended by gore in videogames ^^"
76561198011799100,Recommended,233130,8435245,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Thirdeye,"Great game, very funny and probably one of the most enjoyable sword slicing and dicing and possibly micing.. wait is there mice? oh wait no..play the game to get the joke."
,Recommended,233130,8435419,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Kalanree,"Awesome swordplay.Okay gunplay, but why use them when you have a sword?Okay story, I guess. I didn't like it that much, but I've heard people who have.Meh, just meh, bossfight. (Thankfully there aren't many.)Oh, and Lo Wang is just wangtastic."
,Recommended,233130,8435954,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Eatable Bread,It's like Duke Nukem but with swords and demons.
,Recommended,233130,7366983,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,*Elisav,"Lo Wang's got the touch baby! He's the best around and no one's gonna bring him down!So what you' waitin' for? Get yourself some Wang today!But seriously, this is hands down the best FPS game in years. Just, get some Wang in your life already."
76561198046400891,Recommended,233130,12812028,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,susumu_kumo,"Love it. Great remake of the original 16 or 32-bit from 1997. If you like Duke Nukem, then you'll love this. This game is like Army of Darkness meets Big Trouble in Little China. There's lots of blood/gore and humor, with a role-playing, skill development aspect."
,Recommended,233130,12813431,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Dai-Breaker,Super fun game with great combat had guns a rocket launcger and a katana.
76561197973592479,Recommended,233130,12813757,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Justwill,"The game doesn't take itself too seriously in true old school fashion.Just slash some demons with a katana fuark yeah !10/10 totally worth it.*Note* It's pretty heavy to run, be sure to try the demo if you are running older hardware."
,Recommended,233130,12817339,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Armadillo,"Do you enjoy great melee combat? How about crazy guns? Or bunnies having sex? If you like any of the above, you should probably buy this game."
,Recommended,233130,12818611,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,dXyre,"First of all, let me start by saying I am a HUGE fan of the Holy Build Engine Trinity (Duke3D, Shadow Warrior & Blood). When I heard they were re-imagining Shadow Warrior, I got totally excited at the thought, but that thought soon faded out after I thought about how most things like this turn out. Whether it's movies or video games, re-establishments of classic franchises seldom work out.To say that Shadow Warrior turned out good would be a massive understatement. It's fantastic.The game LOOKS phenomenal. It runs very fluidly with little to no slow-down on even the highest settings on my machine. The visuals and environments are clearly extremely inspired by the original game's art style, and couldn't possibly have been nailed harder than Flying Wild Hog nailed them here.The soundtrack and effects are pretty good, with quality voice acting to back it up. The jokes do get a bit lame at times, and both Hoji and Wang can get a bit annoying after awhile, but hey that's the campy goodness we came to know and love from the masterful Build engine franchises.The controls are smooth (I'm using keyboard/mouse, as I do with most any FPS) and not frustrating at all.I really feel that FWH really brought home the gold here with melee fighting and gun combat here. The combo system and vast list of special moves and alternate fire modes are really something special.The upgrade system is also incredibly deep. You actually get to spec Lo Wang here on multiple levels, and they will directly affect the way you play the game.I'm not totally finished with the campaign yet, but the story is surprisingly good as well. I'm actually not skipping videos and following along. So it's at least good enough to keep me interested, which is saying much more than I can for a lot of shooters I've played in the past.Overall, the game is well worth the 40 dollar full price-tag they put on it, but it's a steal if you can get it on sale, ESPECIALLY right now at 10 bucks.You just can't go wrong with this one. One of the best games I've played all year, and an instant classic right up there with the original.Well ♥♥♥♥ing done, Flying Wild Hog."
76561198053053345,Recommended,233130,13535359,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Zerdafox,I love this game.
,Recommended,233130,13535397,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,python ☁,"I really like this game so far.The combat system is easy to learn yet effective.The story really got me, it's maybe not the best one but I can't stop playing.."
76561198133150176,Recommended,233130,13537322,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,awesomeboss299,amzing sooo gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood and also sjhubdfgihojsdfh8uivhsbyudv
,Recommended,233130,13537880,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Frolo,"This game is an amazing Run and Gun FPS. If you haven't played one in a while, or don't know what they're like do yourself a favor and get this game. Possibly the best of its genre."
76561198037865938,Recommended,233130,13538399,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Win Pose,Like Fruit Ninja with Demons.
76561197977295745,Recommended,233130,13538563,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Teajunky,Witty comments including on the secret finds. Hillarious!
76561198065382883,Recommended,233130,13538999,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Wolf,Bunnies are evil!
,Recommended,233130,13539051,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Raylaeth,Probably the best FPS ever made. Play the demo if you don't believe me.
,Recommended,233130,13539057,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,WhoToTrus,"Alright Mother ♥♥♥♥ers!Time to Blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up!Also, this game is basically a modern 90s game. Mostly what you find Convseratives cracking down on, meaning this game.....is....AWESOME!Buy it, buy it right now!Also the way they represent the begining of the game, is soooo god damn beautiful too!"
,Recommended,233130,13539155,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Frito,Surprisingly fun.
,Recommended,233130,13525585,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Exaemo,I don't think I've enjoyed a game quite as much as I have Shadow Warrior...and still do.
,Recommended,233130,13525773,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,sztyr,The ability to cut things with katana like in fruit ninja makes this game definitly worth buying.
,Recommended,233130,13525883,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,likwidtek,Fun stuff.  I played the original in high school so it could just be nostalgia but it's a fun shooter all around.  Fast paced gory fun times with some humor thrown in.  Full controller support so it works well with big picture mode.
76561197993909148,Recommended,233130,13526146,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ivan.michal,Serious Sam with a katana. Crazy unstoppable ride
76561198018973389,Recommended,233130,13526759,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Sleaze,He drives a 240Z 10/10
,Recommended,233130,12791037,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Hub,"This game has got one of the best graphics I have ever seen in-game !!Not only that, but the gameplay Is also top-notch , absolutely the best melee sword fighting EVER !!GET THIS !!"
76561198051136047,Recommended,233130,13166349,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Ol' Uncle Sheo[Gurren],"This is one of those ""guilty pleasure"" games, and thankfully it's well aware of its own status. It takes itself about as seriously as a Monty Python skit. I don't think you can go four minutes in this game without the protagonist or his snarky pet demon making a joke, despite what would otherwise be a pretty serious plot in any other game, and the swordplay feels so damn satisfying that you need not ever use a gun--but the gunplay is so damn satisfying that you'll do so anyway.The swordplay is reminiscent of Metal Gear Rising. You can cut in any direction, and enemies fall apart into ribbons when killed. It doesn't feel quite as refined as Rising, but it's got that same idea behind it. Unlike Rising however, enemies have weakspots that you have to aim for to do extra damage(though ignoring them and just going batshit with the sharp object is always viable), and the enemies generally don't just fall over dead if you cut off their arm. Instead, if you, say, chop off a demon's leg, he'll have  a hard time walking or in some cases won't be able to walk at all. Enemies also recoil in pain for quite a while if you cleave limbs off of them--the best way I can describe the sword combat is ""realistic, but exaggerated"". It's best to just try to find some gameplay footage or simply play the game yourself.The gunplay is gritty and fantastic. Recoil feels satisfying, the weapons are ridiculous(read: quad-barrel shotgun), and much like with sword combat, placing your shots well matters, and bodily damage shows. The best part is that the weapons have actual stopping-power that you can feel. If you shoot an enemy with all four barrels of your OP shotgun at point-blank, anything except the largest of enemies will be blown back and insta-gimped, and even the big guys will be knocked on their asses for a while.The levels are fairly short sometimes and are extremely linear, but there are secrets hidden everywhere(Hidden so well in fact that even when actively looking for them I couldn't find half of the secrets in the first level), so it definitely has replay value. It's worth mentioning that the game is ridiculously ♥♥♥♥ing easy however, and it's very hard to die.Overall it's a fun experience, and it's well worth the $40 pricetag."
76561197988775968,Recommended,233130,13166987,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Fools,Great Game !
,Recommended,233130,13170017,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,BRING ME MORE WINE,That ending. The feels.
76561198081324315,Recommended,233130,13028571,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Ecoli33,The most fun I've had in years.
76561197965459386,Recommended,233130,13141614,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,abckipsate,it is better to have loved and lost than to have had loved and gotten syphilis
76561198105116979,Recommended,233130,13148247,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Pusheen,Don't mind my played time. I just bought this game from autumn sale and it's just amazeing. I never played game that gives you more satisfaction.The grpahics are average but the gameplay it's epic. I mean I go around with my katana killing every ddemon in my path <3. I have to say I am a bit OP in the game on normal difficulty.
,Recommended,233130,13128637,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,thegoldelite,Pretty damn good
76561197978624503,Recommended,233130,13128698,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,-=[TsjuunTze]=-,"I love it! It has the same ""feel"" as in the good old days. Great game!"
,Recommended,233130,13128890,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,music,"This is a no-brainer.  Buy it right now.  TF2 was starting to get a bit stale for me, and I wanted a single player arena shooter that feels smooth.  There are so many games out there, Far cry 3 and 4 for example, that have mouse accel and low frame rates, but not Shadow Warrior.  You have complete control of your character, there is no mouse acceleration, everything feels smooth and responsive, it has great frame rate, and it feels like other arena shooters, just like it should feel.  The dialogue is mediocre and the graphics are not too bad but not great, but those are minor complaints in a solid game.  It is a must buy, especially if it is on sale."
,Recommended,233130,13129052,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,aljowen,"Absolutely amazing. In general i spend about 1 hour per chapter and there are around 14 of them. The humour is really good and i really enjoy the huge amount of secrets and easter eggs that this game contains. The sword play is super good fun and it puts you in the middle of the action, the movement speed is also pretty quick which means that said action is always exciting.I would reccomend it to anyone, even if you have never played anything like this and you are not sure about it, this is worth a go."
,Recommended,233130,13129307,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,SaulNoot,This is the bloodest game i play in a while just by watching the ttrailer i new this game was gona be BADASSS!!!
76561198012301959,Recommended,233130,13131538,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,XatheX,{LINK REMOVED}Fun!...Fun?....yesFUN!
,Recommended,233130,13118197,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Qsaws,awesome game
,Recommended,233130,13118609,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,[BZ] XXAOSICXX,The most fun I've had with a shooter in years. Got this for £3 on the sale and kicking myself now that I didn't get it sooner. The game Duke Nukem Forever should've been!
,Recommended,233130,13119105,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,kilus,"A fun game that was a blast to play through. Loved the sword play and enjoyed the game not taking everything too seriously, though having somewhat dramatic plot underneath. Many upgrades for weapons, katana and character that either help or change the gameplay in a positive manner.Didn't like the ending though, it felt incomplete."
76561198012855118,Recommended,233130,13119305,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Molestator,One of the best FPS of all time.
76561198013014289,Recommended,233130,13124696,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Buzzerker,"This game is simply incredible,and more people need to know about it!It successfully creats that feeling of the FPS's of old,in that you have to look around for medkits,armor,you can carry all your weapons at once...I usually hate magic pockets in any game for the fact that it makes you overpowered,but that is not the case in this game.You will need to use down to the last round of all your weapons very often!The weapons,while they start very basic and takes a little bit to get a reliable gun,are all upgradable and have alternate firing modes.All that being said,the focus here is on the katana:this game has the best melee combat Ive ever seen in a FPS game.Its very fast,gory,empowering and brutally satisfactory!You also get experience and collect stuff that allows you to upgrade your character as well,getting new sword skills,more health,improved chance to find ammo or money,magic blasts,the ability to collect and use as a weapons enemy's hearts and heads(very powerful!),and a lot more!It is also a very funny game,with some great one-liners at the perfect moment.The character banter between the wise-cracking protagonist Lo-Wang and his spiritual companion is also great.The story is definitely better than in most FPS's these days,and took me by surprise as I realized I was enthralled by it,anxious to find out more and more about this story that starts so light,but gets very serious and surprising towards the last third of the game.Fortunately,the flaws of the game are very few: sometimes the level design can be a little confusing,it annoyed me that almost every container throughout a country was the exact same,the encounters with giant enemies are boring.Also,it could be a little shorter,but that being said,at least that makes sure you are getting your money's worth duration-wise,so I dont know if I really consider that a flaw.Extremely satisfying gameplay,very good story,great sound effects,good enough graphics,and a totally cheesy name:in all,a GREAT game,and one hell of a surprise!"
,Recommended,233130,14753674,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Gatordude99,killed bunnies having sex. Bunny went super saiyan and killed me10.10 would play again.
,Recommended,233130,14739783,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Snuggly Samantha,FOV (even at 90) and character move speed make my head hurt 10/10
,Recommended,233130,14817114,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Scratch,"The game is really good, but the Special Edition doesn't add much exept skins for your sword"
76561198043947635,Recommended,233130,14810514,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Kamui,A great hack and slash game. Really enjoyed the cheesy dialogue. Not much else to say other than I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoys this genre of game.
76561197988077759,Recommended,233130,14813863,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,danny_maland,"I have mixed feelings about this title.On the one hand, it would seem that a ton of really good workmanship went into the game. I especially think that the environment artists deserve tons of credit. The detail and overall visual ""pizzaz"" found in the various maps are really top-shelf. (The research facility is worth a special mention as a neat piece of environment art.) The use of a katana in first person truly works smoothly , especially with the various unlockable skills, and that's not a trivial achievement.But the total experience of the game is what I can only call ""bland.""One of the major indicators of this is that ""Shadow Warrior"" really has only one trick when it comes to combat encounters: It locks you into an ""arena,"" spawns enemies, and then lets you out after you kill everything. While this is hardly a unique way of doing things, the problem with this title is that it's so blatant about it. The obviousness of the technique did a lot to kill my suspension of disbelief - the prominent ""rules"" of the ""game"" kept shouting in my face that the whole thing was completely contrived. (Of course, all games are contrived. It's just that the really good ones hide the contrivance well.)Another issue is that Lo Wang really doesn't have a personality. In the trailer and the opening scenes, it seems like we're going to go on a wild tear with a smart-mouthed miscreant who loves 80's rock and the hurling of one-liners. In very short order, that all goes away. Most of the time, Wang just acts as the most incredibly average assassin you could think of. He swears a little bit, and he asks enough questions to make the plot exposition work, but...there's no real flavor. There are little flahses of Wang being a quirky dude, but they're spaced out so widely and so - shall we say - desaturated that none of it ends up amounting to anything.And the combat is boring. Truly. There are no big hits, hilarious multi-enemy ""kabooms,"" or interesting tactical situations. The enemies don't generally hurt you too badly, which causes most of the fights to lack a sense of danger. It's inevitable that you'll take everything down and move on - it's just a matter of time. For Lo Wang's part, he doesn't hit the enemies too hard either. The average opponent can actually soak up a surprising amount of damage before going down, especially if you're using a firearm. The ranged weapons in the game feel oddly ineffective, with splash damage from explosives being almost negligible. Even setting a baddie on fire seems to be more cosmetic than actually effectual. All this adds up to battles that aren't really rewarding for the player. They're just ""grinds,"" for the most part. (You can probably button-mash most of the encounters in the game.)""Shadow Warrior"" just makes me shrug. It looks nice and all, but the ""actual game"" part of the game fails to connect with me. I didn't downvote the title, because I did play all the way through it. It's not bad - just ultimately disappointing."
,Recommended,233130,14814068,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Grifdog96,Words cant describe how fun it is to slash the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of some demons and play a character as badass as wang
76561198121621731,Recommended,233130,14814328,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,just1643,great game
76561197970839926,Recommended,233130,14710526,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Kronos,"+good graphic in gameplay+simple and good skill tree+very funny game+hard difficulty to test your abilities+simple combo abilities-spint bugs ( i sprinted into a wall and i died +130 hp )-rip off of other games, but still funny."
76561197972296564,Recommended,233130,14712325,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,billy,"I worried that this game would offer little different to that provided by the countless other FPS games but my fears were unfounded - I have not enjoyed an FPS so much in years. Shadow Warrior provides excellent gameplay, beautiful graphics, and engaging storyline and a well-judged difficulty level. Despite following the basic conventions of this genre, Shadow Warrior does not feel tired or predictable. Highly recommended."
76561198021391044,Recommended,233130,14682968,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,pep556,good game
76561198040595612,Recommended,233130,7571019,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Shadoswulf,"This game is Bloody and I mean BLOOOOODY.This game has alot of entertaining jokes through out the game, and the graphics are stunning, theres also alot of other games bein showcased as well as you traverse through the game.So if you like violence, guns, swords, commedy, and mass dismemberment then this is the game for you lol."
76561198008736471,Recommended,233130,13924309,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Hollow Ozzmen |CZ|,Realy awesome game with nice story cool gameplay and even more easter eggs :D
,Recommended,233130,14860624,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Bazoka810,You can watch bunnies ♥♥♥♥ or turn one into a demon and fight to the death. Also katana. Want wash wang or want watch wang wash wang/10
76561198020705429,Recommended,233130,14860791,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Agent Smith,"everything i remember from intense fps's of old, combined with everything i love about fps's of today"
,Recommended,233130,14639085,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Clauiex Shamoina,First off this is an amazingly fun game. I expected well not much to be honest just somthing to play when I am bored. But after coming back to it after not playing it as I bought a lot of games along with it so I did't get round to playing it. I found somthing great. This is one of those slapstick games that is not supposed to be serious but actually is when it comes to the story. Funny and the fortune cookies just finish you off. All in all great game good graphics and fun to play. The enemy classes are progressivly harder to beat which is good.Sadly the boss battles are so easy compared to fighting the waves of enemys. Also would have liked to actually faced the main characters boss instead of a quick cutscene. This charecter was built so well and was pooped on at the very end. Also the bull monster was a bit OP possibly espcially when facing two so watch out for them.Amazing game solid 11/10P.S Goddamn you chapter 16
,Recommended,233130,14641761,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,THE KRAKEN,"It warms my heart to say that the final review of Review Series I was a very positive experience. Let’s get this rolling.I – Story [10/10]Shadow Warrior is a first-person shooter from Flying Wild Hog. It is a reboot of the classic Shadow Warrior released in 1997 by 3D Realms.The player assumes the role of Lo Wang; an assassin who works for the Japanese industrial magnate, Orochi Zilla. Wang is sent to purchase an ancient katana (the Nobitsura Kage) from a collector named Miyazaki. Miyazaki refuses the offer, so Wang tries to take the sword by force. Wang is ultimately captured, but escapes when demons attack Miyazaki’s compound. Miyazaki himself is killed in the attack and Wang allies himself with a demon named Hoji. Hoji explains that the Nobitsura Kage  is capable of slaying immortals and cannot be touched by demons. He also explains that the Nobitsura Kage is actually three swords and so, Wang seeks them out.Through the course of the game, Wang hunts several “Whisperers” (magical golems which contain a memory that a god chose to hide away). By slaying these Whisperers, Wang absorbs the stored memories and learns of the history of the immortals. In the Shadow Realm (the realm of demons) the rain is created by the weeping of Hoji’s sister, Ameonna. Hoji and Ameonna had an incestuous affair, which made her happy and stopped the rain. This caused a drought throughout the realm and, when the affair was discovered, Hoji’s brothers separated the pair and disfigured Hoji as punishment. Ameonna accepted her responsibility to bring rain to the Shadow Realm and Hoji was became bitter. Hoji then conspired to poison his sister, putting her into an eternal slumber and, thus, causing a second great drought. Hoji was consequently banished to the mortal realm. Enra, the ruling immortal of the Shadow Realm, saw that only the sacrifice of a god could revive Ameonna and began to seek the Nobitsura Kage. Enra hired the mortal Orochi Zilla to find and assemble the sword, promising a cure for his paraplegia and an army of demons with which Zilla could conquer the Earth.Wang tracks down the swords that comprise the Nobitsura Kage and assembles it. He then proceeds to the Shadow Realm to confront Enra. Wang is captured by Enra and has the Nobitsura Kage taken from him. Enra tries to sacrifice Hoji to revive Ameonna, but Hoji disarms Enra’s Whisperer and hands the sword back to Wang, forcing Enra to retreat from them. By touching the Nobitsura Kage, Hoji dooms himself. Lo Wang corners Enra, who allows Wang to kill him, since he is the only sacrificial candidate left. Ameonna awakens and, upon seeing the lifeless body of Hoji, she weeps and brings rain back to the Shadow Realm.I thought that the story was very original and had a lot of great characters. I had a great time playing through it.II – UI [9/10]The user interface in SW was almost perfect for how the game was set up. It was easy to see where your health and stamina were located, how much ammo remained in your guns and in your ammo reserve, and everything else you needed to know in combat. Even items that could be interacted with glowed when you got close to them.My one actual complaint was the complete lack of a map of any kind. I got lost once or twice doing some quest-related backtracking and a map would have been invaluable.III – Gameplay [10/10]I don’t know that I will be able to throw enough praise at the gameplay of SW. In a world of gaming that is utterly infested with substandard FPS games, Shadow Warrior was a gory, profane breath of fresh air.For starters, the katana that you’ll have (and most likely use) the entire game was easily the most fun you’ll have when it comes to combat. If that katana was Oprah Winfrey in another life, everyone was getting free dismemberment and decapitation. You can just have at it and hack and slash your way through raging hoards of demons, or you can actually apply yourself and use some sweet, sweet special Ki attacks.Not once did any gun lose it’s relevance during the course of the game (assuming you were diligent in applying upgrades). They all had alternate modes of fire as well, arguably the best of which is the hammer fanning feature on the revolver. And you don’t just have to Clint Eastwood fools to death, no, you have a variety of choices in your deadly arsenal. We’ll cover that more in the Content section though.The aspect of gameplay that I enjoyed the most though, is the back and forth between Lo Wang and Hoji (and not to mention Wang’s one-liners). I would be amazed if you could play this game for ten minutes without chuckling at least a little bit.IV – Content [10/10]There was a pleasant and comfortable amount of content in Shadow Warrior. There are ten different weapons you’ll find during the course of the game. There are the standbys of all FPS games (shotgun, rocket launcher, flame thrower, etc.), but you also have access to exotic and unique weapons like demon hearts or demon heads. To clarify that just a little bit, the demon heads shoot huge beams of energy from their mouths and, yes, you decapitated it yourself. Each weapon has it’s own set of upgrades as well.You have a good set of upgrades to work your way through as you play the game. Some you’ll consider more worth it than others, but when isn’t that the case? Also, the campaign was a good length and a good difficulty (at any setting you’ll feel challenged).V – Visual [8/10]The graphics in Shadow Warrior are, admittedly, not the best the generation has to offer. That being said, they’re still good graphics. The demon models are fantastic and the sheer amount of gore displayed is enough to sate even the most avid Mortal Kombat veteran. The weapons are all very unique and each one has it’s own endearing quality in an aesthetic way.VI – Audio [10/10]When a game gets the music it right, that’s a good thing. When a game get’s the music perfect, that’s an amazing thing. There are some quality, metal backing tracks that set the perfect mood for relieving demons of their appendages. Whether your scrounging for cash or impaling those obnoxious winged ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s to walls, you’ll have some good tunes to accompany you.VII – Overall [9.5/10]Overall, Shadow Warrior is a great game and a shining example of what a FPS can be. If you’re sensitive to gore or profanity (why are you here?) you may want to steer away from this one. If that sort of thing is right up your alley and severed limbs don’t bother you, this is the game for you. It is absolutely worth the price tag, but if you can get it on sale, even better."
,Recommended,233130,14680216,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Bummo,"Disappointed that no god-'Zilla' jokes were made.Awesome combat, good graphics and a lot of humor.  I really like the classic gaming references and tropes that were included.  Good variety of weapons but the sword is just awesome, letting you hack off body parts or cut demons in half.  Also has some special combat powers and sword moves to keep things interesting with a combat rating system to encourage you to use all your weapons and abilities.If you like run and gun classic FPS combat then this should intrest you.There is a pattern of battle -> collect items -> battle -> repeat.  My urge to find all the secrets slowed things down and kinda sucked but if you can avoid that, this game is really fun."
76561197971513241,Recommended,233130,14781356,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,CrimsonTwizler,Very well done game and upholds all the elements of the original. A must have for fans of the original and FPS gamers alike.
76561198145137111,Recommended,233130,14785372,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Kum Captain,Such. A. Good. Game.
,Recommended,233130,14771013,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Construct,"A great mix of old school and new school that results in a lot of fun.  The limited number of possible sword mechanics are well-implemented with easy-to-remember combos.  Secrets are not brain and soul destroying wastes of time and fairly rewarding for the effort involved.  Guns and melee combat (sword) are well-balanced and joined for frenetic action that novice and advanced players of the game can manipulate to their choosing within the available options.  Magic is well implemented as a resource-independent system of limited cooldowns that make the player feel powerful without unbalancing the game.  RPG elements are no-hassle.Lo Wang and the game are pretty much thoroughly not racist; I picked up one fortune cookie and saw one sign that relied on a pun dependent on the transposition of 'l' and 'r' sounds.  One weird thing: mutilated female corpses all over the game.  Some of the female corpses are orally and genitally penetrated by the spikes.  It's a bit creepy.  Yeah, there are some male corpses, but hourglass figures covered in blood and skewered on spikes are a little more prominent.  They seem to exist in a different category from something cute and kitschy like an anime sprite bathing herself a la the original.  Other than that, there are only two female characters present in the entire game, and they are unique characters.  No idea what that's about, as their introduction is an appearance in the first area where no women were previously present.  The corpses are not meant to indicate anyone present in the game.The game is a little boring and iterative, but is mostly saved by an interesting, well-rendered setting and enjoyable sword gameplay.  It routinely goes on sale for $8, and that is the time to pick it up."
,Recommended,233130,14805222,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,SamuelT,"Wow, a great attempt to re-imagine the old classic.In many ways it has surpassed the old game, and not just because of better graphics and technical improvements.And in some ways it is actually another game. And in some ways it is not as good as the old game, for example level design is nothing like the first game. It does not really make the game bad, but don't expect the same complexity in the levels of the first game that was actually a part of the game-play.What is good?Gun and sword play is rock solid and fun. The swordplay is deep and you can almost play the game with just the sword alone. Lots of variety in gunplay and many customizable weapons. You also sort of ""level up"" and can add powers and skills to vary the gameplay. Boss fights great fun too. The artistic vision is quite deep. And the levels are truly beautiful. It feels like the game has a deep lore.The humor and voice acting is hilarious. It makes an interesting balance, because on one hand you feel the game is truly pollished, and in some ways going deep. Then the next moment you feel the game does not take itself seriously one bit with its story, the gameplay, and how the main characters act and what they say. Wonderful.The game feels difficult at times, but not impossible, and you'll find a way to master it. It never felt frustrating to me. Crazy and overwhelming, yes, but still somewhat manageable. Perfect and thrilling.What is not so good?Well, you need a pretty powerful computer to run this one well. I did not really have what the game really requires and it was a little sluggish, but I still think it played ok. But I also noticed that no matter what setting, I pretty much got the same results. The game has really nice textures and effects wich I assume takes most of the power.The game can feel a bit repetitive and a lot of work. Well, it is a shooter, and the gun variety is fantastic, but I noticed there were times I was kind of though, ""yet another hord of mosters..."" Let's put it like this, even though there is some replayability in terms of how you build your character and how you use your weapons, I don't feel like re-playing this game soon. For me that is not a bad thing necessarily. I think the game was quite long and I was satiesfied, but then I had enough.It frequently comes up dirt cheap in steam sales. When it does, there is no excuse for not picking up this game. Even at full price I think it is good enough though.Highly recommended!"
76561198105885255,Recommended,233130,14796634,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,ReddKnight,An Amazing Game With Demons And a lot of fun hack n' slash those guys with a Awesome Katana slash slash slash slash slashy slash...slash
,Not Recommended,233130,14801243,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,m lyes,It was fun at first then It was just a♥♥♥♥♥♥fest of crappy lies
,Recommended,233130,14694213,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Terry™,"It does the original proud.The sword mechanics are some of the best I've seen in any game that features sword play. Honestly I was using my sword more often than not just because slicing monsters in halves is just too much fun. That said, the guns do sound and feel excellent.The game was a lot longer than I anticpated, that 13 hours is just one straight playthrough. Granted that was with searching every nook and cranny for the many and hilarious secrets that exist in the game (I didn't find them all). The plot also suprised me with how much depth it had, very unusual in such a game but more than welcome.The visuals are great for the most part though it did suffer in places, I found.  I had a few perfomance issues on certain levels also, but nothing as bad to put me off the game.This is easily one of the best recent FPS games I've played. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,233130,14603636,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,TheCaptain53,Sliced up demon10/10 would Wang again
,Recommended,233130,7899334,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Von Hammarzeit,"Shadow Warrior 2013 is a fun hack'n slash with some poor visual design.The swordplay is excellent fun with powerups that changes the basic gameplay into something more advanced,dodging around enemies throwing energy swipes at them is real good fun.The guns however feel lackluster, from weird design choices to plain useless. Even the rocket launcher feels underwhelming from the slow rockets and lack of damage.Killing all enemies in one area to continue on makes the game feel like a proper beat'em up, only thing it lacks is a huge GO!! flashing in the sky when you are done.The game looks good with neat textures, the shades are somewhat overused and drags it down though.The weapon models look fine, some guns do take too much of the screen though.So, good game with decent visual and fun swordgameplay, only negatives being the lackluster gunplay and some bad balancing."
,Recommended,233130,14607463,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Kashou,There is a naked 2D girl behind a waterfall. GOTY 2015
76561197963400690,Recommended,233130,14764996,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,kremit,"This game is actually really fun to play, but also very forgettable. I will not remember the name of this game in a few weeks. Break neck speed, lots of katana use, the controls feel responsive and accurate. Worth playing if its on sale."
,Recommended,233130,14753256,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Dapper Fapper,"I may have only a couple of hours clocked into this game, but I've got over 100 on the classic non-steam version. Shadow Warrior was one of my favorite games, along with Duke Nukem 3D. I have to say, this game is awesome as hell. The sword combat is very fluent and very fun to use, you barely need guns. The graphics are solid, although Lo Wang's face looks a bit odd. Environments change a hell of a lot, keeping it interesting to explore. The amount of magic skills and perk trees keep combat from getting dull, and it's super fun to perform a magic 360 spin with a katana that explodes demons into pieces. The skill trees act a LOT like Far Cry 3's system, so if you've played that, it'll feel very familair. You can carry up to 9 guns at once, like the classic version. Purchase upgrades for weapons, unlock magic abilities, and wield the Saint's Row Penetrator as a sword. This game is probably the best remake of a classic FPS I've seen in a while."
76561197973402934,Recommended,233130,14767610,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Bhaal,"Excellent game. Fun gameplay and weapons, good pacing, main character is fun, cool story.  I highly recommend.  I'm definitely going to look into more games from this studio."
,Not Recommended,233130,14770136,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,GeckoCox,"Firstly,I pre-ordered the standard edition for $30 odd (from memory) with high expectations,being a fan of games such as Serious Sam and Hard Reset. Since then,I have installed and uninstalled it several times due to it having game breaking perfromance issues (not something I come across often with my 300+ games library),mainly stuttering and huge frame drops on any setting. It wasn't until a recent install that the game was extremely smooth and playable,so I'm unable to tell you which patch fixed my issues.For the first few hours,I thought this game was incredible,and was glad it came along but around the 6-8 hour mark it became way too repetitive and predictable. Theres a good range of weapons and upgrades to choose from,but it just got to the point where I couldn't wait for it to end. The story was of no interest to me,and It probably didn't help that I had such long breaks between play,but it still wasn't my cup of tea. If this is your sort of scene,you may be content with the story keeping you entertained for the duration of the game. I did however get a chuckle out of some of the comedy that features throughout in different forms. The combat is pretty solid,but with basically the same use of weapons,enemies and looting throughout,it became really dull and grindy with nothing to really mix it up or keep me guessing.I will say though that the game looks gorgeous,you can tell alot of effort has gone into the graphics side of things,and it will take the beefiest of rigs to max it out. It's the sort of game you want to fire up to test new hardware,or to show your console only mates how good a game can look on PC.If you can get this on special (currently $7.99 for standard),then I would say that you should get your monies worth,but you'll be hard pressed to have the same result buying it at full price."
,Recommended,233130,13984743,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Griggs HCK,"Really fun game, slash and shooting, but it dragged a little bit too long, with scripted event, and force enemies at your face, so it can get quite repeatetive. Fine some cheats that enable one hit kill on anything if you want top of the line fun."
76561198052349147,Recommended,233130,13987128,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Tombstone,"A very good, expansive story with interesting locations and amazing gameplay. I'm not sure if having a main character called Lo Wang and childish humour ruins it all or makes it more awesome... Nah, it definitely makes it more awesome!"
76561197972217646,Recommended,233130,13997878,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Mister Smisker,"Can't recommend this enough. Pure action throughout and they've actually managed to put together a decent plot, even though the trailers make it out like it's all gonna be a joke."
,Recommended,233130,13999196,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,SlashPatriarchy,"Holy crap, what a fantastic game. If you hate reading I'll quickly summarize my opinionsGood-Sword combat-Upgrade system-Funny dialog-Satisfying and emotional story with interesting loreBad-Guns aren't as fun or useful as the sword-Too many sections where you just fight wave after wave of enemies-Most powers are fairly uselessIt's less a first person shooter and more a first person slasher. You have guns but you probably won't be using them most of the time. Your katana is really powerful and the guns just feel weak by comparison. That actually brings me to one of the only complaints I really have about this game. The guns don't feel satisfying enough. With the exception of flying enemies and some larger enemies that just go down much easier with charged crossbow shots, I never really had much reason to use guns because the katana was so much more powerful and was just so much more fun to use.My other issue was the waves of enemies. This is the issue I always had with God of War games too, but it only started to bug me towards the very end of the game. You will enter a room and kill a bunch of enemies, then after they're all dead, another wave of enemies will appear, and so on. While it only rarely started to feel tedious, it just feels very uncreative and makes me impatient to move on.Okay, those two minor complaints aside, the action is really good. Slashing through demons never gets old and the types of demons are varied enough that you will need to change your attack stratedy fairly often. Some fights toward the end can get super chaotic in the best way possible. You can upgrade skills, weapons, and powers. Most of the powers aren't terribly useful, except healing. Max out healing as soon as you can, because you're definitely going to need it. Most skills are useful and I was always carefully thinking about what I wanted next. It wasn't until the very end that I found myself with skill points that I didn't really need. Weapon upgrades were not as useful for me because, as I said, I rarely used anything but the katana. Upgrading the crossbow makes boss fights much easier but aside from that there weren't any necessary weapon upgrades, in my opinion.The writing in this game was also fantastic. I wasn't really expecting much in terms of story. The dialog was actually really funny (not exactly high brow stuff but still very funny in a kind of immature way) but the story is what really surprised me. What started out as a mindless hack and slash game actually had some interesting lore and a story that actually gets pretty emotional. I love story in games and don't typically expect much story from fps games, but this game pleasantly surprised me. Just bear in mind that the story is told in out of place fragments, so I was very confused for a lot of the game. But when the story finally does come together, it comes together beautifully"
76561198007697172,Recommended,233130,11093894,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Obscillesk,"How does this game not have a better rating?  Holy crap, not only does it have great sword and gunplay but theres an actual story!  And character development!  And one liners that are actually funny!  And its true to its roots like a proper remake should be!"
,Recommended,233130,11094851,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,The Broodwich,"Old school shooter feel, epic (if slightly repetative) boss fights, and I story that (suprisingly) is rather enjoyable. Would recommend to anyone who wants to feel like a total badass."
,Recommended,233130,11095999,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,DeusJGer,"A non-stop-action game packed with gore, violence, sexism, racism; in short, it's awesome."
,Recommended,233130,11096216,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,2 - 1 - 1 - 2,"This is possibly the most underappreciated gem of 2013. After shaking it off on release as another unfaithful reboot, I finaly looked into the demo after I saw a Two Best Friends Play of it. This is one of those few times where a demo has convinced me to buy a full game."
76561197982935367,Recommended,233130,11098467,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Captain Shitfaced,"This Game features Fortune Cookies with quotes from George Carlin, Rabbits that turn into the Devil Incarnate when you slash them with your Katana (sick Heavy Metal Music included) and you can finally get achievements for playing with your Wang.10/10"
76561198066992222,Recommended,233130,11219742,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,{ PrivateBurke },Too brutally and badass!!!! And for the end I will just say LO WANG *****
,Recommended,233130,11012426,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Jesus Christ,"This is a great remake of the classic Shadow Warrior, the attention to detail is amazing, the graphics itself is great, this is a great pc game to have just for the graphics itself.The gameplay is really fantastic too, it doesnt get dull and repetitive with combat, most of the levels have a lot of secrets for the player to find.This game has some replay value if you want to do a 100% runAlso this game goes on sale a lot with a nice 75% discount usually so most of you should get this game when its on sale"
,Recommended,233130,11071813,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Officer Bananas,"I'm just going to copypaste my Killing Floor review for this oneI'm pretty late to the party on this one, but it's still enjoyableThere's an odd sense of fulfillment that comes with beheading things with a katana"
,Recommended,233130,11077399,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,JayronHubard,Felt like getting high and playing a video game one night..Bought it for the lolz..Played for the goofy banter and gunplay..Stayed for the Katana play.
,Recommended,233130,7915957,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Lusito,"This is what I wanted from DNF!An Oldschool Shooter that doesn't take itself too serious,has lots of funny quotes, real secrets and a nicely balanced set of weapons."
76561198043754699,Recommended,233130,7918450,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Faggot the Boy Wonder,if you hate this game you are the kind of person to♥♥♥♥♥♥on the floor and blame it on the dog.
,Recommended,233130,7918804,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Roger Smoore,One of the best games i have played in a long time.
,Recommended,233130,7919053,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,[MwaH] NeoStarr,"The best first person shooter I've played in a long time. Serious Sam gameplay with Red Steel 2 combat. Everything is destructable, most stuff is even explosive just because that's awesome. Insane weapons, hilarious dialog, inspired level design; I really can't say enough good things about it."
,Recommended,233130,7919111,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Burnedout,Talk about throwback style.  Great graphics and old school 1990s style FPS gameplay with health packs and secret areas and none of those maps and stuff.  Also excellent sword/melee play and gratuitous bloodletting. Want to watch Wang wash Wang?
76561198007896960,Recommended,233130,7919230,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,PaperBroom,"One of my top 5 best games of my life so far, maybe even the top 1. I love this game with all of my heart and I recommend this game for everyone and anyone."
76561197990165254,Recommended,233130,7898485,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,MacCleod,lots of fun great spin on a old classic with many good improvements
76561197963722308,Recommended,233130,7898811,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,VoodooM,"Finally melee is fun again! Great game, 10+chapters, excelent graphics, loads of blood and one-liners! Love it"
,Recommended,233130,7585380,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,CLARPUS,"The humor in this doesn't quite reach the level of♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes in Bulletstorm but it gets close.I enjoyed finding all the little secrets and easter eggs in this.  It truly did feel like a shooter from the 90s updated for the 21st century.The guns are mediocre at the best of times, but the katana is fun as hell to use all throughout.  This game is really pretty to look at as well; I have a bunch of screenshots I uploaded if you want to see how some of the environments look."
,Recommended,233130,7479074,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,TheOtherClone,"Not really worth the price, woulda been awesome maybe a year or two ago.  Screen wobbled around 10x more than battlefield.  But if you like ridiculous gore and arcade-like fighting and killing, get this"
76561197971374467,Recommended,233130,7903909,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Ambition²,Just Wangtastic! Nothing more to say!
76561198006237487,Recommended,233130,7904442,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,13fps,Jesus this game is rad.
,Recommended,233130,7904463,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Morticide Baen'ath,Most ridiculous amounts of fun I've had in ages!
,Recommended,233130,7904669,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Ettannis,This game is very fun best FPS of the year.
,Recommended,233130,8162261,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,spaceshiplewis,Best Game of the Year. Slice and dice enemies into mincemeat with a katana or carry badass weapons like the good ol' days of arcade.
,Recommended,233130,8165695,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Blitzy,This is definitely one of the most enjoyable first-person shooters of 2013.
76561198006167892,Recommended,233130,8166200,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,[IRON]Rorgash,"wow, i normaly dont like these kinds of games, but this one is amazing, the Sword play is soooo satisfying"
76561197992985917,Recommended,233130,7419362,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,SmithDoc,a great arcadey style slasher that works best in short play sessions -anything longer than that and it becomes a bit repetitive. an  old fashioned gorey game with a new coat of paint. recommended to fans of the original duke nukem or serious sam.
,Recommended,233130,10475973,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Hextremist,"One of the best single player first person shooter (or first person slasher?) I've played in a long time.  It's funny, has tons of secrets and easter eggs.  Wang's one-liners are cheesy at times but that still won't stop me from grinning everytime I hear him speak.Probably the coolest thing about the game is the sword combat.  While I could just shoot my way through the game with the large assortment of guns and projectile weapons, nothing is more sastisfying than chopping baddies with my katana.But you know what's the best thing about Shadow Warrior?  The fact that it works flawlessly in 3D!  This is a game that makes me wish I had an Oculus Rift, because on a 3D monitor the game looks absolutely stunning!  The crosshair isn't messed up, the weapons Wang hold near the screen aren't split up or positioned weirdly.  I wouldn't be surprised if the developers purposely made this game 3D compatible because it plays perfectly!"
,Recommended,233130,10519111,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Your New Stepdad,"BUY IT!  Seriously, that's all I have to say.  This is the great ""build engine"" game resurrection that you've been looking for since Duke Nukem Forever♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you off.  Buy Shadow Warrior!"
,Recommended,233130,10520530,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Reilsss,"After just playing a few minutes, I got the feel to have hands on a quality product. A game well thougth and executed. With great jokes, easter eggs, and lovely scenery to look at. The music is excelent and the story feels good. So does the shooting. And have I mentoned the sword combat? If you like to cut your schnitzle yourself this game is totally for you. So much nice dismebering i havent seen in a while.All together for me this is a excelent game and I'm supriced that it is not even a full price title here.If you a fan of classic shooter experinces (aka stuff the way done befor CoD arrived), then this is for you.If you like a quality well made game this also worth checking.I can just highly recomment it."
76561198072942481,Recommended,233130,10532864,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,sigmacenturion,Very fun game. Worth the money and the references are pretty funny.
76561198009419827,Recommended,233130,10532989,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Cousin Special Agent,"This was WAY better than I expected. I was expecting a mediocre fps slasher with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story with a lot of cool monsters and explosions. What I got was a suprising decent story that is surpisingly long, epic boss fights, excellent gameplay, and game that made me want to replay it as soon as I beat it! This is what Duke Nukem Forever should have been. My only complaint is that it should have a co-op mode. 8.5/10"
76561198062929052,Recommended,233130,10498701,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Feels Good..,Hilarious and twisted fun =D The fortune cookies often make me laugh so hard I have to pause the game - this is so so worth playing! Lo Wang is a riot as is his demon helper and the combat system is very well done as is the skill and weapons system.
76561198054029365,Recommended,233130,10638936,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ronil_narayan,awesome re-make of the 1997 classic
,Recommended,233130,10640741,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Benny™,"One of the best if not the best 'Hack-and-Slash' games of this curent generation. The mot underrated game of 2013 easily, tight controls, fluent combat, easy to follow story (which had a surprisingly good narrative with very deep story, I actually felt for Hoji and his influence).  Usually in these kind games the melee weapon is underplayed. Nuh-uh, not in this game. Lo Wang will slice the crap outta any demon (or human) that crosses his path. The sword feels great and the hit detection is completley flawless. Buy the game on this site or GoG and have the time of your life in a singleplayer. All action, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Flying Wild Hog absoluteley nailed this reboot, unlike Gearbox who completley♥♥♥♥♥♥on poor ol' Duke (I know it shifted between devs but they should've just completley redid the entire game at that point). Give this game a go, you wont regret it!You don't mess with Lo Wang!      oh yeah...and Hoji..."
,Recommended,233130,10770200,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,decoy!,SWORD FIGHT!
,Recommended,233130,103909,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,{CJB}|Decker,"This game is great.  It feels like a character action game while giving you the satisfaction of a First Person Shooter.  Lo Wang's commentary with his partner has some dry spots but the gameplay sure as hell carries this game to the end.  I plan on doing multiple play through's and probably more if some combat DLC comes out.This is a must buy for people that love sword combat, gunplay and a good sense of progression."
,Recommended,233130,10837087,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,TheKillingJoke734,"Shadow Warrior is a very classic action ""hero"" game, with upgradeable weapons, skills, and basic passives. The story encompasses the Shadow Realm, a realm where Asian mythology thrives, and a being banished from this realm. You, Lo Wang, are first sent to attain a strange sword, when the world goes haywire. If you like ridiculous swordplay, guns, explosions and one liners, buy this bad boy.Cause you've got the touch."
76561197972844214,Recommended,233130,10838021,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mephisto,Seriously one of the bloodiest and best looking games ever :)Everyone whos not playing is missing out
,Recommended,233130,10693530,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Lord of Steel,"I bought this expecting an entertaining but shallow FPS. Instead, I got a surprisingly solid storyline with GREAT action.The swordplay is so satisfying that I ended up using the sword 95 percent of the time, except during boss fights and when fighting certain monsters. There are a bunch of different moves you can do. They are executed via easy-to-remember combos which involve hitting two directional keys and then the left or right mouse button.Another thing which makes the sword fighting even better is the variation in enemy types. Each requires a different tactic to kill them. Once you get the hang of it, the battles in the game become very fluid as you dart around killing demons with all of these different moves.There are slight RPG elements present. They allow you to customize Lo Wang's different powers, skills and abilities.This game would be worth playing even if the sword fighting was the only good thing about it. But you also get a good plot and excellent level design. There was not one area in the game which became tedious or annoying. I was not stuck trying to progress at any point.The game is quite long for a modern FPS. It took me 13 hours on normal difficulty. I only died maybe ten to fifteen times, and like I said before I was not stuck or lost at any point.Lo Wang isn't nearly as over the top in this game. Given the presence of an actual good plot, I prefer it that way. That being said, there is still a good amount of humor in the game.There are a lot of secrets in the game too. Keep and eye out for fortune cookies and retro areas!I don't think I've enjoyed a pure action game like this so much since The Second Encounter. I paid 7.50 for it during the winter sale, but if I had known it was this good thirty bucks would seem like a very fair price. Get it."
76561198021987618,Recommended,233130,10694253,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ID,"This game gave me everything I expected from an old style run and gun shooter. I enjoyed slicing everyone down to the very last level. Art Direction was good for the game as well as the cinematics. Speaking of graphics, everything was drop dead gorgeous. Shadow Warrior was a lengthly, fun ride, full of love from the developers."
76561198080971886,Recommended,233130,10775276,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Fafe,AMAZInG
76561198033298631,Recommended,233130,10776199,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Coop,i can not recomend this game enough it has a very uniq play style the gun play is fun but the swoord play is amazing the funny 1 linners are too good and the game just makes fun of its self just watch the trailer to see that.
76561197992863440,Recommended,233130,10777426,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Hugh G Rection,This game has a double barreled shotgun you can upgrade to a quadruple barreled shotgun. The quadruple barreled shotgun can be upgraded to fire all four barrels at once. That upgrade appears as a BIG RED BUTTON on the gun. QED GOTY
76561198045016650,Recommended,233130,10777982,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Jail Housewives,"""I give it ah 7 on da Wang-O-Meter"" Much Rate Very Recommend Such Wow"
76561198098253988,Recommended,233130,9717924,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,CaBa_Mecap,"Sir Wangs a Long. Same atmosphere as in original with the same bunnies all around the place. Acting is excellent and almost on par with the original, music is great, graphics good enough. Basically, a perfect game to play after hard days work! Full recommendation."
,Recommended,233130,9718831,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,panic attack at the disco,I give it a 10 on the Wang-O-Meter.
,Recommended,233130,8581973,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,WillPower,all around a badass game
76561197970406568,Recommended,233130,9711104,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Chopper_Dan,"This is the finest reboot I have ever played.This game is beautiful, thoughtful and on the whole engaging.There are a few blemishes that take away from the experience, but on the whole I recommend everyone give it a go.Prepare for an unexpected ending.I sincerely hope that some how, some way, there is a second installment, but I fear much like the beloved bulletstorm, it may never come to be."
,Recommended,233130,9708334,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,InsidiousGamer,"Absolutely I recomend this game. It definitely feels like older FPS titles with all the graphics of todays generation. The secrets really make the game.Hint: Kill every rabbit you see. Its awesome. I thought it was just gonna be a run-of-the-mill Alice in Wonderland reference, but nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo.If I had a complaint, in my experience the guns are not as powerful or as useful as they could be, and I never find myself using demon hearts. I just hack and slash my way through the game. I love the sword mechanics and the ability to cut up corpses on the ground. Also, not enough parkour on rooftops, but I guess every game can't be Mirror's Edge.One more complaint is the art book/Special Edition. Not as in depth as I would have hoped, and usually they charge an extra $10 for that? But oh well, got this on a steam sale and its definitely worth the $12 i spent.Is it worth $40? Probably not, but hey, download the demo and find out for yourself! This is turning into one of my favorite games. Not top ten, but still great!"
76561198053055688,Recommended,233130,9708413,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Ginsu,"Buy it, buy it now.  This is an awesome throw-back to old-school FPS goodness. No BS 2 gun limit, a ton of upgrades to weapons, skills, & demonic powers, a great art style and oh-so-hilarious racist humor. What more do you need?"
,Recommended,233130,9944186,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Teef 🐏,SUPER GOOD OH!
,Recommended,233130,9585862,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,BJJ_Zen,One of the funnest FPS games I've played in years. Sword play is just amazing.
76561197976784565,Recommended,233130,9587508,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Flannel Josie,"This game is great.  Goes on sale a lot so don't pay full price.  It's face paced slash, shoot and magic combat with a funny story and pretty visuals.  The combat has a unique feel and the levels have old school designs so that it feels fresh.  As long as you're getting it on sale for say, $10, its well worth it.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VAIz6aI4AH4&feature=share&list=UU8dVZU-nfCY45a98Vbd0QKw&index=1"
76561198122191051,Recommended,233130,26619937,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,davrusevych,Рубилово просто жесть)))))
,Recommended,233130,26619964,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,tigertank44,"This is a great game! Buy it! Play it! Be bloody satisfied!What it is:Its a gem of a FPS single player game. It has a very good story which is quite lenghty (comapred to modern standards). It has beautifyl graphics, good voice acting and nice music.Game mechanics are simple. You kill dozens of not-very-intelligent enemies. You either shoot them or slash them with a katana. No puzzle solving, no maze-crwaling, no stealth. I think it resembles the original Duke Nukem in many aspects.There's alot of Duke Nukem / Serious Sam like humour as well.Game also features a somewhat extensive systems of skills and perks. And weapon upgradee.Wha it lacks:* Good multiplayer* Fights usually happen in limited space. There is no huge area battles with hordes of enemies like in SS series. Usually you fight 1-3 dozens of various enemies in one room.* Poor weapon choice. You onle get a revolver, SMG, shotgun (rather weak one), crossbow (as a sniping weapon), flamethrower (almost useless) and a missile launcher."
,Recommended,233130,26547725,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Aruz,"Very fun game, worth buying. Plenty of weapon variety, levels are nice, overall it was a great experience. Only issue I have with it is dashing off stairs will sometimes kill you if you're not careful."
,Recommended,233130,20432710,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Struggling College Student,"All Men Eat, but Fu Man Chu"
76561198025276041,Recommended,233130,26912866,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,thasubi,Nothing better than a death metal playing while black rabbit from the depths of Hell mercilessly devours your soul.
,Recommended,233130,26907436,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,YetAnotherUnfunnyJoke,"Probably one of the best shooters of 2013, it doesn´t only have an old-school shooter vibe, but also has one of the best meleé combat sistems i´ve ever saw in a videogame. Addictive from start to finish, it features some epic boss fights (sort of Painkiller-like) along with a wide variety of guns. There are few types of common enemies (2-3 demons and yakuzas) and three types of minibosses, but overall its always refreshing combat style and fun (but not very complicated) plot makes this game a must-buy for everyone who enjoys singleplayer-only old-school FPS."
,Recommended,233130,26895891,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Neswa,One of the best FPS games i ever played...
,Recommended,233130,26902206,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Herman30,"I bought this game years ago for about £1.99 and never played it until a few weeks ago. I wish I'd played it sooner, I thought the story and humour were spot on."
,Recommended,233130,26920731,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,doccarnby,"Bioshock Infinite was considered the best shooter of 2013, but in my mind Shadow Warrior has it beat, hands down. The guns in Shadow Warrior feel great, and the sword feels even better. The game has a nice length, and it has a way better story than you'd think, one that's way more tragic and sad than you'd expect for a game that's also pretty funny.In conclusion, fighting demons is fun, the story is good, and Hoji is a way better companion than Elizabeth."
,Recommended,233130,26919635,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tzoker,Great game!
76561198060782606,Recommended,233130,26920062,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Baiano Beleza,Good gameplay with a good story.Great game!
,Recommended,233130,26943655,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ManyDamnApples,"Great game to chill out in. I sometimes get some microstuttering or a lag spikes, but I have a hunch that this is due to my hardware and not the game itself. Definetely recommend a buy, especially if it's on sale."
,Recommended,233130,26960975,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kyoshiro,Great over the top action game.  Highly recomend!
76561198051205960,Recommended,233130,25824860,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,localvan2003,love this game - it's great - my only single bummer about it .... i wish they kept lo wang the old guy he was in the very first one back in the 90's - it just made it a bit funnier when he made his comments since it was an old asian guy kickin butts! other than that it's great and if you never played the first one it's was great too at the time one of the best. who can't love STICKY BOMBS!
76561198081968922,Recommended,233130,25829701,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Spooky Bunkinstan,Duke Nukem forever but better and asian.
,Recommended,233130,25514502,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,MechBull,"Very funny and charismatic characters, both Lo Wang and Hoji. Jokes hidden everywhere. You will slay demons in hundreds of different ways and laught a lot. Perfect f*uckin combination.Shadow Warrior is truly amazing. Beatiful graphics, balanced statusand powers, nice and many weapons, blood and blood and blood. Definatly recommend."
,Recommended,233130,25456100,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,seo0___2,it's pretty good
,Recommended,233130,25497331,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Dispot۩™,"The Build on this game is fantastic. the graphics are really great and every bit of game play is enjoyable. i love how you develop Lou wang, the powers and upgrades are cool.also the retro throwback secrets are excellent. i will recommend this game to everyone that enjoys a FPS and hack n' slash."
,Recommended,233130,25568891,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Yorha,I was once a legend.But i ♥♥♥♥ed up.
,Recommended,233130,25540841,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,izuqq,忍者？恶魔？枪战？暴走？喜欢冰火两重天的可以入手玩玩。2代必入.......：）
76561198053453659,Recommended,233130,25467624,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,derLuggah,"The gore and the sword gameplay is fun, just like the protagonists jokes. Sadly, the levels are repetetive, boring and small. So why do I recommend it? Because it has a lot of potential which will be hopefully exploited in the sequel Shadow Warrior 2. I am hyped because it looks like diablo in first person and could fix every aspect of the first game."
76561198175487927,Recommended,233130,25454777,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Honey Ham,All kinds of stupid fun
,Recommended,233130,25437493,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Mematode,It has a lot of d*ck jokes.10/10
,Recommended,233130,25432311,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Nazgul,"I got this game for £2.99 in the Winter sale. Wait for it on sale and grab a bargain.This is one of the most ridiculously funny games I've ever played. Ever played a game where you're character tells the things he's killing to ""Pull my finger""? Loads of swearing and bad attitude make for a really engrossing, laughable shooter.The game itself is fun and not too easy but fairly linear in its level design. The combat however makes it. Combining swords and guns, crossbows and demon hearts with a plethora of special moves and gory deaths.Lo Wang is right up there with heroes like Ash of the Evil Dead Films."
76561197996885522,Recommended,233130,25216217,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,WetYogaWolf,"The graphics are really good, the gameplay is tight, the story in actually compeling, the writing and voice acting is funny, it has bunnies, what more do you want?The Linux/SteamOS port runs very well at 60fps except in very hectic combat with my GTX 960, over all it's really good."
,Recommended,233130,25641997,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Sonilo,Like terrible jokes? Like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes? Like accidentally finding secrets? Like swords and guns? Like gratuitous gore? If you answered yes to any and all of these get this game.
,Recommended,233130,25642134,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Sythgreen,"Pretty good remake of the old one , cant wait to see what SW2 has to offer."
,Recommended,233130,25641285,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,GORDON FREEMAN,"Plays like Serious Sam, but with a katana!"
76561198144712572,Recommended,233130,25671001,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Ullur,"Really cool, loved to dimember demons and other stuff.Graphisms and ambiance are well done.Gets a new lifespawn once you finished it because you can replay harder mode with your improved weapons.10/10, a very good game in the ""violence with style"" kind."
76561198039263996,Recommended,233130,25582025,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Big_Daddy,"bought this on a sale a long time back started playing it and stopped for some reason not sure why. Thought I would play it with shadow warrior 2 comming out and I loved it. I thought it was better than the latest doom. played in 4k resolution no problems frame rate was great really fun sort of a cross between deadpool doom and the old movie ""big trouble in little china"". Just really enjoyed playing it. very humourous and lots of blood and gore and guns and powers, but still a pretty challenging and fun game. will likely do a second playthrough since I can keep the skills I learned the first play so it will be even bloodier and crazier the second time."
,Recommended,233130,25575644,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Kevkas,"I've just finished this game. In one word, it's a gem.It's been a while since I've been motivated to actually 'finish' a game, and I must say this game is worth finishing. The story is very good, with a nice twist at the end, and the art in it is exceptionaly good, I'd say it's one of the most beautiful games I've played, ever. This game has 3 VERY strong points: visuals, audio, and story (the script).~ Pros ~- Visual/Graphics: this is one of the strongest points in this game, the only word I can use to discribe it is 'beautiful'. The scenarios are very well achieved (kudos to the guys in charge of this), and the level design goes along with it, gorgeous yet very functional and entertaining.- Audio/Music: another great aspect of this game, the music is brilliant, suits the game perfectly, and has been carefuly chosen to strike a great balance between cultural references to old Japan and modern bits here and there.- Story/Script: the writers did a wonderful job here, at first the story is a bit tricky, it doesn't show right away where it's heading, you discover the story arch as you play the game, which is exactly what I like, I don't like knowing beforehand exactly where the game is taking me. There are a few nice twists along the way and at the end, something I particularly enjoy.- Voice acting: I decided to make this a point by itself because of how good it is. Lo Wang's voice actor (the main character) has done a perfect job, seriously, it's believeable, enticing, entertaining, funny, and feels like a real person. The guy who voiced Hoji also did a great job, those two are voices you'll listen to throughout the entire game, and it's a welcomed performance because of the chemistry they achieved.- Fun: sometimes we play games and we forget this is an important thing, this game is entertaining yes, I've said that before, but it's also 'fun'. The game has some very good and fun bits all over the place: funny comments, hidden secrets, fortune cookies with phrases that will make you crack, and it all has been included in a very fitting manner, it keeps you in a good mood and makes you actually WANT to keep playing. The intro video is actually your first experience with this, just see it and you'll know exactly what I'm taking about (also check below about this).~ Cons ~- Intro video: it's a bit old graphics-wise, which is weird because the rest of the game has exceptionaly good graphics and other videos that look much better. Trust me, don't let yourself be fooled by the quality, I even think it may have been done that way on purpose, but I'd have liked it to look a bit better, just a personal preference. The rest of the game looks great so don't worry.- Story: although this is one of the best aspects of this game, it does have a few moments where it falls under cliches and old formulas. Most of the time it works, so I can't really blame them, and it adds to the game being a 'classic' in a way, so perhaps it's not truly a bad aspect, just be aware of this.~ Conclusion ~That's it, several Pros and a couple of Cons that aren't even that important to be honest, I've had a lot of fun playing this game, and I can't believe it had been sitting in my game list all this time without me paying attention to it. Shame on me.As for the price, if you can grab it on sale don't even think about it, just buy it, I'll even say it's worth its full price, so if you can afford it go for it, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,233130,25807914,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,ChemicalCo,"Awesome game. Decent story that keeps you playing to find out what happens next. Lots of upgrades and items to find. Tons of secrets in the levels which I love, some are really hard to find. Definitely recommend playing."
,Recommended,233130,25950716,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Hyper,"Love this game, made me pre-order Shadow Warrior 2. If you liked Doom (2016), you'll definitely like this.Story isn't anything amazing, but this game is about the gameplay. Just shooting enemies like the old times is the best part.Graphically, the game looks very good for a 2013 game.One thing I noticed on the first launch of the game is that the FPS went sky high. I was getting like 1000+ fps with my GTX 1080. My GPU didn't like it and started sounding like an airplane. So you have to enable V-Sync or you will get hardware problems.TL:DR:Game is very enjoyable but enable V-Sync or your pc will hate it."
76561197976960757,Recommended,233130,25933694,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,blackforce999,"got this game late, pretty good i have to say."
,Recommended,233130,27437894,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Superwave,A game that doesn't take itself seriouslyA game that will make you feel like you're unstoppableA game that is a bulletfest against bossesAnd most of all...A game that hits you hard in the wang at the endRIP Hoji
,Recommended,233130,27474786,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,maniac,this game is rad bro
76561198026262170,Recommended,233130,24132714,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,show 'em  Pig,"picked this game up on sale.  cant stop playing! fantastic linear slasher. excellent gameplay, good gore levels, rewards for kills and the list goes on. Buy this game its worth the play! 5 stars"
,Recommended,233130,27444593,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sen-pai,Epic game
,Recommended,233130,27435279,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Chiaki Nanami,So many blood and gore !
,Recommended,233130,27456387,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,D3m0l1T10nD3rbY,I rarely post reviews but this game is really enjoyable. Fights are truely enjoyable but some of them are a real challenge if you play on the hardest difficulty.
76561198067687272,Recommended,233130,26441442,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,isaac,"i'm in love with everything japenese (and chinees) so seeing this game with it's tongue and cheek humor and amazing combat reminding me of serious sam, I immediately signed up for this game. The story is interesting but cheesy at best with it's funny writing and hilarious jokes. The combat is deep and gory with many skill trees and (basic) weapon customization that will most likely keep replay value high. It is linear but with some side routes you can take for unique materials for skills and secrets.i loved this game and you will to, i can't wait to try out shadow warrior 2 because from what i have heard it's bigger, smarter, funnier and better than this one but still try it before buying the sequel. Remember: Never ever shoot the bunny's!PS: once again don't look at my played hours, i played it more on other consoles"
76561198081479587,Recommended,233130,24779672,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,OlDirty Bastard,"Loving this game so far! great visuals and sword play that many games should take note of.If not for what i mentioned above, get this game for Lo-Wang!!!Comments throughout the game are hysterical.Remaking classics with up-to-date graphics and advanced (but sensible) game mechanics is awesome!I would use an x-box controller for this game. so much more fun to play.DON'T MISS THIS WHILE IT IS ON SALE!!!!NOW WHO WANTS A LO-WANG?!?!"
,Recommended,233130,24788611,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,WhySoSalty63,This game is really fun so far and pretty neat graphics to.
,Recommended,233130,24819231,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Arrite,Remember what Chad Warden said about the Wiimote? Now you can kill tons of evil looking things with it (and guns too)
,Recommended,233130,24749651,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Spongebob porn,I like how it does not concentrate on guns and bombs. Instead they went for a sword fps game and this made it very good and oringional... it is good for people who like anime as you play as naruto and kill everyone brutally420/360 ign
76561198167774998,Recommended,233130,24749665,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Toxicgunner3,This game is really amazing you should get it now
76561198211733932,Recommended,233130,24306953,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Joules,"This is a good example on how to revive an old game. It's fun, simple and actually it have a nice story. More bosses would been nice. Gun play it's not top noch but who cares when you can slice everything with your katana.10/10."
,Recommended,233130,24793601,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Mechagodzilla 3,Battling a big demon likehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmInkxbvlCs
,Recommended,233130,24806587,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Betch,"I must say, I'm loving the wit of this game. The interactions are funny and i love the song. YOU GOT THE POWER!"
76561198013758491,Recommended,233130,24804121,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,daskrieghuhn,"That this game does first person melee well is reason enough to recommend it.The writing is pretty good, if not great.  The dialogue is funny.The levels are a bit repetitive, but interesting enough to look at.The enemies are more than just punching bags full of blood, and even the weakest ones can wreck your day if you're stupid.All in all, it does what it set out to do."
,Recommended,233130,24807298,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,BuFF,Very good gameplay and awesome graphics !
76561198046342331,Recommended,233130,24798062,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,r4pe_LorD,Caught 2 bunny having sex.Killed both.One bunny became a ♥♥♥♥ing demon that is harder than a boss.10/10
,Recommended,233130,24819736,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Nomadic_Panic,"OMG BRUH!!! I had so much fun playing this! Like guns, swords, demon powers, OH MY! You have no idea what your missing out on when looking this gem over. Prob the best remake ive ever played. 5/5 a deff must buy for the game pile"
76561198311950400,Recommended,233130,24751904,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,KILLSWITCH1275,"i need some help with this game for some reason whenever i even start the game or enter a  cutseen the game will have a auidio glitch and then it will freeze and make me restart my pc or if im playing and killing pepole the same thing will happen,an audio glitch then an freeze.Those anyone now how to fix this because i got a decent pc that should be able to run this game."
76561198042317740,Recommended,233130,24753092,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,DavidMarle,"Very funny, lots of gore, lots of weapons! If you like first person shooters you'll like this one for sure!"
76561197984268055,Recommended,233130,24772542,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Diabloladiesman,"If its on sale, theres no excuse.  BUY IT"
76561198062708276,Recommended,233130,24773404,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,carbastard,"First, the bad: the game severly lacks a map function and the scenarios are very poorly designed, forcing you to backtrack a lot. It can be really annoying sometimes.Now, the good. The game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. Top-notch, Grade A, Blue Ribbon old-school mass killing. Shooting, slicing, dicing and blowing up stuff in showers of blood...AHHHH GOD YES, I MISSED A PROPER GAME LIKE THIS! Not too complicated, not too easy, great graphics and a lovely, convincing sound of blood spurting out of demons' necks, fourth-wall breaking humour, funny as ♥♥♥♥ fortune cookies...YES! YES YES YES! BUY THIS GAME NOW! NOW I TELL YOU!"
,Recommended,233130,24784024,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Tracer,"Excellent game! Really enjoyed it! Good humor, deep story and many hours gameplay. Some levels are over 45 mins long. For me it took about 9 hours to finish it."
76561197974411204,Recommended,233130,24842192,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Mayor McCheese,"This game is super violent, vulgar and gory. Just what I was looking for! It's linear as well, so it's one of those games where you can shut your brain off while you play.PROS:- Hilarious dialogue between characters throughout the game- Great graphics- Death physics are awesome and never get old- Point system that allows you to upgrade skills, powers and weapons- Decent storyline (the main focus, really, is just to destory tons of demons)CONS: (I can barely even call them cons because this game is just so much fun)- Somewhat limited amount of demons to fight against. From start to finish, you will battle the same ones, but killing them never gets old- No mini-map. There were a few times where I couldn't figure out which way to go. Then again, it follows the old-style of FPS games, so they might've been keeping it true in that sense. TIP: follow the doors that are blinking yellow to progress through each chapterOverall, this is one hell of a game, and I highly suggest playing it! I believe it goes on sale fairly regularly, so when it does, this is a must buy."
76561198135895665,Recommended,233130,24827783,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,saddness,Fun. Ironic. Pointless Violence.Ill take that sh*t boi
,Recommended,233130,24839671,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,N4KON,"FPS as First-person shooter? NOPE!FPS as First-person sword? F♥♥♥ING YES!""6 guns in gameplay, But only using a sword to play."""
,Recommended,233130,25030459,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,.hazu,"5 min controlling the character, dismembered whoever i see.Epic Gore !11/10 would spam my left click again"
76561198074250301,Recommended,233130,25030869,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Qu1kSimix,a freaking masterpiece! can't wait for shadow warrior 2
,Recommended,233130,25020813,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,FourFoxJoe,"If you like shooters this is a good one.It is filled with cheesy jokes and still the story is something you can get into.The gameplay is very fun and it you will soon use all your weapons instead of just using one overpowered weapon.Since it has been out for a while - wait for a sale, get it and enjoy it.It is as much fun as the latest Doom is."
,Recommended,233130,25064464,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Baerthe,"Long ago a game came around called ""Doom"", and the gods were pleased.Then this came about and the gods cried in joy.Seriously, this is like the new Doom on steriods.I first played this game to this song:""Katana (Spag Heddy Remix) by Datsik featuring Mayor ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥""and I got to say, it sums of this game perfectly. Good conincidence on my part i guess."
,Recommended,233130,24941342,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Maverix,Hardest Hidden Secret Ever~
,Recommended,233130,25038572,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,KZNE,"An excelent game for those who like old school shotters, and can handel some of negatives listed bellowPros:- A suprisingly well made and satisfying melee system.- New game plus, for those who are into that.- A story that stupid, yet good and clever.- Penty of well hiden secrets (Seriously, i typicly only find 1/3 of the secrets.... and that's trying my absolute best to find them)- Great boss fights.- Alot of great weapons...Cons:- ...but you will typicly only use 4 or 5 of them.- Graphics does look quite dated.- Can easely become a big and unmanagebel cluster♥♥♥♥ later in the game.8/10Also... Shadow warior 2 is coming out soon-ish.... can't wait!!"
,Recommended,233130,24987115,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,how do you sleep?,"Shadow Warrior is a special kind of game, with an interesting plot, stunning visuals and scenery, hilarious dialogue, memorable characters, and some intense gunplay/swordplay. Totally worth getting for the full price, but if you get a chance to get it on sale its a mega deal. Recommended on Hard or Intense.Wang/10"
,Not Recommended,233130,13211952,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,A very hot piece of Kek™,"THIS GAME'S SHOTGUN IS SO ♥♥♥♥ING USELESS THAT IT TRIGGERS ME.HOLY ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥ YOU HADONE JOB, ON A GUN THAT WAS SUPPOSED TO DO 1 THING AND YOU ♥♥♥♥ED IT UP.JESUS♥♥♥♥INGCHRISTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHH"
76561198020614209,Recommended,233130,25011238,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,(H-O-H),"Fun, good paced and decent story telling. The katana skills make the game even more interesting. Loved the Ogi (I think this is the name of the friendly demon) acting and voice acting in general. The skills and powers upgrade tree was not really clear at the beginning. And the art in the cut scenes is interesting, if you dig that stuff.Best quote: ""Killing demons easy, giving a f*** hard."" read this with an Asian accent."
,Recommended,233130,20410770,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,TetrahedronJBooF,"This game has cute bunnies... well, it seems that way, until you decide to slaughter the bunny and it turns into a demon bunny and heavy metal starts blasting.12/10 would bang my head to demon bunny again"
76561198008838658,Recommended,233130,24964302,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Wolfsnake07,"when i first played this game i thought it will be an ordinary shooter but no its more than that,shadow warrior has something that recent games dont have and thats the feeling,it feels very nice everything fits perfectly the music,combat the story is amazing and something special,the ending is a masterpiece.the graphics for the time are really good and the blood and gore also the enviroment is very beautifull and its a big game.shadow warrior is a masterpiece game at a cheap price"
,Recommended,233130,24948067,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,CustomCharacter,"Viceral and mostly fun combat with a number of callbacks to those who played the original. However, higher difficulties don't do anything special other than increase enemy damage and health, meaning the highest difficulties lose that viceral feeling in combat, replacing it with high-risk, bullet-sponge hell. Special shoutouts to Berserkers, who are probably the only poorly-designed enemy in the game, but they're so bad they sucked the fun out of it for me completely.tl;dr Fun, high-velocity viceral action game as long as you play on lower difficulties."
,Recommended,233130,24923352,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,=R.R.G.S= Omen,"I went to hell, killed satan, and came back stronger.10/10 :)"
76561197992574468,Recommended,233130,17596170,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,SLAVomir Peszko,"Katana, guns, superpowers, loads of easter eggs! 10/10 And combat is just pure fun!"
,Recommended,233130,24945622,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Cr1$py M0th3rfuck3r,Starts off with The Touch playing in the background 10/10 game
,Recommended,233130,24939021,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,m0s,"Fun, innovative, brutal, gory... What else do you need? Buy it!"
,Recommended,233130,22647237,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Nzgrim,Great first person action game with focus both on sword and gunplay. A lot of exploration is involved.
76561198127109863,Recommended,233130,22644687,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,lyuval48,good game
76561198104507958,Recommended,233130,22543270,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Jay,"Wow great movie, I am going to see it!"
76561198147247958,Recommended,233130,12956816,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,nimaisam,"Blood, Katana and Demons. Very good and bloody action game."
76561198020572398,Recommended,233130,10875282,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,MR LEGO,"ive only played a little bit of it, and what i've experienced is so much fun. i love the callback to older games, and how it just feels like playing one from back in the day. Includes changing your crosshair types and quicksaving, and even the little things like hitting reload on weapons (when clip is full) will just do some sort of taunt badassery animation (like wiping blood off a sword, or spinning your gun around) other things to look out for, when you chop people in half, (which is very fun btw) guts will splatter on the walls, and then drip and slide down in globs.like i said, its all the small stuff that really holds it together, and its just so comically and brilliantly laid out in such a campy way, they really make it a lot of fun to just sit down and kill bad guys."
76561198041906216,Recommended,233130,8504074,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Chai Yee Fungooo,Buy this game when it is 10 dollars. Gameplay is fun.Characters are funny. Sword play and gun play is fun. This game is good
76561198083161557,Recommended,233130,10946428,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,HansTheDestroyer,"This game isn't what I expected it to be at all. Right from the beginning you can tell that it doesnt take itself too seriously, which is a huge plus for me. The perk system seems really well done, letting you choose your play style and the swordplay is really satisfying. The easter eggs are also a really cool aspect of the game, I almost had a heart attack after I attacked the wrong rabbit(you'll find out). This is definitely one of the best games I've played in a while. 9/10"
,Recommended,233130,10927560,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Roamin,"This game is a wonderful retro-style monster arena game with amazing sword combat. If you happen to find this game on sale and its nature doesn't offend you, I would pick it up since it appears to be an underrated gem. Be sure to check out the ""Wangtastic Features"" trailer for the game to get a taste of what you're in for."
,Recommended,233130,10928267,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ProjektOkami,very funny game love it
76561198000714476,Recommended,233130,10690125,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Raptor,Awesome game despite the (VERY) slow start to the campaign.  The real gems aren't found until later when more of the story is revealed and you've upgraded your melee skills to perform some pretty bad♥♥♥♥♥techniques.  Definitely recommend to any one.
76561197971591466,Recommended,233130,10779985,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Funkmeister,The only way to improve explosive dismemberment is to sprinkle it with sarcastic racism.  10/10 - would defile corpses again.
,Recommended,233130,10780788,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,MrMellao,Bem legal... nunca joguei 1 jogo em primeira pessoa q a espada fosse a melhor arma e mais divertida.
,Recommended,233130,10780349,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Juicer Juicington,I had never played the 1997 shadow warrior but after playing this it makes me want to.
,Recommended,233130,13279094,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Namtubb,I bought this on sale for $4 and now I feel bad I only spent $4 on it.
,Recommended,233130,13279487,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,mlow44,"Compelling mystery on my first time through, solid humor all throughout, with some lines meaning more than what is apparent the first time through... kind of hit-and-miss upgrades where you can either turn out utterly invincible or supremely vulnerable your first time through when you don't know which options apply to your particular style of play... I'm really surprised I didn't find all the secrets my first time through, though I understand why they might make some secrets. As a general statement: don't depend on  what you learn during your first playthrough. Beating the first couple of difficulty settings is child's play. The true value lies within replay and mastery."
,Recommended,233130,13258940,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,W. Geese,"Criminally overlooked game. Do you like fun gunplay? Fun swordplay? Gratuitous violence? Gratuitous dumb jokes? This game has all that and then some, it is a deep yet over the top single player FPS campaign and one of the best of its kind ever made. GOTY 2013."
,Recommended,233130,13261311,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Siv,"A balls-to-the-wall throwback to a long forgotten era where FPS games were actually good. And fun.Plus, it's nothing like the waste that gets evacuated from the bowels of triple-a developers these days."
,Recommended,233130,13275247,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,GrimDark,"While pretty it suffers from a lack of variety in hostile forces. And the levels - while pretty are just SO. LONG. Really drags itself after 1/3 mark. But again, it looks pretty and sounds more than fine. Just don't expect doing anything than holding ""fire"" button. Simple shoot them up game.If you are a fan of near endless enemy hordes and guns akimbo in your hands - this game if for you."
76561198006358186,Recommended,233130,13276616,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Cyberpunk RoofPsycho,Excellent combatNo weapon outlives it's usefulnessCan become Katana surgeonAwesome one linersI'd give it an 8 on the Wang-o meter.
,Recommended,233130,13210443,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,LastGod,"Could use some more polish on the technical-gameplay side of things (Katana sometimes refuses to hit things that are right up in my face, weird collision boundries on some enemies, dashing down steppes can get you insta-killed for no reason, Sprint doesnt actualy sprint... You move at the same speed while walking as well as while sprinting), but thoseareignorable... and if you do you'll be in for a treat.The game is full of tons of action and altho there is 1 enemy that is a bother to fight (towards the end of the game), you'll find most of them to be entertaining and enjoyable to slash apart, fill them with bullets, implate them on arrows, turn them into mush with the 4barrel shotty, torch them OR just blow everything up with the good old rocket launcher.The ability to upgrade weapons and 2 different types of abilities gives enough room for you to approach the game/challenges in your own way, altho I found myself mainly using heal and shield.Will not comment much on the humor in the game, cuz humor is highly subjective, but the I will note the presence of cheezy one-liners and I did find the back and forth between the MC and the companion to be worth a chuckle at the least.Oh and the levels are quite linear, but, personally, I didnt mind all that much because I wall too busy slicing and dicing demon ... butts... to really have enough time to care about that.Well, that's all, hope you found it helpful, cheers."
76561198026741069,Recommended,233130,13212417,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Blitz,"This game has excellent action, great humor and a great story. 10/10 with a nice 10 hrs of story."
,Recommended,233130,13233518,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,KuroNin,"Totally not what I expected. At first I was like, ""Meh, this is not too bad. Good shoot 'em up, slice 'em up style fps."" Then suddenly, I started feeling... things. I started liking Hoji. And at the end, I can say ""Its still a better love story than Twilight."""
,Recommended,233130,13193888,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Jack Baker,"Shadow Warrior is a must buy for anyone who likes FPS games in the slightestStory: You play as Lo Wang, who comes off as a bit of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but is incredibly entertaining and has a lot of great one liners. Throughout most of the game, you are accompanied by an entertaining, wisecracking demon sidekick named Hoji. The plot revolves around a demonic invasion occuring as you attempt to track down 3 parts to a legendary sword known as the ""Nobitsura Kage"". There is a lot of offbeat humor, but nothing is ever gross-out like Duke Nukem Forever. On top of it, the game dips into some pretty heavy story elements, especially near the ending. I don't want to spoil anything, but there is a good but not great story in this game, which is surprising considering the hack and slash gameplay.Controls: You can play with a gamepad, but I got through just fine with K+M. Performing special moves involves tapping a movement key twice and then one of the mouse buttons, which may feel wonky for some people at first. However, the controls are great overall, and chaining abilities was totally natural for me. There is a ""dash"" mechanic that allows you to slide around like a mech in Titanfall or in COD: AW. The dash mechanic is great and makes the combat feel fast and fluid. However, be careful not to dash down stairs, or you may dash into midair and then fall 20 feet to a painful landing.Gameplay: The best part of the game. The game borrows many elements from older FPS games, such as non-regenerating health (although you unlock a skill that allows manual regeneration early on) and no limits on carried weapons. There are a lot of weapons that you will remember from typical FPS games, like an SMG, a  shotgun, a crossbrow, a rocket launcher, and others. You can buy some cool upgrades for them such as dual-wielding SMG and explosive crossbow bolts. However, my favorite weapon in the game is the Katana. It is extremely fun and effective, allowing you to slice through demons with ease. You can perform a bunch of cool manuevers with it, such as launch a slicing projectile through the air, deliver a powerful blow which regenerates your health, or spin around and lop the heads off of everyone around you. There are 3 main upgrade systems in the game: one for weapons, one for passive improvements, and one for powerful magic abilities. The upgrade trees are fairly small but a nice feature, giving you a good sense of progression. One of the problems with the gameplay is how repetitive it can be at times. Many combat sections can feel tedious, especially when flying enemies are introduced. However, this is still a very fun game that you should see through to the end.There is decent enemy variety, but one of the enemy types can be very annoying. He has a ridiculous amount of health and only one weak point, on his back. Fights against him aren't very fun, which is unfortunate as he is fought frequently near the end of the game. There are 3 boss fights, all of which are quite fun, as you are up against a much larger enemy, making you feel all the more powerful when you bring them down. The final boss was a bit of a letdown, but it's good to see a game with proper, epic boss battles.Graphics: Textures can look a little rough, but most of the environments, especially early game ones, are great. Beautiful Japanese gardens, a bamboo forest, and a mountaintop castle bathed in red sunset are particular highlights. However, for a good portion of the game you are traversing through docks and the corridor of a ship in some cramped, ugly environments. If only they could be as beautiful as the rest of the game.Length: It took me 10 hours to beat this game on normal difficulty setting. It should take the average gameer 12-15 hours to beat this game on normal, not counting new game + or harder difficulty settings. Overall a great length for a fairly cheap game.Overall, Shadow Warrior is a must buy. There are some rough edges, but the product overall is of amazing quality. Anyone who likes FPS games should get this game, now. Don't wait."
76561197962756017,Recommended,233130,13197605,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,PaladinVII,"I'd give it a 8.5 / 10.Pros :+ Funny+ Pays homage to the origional Shadow Warrior+ Best swordplay in a FPS+ Great action+ A decent story+ Lots of cool upgrades+ Amazing scenery+ I don't remember any instance of a bug or crash+ You feel like a badass ninja!So-So :+/- Fun and challenging enemies, but low enemy varity+/- Interesting guns, but little reason to use anything but the sword.Cons :- Two of the upgrades are almost identical. (WW and SS magic)  Some are arguably useless (Luck).- No multiplayer- Low replay value- On-rails gameplay that somehow left me lost and looking for the right direction many times- Short (Completed in 10-11 hours)Tip : Turn off sticky-keys in windows; you will be pressing dash a lot."
76561198079655272,Recommended,233130,13199790,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Harold,"A gory, funny, demon slicing FPS. Things simply come apart. Would recommend."
,Recommended,233130,19633665,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,yaya14,"I just beat the game, and I found it awesome!!! Amazing graphics, very good story, a lot of gameplay hours, good humor, nice characters, smooth combat style...can't wait for Shadow warrior 2!!!!p.s. 1 you don't mess with the bunny :Pp.s. 2 Hoji we want you backhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mB6L19G4Gw&list=PLUB0wzpkprFS0GnWKAQT4l-2HKgbNxiBH"
,Recommended,233130,19741879,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Creature,"This is one of the best games I've bought in a long time.  It has blood, guts, Demons, fire power, majic powers, weapon upgrades, skill upgrades, great story, hidden stuff, and plenty of jokes in light of your name ""Wang"". Each level looks as detailed as the last with more than enough environmental changes to keep the slaughter entertaining. I took and chance and bought this game on sale, but it is well worth full price. Looking forward to ""Shadow Warrior 2"" with 4 player co-op release in 2016."
76561198131265983,Recommended,233130,19679686,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Cappy,"This game is amazing! A throwback old school doom like games. Lots of enemies, over the top guns and explosions. Just all around a good time!"
,Recommended,233130,19676053,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Lightnote,I got this in the steam sales at £3.99 this was a steal. Great game can't wait for the next.It's so satisfying slicing though a bunch of demons.
,Recommended,233130,19668481,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Ewiger Hass,"This game surprised me. I expected something good, i got something better. That sums pretty much my reaction to the awesome plot, story and beautiful ending. I wasnt so pumped up about this game on the first few chapters, but when i noticed i was playing it non-stop. Buy it. For real."
,Recommended,233130,19669788,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,BreakdancingforGod,"Flying Wild Hog has done it again. Humor, blood, guts, secrets, epic boss battles, upgradeable weapons/skills/powers, and good graphics (in my opinion)! How much better can it get? This game is worth every penny. If you haven't also played Hard Reset, go check it out! Highly recommended. :)"
,Recommended,233130,19658264,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,cxlxrblind,"Fun game. Nice use of varied weapons and enemies. Plays straight through. It was a bit easy though, I only died about 6 or 7 times. They give you lots of ammo and health. Excellent graphics and atmospheres, I loved all the use of colors and lighting in it. Keep an eye out for money when you play. I missed a lot of pick-ups. I'd find them when the game makes you double back (unlock a door, etc). But it was a pretty good game. Didn't know what to expect going in, but I'm pleased!"
,Recommended,233130,19712529,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Kim Possible,One of the best reboots you'll play along with Wolfenstein The New Order.
,Recommended,233130,19685885,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,spaneika,These guys need to hurry up and do a remake of Blood.  5/5 wangs.
,Recommended,233130,13186853,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Ostrich,"Nice game to play but getting repetitive after a few hours. Nice to fight with the sword, but I dont think it's worth playing more than once"
,Recommended,233130,19696572,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Acyka,"Well.. I bought this on sale having heard few things about it. And turned out it was a lot of fun.You go through several linear areas, fighting monsters, people, and monster people. You do this with your sword or several guns. (don't use a gun you pansy)But what really sold it for me was the humorous dialog. It's kinda cheesy at times, but it's well delivered and not forced. And you can find fortune cookies all over the place that had me choking on laughter. It's also surprisingly long. And doesn't get old fast. Ot switches up the pace very well to keep the easily 20+ hour main story fresh. It looks very good too. With all the monster guts everywhere in the Japanese scenery. Movement feels very fluid. Makes using the sword only very rewarding. Some cons would be that the upgrade systems for your abilities is kind of wonky. Where some skills are pointless compared to one that is game changing.This game is definitely a must play"
76561198091961482,Recommended,233130,19756988,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Velo,"Let me get this out real clear now. This game is great, it lives up to the old Shadow Warrior of '97, and it does a damn good job of keeping up to it. Cheesy puns, jokes that are so dumb it makes you smile, and the occasional bunnysex. Not to forget the next gen gore, which just makes you feel so powerful when you destroy hordes of demons.Apologies if I come out the wrong way, but there is one thing that kinda irks me. It's the notion of constantly getting swarmed by demons and fighting your way to advance. Don't get me wrong, its a great mechanic, but I feel it's a tad overused. Still, I do enjoy killing hordes, so all good.Lo Wang as a character is in my opinion better than Duke Nukem and Serious Sam (though I never fully gave either of those games a chance, so I may change my mind later on). He's a killing machine, pretty much like any other 3D Realms character. His puns are cheesy but effective, and he drives one of my favorite cars of all time (that being the Datsun 240z).1 more thing. Fortune cookies. They are bound to make you smile.Is it worth $39.99? In my opinion, no. Whenever it's on sale, get it then.Great game and I reccomend it to all. Don't forget to play the 1997 version as well!"
,Recommended,233130,19736919,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,StinkJandals,Time for Wang to make a bang!
,Recommended,233130,27530025,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,aenZed,"Absolute cluster♥♥♥♥ of gore, magic and tongue-in-cheek references to pop culture."
,Recommended,233130,27502228,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Erectile Dysfunction,"This is a worthy sequel to its fun and irreverent 90s origin.  Lo Wang continues to be a smartass demon-murdering machine, but the overall tone is somehow more mature.  The gameplay is fast-paced and fun with epic boss fights, and the story is surprisingly engaging and soulful.  (The sequel should have taken notes on the latter point.)"
,Recommended,233130,27481690,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Paskalapio,One of the best fast paced FPS games ever. some parts have poor optimization though.
76561198007797329,Recommended,233130,27498787,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Master Pixel,"Great game, with great and seriously funny dialogues"
76561198119198058,Recommended,233130,27132133,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KNOWLEDGE,This game taught me you have to go bald to be a hero
,Recommended,233130,27131415,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheWateringWizard,"Burning, shooting, exploding, decapitating demons as never been more fun, you definitely need some Wang in your life !"
76561197994594201,Recommended,233130,27120191,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NonServiam,"One of the greatest action games ever made, with a surprisingly decent plot.Don't hesitate to get a hold of some Wang."
,Recommended,233130,27115824,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr. Insane,"Whether it be a bit of Hack n' Slash, or just a bit of Shoot Em Up. You can never get enough Wang for your buck"
,Recommended,233130,27203828,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gorb N' Denn,Plenty of blood and guts for those that wish to see it on a massive scale
76561198127329144,Recommended,233130,27247996,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,✪•●MihaI●•✪,Best Games
76561198009343667,Recommended,233130,27272713,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sniper-Joe,"Considering this game's source material, this game has no right to be this good.If you have not played it, you should. Only real complaints are: the feeling that at some points in the game it feels like you are walking from fight arena to fight arena, and that some of the weapons are kind of under powered, though I didn’t play it on normal, so that may have just been higher enemy balancing on the second one."
76561198078823005,Recommended,233130,27341713,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Luke Wolf,"Serious Sam with swords,♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes, upgrades, and a plot10/10"
,Recommended,233130,27309737,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ransom722,Old school humor and action
,Recommended,233130,27335532,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SlowWalker,"If you want more games like Doom, buy this. Also if you like slicing demons in pieces and saying things about their mother then again, buy this."
,Recommended,233130,27344260,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,co3mo,a good remake or a classic.. but I just cant pass a room full of two brutes...dont kill too much bunnies or the will Monty Python you...
,Recommended,233130,27287315,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Trick,Just great FUN.
,Recommended,233130,27324689,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nr.6Ø9,When all you want is just to shred people...
,Recommended,233130,26914596,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Человек Простой,"Best remake of old school FPS game. Cut the limbs off your enemies, shoot giant ancient gods, wonder 2D anime girls, kill the f*cking rabbits on your way. And this is all along with your little sh*ttalking friend Hoji.10 fortune cookies out of 10."
76561198017913063,Recommended,233130,8710857,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,stalkergt,Shadow Warrior is a great game  cool sword play  and nice bad guys :)
76561198095654110,Recommended,233130,31308950,Posted: 22 April,all,Evil.slug,"Shadow Warrior is a great game when it is most self conscious, but can get dull in certain sections.Swordplay is brutal and rewarding, but not dynamic enough to be excellent. The firearms are also well done and the entire game looks beautiful in Unreal Engine. As formerly mentioned some areas are monotonous and repetitive, but other parts of the game makes up for it and the quirky dialogue alone makes the game worth playing."
76561198272081313,Recommended,233130,24098125,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Warmonk xD,"Great game, I had many hours of fun with this and I plan to play it again soon. 09/10!!When I started playing I had the feeling for a few minutes that the story would be generic and boring but it soon turned to be a great story and it gets better as the 'plot' goes on.+ Combat feels really nice, both melee or blazing guns style+ Large but easy to learn talent/skills system+ Nice graphics+ Really nice story+ Really good VA+ Excelent single player experience"
76561198049081786,Recommended,233130,27677490,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TijalaKnighT,Playing the game felt like I was James Hong wielding a katana slicing up demon ninjas in a Japanese gangster movie. Definitely worth it. One of the best FPS games I've played so far.
76561197976715248,Recommended,233130,31340060,Posted: 24 April,all,Herlock Sholmes,"I thought this is a mindles shooter, turns out the game is so good and the story is not bad. Very likable protagonist too. Get this game."
,Recommended,233130,232176,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,WhereIsMyExitButton,"""Who wants some Wang?"""
76561198249725566,Recommended,233130,31212438,Posted: 17 April,all,knightynight,Extremely fun to play through. Great story and funny dialogue. Gameplay is fun and it's challenging at times. I'm restarting right now to play through again.
76561198181839243,Recommended,233130,31349209,Posted: 24 April,all,PK2n,Very good game. Nice melee combat. Atleast there's sword that's not blunt. And linux port is nice. I'll buy Shadow Warrior 2 if they port it to linux.
76561198103658866,Recommended,233130,31355161,Posted: 25 April,all,Disproportionate Retribution,"This is only a partial review as I am only a small way in and will update apon completion.So far I can say that it is a good looking, humorous, gory way to pass time, blow off steam or have fun with mates. Interesting concept and exceptional execution. Interesting and not complicated skill ""Trees"" (I put trees in quotations because to call them trees would be missleading) because this game is about action, not carefully planning out how to spend future points.There are only two problems i have encountered. The first is occasionally entertaining but may get tiresome if I can't adjust, this problem being killing myself when sprinting down stairs. to explain, when you sprint press and hold shift+W which also makes you lunch forward so when I go to sprint places I occasionally sprint off of some stairs and the fall damage kills me.The other bigger problem is cars, firework trolleys and vending machines. They explode. you hit them once and use dodge to get out of the way and they blow up, damaging enemies nearby. Handy right? um not so much. When you are in the thick of a fight you will be swinging your sword around like a madman or firing your guns as quickly as possible without regard for what is around you (this is how to game mechanics and pace encourage you to play). This is great fun until a stray bullet or swing hits a car and over the music and enemies the warning sound is completely blocked out and then you get blown to pieces but a car.  Not fun. Not game breaking, but annoying af especially when you aren't a ♥♥♥♥♥ and play it on hard/ insane."
76561198328683618,Recommended,233130,32720707,Posted: 24 June,all,kazma,棒棒棒棒
,Recommended,233130,12827381,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,ღ✿Wee^B♥♥,"So much action, fun, blood and violence in one game. Throw a shuriken to a scooter=BOOM! Slay demons with katana or shoot them with guns! Many upgrades and abilities to unlock. 8,5/10"
,Recommended,233130,17772734,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,FALLENV3GAS,"FALLENV3GAS Reviews Shadow Warrior | ""You want to watch Wang wash wang?""12.1Hours to Complete►TL;DR♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING. Any intro that plays to ""You got the touch"" is a gem in my books. After that and the cutscene building it up I withdrew my sword then started bringing my sword through a man’s chest and then slicing his head in mid-air was amazing and never ever felt so right. In short it’s like a game adaptation of kill bill. Beautiful graphics, satisfying combat and great immature protagonist.In depth...►[Performance]Good. Even with all the enemies on screen and explosions going off I never dipped. I did get one crash on a boss fight which is a mild annoyance. Other than that its solid.►[Graphics]Textures in places are weak even on ultra. However the landscapes, effects and basically everything makes up for it. The game looks good if that’s in Japan with cherry blossoms littering the garden, in a mutant testing facility or in the demon realm. Enemy design too which just makes each demon have their own personality and look than be a carbon copy of one another.►[Gameplay]Best swordplay of any game. Period. Customization is high with all the upgrades, powers and equipment you can personalise how you to dismember demons. Missions are linear but have a few paths to find loot and collectibles. AI - Like dodge ball the AI dodges, ducks, dips, dives and lunges for you. The demons that is. The humans can be dumb though if caught off guard can end you fast.The enemy design in general for the demons is solid. Not from just gameplay mechanics but also cosmetically. Each demons looks different from each other but also acts different. The mage/medic demon usually stays at the back of the pack to heal his demon friends while they all fall in. You have to think on the move on which enemy you have to target first. It’s good. On human design however it is barebones. It needed to be more amped as well as more scenarios to actually fight them. More weapons as well, though the existing ones each have their own use they still need just a few more.However story was not exactly explained to the best degree however it’s deep and leaves a lot for a sequel but without feeling sequel bait. Hard thing to do and it earns points for that.►[Replayability]It has a lengthy campaign which did not feel too long nor too short. It has a surprisingly good horde mode. Aside from replaying campaign again to experience the “Wang” again or for collectibles it has enough content for the price.►[Conclusion]I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. The combat is one of the best out there. Story and graphics lack in places but overall and good enough. For the swordplay alone it’s worth it. For the customization, beautiful landscapes and compelling, cynical and immature but ♥♥♥♥ing hilarious protagonist it’s even better purchase.If you liked this review or want to see more recommended games, be sure to follow mycuratorgrouphttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/FALLENV3GAS#curationhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/233130/"
76561198006849221,Recommended,233130,32751993,Posted: 24 June,all,rjazz2,This needs to be a movie but knowing Hollywood they would probably cast Tom Cruise in the role.
76561198253708532,Recommended,233130,32783830,Posted: 25 June,all,m3rkmoosetits,"Okay, I like this game but it's really ♥♥♥♥ing easy.That's the problemWell the dialogue and so can be a little what imo sometimes"
,Recommended,233130,32914388,Posted: 27 June,all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,Nice Game! and you have to buy Shadow Warrior 1 & 2!!!
,Recommended,233130,13272435,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Tulike,An excelent homage to old school shooters with a fun tacke on melee combat. Good graphics and great gameplay.
76561198040298199,Recommended,233130,32651839,Posted: 22 June,all,Theodamus,Great game with fluid satisfying combat and surprisingly emotional story.
76561198042058547,Recommended,233130,31478001,Posted: 30 April,all,Vermin Supreme,"This game leaves no holes barred. A great old school styled shooter. More Wang than you can handle!Funny writing, lots of secrets to discover, great gunplay, weapon upgrades and magical powers, great swordplay and fornicating demon bunnies.oh and the one liners man.. totally worth a buy even when its not on sale."
76561198148200783,Recommended,233130,32752942,Posted: 24 June,all,UR A FGT HARRY,One of my favourite games
,Recommended,233130,32712665,Posted: 23 June,all,CYBORG RANGER,Really enjoy this game more then iam enjoying the second one. The bosses feel a little easy as in place to shoot and do that over and over with each boss but i still enjoyed this game alot thinking about going through this game on the hardest difficulty. Besides that i would reccomend picking up this game worth the money and why not its on sale get all of them right now for a cheap price. Would reccomend to anyone thats all. The story felt weird for some reason i dont know if it was me but i was having trouble following the whispers and who they where and all around why. BEsides that just buy the game and stop reading this half $$$ review
,Recommended,233130,22835778,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Trauma,It's one of those old school shooters. Great art style and good swordplay.Only criticism I have is the boring linear levels.
76561198003577432,Recommended,233130,26798617,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Eiskalt,"Steam awards Whoooaaaaaaa, dude! nominated-by-myself game. Because whoooaaaaaaa, dude!"
,Recommended,233130,26819464,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,prnvsujay,FPS with immersive graphics. But boring gameplay
,Recommended,233130,27006388,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,shankly1985,"One of the best FPS games to date, over the top action."
,Recommended,233130,27007388,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Telixion,Lo Wang at its finest
76561198120035321,Recommended,233130,26797290,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,"two eggs, over easy","One of the best FPS I've played and really captures the spirit of the 90s classics. Also improves on Hard Reset's mechanics in every way, so if you liked that one, you'll love this."
76561198078027032,Recommended,233130,19293924,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,I'm Inbetween Those Lines,"Great game, the sword fighting felt good and I was always looking for more oppurtunities to use it over the guns.Story is silly and over the top but in a good way. Definitely worth a purchase."
,Recommended,233130,26775168,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Frag-ile,This is one of the best first person mayhem shooters I've ever played. It still stands as my favourite to this day. This review is quickly and lazily done because steam sale shenanigans.
,Recommended,233130,27084822,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kylavx,"I completely love this game!  From the immature humor to the engaging combat, Shadow Warrior is a must play for anyone looking to have an action packed great time."
,Recommended,233130,27061977,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Flippy,I bought this game because the gameplay looked fricking awesome and it was fricking awesome. Not only was the gameplay fricking awesome but it had a very good story too. The graphics are as good as 2013 can get and well I had fun slicing things with a katana. This game has so many great things in it I would 100% recommend this to basically anyone. The  only thing is that there was a part where you had to do some parkour and this game was definitely not meant to have parkour scenes. I died about 50 times trying to jump from one snow ledge to another. Overall a good 10 out of 5.
76561197962095007,Recommended,233130,27862706,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MrStinky,Slice'em and Dice'em. Whats not to enjoy!
76561198016779847,Recommended,233130,27610721,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Johnny B. Goode,Cried like a b*tch when story ends(
76561197978979661,Recommended,233130,27595844,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,blncd4lean,"Game got a ton of good reviews and after playing it, I can see why. 9/10Bought first one on sale, will pay full price for second one because the developers deserve it."
,Recommended,233130,27683361,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Brother Sorg,"Shadow Warrior is a bold 2013 reimagining by Flying Wild Hogs of the original 1997 game by 3D Realms.Story:You play as Lo Wang, a Japanese mercenary for hire that is also a comic book nerd. He is sent retrieve a sword for his current employer, Zilla, when things go wrong and demons show up. He soon teams up with a spirit named Hoji as he chases the demons that stole it. As you do, the banter between the two is one of the best i’ve heard but expect a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes, since Lo Wang’s name is one in of itself. The story itself is surprisingly fleshed out, especially when pertaining to the ancients and i was couldn't wait till the next time I learned more about them.Design:The game plays like a fast paced classic shooter rather than go the modern route. There are several weapons, most similar to ones that were in the original, and all are upgradeable in some way. The sword play works surprisingly well in first person, unlike in the original. You also get a few powers to help fend off demons with thanks to Hoji. Enemies types get quite diverse, especially as you get further into the game and the Boss fights were quite fun.Verdict:If you can get by the♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes, the Shadow Warrior Reboot is definitely worth its current full price, and should be a no brainer on a sale."
,Recommended,233130,27625586,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,HPN,Solid gameplay. Unexpected knife in the gut when the plot unfolds. 11/10 will play again with Wang.
,Recommended,233130,27996810,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,henstargamer,"This is the best game I have played for a very long time. I got it with serious sam and hard reset, which were also brilliant. It has the combos and special attacks of a fighting game with the action of an FPS."
76561198057211434,Recommended,233130,27997979,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,darkhelmet,Enter the Wang!!!!
,Recommended,233130,28002860,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Domakk,"Kill things, have fun, make snarky comments and save the world.Ninja Swords included.5/7"
,Recommended,233130,28077115,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SkyboxWriter,"Far, far better than its predeccesor ever was, even by the standards of ""Back in the Day."" A great blend of fast-paced action, semi-epic plot, horror atmosphere with comedy snark, and a great leveling/unlock system. What the original could never be, and what that other notorious Build/3DR legacy game, Duke Nukem Forever, should have been.And fun as hell, too."
,Recommended,233130,28132199,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Quaestionarius,"If you like sticking glass up your exit for views this is the game for you.  On the higher difficulties.  Otherwise, learn how to peek/poke, cheat and have fun.  Many gibs to be had."
76561197995203351,Recommended,233130,28151646,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Darkempp,Got this on sale for 5$.. And what an amazing time .. 5$ well spent !
,Recommended,233130,28098838,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Draiez,"Sliced two bunnies having sex, one of them wen't super sayian and slayed me good. 10/10 would interrupt bunny sex again."
76561198284372327,Recommended,233130,28135741,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,MeCool,You mix Borderlands/Doom/Serious sam add awesome system of damage and ability to tear body parts apart with your katana and get Shadow Warrior. 100 ugly demons out of 10.
76561198289477589,Recommended,233130,28108206,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,goytribe,"I want to write a helpful review but it is Lo ""Mother ♥♥♥♥ing"" Wang. Play it and enjoy your time with this game. Believe it or not, the story is very solid with a few twists."
76561198129970339,Recommended,233130,28101721,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Betzivan,See that enemy? You can breack it to puzzle pieces.
76561198267465470,Recommended,233130,28081654,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Deckins,Beautiful landscapes and smoothless combat.
76561198115716884,Recommended,233130,28026077,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Elig,"This game did just blow my mind with it's intuitive interface, as well as it's jawdropping graphics and gameplay.It was non-stop funny, with plenty of semi-hidden references.The levelling system was appealing and engaging, without going too far to RPG levels.It managed to walk a fine line and pull off an interesting plot at the same time as hearkening to its' Doom-esque origin.Everything about this game is worthy."
76561198148617788,Recommended,233130,28019313,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,doitlooklikeimleftoffbadandbouje,"It's funny as hell straight up! And if you like a good bloodshed, fastpace shooter with pretty nice sword action then this is the game. Matter of fact you can play the PC demo! Should be on top of the right collum. So what are you waiting for? Give it a try yourself for free!"
,Recommended,233130,28020591,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,mr.Catfish,doom with a katana
,Recommended,233130,28058088,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Topple Flopper,"I was a huge fan of the original Shadow Warrior by 3DRealms back in the 90's and I wrote this off assuming it would just be crap. I'm thankful to say I was wrong. It is a great way of modernizing the classic formula. Lots of carnage, secrets and offensive humor. The graphics are also pretty good as well. This game is only outshined by the new sequel."
,Recommended,233130,23158197,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Commando Skills,"a little bit repetitive, but a freaking good game! EPIC"
76561198116715571,Recommended,233130,28070080,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,XaXa Ⓡ VAC ACC,GREATEST STORY EVER but i dont like some of the gliches
76561198034379421,Recommended,233130,27996901,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,bobot,"I loved the classic shadow warior and I love this too. It is now one of my favourites. It si very fast paced and the katana is a delight to use :). At higher difficulties I die a lot, mostly towards the final levels  but I AM NOT FRUSTRATED. Writing this review in chill out pause. Really.. is a kicka ss game. Restarting... goosfraba.....goosfraba"
,Recommended,233130,27998715,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bird Person,One of my all time favorite games. Worth playing regardless whether or not familiar with past shadow warrior games.
,Recommended,233130,28045040,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Wyldfyre,"To be honest the game does not really remind me to much of the first Shadow Warrior of my youth. Its more of a re-imagined version of Lo-Wang. With that said I have to say I DO like this game. It has the same hack/slash beauty from the first game with its own new story and gives our hero some more to him then just a wise cracking asian who loves swords and martial arts. Now he's a wise cracking asian who likes swords and martial arts and comic books, and games, and is a bit of a nerd!  Anyway, i would recommend this game to anyone who loved the original and who just wants some fun story and a good slash gore fest of killing bad guys! Good game! I can't wait to check out the 2nd one."
76561198020710401,Recommended,233130,23324857,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,xChibi,Recommend.
,Recommended,233130,23377068,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,naiv,"I didn't expect that much from this game.If you like action games with katana slashing, mashing, killing, cutting combined with great graphic, challanging levels, awesome humor and not obligatory, but quite good story - this is game for you!The main downsides are that boss fights are repetetive and levels difficulty is increased by amount of enemies. This is not that awkward while you can try some new tactics and some more effective smashing and cutting.11-15 hours of gameplay is absolutely justified. Not too long, not too short. Each chapter lasts between 0.5h and 1.5h what makes Shadow Warrior perfect for short game sessions.8+/10"
,Recommended,233130,23161300,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,vellocitator,great game loads of fun definately one of my best buys.
,Recommended,233130,23161504,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Annapurna,This game lit AF.
76561198090698853,Recommended,233130,23108833,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Dwagin,This game is amazing. Only a few minutes in and I love it! It feels like the original shadow warrior game with HD graphics! Every reboot of old games should follow this game.
76561198089323040,Recommended,233130,23382558,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,mlg_SHREK,meh10/10
76561197967760129,Recommended,233130,290558,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,Taggart,it's wangtastic?
76561198064315327,Recommended,233130,23368546,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,*impact font* My Name Jeff,"If this game comes up on sale I'd definitely pick it up. The humour is incredibly immature, which is honestly refreshing. The shooting is incredibly satisfying, but the katana takes the cake. A good 15+ hours, not including NG+. of silly, gory fun."
,Recommended,233130,23370449,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,sith aesthetic,"Huge customization system for better destruction? Check. Beheading demons? Check. Main character who frequently chimes in with sarcastic quips? Check. This game is just pure fun and pure gore. There's even a storyline, but don't get all muddled up in that. Just kill stuff."
76561198041709149,Recommended,233130,23177192,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Ekubo856,Great game.
,Recommended,233130,23263413,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,beermonkeybob,"This pretty much sums up.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvffwBDN30ISo massively Glitchy, weird play balancing, Magic farts, star system I suspect that it might just be random. But Dismembering  fun, by a character that has name basicly means♥♥♥♥♥♥.. So, post modern?"
76561198058828212,Recommended,233130,23292418,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Valentine,Think if ninja gaiden was first person and directed by Michael Bay.  You can hit a car with your sword and the car explodes.  -10/10
76561198016921636,Recommended,233130,23132346,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Rike,"You got way more options to kill that you can´t use them all each fight. You can shield yourself, heal, stun enemies, lift them in the air or just kill them...well, you can kill them with any of the guns and upgrades and alternate fires (including a Demon head shooting fire), or with the katana skills...and guess what? You have a LOT of it too, you can even combo the stun or levitate with your other skills. Awesome game with a good story and comic characters...and guns...lots of it."
76561198006562154,Recommended,233130,23130757,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,space,"Fun, Fast, Modern Take on a old Classic. Lots of pretty places to shoot in."
,Recommended,233130,22965737,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,雪村村长IGNI,爽
76561198049494160,Recommended,233130,23299699,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Vaslov,Old school fps shoot em up.  Sword play and power ups are pretty interesting.  Vary up what weapons you use to keep it interesting.  The story is a side show unti lthe very end.
,Recommended,233130,23303279,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,栄美,>kill bunny>burn turns into demon>heavy metal music plays10/10 would kill every rabbit i see again
,Recommended,233130,23302386,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Ali Kharazi,"A great arcade-style first person shooter. Slash and shoot through demons, upgrade your weapons, and read fortune cookies, and listen to Lo Wang make puns about his name. All in all great action, great comedy, good graphics, and a decent storyline too. It can be a bit repetitive for the first half of the game since there aren’t that many different enemy types, but you encounter new enemies along the way."
,Recommended,233130,23279205,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,evenquote,Awesome
,Recommended,233130,23258360,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,KimiHendrix,Kill Bill
76561198039678261,Recommended,233130,22060446,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,☭ⓎⒶⓀⒶⒷⓘⓉⓄ べ•_•ิべべべ~,Story is awsome
,Recommended,233130,22038134,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,TangoRango,"A game I bought with few expectations, and now one of my favorite FPS experiences of all times.Shadow Warrior is an old school FPS which, in my opinion, manages to get it all right.The visuals are nice, with large levels filled with secrets, which environments varying from regular street, through mountains and ships, all the way to the shadow realm. Exploring the levels is fun and rewarding, and the 17 chapters offer a suprising amount of content considering modern FPS standards. The blood effects are also great, which is important because you will spend the game chopping off limbs and sinking tons of bullets into demonic flesh.Which leads me to the action. Which is bloody (pun intended) amazing! Both the guns and the katana feel amazing, comlimenting each other, and with the addition of a small pool of magic spells and weapon skills, the combat offers a lot of variety. The game even encourages you to fight with a vide variety of moves by granting you additional, bonus upgrade points at the end of a fight based on how creative and fast you were. Enemy variety is ok, with only a few types being really annoying.What surprised me the most was actually the story, which unfolds in two separate storylines. The main one is of Lo Wang and his quest to piece together the Nobitsura Kage and prevent the Shadow Realms from being destroyed, and the other, revealed through flashbacks each time you defeat a boss, reveals a rather tragic, and towards the end, surprisingly emotional, tale of why the Shadow Realm is falling apart in the first place. The flashbacks are presented as gorgeous 2D animations, and are a joy to watch.The story is carried by fantastic writing and even better voice acting. The main character is a jerk, but a badass jerk you just can't help but like. The dialogue between him and his companion demon Hoji is just fantastic, and his one-liners are some of the best I've heard in a long time.Finally, I would like to touch upon one last brilliant element of this game. The fortune cookies. They are hidden in the levels, and the reward for finding them is 5 health restored and a fortune. These fortunes are amazing humorous takes on popular culture and well known sayings, each better than the last.I honestly can't think of anything this game does badly. There are so many additional little details done right, of which there are too many to mention here, but as a whole, every moment is either action-packed, or funny, or even emotional. I was never bored or displeased, it's so much fun to play, and definitely worth the buy.10/10"
76561198000377377,Recommended,233130,22080089,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Mr.Fishstick,"I had minimal expectations for this game after install... However I must say that I love the wang. The graphics were beautiful, truly beautiful and the actual mechanics were very fluid and easy to use. The story was a touch difficult to follow but all in all 10/10. If you like a good FPS with accurate sword mechanics and all the wang you can get your hands on, get the game.P.S. Try killing the bunny while it's humping the hell out of another bunny... Prepare to have your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you."
,Recommended,233130,22077334,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,It's B-Pine,"Looking for a great singleplayer FPS, then Shadow Warrior is for you. One of the best shooters to be released in the past decade. Both Fun and challenging.And do not try to fight the bunnies, they will murder you without a second thought."
76561198098844876,Recommended,233130,22075705,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,LightStreak,"Well this game blew my balls off! If you're a fan of the Deadpool, slapstick pop culture humor, then this is the game for you. And surprisingly the story behind the Shadow Realm and lore is actually pretty damn good. But whatever you do, if you see the bunnies ♥♥♥♥ing, do NOT kill them! You will regret it."
,Recommended,233130,22075970,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,basically god,"Wow! Just wow! Shadow warrior is a fast pased hack n slash / fps shooter where you play as a japanese duke nukem but like 5x funnier. This game is both comical, challenging, great dialog, great characters, great setting, great story, great combat, fast pased and has hours of gameplay. Im 6 hours in the main story on normal and still haven't beat it on top of the 3 other things to do in this game. On top of that if you get the special edition it comes with cool stuff, The amazing sound track and on top of that a Viscera Cleanup when buying it. GET THIS GAME ONE SALE. Don't get me wrong it is worth the 40 dollars but you can get this game for 4 bucks and throw in another dollar and get the exclusive items.Shadow warrior also has over 90 Achievements, Trading cards, A♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of in game upgrades for the relentless amount of weapons, Skills and power ups you can wield. Im telling you guys. Get. This. Game. Now."
,Recommended,233130,22077689,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,big weed,Kill the guys.6/5 It's ok
76561198084417676,Recommended,233130,22057843,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Mesa3D developer,Exellent GNU/Linux port ! Runs flawless on Fedora 23 with amdgpu/radeonsi FOSS Mesa drivers.
,Recommended,233130,22059030,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,ZAINIDE,IT WAS GREAT.Positive things.* Guns* Demon rabbits* Swords* Demons* Rocket Launchers* Over the top explosions* Anime girl taking a bath* Flying Demons* Wang!!!* OWW FU*K!!!Negative* I got addicted* too awesome* can't stop playingNeutral* RABBIT SEX?!!
,Recommended,233130,22054918,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Fidget Dabber the Pious,"This game is pure brilliance, the combat is lovely, the humor is fantastic, and the dismemberment, OH THE DISMEMBERMENT!"
,Recommended,233130,22059649,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,diarandor,"""The difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer is all a matter of taste.""--Fortune Cookie--11/10"
,Recommended,233130,22056676,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,SKINNYPENIS.upgrade.gg,THE BEST ♥♥♥♥ING GAME EVER SO MUCH ♥♥♥♥ING BLOOD OH MY GOD ITS LIKE SAITEN ON HIS PERIOD WTF
,Recommended,233130,22057073,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Snoopy Boy,"This is a ok game, not too fun, but i will take it"
,Recommended,233130,22055119,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Nev=NN=HaCKER,"XD I couldn't understand why the price is always so f**king good, it is really a good game which did not need high system requiremments.  Just buy it"
,Recommended,233130,22055125,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Queen Elizabeth,"Lots of gore, cheap humor, guns, and swords. Pretty  cool."
,Recommended,233130,22055531,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,buddymac28,Great game! Buy it!
,Recommended,233130,8272526,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,W!LL,wowMuch slice slicewow very violancesuch actiongoin to smash ur brainboomvery goodemust playwow
,Recommended,233130,22045999,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,w0rmish,This game is neat. 10/10
76561198014266194,Recommended,233130,22046025,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,The Godfather,"almost like a first person dmc game, 9/10."
,Recommended,233130,22053955,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Mr.Trollow,"I got this game durring the winter sale in 2014 it was realy fun but it needs a good computer if you want good fps and i have a decent pc but lags acasonaly in big areas, but is a good game but if you realy want it wait for a sale to buy it but once you have it, its a blast!10/10 would slice someones butt off again"
,Recommended,233130,25515272,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Trakais,One of my favourite games of all time
,Recommended,233130,25347160,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,peterson830,"Annoying bugs, mediocre map design and boring scripts but highly enjoyable actions and gimmicks."
,Recommended,233130,25366858,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Woodce,g o d l y .
,Recommended,233130,25632252,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,twitch.tv/LANiD,yes
76561198169786018,Recommended,233130,23893510,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Gexodo,"""Who wants some Wang?"" -Lo WangToo much action, too much blood and too much fun: Shadow Warrior.""It is good day to die. Ha-Ha"" -Lo WangHe's a damn philosopher!"
,Recommended,233130,25844402,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,R3app3r,"I'm into 1 hour deep into the game and if it's going to end in 30 mins it still WORTH THE BUY! If you wanna say oldschool any time soon just say Shadow Warrior, they are pretty much mean the same!"
,Recommended,233130,7404947,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Heartless player,"Просто бомба, а не игра!"
76561197993495947,Recommended,233130,25848637,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Himax,"Holy crap, I liked this one.I didn't expect much, but this game really won me over.The combat is genuinely fun. It has jsut enough old-school in it to make it challenging, but enough modern touches to get rid of the frustrating/boring stuff.The ""magic"" system is a bit cumbersome for controllers, but overall this was a pretty damn good experience.Hell, I even liked the plot.I can reccomend this game.Oh and it has GOOD MELEE!!"
,Recommended,233130,25848716,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,jakejakejakejake,"Shadow Warrior is one of those games that allow you to turn your brain off and kill things. There's no intricate plot or gameplay here, but it's a fun ride.Unfortunately, I experienced a lot of hitching (1-2 second microfreezes), even on a beefy system. Seems to be a bug. The level design also feels unnatural -- I found myself wandering around, looking for the next item I had to touch to trigger the next bit of plot exposition.Shadow Warrior has a unique skill system: you press some combination of keys to trigger special moves, much like in a fighting game. After each battle, you're rated on a scale of 1-5 shurikens, depending on how skillfully you fought. These are interesting systems I haven't seen in an FPS before."
76561198202580988,Recommended,233130,25849549,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Schniv,"This game is great. The sword mechanics and abilities are incredibly fun to use, and the combat feels really smooth. Only problem is that the framerate sometimes drops from around 130-160 down to 45-50 in really intense combat sequences. (gtx 970/ i5 4670k)"
76561198008890534,Recommended,233130,25850013,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,HumanError,At 4 dollars this game was the steal I always wanted it to be.  Think big trouble in little china in FPS mode.
,Recommended,233130,25892371,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Noodles93,"Easily one of the best FPS's i have ever played, such fluid and exciting gameplay keep you going for ages."
76561198051978978,Recommended,233130,25888779,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Egg,'I give it 7 on the wang-o-meter.'
76561198068096298,Recommended,233130,25735024,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Pumpthiest,Haven't finished the game yet. So far this is one of the most fun games I have played in years and I eagerly aniticipate the sequel. If you want some nice cheesy comedy and super fun sword/gun/magic gameplay this is the game for you!
,Recommended,233130,25909168,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Dr Robby C ESKWAYA . JPG,"Great game, good sense of humour, does melee well for a FPS which is a real rarity. The world was unique and interesting, a lot of fun to explose. The key configuration of casting special attacks by doing keyboard combos was unique and also a throwback to arcade games. Main character is quite a cheeky rascal. A+, highly recommend."
76561198083760499,Recommended,233130,25839996,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Flyingbird,"noting like slicing some ""Shadow Beings"" with a Ketana. 8/10"
76561198086386552,Recommended,233130,22132228,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,XxXDragonSlayerSwaggerMannerXxX,Expensive but worth it as ♥♥♥♥
76561198020538565,Recommended,233130,22135724,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,UtterBalderdash,"I'm old enough to remember getting the PC Gamer CD with the original Shadow Warrior demo on it.  And I do have quite a bit of nostalgia for those days.  But the trouble with playing those old games is that graphics, level design and user interfaces have progressed so much since they were released that they often feel unbearably clunky compared to modern games.Enter the new Shadow Warrior.  It feels like this is the game that would have been made if modern graphics and sensiblilities had existed back in the days of Wolf3D, Doom, and Duke Nukem.  This is a simple game, where your goal is only to survive hordes of enemies and find the key(s) that will let you progress to the next level.  The levels are completely linear--if it appears that you have a choice of direction, then one of your two paths hold a secret waiting to be found.  Your primary weapon will be the sword, though occasionally you'll switch to the old standards of pistol, machine gun, crossbow, shotgun, flamethrower or rocket launcher for convenience.  You collect money, karma and ki crystals, which let you upgrade your weapons, stats and special abilities respectively.By all rights this game should be boring.  Yet I enjoyed it from beginning to end.  It is simple, vulgar, politically incorrect, gorgeous, funny and thoroughly entertaining.  It's best enjoyed in bite sized pieces of an hour or two.  I paid $5 for it and wouldn't have felt cheated if I had paid $15.  Don't pay more than that, though.  I've become increasingly bored with modern shooters, but I fully expect to buy the sequel to this game when it goes on sale for $10 or less.From a fortune cookie in the game: ""Having sex is like playing bridge.  If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand."""
,Recommended,233130,22181896,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Eisen,"Shadow Warrior has good graphics, fun gameplay, and great story; it's only real flaw is that the classic Lo Wang voice actor did not reprise his role; though the new one takes the story in a more 'serious' direction where as the classic one was comedy gold. In either case, ""you no mess with Lo Wang."""
76561198023607440,Recommended,233130,22158892,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Kamigimi,"just dont dash down from stairs ,it kills you"
,Recommended,233130,22177918,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,white_dragon104,great game. Highly recommended
76561198064796474,Recommended,233130,21914498,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,✪ GWEBB,"Kill some demons, breath, kill a whole lotta more demons."
76561198037879990,Recommended,233130,21929731,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Grim,"You know what, Ive never written a review before; But this game deserves one. Ive got a pretty mediocre computer set up currently, and what caught my attention was another review saying this game had good optimization. IT DOES, I am amazed by how much you can adjust the games settings to fit your crappy computer. Im not very far in at the moment, with only about an hour, but thats gonna change because this game is great up to this point so if its on sale or if its not, because I would have gladly payed full price for it, GET IT. METAL BUNNY AWAITS TO KILL YOU AFTER YOUVE STOPPED SEXY TIME."
,Recommended,233130,21929863,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,SuperGiantEgg,"a lot of fun for only $4 on salehad trouble getting the game to start at first. verified the game cashe and made sure the discrete graphics card was used. no help.in the end, the solution was to go to ""C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Shadow Warrior\dx11\sw.x64.exe"" to run it instead since i have a 64 bit processor running windows 10can't launch the game via steam, so just right click and make a shortcut to desktop and use the sw.x64.exe inside the folder listed above to run the game every time.have fun and check this game out on sale. the reviews are fantastic and after playing for 15 min i can immediately see why. it's a funny lighthearted game to unwind for the day"
76561198021123553,Recommended,233130,21931263,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,[knor] Knor964,The game of 2013 for me!I hope SW2 is also just as good as this one.
,Recommended,233130,22169837,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,ISadSmile,"Grabs Katana, Changes it to a giant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ chops a demons head off with it and uses said head to kill humping bunnies who then go super sayajin and kill me.10/10 - Buy now or stfu"
,Recommended,233130,22170065,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Rotnac,"I would consider this more of a neutral review. I'm still giving it a thumbs up only because I would only recommend it if it's on sale. $40 bucks is pretty steep for what this game has to offer. Absolutely avoid the special edition, even if it's on sale.As for the game itself... You'll be able to upgrade your skills and weapons throughout the game but it really doesn't drastically change how you play the game as much as I would've liked. The core style of gameplay throughout consists of wave based combat -- there's a lot of it. Despite the upgrade paths, don't expect an RPG FPS. This is a straight up wave based FPS action game with a story/campaign wrapped around it. When you're not doing that you're finding bunnies humping eachother along the way until the next wave of enemies show up. There's a lot of that too for no reason at all. The mileage on the humor may vary, it's pretty hit and miss.Shadow Warrior is basically like Bad Boys II. Just when you think it's over, it keeps going. It doesn't know when to end until it finally does. It's fun but it overstays its welcome a tad too long for a game of this genre, imo."
,Recommended,233130,22147030,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,_-=Groove=-_,"Congratulations to the Devs, excellent work!"
76561198041194259,Recommended,233130,22191145,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Tridave,Very Nice
76561198262166356,Recommended,233130,22191500,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Kira,If your new in the game don't mess with rabbits.The gore is absolutely beautiful! 10/10
76561197990642867,Recommended,233130,22191534,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,OniRobotics,The world needs more Lo Wang
76561198007066646,Recommended,233130,22195738,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Ser Arthur Dayne,excellent fast paced action! it captures the humour of the original with a new shiny feel.
76561198063202345,Recommended,233130,22166108,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,majorjoshx,"It's ♥♥♥♥ing fun. Since no time was wasted on a useless multiplayer the single player campaign is hilarious, extensive, enriched with plenty of quality content, wang jokes, and it ♥♥♥♥ing fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥ And to sweeten the deal, if you ever want to kill some time or want to come back to the game but don't feel like doing some campagining there's a decent survival mode which is challenging so you don't get bored. If this game was a woman she'd be a beautiful mistress."
,Recommended,233130,25153934,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Shadoware,"Didn´t had so much fun on a single player fps since Serious Sam 2, nice work devs! :D Thank you so much, will totally go for Hard Reset and Shadow Warrior 2."
,Recommended,233130,14303512,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Derm,Great sword fighting combat with various special moves.
,Recommended,233130,24874523,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,GamingGrandpa,"If you enjoy an arcade like hack n' slash, then this game could be for you. It has offered me many hours of entertainment, and I still enjoy going on every once and a while and cutting up some demons in arcade mode. Shadow Warrior quite clearly has similarities with doom, and if you enjoyed the challenge that doom offered, this game will work too. HOWEVER, I suggest you look up some videos or maybe try it if a friend has it, because you might not like how Shadow Warrior feels. Or you could get it on sale for 5 bucks..."
76561198094083351,Recommended,233130,24867759,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,DodoKnight,Very good game:)
,Recommended,233130,24838068,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,President Nukem,"First line. LITERALLY THE FIRST SENTENCE IN THE GAME:""You've got Wang!""10/10"
,Recommended,233130,24772308,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Leaf Of Basil,"Well.....This game is not really relistic with the sex scenes (A.K.A the bunnies). But the swing and decapitate style of fighting makes this one of my favourite games, even only having one and a half hours.I have taken a sample of the game and uploaded it to a random youtube that I made, the name is below:Aethrack is the channel name, shadow warrior is the game. Seriously though, if you want to see my encounter with a death bunny check the find it on the channel. As I am writing this review I have not uploaded it but by the time someone actually sees this it should be up. GG.Edit: I have finally uploaded the clip after 4 days of the original review. Please, enjoy the demon bunny:https://youtu.be/_g4uYKZMJw0"
76561198112486194,Recommended,233130,22838854,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Imaxium,"You can get a four barreled shotgun and fire all four shells to make your enemies explode into pieces. What more needs to be said?Seriously though, I really enjoy the gameplay of the game, and its gore system. Makes slicing up meat pinatas with a katana quite enjoyable. Combined with a decent story, upgrade system, and cheeky humor, I would definitely recommend getting this game."
,Recommended,233130,22833133,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,twitch.tv/Mateesta,Awesome game. fun and fast paced. 8/10 you should play if you like blood and hand to hand combat (with a katana)
76561198022907003,Recommended,233130,22932371,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Phönix,absolutly fun :D9/10
76561198196847573,Recommended,233130,22952188,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Thunda_man,a very good comical game. mixing humor and gore together is really great.will mascaure agian 9/10
,Recommended,233130,22922994,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,StratovariuS,It's better than Serious Sam Series for meso enjoy this game from start to end it's amazing insane FPS
76561198087438263,Recommended,233130,22919636,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Anglachel,"I have not been hooked on a game so quickly in quite a while.  Right off the bat, the gameplay and story line had me sticking around and wanting more.  Easy to pick up, combat is a lot of fun and you have a lot of options when it comes to how you want to handle a situation; in short, this couldn't be further from a simple hack-n-slash as you can use a variety of weapons, powers, and combos to keep things from ever getting boring or repetitive.Only downside is that it's somewhat easy to get lost at times, especially if chasing secrets.  I suppose that isn't such a terrible con seeing as how that just means they have a very detailed and complex world to roam about in.At the end of the day, you get to play an Asian Deapool with zingy one-liners that're often funny; if they don't ammuse, his companion often does, as well.  The easter eggs in this game are hilarious, ranging from comical fortune cookie readings to demonic black bunnies spawning from the corpse of white ones as they maul you to death with heavy metal playing in the background.  If you were a fan of previous shadow warrior games, many easter eggs abound for you to enjoy.In short, have fun slaughtering demons and laughing a lot in the process!"
76561197987588664,Recommended,233130,24485324,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,method_milo,easily one of the top FPSes for Linux (if not top). promise delivered - over the top violence and frantic action. good stuff.
,Recommended,233130,24507373,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Big C,I'm not a big fan of FPS but I had so much slashing enemies with a Katana & going all guns blazing
76561197972162024,Recommended,233130,24508141,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,o0feral0o,Enjoying the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game.  Only complaint is that sometimes it's hard to figure out where to go next.
76561198040387935,Recommended,233130,24478352,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Sloopz,"If there was a word brutal, violent and suprisingly satisfying Shadow Warrior had to be it. The puns, the acting, and well executed sword play, makes this game an objective/stress relieve action packed game that was worth the time. Hope there is more coming."
,Recommended,233130,24487397,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Hadraziel,"Great game, highly recommend, 16h from start to finish"
,Recommended,233130,24694332,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,baby jesus,"If you can get it cheap (as I am reviewing it, it's only $4) it's a worthwhile diversion. It actually makes me look forward to SW2. It's a fairly low-budget title, but they seem to have spent the money wisely and have done a good job overall.I really like the main character, Lo Wang. It's hard to make a cocky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ likeable, but they manage to give him enough flaws that he's actually pretty funny, several scenes in there are comedy gold. My favorite joke: ""I like my demons like I like my coffee: in puddles all over the floor"". To me, Lo Wang is the best part about SW, and their view on a ninja that has nothing to do with stealth and everything to do with looking cool is great.The actual game play has good intentions and some good ideas but it never really gels that well. The main issue IMO is there is a lack of feedback to how the game mechanics work internally. Nothing exemplifies this more than the 'rating' you get after battles which is seemly chosen at random. There is also a lack of feedback on how you damage enemies, they often feel like bullet sponges as a result.Despite this nit-picking these things also give the game a bit of character. I would much rather have a game with an unbalanced sandbox approach to mechanics like this than an over-designed game. The dash mechanic is also fun to use."
,Recommended,233130,23992399,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Fox,"Saw the trailer and stuff for the second one recently and decided to get the original. Well turns out i had been looking for the game and i ahd completely forgotten about it. Got it on sale and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥its awesome. sword play, guns, upgrades, skills, and GORE. tons of gore and dismemberment and stuff. Thats not even the best part! My favorite part has to be the humor and sarcasm and the fortune cookies are awesome. Totally recommend this game and definitely looking forward to the sequel."
76561198146735500,Recommended,233130,23932061,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Siu,Haven't finished the game yet but it's awesome!Graphics are good.Gameplay is good.Skills are addicting!Love it.
,Recommended,233130,23934459,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,claytonbeeney,"This is one of those games that you dont see much press coverage about, have low expectations for and then completely suprises you. Its fun, funny, good looking, runs well, has lots of SEEEEECRETS and overall is a total blast to play. Get this and then get the sequel that is coming out soon. You wont be dissapointed.Side note: My 760 gtx had a frame rate issue occasionally that could be fixed by changing the frame rate from 60 to 50 and then back again. Not a big issue but it happened once during every playthrough."
,Recommended,233130,5493949,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,UNCLE TOUCHY AND THE CREAMY BOIS,"Good old-fashioned Chinese stereotypes. And, killing demons with swords."
,Recommended,233130,30813900,Posted: 29 March,all,SPeD,"The story and dialogue between characters is really good which I was not expecting. Some of the one liners actually made me laugh out loud. Combat is pretty tight, all the weapons fill their own niche and I didn't really feel like anything was missing and the melee option is not a useless last resort weapon. The serects are great too, they're hidden well but you won't need a guide to find them all. If I had to criticise anything it would be the upgrade system. Three different currencies for three different kinds of upgrades with multiple menus, it became a bit of a pain to navigate and it detracts from the gameplay. Overall, an excellent example of frachise revival."
76561198021664572,Recommended,233130,23939484,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,proci85,"Extremely well paced, immersive and fun. Looks good, feels good and has a quite interesting and very well working combat system. It is somewhere halfway between a combo driven action game and an fps depending on how you play, but it is fun.The level design is mostly gated, but the levels are big and have quite an amount of detail.It is also as bloody as the first Shadow Warrior from the 90s, but then again, what do you expect from a game where the protagonist has a katana and the setting is demon invasion?When it is on sale it is an absolute steal.Also, if you are an older gamer, you know, one who bought Doom (2016) because you liked the first one when it came out in the early 90s, you will definitively have fun. I did for sure.Update:For eyefinity / crossfire users: Use the DX11 folder with the launcher.exe to launch the program. Otherwise crossfire won't work and you will get 20-30fps instead of 150+ in eyefinity (in case of a Radeon R9 295).  Vsync will be a bit laggy, but disabling it will render the program working fine, and it looks better. Steam starts the usual exe.Also, use the second difficulty, even if you are experienced with shooters. On the fourth difficulty, the first bossfight takes 25 minutes without dying. The second is ok and you should be fine."
,Recommended,233130,24066732,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Andre Solo,"TARANTINO MEETS DUKE NUKEM 3DGraphics are still pretty good. Gameplay is very cool and fluid. Lots of skill trees to choose from.I was looking forward to the second one, because it'll be a co-op. Decided to pick this to check it out what to expect, and well... totally recommend it (also, you can save some bucks from the - so far- overpriced DOOM by slaying demons in here)Only issues:-check points are no good, you need to remember to save it every once in a while-annoying lag when loading a new scene ""in real time""-unexpected deaths from falling... ""don't dash while on a cliff yo!"" (refer to first item on the list while falling)"
76561198073913763,Recommended,233130,10371638,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Greedy F'cker,"I shouldn't even have to review this; it should just sell on its on. Beautiful graphics, gameplay is flawless, and story is just as amazing as the original (If not better). I literally can not express to you how amazing this game is..."
76561198003332807,Recommended,233130,24054869,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,EternalNewbie,"Do you like to shoot things? Do you like to chop things up with a katana? Do you like Wang jokes? Then this game is for you. Nothing too deep or innovative here, but a fun linear shooter with lots of guns and demons to dismember."
76561198096666774,Recommended,233130,24047365,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Maxim,"THIS GAME IS SOOOOO GOOD!It was funny, epic and had such a good gameplay!If you like a oldschool hero who is badass and funny this game is perfect for you!"
,Recommended,233130,30812615,Posted: 29 March,all,Zammy The Darkside,"My friend suggested this game.The first play this game enough to make me gag, for in-game storyInteresting."
76561198043448541,Recommended,233130,17001319,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Kiyoshi15,"Surprisingly fun, brutal and beautiful. Grab your sword and slice 'em all!"
,Recommended,233130,30801465,Posted: 28 March,all,Benbie82,"Great FPS and an excellent call back to the original from the 90s.  Story isn't winning any awards, but it kept me entertained the whole way thru."
,Recommended,233130,21933140,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Maline,"If Mini Ninjas, and Serious Sam had a baby, this is the cluster♥♥♥♥ organism that they made.9/10WANG IS A TOTAL BADASS(PS. HYPE FOR SHADOW WARRIOR 2, THAT ORGANISM JUST GREW SOME PUBES)"
,Recommended,233130,24091220,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,xtheravenx,"This game was what I expected as a reboot of a great, if not somewhat obscure original title. There is a solid amount of gameplay for the price tag, and with the option to replay the game with the abilities you gather during your initial playthrough, it does provide incentive to keep it installed.Pros:It's gorgeous.There are a solid selection of weapons and play styles to support them using individual weapon upgrades and player upgrades.It's fun and the dialogue contributes well to the story and progression of the game.Cons:There is a heavy focus on sword use which caps out fairly quickly; I think they should have put in additional techniques for the sword because I played 95% of the game without changing weapons voluntarily.Some of the references are going to be lost on new players - there are some OLD callbacks in this game. Veteran players, however, are going to have a blast.Pacing is an issue in later chapters  - certain fights feel a little anticlimactic after the sheer amount of foot-slogging required to reach them. It seems the developers were aware of this particular aspect to some extent because in a few areas, they execute some scripted yet subtle 4th wall breaks to bring some steam back the mission at hand.Conclusion:All in all, I would purchase and play through again given the chance, and if your'e considering this game - it's worth your time."
76561197998204301,Recommended,233130,24045110,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Magma,"A lot like Serious Sam, but not as good. If you haven't played Serious Sam 3 get that first.It's a short and sweet kind of game. Expect about 8 hours of enjoyment then a sudden drop off toward the end. I see no reason to replay when Serious Sam 3 is just better.Get it during a sale like I did and it's worth it.7/10"
76561197963768407,Recommended,233130,24037641,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Infected Caribou,A lot of fun! Let's slash!
76561197966396050,Recommended,233130,24036355,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Bimmy,"Shadow Warrior is one of the best first person shooters I've played in many years. As a fan of classic shooterssuch as Quake, Duke Nukem and Doom which I grew up with, I've grown quite bored with the modern cover-basedmilitary shooters that dominate the market today. Not that there is anything wrong with them, but sometimesplaying those games feels more like work than fun.One game I fondly remember from my childhood was Shadow Warrior, made by 3D Realms on the Duke Nukem 3D engine.It was violent, fast paced, unforgivenly hard and loaded with crass humor that would make todays social justiceoriented media have a collective aneyrism. When a sequel was announced and released, I did not holdhigh hopes. 3D realms was long gone, and the last Duke Nukem game was hardly anything to write home about(although by far not as bad as it's reputation). Regardless, partly due to nostalgia and partly due to a greatSteam sale, I picked up Shadow Warrior (2013), not expecting much.My expectations were exceeded and I proceeded to blaze through the game in a matter of days, enjoyingevery bit of it. First of all, the game is absolutely GORGEOUS to look at. I'm not one to judge a gameby graphics, but not only is the engine pretty, the artistic style of the game, including drawn cut scenepanels is one of the most asthetically pleasing things I've seen in a shooter in quite some time. Levelsare beaitifully designed, from dojos to beautiful gardens, it's like a painting come to life.The gameplay, the most important fun, is a solid and fun experience. Shooting is fast paced, akin to theSerious Sam titles with your screen quite often full to the brim with enemies. Also like Serious Sam, the gamealternates between sections of slow exploration and scenes of combat which you can often predict based onwalking out into a wide area and knowing that a big battle is coming. Not a huge fan of that, but it'sdefinetely fun. Enemies are varied, just like the weapons. Part of the game is figuring out which weapons workbest for which enemies and prioritizing targets.Another element of the game that I enjoyed was the RPG-Lite system of being able to advance and unlockabilities for your character. You can't use all abilities because the number of points you get is limitedand this opens the door to multiple replays. You can focus your points into Katana skills and play the gameprimarily as melee...or throw them into a gun you prefer. There are other skills and abilities, from castingpower magic attacks to shielding yourself, there are many things to play around with in the leveling system.The game is fairly long, especially if you choose to explore every nook and cranny for secrets, but youcan definetely beat it in 15 hours or less. There is no multiplayer, so replay value focuses on replayinglevels to find all the secrets, and replaying the game with diffent powerups and weapons.Overall, I would absolutely recommend this game to any classic shooter fan. At the low price, its a no brainer."
76561198003046363,Recommended,233130,24001154,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,HHuubboo,Some rough edges but worth it.  Much better after lots of upgrades.  Boring bosses.
76561198067045956,Recommended,233130,24031805,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,parkourmagicmanjoe,"I haven't completed this game yet, but it is a very catchy FPS.  I also usually appreciate the sarcastic humor."
76561198056787496,Recommended,233130,23999280,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,kalua_john,This game is totally worth the $4 I paid for it on steam sale.
76561198061652027,Recommended,233130,23976437,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,orbital.sfear,Pretty darn fun.  Looks great.  Love the old school feel.
76561198081264383,Recommended,233130,23969494,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,criscor70611,"really fun love the sword play its deff challenging in some places, can't wait for the 2nd!!!!"
76561198140637715,Recommended,233130,23983926,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,...,"me, mind hacked playable this game with no number no characteristics"
,Recommended,233130,20384436,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Jason Jesus Bourne Christ,"This is a shoot-em-up / chop-em-up adventure game with some RPG elements.The main character is a mouthy badass that embraces his 'nerdy' side without shame.The skills and weapons are satisfying to use.The difficulty is well tuned.The story is much better than I expected. The ending actually really got me going. The pacing between action and story telling is well done.You can choose to do the bulk of your killing with either your sword or your guns, it's really up to you to play how you want."
76561198079906644,Recommended,233130,23884011,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Ice Cream Man,I killed a bunny that was screaming DIEE with a pink♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on a stick called the penetrator10/10
,Recommended,233130,23951415,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Monkeyman1342,9/10 would get again
76561198017439069,Recommended,233130,23949165,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,BaRdOckDBZ,hmm i dont know slice and dice  demonic♥♥♥♥♥♥up
,Recommended,233130,23920397,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Nut (msg if ya wanna sesh),"Great Game, bit confusing but nonetheless a 20+ hour slaughter-fest.8/10"
76561198141643053,Recommended,233130,23900250,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Knox,"Shadow Warrior its a FPS with elements of katana or melee weapons swings combined with magic/demonic abilities.So if you like cut demons in every way possible and shoot them down after you sure wanna play this game.And if like dark humor, you must meet Lo Wang :DThe game has beautiful visualsBut, there're also a few aspets you wanna consider:1. The game it's expensive if not bought on sale2.The game is shortIn short, the game is made for all type of gamers if they like having a good time playing."
76561198074850627,Recommended,233130,23901334,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,sam.felder,"Very fun, worthy chalenges. The voice acting was great. The upgrade options were ok."
,Recommended,233130,23901773,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Bidorfus,I've never felt so good about killing rabbits before.
76561197976557516,Recommended,233130,23902659,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,JUMP'NSHOOTMAN,"The good ol' rule of thumb: You can't desire something that you don't know exists.You like Doom before 20XX? Serious Sam? Moving and shooting? Health numbers? Swords?I can't even refund the game if I wanted because I played 4 hours on my first sitting.There's really not much to hate here, it's a game that you have fun playing because it has personality.Looking forward to Shadow Warrior 2 later this year. Pretty impressed.Runs amazing in 4K on an i7-3770k and 970."
76561197979281557,Recommended,233130,23842009,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,marchfawn,I got this game on sale for $5. It's pretty good. For $5 it's damn good. I'm looking forward to Shadow Warror 2 to come out!
76561198106100260,Recommended,233130,14230473,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,H3llBilly,"If you haven´t played the original shadow warrior, you should at least try it in my opinion. It gives you a bit of an insight to what shooters were like years ago and where does this ´´reboot´´ take it´s inspiration from. Now, I don´t mean inspiration in the sense that it reuses the same mechanics and what not, but rather the main character , some of it´s lines, the katana of course and it´s easter eggs. I´ve managed to fin most of ´em. What is the game like though. Well, here´s the short version: looks good, plays exquisit, sounds amazing, repetition level high. Here´s the longer version. Shadow warrior takes place in Japan (no♥♥♥♥♥♥right?) and you take the role of♥♥♥♥♥♥joke named hit man called Lo Wang. At the beggining of the game your mission is to buy the sword from guy named Zilla with hilariously clichéd mansion, with even Wang saying that he couldn´t have picked a more clichéd place to make a deal. In a true ´´gamey´´ fashion everything goes to hell and you are greeted with some of the most fun sword combat I´ve had pleasure to play around with. Seriously, this combat is so good that in probably first 10 chapters you´ll be using that more than the actual guns IN A FPS GAME. The sword combat is basic, atleast until you get some great powers, but the thing that makes it sooooo much fun is the way enemies come apart. You can literaly cut their head off an continue cutting ´em until they are just legs. Yeah, they don´t come apart into tiny itsy-bitsy pieces like they do in metal gear rising: revengeance, but I feel like combat in this game is more tight even though as I´ve said...... written, it is quiet basic, but that´s not a bad thing at all. Aside from the chopin´ up yer foes action you´ll be gettin´ on, you´ll notice that this game is quiet prety, no realy, this game goes from looking great to looking jaw dropping, especially by the end where the game takes you to some varied, colorful and huuuge environements and it´s quiet a sight to behold. The game also sounds awesome. All weapons and especially the shotgun, sound beefy and are model with a lots and I mean lots of detail. You can also upgrade your guns and yourself and your powers even further more. The game is around 14-15 hours long which is great even though you might expect more from a modern single-player only fps. Yes, there ain´t no multiplayer in this game. That´s not a bad thing because it allows the game to be more focused than it would be with a multi-player or co-op game modes. The game gets repetitive after a while, but that happens to almost all games, but the game is linear with a bit of a widened path and you get into these rooms that enemies spawn in and you do this over and ver and over. It would be a very bad thing if the combat was boring, but it isn´t as I´ve mentioned earlier so that shortens a quiet a bad thing. The game can be also cheaply hard sometimes. It throws these enemies that take 20 rockets to take down and charge at you and can kill you in 3 hits if you don´t heal yerself. And by the end it has the tendency to throw atleast two of these guys at ya tripled with another enemy that takes a beating before he goes down. I´m almost at the end currently and I´m facing the frustrating problem with these doubled tough enemies, but hey, I don´t mind, I´ll get a rest from the game and than come back again. So for single-player purists this is a no brainer to pick up, for folks somewhere in hte middle I strongly recommend and for multi-player folks I still recommend, ´cause come on, who deosn´t like choppin´ his enemies into bits. Shadow Warrior is a hell of a game. And I actualy realy enjoyed the characters too , later on they have some great dialogues even if they start of quiet weak. You should go get it, it doesn´t mattrt on sale, average price it´s very much worth you time."
,Recommended,233130,22987301,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,J4CK,Frankly speaking I wasn't expecting much from this game. But I was beyond wrong. This is a gem !
76561198060126480,Recommended,233130,22983802,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Normal Computer Player,"Aye, this game is sweet"
,Recommended,233130,20927396,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,iLoveYourFace,Contains quality wang jokes
76561198027374663,Recommended,233130,20900460,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,GARBAGE DADDY,"A fantastic throwback shooter. Big, dumb, and a hell of a lot of fun."
,Recommended,233130,19516207,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Chancer,"Great, simple and fun game with a great story actually, but terribly optimized.I've played much better looking games at much higher framerates.  Consider this the baseline for being able to enjoy the game, because that's how poorly it ran on my system.I7 2670QM Quad Core (2.2ghz), Nvidia 540M 1GB.  You might be able to get away with a slightly weaker CPU since mine's still pretty dandy in 2015, but I wouldn't risk it.  Yes, the hardware is technically pretty weak but the game looks far worse than other games when set to lowest quality and runs god awfully to the point of not being fun."
,Recommended,233130,20893174,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,X_x,Not Cheap but worth it
76561198046123481,Recommended,233130,20783674,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Kittehborn,"a game that does first person melee really good, love it"
76561198063511529,Recommended,233130,21083277,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Devee,Violence
,Recommended,233130,21082868,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,|LOD|H8MyBoss*,"Got this on sale for $5.  Ho Lee Chit, is this game ever good, in my opinion.  More than happy with it so far, DEFINITELY worth $5.If you love first-person hack n' slash games with a great story, and humour to boot, definitely check Shadow Warrior out >> hit up You Tube and watch some footage on it, get a feel for it before you make the decision to buy this game.  This is a game that doesn't take itself too seriously, and it's all about fun.  Love the button combos to pull off different attacks and abilities.  Graphics and sound are pretty good.  Hoji cracks me up, just as much as Wang does, lol!  Funny stuff!!I just finished Chapter 6 and felt compelled to give this game a thumbs up.  Lovin' it so far.  Wang chung, baby!"
,Recommended,233130,21114631,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,SkyLord,Good action game with swords.Beautiful environment and graphics.Cutscene is also nicely done.a bit repetitive on combat though.a Great remake!
76561198152591021,Recommended,233130,21071347,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,FSRL2000,"i know it was out in 2013, but i was still surprised by the 60fps and smoothing cambat for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop like mine. Most importantly, its only $4 right now!9.5/10-0.5 for the useless guns"
,Recommended,233130,21065013,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Raider,"Great combat, customization and sense of humor."
,Recommended,233130,13663349,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Rok Solid,"Seriously this is worth a play through, maybe not for $39.99 USD but it is nearly always on sale at $9.99, if you can wait there are sites that sell it (and steam too) occaisionally for 4 bucks.I would say if you are looking at the reviews to decide whether to buy or not, if this game is under 5 bucks just get it already! You'll get a good 10 hours out of it and its way better than a couple of cans of coke will ever be!I was really impressed by this reboot of ""Shadow Warrior"". It has so much going for it and doesn't try to be any more than it is, which something so many games in recent years just miss the mark/point of! So many game devs spend so much time and effort on making an intricate storyline with epic cinematics and just don't get the idea of games: FUN! And this game was just that: FUN!It's got some of the most fun swordplay and hacking and slashing I can think of! I never thought that slicing demons into little pieces could be so entertaining! And there's guns! The usual suspects too! A pistol, SMG that can be akimbo with an upgrade, shotgun, rocket launcher, flamethrower and a crossbow that can be upgraded to a grenade launcher with remote detonation! Also pick up demon hearts ans use them to kill lower demons in a small radius, or grab a demon head and use it to blast anything in your path!If you ever played the original 3d Realms ""Shadow Warrior"" then this is likely to be more fun. The original was so much fun back then, and now this is more like they devs making it knew if they tried to imitate the original it just wouldn't work out well, fans would be annoyed at details missed or added etc.Basically, it is a game that knows how not to try and be more than it is. You play as Lo Wang. The story is there enough that you feel sense of purpose, and it throws the tongue into the cheek at itself regulary. It is funny at times and the cheesy wisecracks are there in bulk but you won't be in stitches, it lightens the mood and honestly it is the right amount of cheese-to-bread ratio game. Most of the time you will be too busy shooting slicing blowing up or burning baddies to want a story anyway! The action is quick and solid. A tough enemy early in the game becomes just part of many enemies in a multi-wave attack later in the game. Which is good, it gives you the chance to figure its weakness and how to dispatch them, then later it throws waves of enemies with the harder ones in. The boss fights are good too.Well, you have probly read this review and a few others so you must be interested, lash out a fiver on this you won't be dissappionted!"
76561198027710648,Recommended,233130,13666229,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Thieveous,"Absolutely loved it! Finally a single player game with both amazing combat AND an amazing story.And if that wasn't already enough, this game has a great lenght to it! Personally I spent 10 hours on it.Overall a great game and worth the cash."
,Recommended,233130,8007944,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Carduus,Back to childhood.♥♥♥♥ Yeah! GOTY for me. Srsly.
,Recommended,233130,13917643,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Gnomorian,"Great game, lots of satifying violance.you will spend allot of time trying to find where you are going, or dying from sprinting off the top of stairs. the main character and his...friend (spoilers) initialy i hated them. but they soon grew on me, funny dialogue, the fortune cookies give great advice and the secrets where allways a treat to find.now, if you excuse me, im off to play it in insane difficulty."
,Recommended,233130,13868114,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,0_Zero_0,"First off, this is one of the most incredibly beautiful games I've ever played. It's Japan in Ultra HDR with the vibrant colours and moody, smooth atmosphere. The games is almost tangible.That aside the game is fun."
,Recommended,233130,13871205,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Deimos,"A worthy remake of the classic, Shadow Warrior achieves satisfying violence, some eye-candy levels and a surprisingly solid story, all in a modern package. Guilty of occasional blandness of level design. Overall a definite yes."
,Recommended,233130,13861436,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Sarge,♥♥♥♥ing Awesome  7/10 why did it take so long for me to play this
,Recommended,233130,13900371,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Logan Slimcock,8/8 gr8 would recomend!
12345678910111213,Recommended,233130,13853439,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,LeEeLELEeLELEkeeeeee,Best katana simulator
76561197984495528,Recommended,233130,13855871,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Vihapiirakka,"A very fun, exciting game experience!Pretty, colorful visuals, lots of cool weapons, the combat system is simple and responsive.Very satsifying to slice demons into small bits with the badass katana!All in all a very solid, fun shooter/melee combat game."
76561197999987182,Recommended,233130,13857900,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Beef Supreme,"So I remember this game from way back when I first went through puberty so you KNOW my memory of it isn't clouded. It was pretty cool back then, it seemed like it was duke nukem with a sword and different machine gun (That alone is pretty sweet). So now I'm an adult with important things to do like pay bills, work a full time job, save up for that pony and feed my majestic cat, so I don't want to waste my precious free time.This game was totally worth the hours I put into it because of the following reasons:- Gameplay was fun and easy with plenty of that attention keeping variety. Cool enemies (and ways to dispose of them), lots and lots of guns and an evolving sword, controls were easy to get the hang of, combo system was expansive and fun (not a chore).- Graphis were immpresive. The envrionments were very sharp. It was so calming to sit and admire the newly grown cherry blossoms.- Not extremely challenging.Some people probably don't think this is a plus but lets face it, you're not gonna play this game to test your might...... you just want to kill demons and it delivers.These are the reasons I will NOT pick iut back up (for awhile at least):- Story and characters were pretty boring and kind of annoying. Wang is  ok, but (and I can't believe i'm saying this) hes a little immature. I didn't really follow the story closely because I really just didn't care.- THE WORST part about this ♥♥♥♥ing game is it had like 4 bosses and they were all pretty much the same guy and the same process: shoot the glowing parts of the armor for an hour and a half, then shoot the glowing stuff underneath for another hour (BAM! I just saved you like half a day)Overall: Besides the boss battles its a solid game. Its still worth a playthrough (Took me like 17 hours, but I explore a lot). It's pretty damn easy, the achievments are cool and help break up a bit of the monotony so you should be set, and its got cherry blossoms.All said and done. I give this game a mind blowing 7/10 with my own personal ""having a good time seal of approval"" because it was a hoot and didn't take itself too seriously."
76561198030030425,Recommended,233130,25138457,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ŽČČŽŽŽČČŠŽŽČČŽČ,Hhahahahaha this game is funny and very good ;)
76561198083380049,Recommended,233130,22064532,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Bane,Demon slicer 3000
,Recommended,233130,25167205,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Robo Krabs,"As all hell was breaking loose, I was riding the eye of the storm!A really fun game, loved every minute of it, has some good challenge, it feels great to run and gun down waves of demons. Using the sword to cut your way through is also a great feeling.Pick it up if you can, mostly since the second one is coming out soon, I hope.Feels like you're playing the Asian offspring of Duke Nukem and Doomguy."
,Recommended,233130,25202950,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Luxxor,Fun shooter but lacks depth
76561197997861052,Recommended,233130,25194525,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Richard The Necromancer,"My Rating: ∞ ∞ ∞ ∞ (<--INFINITY) / 10Ahhh Shadow Warrior....My father gave me the original game on a disc way back god damn when. I played the Originals before I ever even touched DOOM, And I feel like it ruined DOOM for me in many ways.BUT EVERY SINGLE OTHER THING IS OUT-WEIGHED BY THE 1 THING THAT MAKES HTIS GAME AMAZINGLO-WANG IS THE GREATEST FPS PROTAGONIST TO EVER EXIST WITHOUT QUESTION."
,Recommended,233130,25076970,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Nockis,"I love this game. It has good story, epic soundtracks, funny jokes and great ki strikes. The feel of killing Yakuzas and demons is very satisfying. I think this game must be played."
,Recommended,233130,25109958,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Biohog,"Well, apparently Shadow Warrior II is coming, so here's my review for the first one. Three years after it was released and I played it.On the higher difficulties the enemies are too bullet spongey for my liking; I gave up on my hardest difficulty playthrough because of it, but the guns are fun to use, damage on higher difficulties notwithstanding, and sword is very fun-depending on what games you have you can even change the skin to smashing enemies with Serious Sam III's sledgehammer or Saint's Row's 'penetrator', perhaps the first time the demon hordes have been beaten with a giant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥The game looks good (special mention for the levels; look up the term 'Scenery Porn' and you'll get pictures of them).Humour wise, I'm a miserable dour git who doesn't care for this game's humour, but I'd be lying if some of the fortune cookies didn't make me crack a smile and chuckle. The story did surprise me though, in that while it's clearly just a vehicle to murderise entire towns of foes (the best kind for a game that focuses on combat like Shadow Warrior) I actually started to care towards the end, and the final victory almost felt phyrric.It didn't set the FPS'er genre alight, it didn't bring anything new to the table, but it got me to do two full playthroughs, I don't remember it with animosity and after discovering SW2 is on the horizon, I'm actually wanting to replay it.So it clearly did something right."
,Recommended,233130,25070917,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Knegoff,det är kul ett tag antar jag men det blir så jävla långdraget och jag bara orkar inte tillslut det blir som en smärta inom mig och det är inte kul
,Recommended,233130,13774462,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Krashtest,Lots of (bloody) fun and Wang jokes.
,Recommended,233130,14379370,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Fireeye,"Shadow Warrior, though being a relatively recent title, clearly is a tribute to the older 1993 game of the same name, and as a matter of fact, to oldschool shooters in general. There are no annoying quicktime events, the cutscenes generally are more on the short side, and the enemies would probably laugh at you if you tried to make use of the oh-so-tedious cover mechanic found in modern titles. Instead, the game gives you a bunch of guns, a large number of enemies, even more enemies, several cleverly hidden and often humorous secrets/easter eggs, and a protagonist that can move faster than a squirrel on crack - just like in the shooters of old.Of course the term ""shooter"" is not quite the right word here - while the game does, as mentioned above give you a few different guns, you will spend the vast majority of your time outside of bossfights hacking and slashing your way through the aforementioned hordes of enemies, rapidly dashing to and fro to avoid enemy blows or close the distance with those that would avoid you. Besides of a basic damage system that allows you to sever limbs and heads based on where your blows land, the game also gives you some nifty special abilities that can be unlocked via a RPG-like experience system, ranging from the classical whirlwind attack to more mystical powers such as summon a shockwave to send enemies flying, or keeping them paralyzed in a levitation field. Together with the weapon itself, this makes the combat in shadow warrior extremely fast - and insaleny fun atop of that.On clear difference between Shadowrun and it's oldschool ideals is the presence of an elaborate background story. While it's nothing comparable to the writing of a Planescape:Torment, this game decidedly has a better story than both the ""old"" oldschool shooters (Aliens have landed on Earth, kill them!) and even many modern titles (Terrorists have landed in Eagleland, kill them!).The only really weak points of the game are the rather repetitive boss fights, some minor inconsistencies in the story, and a handful of (non-gamebreaking) bugs, but other than that, Shadow Warrior definitely is one of those hidden gems for people that can't stand the three-hundreth ""Call of Battlefield""-sequel and long back to the days of Duke Nukem, the Doomguy, or (the slightly later) Serious Sam."
,Recommended,233130,15144346,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,"The Personafication of ""Meh.""",Life without Wang is a life not worth living.
76561198105506876,Recommended,233130,14998318,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,fakeplasticmike,"Hail to the Wang, baby... 8.5/10  The story is unexpectely great and the graphics are beautiful, but the fights get a little repetetive in nature during the second half of the game as there isn't a whole bunch of variety in the types of enemies.  Towards the very end, non-boss fights just consist of higher and higher numbers of the saaaaame enemies.  Still, stupidly fun and highly recommended."
,Recommended,233130,15147515,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Remembrance,"Thie is deffinitely the most exciting game I have played since Bioshock. Very immersive fighting mechanics, and Lo Wang doesn't take **** from man, nor demon.""If you mess with the bull, you get the Wang."" ~ Lo Wang"
76561198047177874,Recommended,233130,15161088,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Knot13,"I didn't play the game a lot, but I have to say something about the developers, they have released a huge patch, which adds tons of stuff to the overall experience (check it out in the ""Recent Updates"" section), and that shows you how much they care about their game and the gamers. It's a great game, you should get it, since it has been further improved and bug fixed."
76561198002789672,Recommended,233130,2134046,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Albinon05,Sooooo amazing!!!
76561198046859840,Recommended,233130,15114581,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,OP WW1 Shauffel,this game is definately fun a lol and a half the whole way with the main characters over use of cliche asian and 1980s actioner film humor love how the targets get cleaved where you hit also visceral cleanup mini game is funny too. Get this its a must buy 4/5 stars
,Recommended,233130,15115155,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,judgemule,"With all the great things about this game it's hard to just choose one. oddly enough I have to say the going back and replaying it is the best part, you catch all the little jokes that you missed the first time."
76561198037550991,Recommended,233130,15172524,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,M A T i X,Shushi time ^^
76561197979970816,Recommended,233130,17544555,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Herr_Klopek,"Challenging, but rewarding AF. Uneven sense of humor, but overall I was laughing more than cringing (the Stan Bush sing-along in the opening sequence was brilliant). Best first-person sword fighting I've ever encountered, and a surprisingly deep system behind it. You'll be learning new moves right up until the end, meaning it doesn't get stale (neither does slicing a demon in half diagonally, a bit of service for fans of the original). enemies are a bit repetitive, but the way they're rolled out, balanced to provide new challenges just when you've grown comfortable fighting, is straight-up retro shooter. Guns felt a bit weak, for my tastes, never giving me the meaty sense of POW that games like the most recent Call of Juarez really nail. I also would have enjoyed some returning weapons from the original. The rail gun, in particular, could have been used to great effect, but it seems our fascination with that particular weapons tech died with the 90s. Surprisingly long, as well, at least for me. And the story, as many other reviewers have pointed out, is unexpectedly emotionally-charged. No Gone Home levels of emotional maturity, but certainly more than I was expecting. Also, it is, for the most part, beautiful. Bamboo groves lit up at night are a particularly pretty and mood-setting affect. However, as gorgeous as many of the settings are, they get repetitive. There's a major switch in scenery about 2/3 in, but by that point I had grown very tired of the Japanese temple/quaint village/cave surroundings. Again, my rather slow progress (lotta dying) probably contributed to this. Speedier players may not spend as much time on each level as myself. Overall, highly recommended, even to those who don't favor shooters, like myself."
,Recommended,233130,17545020,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,They Call Me Swan,"Holy Sh*t.This game is an emotional rollercoaster. It's a fast-paced, story driven game that (even though will make you want to pull your hair out at one point or another) has honestly stolen my heart. As bloody and humorous as it is, nothing will prepare you for the ending.Pros:Long (Took me 15 hours to complete)Trading Cards (they sell for around $0.09)Plenty of witty humor (I saw a couple of nods to Eddie Izzard)You can use a demon's head as a weapon (IT SHOOTS FRICKIN' LASER BEAMS)Straightfoward and solid gameplayYou can backtrack (So if you find hidden items along the way that require you to take an alternate root, you can get to it)Tons of references to Delvolver games (You can listen to quotes/music at arcade machines.AND YES, THEY REFERENCE HOTLINE MIAMI AND SERIOUS SAM)Plenty of upgrades for your weapons (Which is really useful in the later levelsBeautiful (Crisp clean sounds and great wold design.Really made it feel like demons had come to Earth)Lots of hidden places to explore (Naked pixel ladies and a reference to Monty Python and The Holy Grail?!)Cons:A buttf*ckery of enemies (It really sucks in places with no room to move around in)Mini-bosses (Oh boy, don't get me started...)Sometimes when entering the Shadow Realm (at least for me) it'd crashIt can get confusing at times (You may find yourself getting stuck)Overall, this game is a solid 9.5/10. If you're thinking about purchasing it during the Delvolver Sale, just do it."
76561198101718538,Recommended,233130,16817734,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Holefek,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. If you are a fan of fps games, get this one right now!"
,Recommended,233130,16820695,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,TheSharkzz,You play as Lo Wang.
,Recommended,233130,7313984,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Mad Mike Marsbergen,"So. ♥♥♥♥ing. Good.Did you hate Duke Nukem 4ever (as it will forever be known as)? Good. That game sucked a fat one.But this one-- this one takes a page out of Croteam's book. This one is more like Serious Sam 3 than that steaming turd of a Nukem game.Swords and guns never went together so well.Hack bits and pieces off your enemies, use your shotgun to blow off some dude's arm, gib your enemies until they're four-star amputees!17 chapters/levels, and nearly all (except boss fights) are around an hour each. Lots of secrets to find, and money to rack up.Use the money on upgrading your weapons, or buying ammo.The more creatively you kill guys, the more karma points you get. Use the karma to buy stat boosts from the skill-tree.And there are ki crystals throughout the levels. Use these to get new sword powers."
76561198091046053,Recommended,233130,16823528,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Finnedmercury91,love this game and can't wait for the sequel
,Recommended,233130,16497403,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Skeleton Lenin,"This game has giant bossfights, the best melee weapon in gaming, and hundreds upon hundreds of enemies. 10/10"
,Recommended,233130,16499967,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Jhotun,"Shadow Warrior is pure action and love for the lost shooter genre. It has this feeling of old school shooters (doom, quake, duke nukem, etc) with very big levels for you to run and shoot enemies. Lots of secrets, beautiful comic style cinematics and a surprisingly interesting and beautiful plot. The difficulty is well balanced though you will find some spikes here and there, but nothing you can not beat if you got to that point.Excellent set of weapons, upgrades, and the ice on the cake, the amazing Katana.  This game is a shooter at heart, but the katana is so well made that you will find yourself using it a lot.Around 14-15 hours of duration and after beating it several modes to replay with different challenges.If you miss classic approach to shooters, give it a try to this game, it won't dissapoint."
,Recommended,233130,16500120,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,tsruuuu-senpai,"Most probably one of the funniest games I've ever played. Also comes with a lot of fast-paced oldschool gameplay: Press E to open sh*t, run here and there and most importantly send countless demon limbs flying. Only stopped the gore tornado the Nobitsura Kage had turned me into during my recreational pauses amidst Shadow Warrior's clusterf*ck scenery of Asian cliches. And during the many cut scenes I couldn't skip, because the story was way more compelling than I had anticipated."
76561198040987276,Recommended,233130,16487011,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,scifidude79,"If Lo Wang cruising down the road in a Datsun Z listening to and singing “The Touch” by Stan Bush didn't get you to buy this game...If the promises of optional katana maintenance, fully destructible bicycles and gratuitous rabbit sex didn't get you to buy this game...What can I possibly add that will?Seriously, aside from those really cool things, this game really is awesome.  I'm not even all the way through it and I can say that.  The game play is fantastic, some of the best FPS action on the planet.  The katana combat is superb.  In the original game, you can cut dudes diagonally across the chest with the katana.  In this game, you can hack off limbs, cut off heads, cut dudes clean in half.  It's just superior.  And, there's an achievement for dismembering 500 enemies. (I got it earlier) Plus, you can use your left hand to hurl shurikens while you're using the katana.  Likewise, when you have a gun in your right hand, you can use the katana with your left for a quick melee strike.  The gun play is really nice.  The guns seem to be fairly accurate, though there's no auto aim, (if there is, I don't have it activated) so if your reticle is off just a bit, you'll miss.  Plus, there are more ways to kill enemies, such as making objects near them explode.  (cars, vending machines, arcade games, etc.)  Overall, I'd say combat is challenging but not overly hard, at least not set on “Normal.”  That's the setting I'm using for my first play through.Aside from combat, there is plenty more to do.  Like a lot of modern games, there are powers and upgrades you can get.  While you're fighting, you earn karma.  Karma accumulates and earns you karma points, which can be spent on abilities.  You can also find crystals so that you can learn new powers.  And, you find money throughout the game to upgrade your weapons.  Plus, like in the original game, there are secrets to be found.  Most secrets will reward you with either money or karma.  And, there are some really cool Easter Eggs, which are mainly objects and environments from the original game.  It's a really nice homage to the original Shadow Warrior.  So, while you're carving a path of destruction, be sure to be on the lookout for stuff can find.Story wise, the game seems really strong.  Though, as I said, I'm only partly through it.  You get a lot more explanation of what is going on than in the original.  The voice acting is really good.  Graphically, this game is superb.  The environments are fantastic, the characters really good looking and the weapons and other objects look really nice.  Overall, I'd say it's a 10/10 graphically.So, add that all up and, to me, the game is a 10/10.  Fantastic fun.  Definitely well worth the price I paid.  Though, in the interest of full disclosure, I did get it on sale.  That doesn't mean I don't think it's worth $40, but I'm still happy I got it on sale.  ;)"
76561197975725938,Recommended,233130,21995202,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,pbiddy,One of the best reboots I have seen in a while. The story was engaging if a touch predictable. The abilities system was well thought out. The jokes were funny. And the Death rabbit was awesome!  If you can pick it up on a steam sale do yourself a favor and do it.
,Recommended,233130,21988366,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,『The Wall』,"A remake of an old classic. The wisecracking, filthy-mouthed protagonist takes an arsenal of increasingly brutal (and fun!) weapons and uses them to carve a bloody path through the seemingly endless hordes of otherworld invaders, all the while taunting them and making witty quips. Plenty of easter eggs tucked away in the corners of the map to entice the player, plenty of jokes, and plenty of innuendo.Yep, always bet on Du- Wait.Right.This is a reboot that DIDN'T flop like a fat kid in swim class. Duke, move over. It's time for everyone to get a healthy taste for Wang. Lo Wang, the modern ninja. (And yes, you're gonna hear a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes.) The gameplay is solid, reminding me a lot of Wolfenstein TNO's ""modern classic"" sort of gameplay. Shoot rooms full of enemies ala Doom or other classics, upgrade guns (as is the standard nowadays), and generally cause bloody, bloody mayhem. The scenery is gorgeous, the music flows very well, and the plot keeps it simple without becoming stupid.In essence:Do you like running and gunning?Do you want to kill six billion demons?Would you play a game with a wiseass demon sidekick?Did you enjoy the Metal Gear Rising: Revengence bits where you got to katana the hell out of things?Do you have an unhealthy obsession with environmental damage?If you answered yes to any of the above, do yourself a favor and get this game. Seriously, it's worth it.No experience playing Shadow Warrior Classic needed."
76561198157850280,Recommended,233130,22207015,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,cventon,this game is the best game i have ever played i can't stop playing
76561198243992194,Recommended,233130,22218834,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,DopeSmoker,Confucius say...best game bought for under $4
,Recommended,233130,21970407,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,[PBS] Sw4gBeard,It's got the touch!
,Recommended,233130,21971947,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Elsa Granhiert,"Shadow Warrior - ThoughtsSimply amazing. That's the short story - A truly worthy title to add into your Library. Between absolutely fantastic, hilarious, chuckle-worthy dialogue that keeps you entertained, a surprisingly engaging and interesting story, and thecombat- Mm, the combat is just .. Simple, and short:fun.The gunplay is excellent, giving you a variety of weapons: Shotgun, crossbow, revolver, so on: The main weapon of the game - the katana - performs gruesome kills on the demon hordes, and using it always makes you feel like you're in control, that every strike you do can be deadly, or not, depending always on where you place it, which strike you use .. The feeling of control is always there.I didn't expect the story to be nothing more than a hilarious 80s B movie jokes and references, but managed to be much more than that - Truly, the story is engaging and suprisingly interesting, yet it didn't disappoint me with being hilarious from time to time: The dialogue, especially, deserves true credit for keeping me amused, and interested, after every section of fun demon slaughtering.All in all, I've nothing more to say. Do I recommend it?Heck yes.The game iswangtasticand deserves a place in your Library, especially if you're looking for a very Arcade-ish old school FPS experience that doesn't let you down: And the best part? There's a sequel coming."
76561198039207152,Recommended,233130,21933327,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Unabatedmink939,remember when video games were fun. i dont because im 14 but now i know what people mean when i hear that phrase now
,Recommended,233130,23235792,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,usp φ,"""I am not trying to be racist, but why do all the demons look the same?""LOL 10/10The story is well-written!"
76561198217792417,Recommended,233130,23238078,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,MisterFreeman97,The best Videogame of All Time!!!!
,Recommended,233130,23248362,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,JeRiL,"A great reboot of the classic Shadow Warrior game. Gunplay is solid. Enemies are kinda bullet-sponges. But the action is heavy. The katana is great fun, along with the demonic powers you unlock over time. There are even sections of classic levels hidden within the new levels!"
,Recommended,233130,23212364,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,tonfa196,totally fun
76561198004011791,Recommended,233130,23232084,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Retarded Cripple,"Great ♥♥♥♥ing game. Great gameplay, great weapons, really ♥♥♥♥ing fun.Didn't expect it to have such a sickkk storyline as well.10/10, will play again."
76561198065942228,Recommended,233130,23209288,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,XICO,I have been messing around alot when i play after 11 hours 3 euros im only a bit over half way
76561198086484625,Recommended,233130,23228251,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,"Lo-Lo, the Wireless Owl",blood is love!
76561198218382953,Recommended,233130,23228307,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Pennywise_the_dancing_clown,This game is awesome. Love the Katana combat and the magic.
,Recommended,233130,23203117,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,sirholo,"Fun revamp of a classic.  FPS Melee.Almost everything is destructible, which is fun.  It is sorta open-world, so go exploring to find secrets!  You also collect/gain Cash/Ki/Karma, each of which can be spent to upgrade your character.  It is IN-GAME cash, NOT pay-to-win.  So, spend wisely because you will never gain ALL of the possible character-trait upgrades.  That makes the game replayable.I did get stuck on one stupid level-boss, and gave up for a while.  But I'll get back to it later, after a web-search on how to get through this epic 20-minute boss fight."
,Recommended,233130,23198798,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Max,Nice FPS game based on Japanese culture.
76561198091525239,Recommended,233130,23177732,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,30cm,Pure Hack and Slash
,Recommended,233130,23246443,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Cherry Bomba,"Great gameplay, Bits of demon in every direction and a pretty good story I give this game a good 9.5/10.Why not a ten you ask because they don't give you the best weapon till the end and all you get to really use it on are skeletons.. but ya I highly recommend this game, its definitely a wild ride!"
,Recommended,233130,23282777,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,6lick_6lug_6lucker,"Pros:+ Surprisingly good story+ Good humor+ Satisfying gunplay & melee combat+ Good level design+ Plenty of weapons and upgradesCons:- Some frustrating enemies and sections- Dying from dashing on stairs- Boss fights are pretty similarShadow Warrior is a 2013 reboot of a 90s shooter of the same name made by 3D Realms.   I'm sure you already know that though.This game is pretty great, I recommend getting it, especially on sale since it goes for $3.99.  The story actually gets pretty engaging after a while and the characters actually start to develop, which comes as a surprise considering how much the gameplay moments take time over the actual story moments.  The gameplay is great with varied, fast, and satisfying gunplay with a really good melee component lying in the sword.My only real problems with it are the frustating deaths such as dashing down the stairs to your death or enemies that will shake the ground and slow your movement speed and make you lose control of your crosshair.  This is especially bothersome when fighting against large hordes of enemies and you can't fight back.  Thankfully this is counteracted by the addition of a quicksave feature that works in the middle of battles.Overall if you can put up with those frustrations late in the game, I highly recommend buying this game."
,Recommended,233130,23205141,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Annoying Orange,Nice gameplay i really love this damn lo wang (The charecter you are playing).You can play both with keyboard or with pc console.The best soundtracks in so many situations plus the ending soundtrack is so good Risen From The Ashes.It has Game Difficulty for you to choose.Finally it has a really cool/mystery/long story.Thanks For Reading <3
,Recommended,233130,27360088,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Schmuck Goblin,Sliced demons relentlessly without dying.Bunny rabbit demon killed me.10/10 would watch Wang wash wang again.
76561198111809945,Recommended,233130,27379841,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Enako,crazy game :))
,Recommended,233130,27248571,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Praxz,Amazing fast paced game but also slows down for some simple but challenging puzzles. 9/10
,Recommended,233130,27301374,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,caneyou,if you like samurai and guns. blood every where this game is for you hours of fun game play
76561197972070654,Recommended,233130,27087295,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wulfgar,feelsgood
,Recommended,233130,27041059,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,why,i like katana
,Recommended,233130,27047580,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Daddy,Best game ever
76561197988065947,Recommended,233130,27251536,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,starsgream,good game :)
,Recommended,233130,9636974,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,FranckyFox2468,"While SW2013 isn't the best modern day oldschool shooter today(especially now that doom 4 is on the market), it was definitly the best around its time. Likeable badass and hilarious protagonist, epic uprgradable weaponry, probably the best melee weapon in any FPS games i've seen, awesome music.If you like FPS games i think you definitly need to give this one a shot atleast once. (Althought don't expect much from the sequel... it pretty much took everything that made this one simple but great out the window...)"
76561198019238429,Recommended,233130,32105004,Posted: 1 June,all,Spiller,"Classic hack and slash game. Linear story and the monsters get repetitive but overall it's a fun game to play and if you play at least Hard setting you will probably find it somewhat challenging. I also enjoyed the dialogue/funny jokes between Lo Wang and Hoji. Solid performance but running on a 2016 built rig. Recommend to get it on sale, current price a bit high for a few years old game."
76561198061786965,Recommended,233130,32105291,Posted: 1 June,all,gromly,Where's Moriah?
76561198040855477,Recommended,233130,32094245,Posted: 31 May,all,Frency,"Shadow WarriorPros:1)Pleasurable graphics effects2)Pleasurable and evocative music3)Funny gameplay experience4)Enchanting areas5)(Some)Funny dialogues6)(Some)Epic boss fights7)Noteworthy game design8)Commendable gameplay mechanicsCons:1)(Slightly improvable)Route hintsPros explanation:1)The graphics effect are all well finished (solar beam, fire heat, blood and more), adding more realism to the scenery.2)I think that the music is perfectly coherent with the surroundings, emphasizing its exoticy.3)The gameplay experience has been very fun for me because, despite the mechanic is basically the same through all the game, the way it was presented to me everytime along with landscapes variety, plot development and much more, kept it original and stimulating on the overall.4)There are some areas where there are truly enchanting landscapes that recall the oriental world (especially the natural places).5)During the adventure there are tons of (mostly all unexpected) jokes that give an extra dose of entertainment and serve as well as ""downplaying"" tool (if we can call it that way).6)I personally found the boss fights pretty epic and I am sure that with a higher difficulty level (I played on the ""easy"" one) they can give even more satisfaction from victory.7)Every kind of enemy has been ""trimmed"" in detail: body structure, attacks, movements, reactions and much more. Same goes for the large variety of weapons as well as the ""inner self strenghtening section"" (evocative as well).8)The gameplay mechanic has been indeed well planned, because despite the game might seem to offer too many choices between all the weapons obtainable during the adventure, it ""forces"" you to use most of them, even if you might be tempted to use only the katana (at the start it might seem the easiest and best weapon to use). In this way howewer, nothing is wasted, but instead it's used with judgment and common sense based on the circumstances.Cons explanation:1)In some few - very few places it's not very easy to find the objective to reach (even though it is marked with a flashing orange aura).Final considerations:It's a game that I certainly recommend to anyone who loves the genre. It has a good plot, it's fluid, funny and original.Personal scoresGraphics9 / 10Plot8 / 10Gameplay9 / 10Sound8 / 10Music9 / 10Result8.6 / 10"
76561198236572680,Recommended,233130,32149249,Posted: 3 June,all,乡/MATT/乡,NICE GAME
76561198339267261,Recommended,233130,32167071,Posted: 3 June,all,Romanian Shitposter,"The best way to describe this game is Doom with an excellent melee system and a great sense of humor. Hacking through demons while Lo Wang spouts one liners is always good fun and the powers and upgrades make it to where the combat doesn't begin to feel stale. With a 16+ hour campaign, plenty of secrets to find and a new game plus feature, this game is well worth your money."
,Recommended,233130,27578786,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Adam Savages Butthole,Its fun
76561198318619003,Recommended,233130,32192379,Posted: 4 June,all,Boemroeke,"This game is a lot of fun.Does get repetitive, so I wouldn't recommend trying to finish the game in one sitting."
76561198075636753,Recommended,233130,32212606,Posted: 5 June,all,୧( ಠ Д ಠ )୨,Absoluteley love this game!!!!!!
76561198184098853,Recommended,233130,32209527,Posted: 5 June,all,Flash,"Didnt think the story will be so deep, anyway this game is definitely worth it"
,Recommended,233130,32203007,Posted: 5 June,all,Zockerx96,You actually can't stop playing it. So much better than the original and yes I played and liked all the other nineties shooters.
,Recommended,233130,7698714,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Beatle,Superb  Re-imagining.Timeless old-school gameplay
76561198001854882,Recommended,233130,2074509,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,Stranger,"If you like first person shooters you will love Shadow Warrior. It's got action, horror, humor, and insanely fun sword combat. This game contains some of the prettiest environments and level design I've ever seen in an FPS game, only surpassed by massive AAA titles like Bioshock Infinite. If you're looking for a great game that will keep you entertained, do yourself a favour and grab Shadow Warrior."
,Recommended,233130,6657239,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Cyrus,"I haven't had this much fun in an FPS game in a really long time,the combat is just absolutely fantastic whether you are swinging your sword or shooting your gunsThe best part I liked is that the abilities are activated with button-combinations reminiscent of old fighting games,they are simple,but it's a really nice and new feature,this should be a common practice in forthcoming FPS/TPS games with special abilitiesThe story is alright,nothing new there,it's certainly doesn't want to challenge Bioshock or Metro for example,but still,by the end it's a decent,enjoyable story...honestly before release,I was afraid that it will really suck,fortunately it did not.In terms of gameplay this is the best FPS of the year so far,it's not an epic story or a tutorial to a multiplayer game,it's a plain old-fashioned shooter with a nice modern touch,it is what a single player shooter should be,if you enjoyed the likes of Painkiller,Serious Sam,Bulletstorm or Hard Reset than this is a must have AAA quality game with half of the AAA pricetag,but triple the gore and dickjokes.P.S.:I've experienced no bugs,no crashes,nothing hindered my enjoyment of the game - I added this line in case of ppl starting to whine about the game being unplayable,it's not,check your rig,update drivers,do a defrag once in a while,etc."
76561198037833076,Recommended,233130,7670098,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Divinegigas,"Bst game out there, after  custards revenge obcourse!"
76561197975545313,Recommended,233130,7470120,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Mystic Mac,awesome slice and shoot 'em upwhy cant we have more treats like this one?
,Recommended,233130,7631010,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Redpool,"This game is amazing. It is what the new Painkiller and Duke Nukem could only dream of being. The perfect mix of old and new, with cheesy humour.BUY IT YOU MOTHERF*CKERS!"
76561198009453414,Recommended,233130,2574003,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,=10RUS=CTAKAH_200rp,"Любите ли вы олдскульные шутеры так, как люблю их я?=) Куча стволов в карманах. Надоело стрелять? Можно крошить демонов катаной! Конечно, от современных тенденций никуда в в довесок к арсеналу дядька Вонг получил еще и возможность пользоватся демоническими энергиями. Тоже неплохо вышло имхо. Плюс любимый еще со старых игр нож в  режиме ""подлянки"" =)))....Пока прошел 4 уровня. Продолжу как доиграю=)"
76561197990610661,Recommended,233130,7846028,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Catdog,90´s throwback FTW
76561198024176328,Recommended,233130,7846543,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Albertmus,"It's a fun game, but I really think it needs a coop mode. Besides that, it's a good game."
76561198097730111,Recommended,233130,7874125,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,BL00DBALLAD,The game is absolutely hilarious you guys need to try this out its like the perfect mix of the Serious Sam series mixed with Duke Nukem!
,Recommended,233130,7874483,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Glove MAGA,"Awesome throwback to old school FPS games.  Shadow Warrior is both visually impressive and a lot of fun.  The enemies, and enviroments are varied.  You have the typical guns but they have alt fires too, along with a badass sword so a pretty decent variety.Only bad part about this game was a little short (not that short though, definitely worth a replay eventually), and a few places where I would get framerate drops.  Overall Shadow Warrior is a great game and definitely worth a pick up if you can get it at the right price."
,Recommended,233130,7874629,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Apathy,"Shadow Warrior is a remake of an old school FPS Lo Wang: Shadow Warrior. Which as you can tell from the funny name was a very comedic game. Much in line with Duke Nukem.This remake brings back many of the same bad guys. A whole new story and very very polished design.Not so much character design. But the levels are BEAUTIFUL! And they are layed out very well.This game rewards exploration too. Many secrets to be found in all levels. Find them and you can level up Lo's skills, magic, and weapons.Killing enemies rewards your with Karma. These basically allow you to invest a skill point every ""level."" And the skill tree does have a lot of variety and utility.  Also in each level are Ki crystals. Finding these unlocks a point to spend in magical powers for Lo Wang. Using them to lift enemies into the air, heal or shield himself.  Weapons are very customizable too. All weapons have 3-4 unlocks/customizations to purchase by finding money in the levels.Most of the time i found myself using the Katana sword. For one its very satisfying to slash thru a mob of enemies. Slashing off arms, and heads. Slash a monsters legs and he will crawl around on the ground until you finish the job or until it bleeds out. Slash across the chest and you can find a demon heart to use against other demons. The slashing mechanic isn't exact. but it is very detailed and polished. If you aim for an enemies neck, 90% of the time you will behead them.There are many enemies to fight. From regular Yakuza thugs with SMG's to demons with claws, fire-casting staffs, and many mini-boss/lieutenant type enemies with special abilities to use in a group against you. And the boss battles are AWESOME.Enemies also adapt to how you play. If you are super aggressive, they will enter a kind of rage mode and up their damage against you. It depends on how to use your powers and techniques.There are tons of weapons to find in the course of the game. Revolvers, SMG's, crossbows.... It just gets better from there. The homage to the 90's PC genre is perfect.Aside from the comedic tones there is a very interesting, serious and well layed out story. Its often told thru narration and depicted in a great art styled cutscene as you play through the game. I don't want to give even the synopsis away because I did fully enjoy the story.I thought it would be a half-hearted remake in an attempt to rake in old Lo Wang fans for some loose change. But I was suprised to find a very FULL 16 Chapter game here. Detailed, non-repeatitive levels with adaptive and variative combat. Excellent design and visuals. Great sound, great dialogue - especially with the jokes in the game. The only things missing are a multiplayer feature and, something im always hard on games for, a new game + feature. One playthrough is not enough to unlock all abilities, weapon mods, and magic. It would have been a great service to the player to allow you to keep going for another round and enjoy your spoils from the first playthrough.Otherwise. Shadow Warrior is great. Its a single play through, but extremely enjoyable."
76561197972187361,Recommended,233130,7834146,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,[DE]Topperharly,"funny game, slicing and pewpew and loooooooooots of stuff to find. thats what i call a shooter!"
,Recommended,233130,7836498,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,[Soft_Talker] Dr. Nasty,"One of the most absolutely enjoyable games i've played in a long time. It is so nice to see a fantastic, old-school experience updated to the modern age and improved as well. A very nice and long campaign accompanies humor and gruesome sword-play to result in an amalgamation definitely worthy of your money. GET SOME WANG!"
,Recommended,233130,7837237,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Peng,"This is the greatest game ever made, give these people money."
,Recommended,233130,7840113,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Anidave,The best game this year 11/10. Would do the DEW
76561198040649061,Recommended,233130,7878786,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Kaisaisa,"This very slicy game really hits home, you know?  I really feel connected with the protagonist.  Probably because he is Lo Wang...!!!This is the very definition of modernising the shooters of yesteryear.  Back in the days of Doom, Duke Nukem and Wolfenstein; there was a little game featuring more Wang and Katanas.  This remake/reboot of Shadow Warrior is great.The various firearms and their respected modifications scream 1990s political un-correctness glory.  Gory glory too, because, by far, the best and most funnest weapon is the sword itself.The swordplay is full of the right contradictories, fun-technique and skillfull-slash happy.  Once you start learning how to utilise Chi, along with advanced sword attacks; it can be very hard to stop playing.Happily though, the game is an endurance by todays standards; a nice 10 hour kip.  Now don't expect much story, but what is there isn't merely a reason for progression.  It's quite entertaining, just like the many low-brow jokes and puns thrown around, but this isn't a game that takes itself seriously.Honestly, apart from the harbour/dock levels, the environments are quite varied and pleasant.  And there are loads of secret, hidden-away throwbacks to the original game too.The best bit, personally, isn't the actual game - but the Clean Up game that comes with it.  Nothing like RPing the poor janitor that has to clean up after you, you harlikan!If you're a fan of retro shooters, you'll definatly love Shadow Warrior '13.  If not, you'll stick get a good kick from it.Also, rabbits have lots of sex..."
,Recommended,233130,7883506,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Haxsaw,If you buy one game during the sale. Buy this one. BUY IT NOW! YOU GOT THE TOUCH!
76561198067182404,Recommended,233130,22832706,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Juggz,"Mhahaha i've missed the bad jokes and amazing gore of my childhood. This game and the rest of the 3D realms comprised most of my younger days. I can not put into word's how happy it makes me to hear my computer once again scream ""You wan som WAAAAANNNG"". Followed by the immediate decappition of a demon. Play this game now or forever regret your poor choice."
76561198010807802,Recommended,233130,22846727,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,SilverSkillet,"I saw this game on Sale, i loooked at it watched the trailers read a couple reviews decided, ""hey I'll give you a shot""The first mission was FUN! nothing quite as satifying as beheading your enemies! or cutting off and entire arm!Oh and the voice acting is great! pretty hilarious lines. Definitely reccomend the purchase! especially if on sale again!"
76561198071758124,Recommended,233130,17624049,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Dayman,Shurikens cut off limbs at the throwers will? 10/10. Also great game if you're looking to sit back and enjoy a day off of work.
76561198052831948,Recommended,233130,22737083,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Fremen-NL,"One of the best shooter / slashers, i have played in many, many years ! The engine is incredible ! Only wished the story was a little brighter."
,Recommended,233130,22703384,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Pillow,Basically what Team Ninja couldn't deliver with Ninja Gaiden 3.
,Recommended,233130,22826302,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Oroboro89,"This game is a love letter to virtually every fps ever made.It's colorful, action-packed, gory, fast-paced and most of all, fun. What's not to love?5/5"
,Recommended,233130,23029582,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,The Detective,"Paid $4, played for 13 hours on single playthrough.Superfun games, great dialogue, superb fighting. Can't wait for 2."
76561197979198921,Recommended,233130,23032463,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,uberfotze,"I love this game.  I don't have much time to play so I went with causal because I just wanted the story.  The story is great and the voice acting is amazing.  I love the old school rewards of looking under in the most obvious out of the way area and finding a secret.  Unlocking Katana skills was confusing and unimpressive until you used them.  For instance, you can channel you're Ki through the sword.  Okay, what is that, but I used that skill to pretty much dominate the game.  The scenery was beautiful, with so much thought put into the environment.  Everything is destructable and plays into the  bonuses for the level.  This is one of the only games I took the time to watch he end credits because I was so into the story.  I've played hundreds of games in my life, yes I'm old, but this is one of my favorites and I'll never forget how great it is.  Pick it up if you can."
76561198048329918,Recommended,233130,23048935,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,TheLordofAcorns,"The only way to describe this game is Over the top, the blood, the jokes, the fun, i laughed my ♥♥♥ off. Only complaint is that there is that every other weapon but the sword stays unlocked in new game plus, and chopping people to bits is where all the fun is at."
76561198084077667,Recommended,233130,23046575,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,TurdCarnival,"This game is AWESOME!  I like how the up-close combat with the sword is a viable weapon, often better than the guns/ranged approach to the fighting.  It's fast paced, gory, comical, over the top violence.  I highly recommend this game as long as you're okay with gratuitous amounts of blood and gore."
76561198093600620,Recommended,233130,23046889,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,yerroc00,"Had to write a review for this game, it is one of the best that I have played. It has a great story which is funny often, and a ton of brutal combat."
76561198065308303,Recommended,233130,23034573,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Alexiel Zero,"Here's the deal. I grew up with games like this. Serious Sam, Doom, Quake and Shadow Warrior. So this review WILL BE BIASEDI LOVE swarming FPS.The story of this game is pretty generic, it's a you get to save the world kind of thing, but to be honest it's not bad at all.  Lets face it, you probably won't buy this game for the story, all this game is about is slaughtering hordes of demons with the various weapons the game gives you.  Wang is a cheeky antihero and his puns either make you cringe or laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off, I love him. The best part is they kept the difficulty ramping old school, are you playing on the hardest difficulty? be preparted to die in a couple of hits, run out of ammo and slaughter even more demons.There aren't many FPS games with a decent old school single player campaign nowadays but THIS is one of them.GO BUY IT"
76561198144928999,Recommended,233130,23022601,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,emanuelhag0,"Pros:-Going BATSHIT CRAZY, slicing and shooting everything in your way-It's 90's games fun casual and funny at a lot of points.-It had these experimental choices which really made the game's systems pretty interesting. For example, the 'Tekken' kind of combos you needed to make to create an attack was cool and surprisingly simple.Cons:-It goes kind of boring at some time ):like, after 7 hours you're like 'man I want this to be over already'. The plot isn't too interesting, which is okay because it's a casual slice 'em open game, but it's not rewarding enough or interesting enough to go on more then a few hours.-The fighting system gets kind of boring at some point as well. It is amusing, and not that it's bad or something, it just gets, well, boring. In the end you find yourself with 2 major attacks that you can level up once and that's it. Actually, the 'Tekken' like combos you need to make to create was kind of experimentally cool, and I was kind of sad there weren't more attacks with a diversity of effects, or more insane upgrades to those attacks.-One more thing: The hidden secrets weren't hard enough. I really wanted to bust myself and figure it out but in the end it was just getting a key you'd get no matter what and just locating pretty easily the places. ))):My main problem with this game is that it gets boring pretty quickly, and a lot of people here said it as well ): but I hope they change it or modify it to make the gameplay and settings of the game less boring, because I really wanted the game to be more interesting!So play this game! Though I'd recommend buying it in the next sale, because of, well, what I said.GOODBYE"
,Recommended,233130,23042255,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Deftone,"Combat is great, story and level design kinda linear and the speed boost bug or falling damage bug is somewhat annoying.Besides that, great game to buy when it's on sale."
76561198004482076,Recommended,233130,23026138,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Mort,Love the hack and slash.Two thumbs up!
76561198039476246,Recommended,233130,23040399,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Cullenjackrat,Lot of wang jokes.
76561198040074470,Not Recommended,233130,13309675,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,welshrob,"Way overrated even at a 7 outta 10. Boring, immature, silly and repetitious. Lotsa of options if you like that sort of thing. Me? I don't want to double tap then tap again to do something. I'm a one click wonder. Does not hold the original Shadow Warrior's jock. Many say the original used low and racist humor. I say bunk to that. There was nothing in the original that made me think less of the orient...it just made me laugh. Glad I bought on super sale."
,Recommended,233130,13314115,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,romeo01,Great game. Highly recommended!! Tons of fun! ... and Katana!!!
,Recommended,233130,13314143,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Sanitry pad inspector,gud
76561198117814609,Recommended,233130,13299599,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,williamtkb,awesome
,Recommended,233130,13300390,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Knack 3: Rise of the Revenge,"This is one of the single best FPS games of all time, IMO second only to Bioshock Infinite. Although it is severely underrated by the snobby critics, it is an incredible experience that has innovated in the genre. Swordplay and gunplay along with some weird Tai-Chi magic-crap flow seamlessly together to create the most action packed experience for a gamer! Oh... and bunny sex... Can't forget the bunny sex..."
76561197965486276,Recommended,233130,13302129,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Doctor King Bikini,The original Shadow Warrior has a place in my heart as being the first game I ever played multi-player death match. It was some time in the early nintys. I was still in elementary school and I played on a lan at my friend's dad's office. This experience is always one that I will remember and so I was interested in this new game.I just beat the single player and I really enjoyed the game. Its fun to slash and cut demons into tiny pieces and get bonus points for tearing them into tiny bits. The sword stays a good weapon right up to the end. The other weapons have their place and utility. I enjoyed the story. If it was original then it is well thought out. Over all I recommend this game because it was a good 10+h single player with a lot of adult humor and things that are unique to the game. I don't like the lack of M-player. :)
,Recommended,233130,13303944,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Darkmourn,I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off a bunny who proceeded to become a badass rabbit and almost killed me10/10 would raise rabbits
,Recommended,233130,13604811,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,peenie,"I grew up on the Shadow Warriors, Bloods, Wolfs, and Dukes of the past, so this game is pretty goddamn awesome...BUT I'm really annoyed that I played through maybe 20% of the game and there is no save data in sight. Start new game, that's my option.I like this game a lot. It's got the action, the hyper-abilities, the extreme gore and atitude, but if I have to go through the opening scene every time I want to play I'm going to be upset.I saw the damned saved game icon.  Why do I have to start a ♥♥♥♥ng new game? ugh."
76561197979524174,Recommended,233130,13605589,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,The Worst Kind,I was looking for some holiday entertainment so I decided to buy Shadow Warrior based on the positive reviews and intrigue. I am not disappointed and enjoy playing the game. The game play and progression of enhancements makes for some good game play with a nice array of weapons that produce lots of gore and massive destruction.
,Recommended,233130,13606167,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,WAM182,I chopped a bunny up with my katana and it turned to a demon with death metal playing and it killed me.10/10 will chop again
76561198156896225,Recommended,233130,13606726,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,adambunny87,"games fun, characters an oriental duke nukem, fast gameplay fps, great perk and skill system. worth the £2.99 i paid in the sale any day"
76561198024621095,Recommended,233130,13608242,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,emkpro,"Very nice game, the sword fighting is especially nice & fun."
,Recommended,233130,22891802,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,< blank >,"I would definitely recommend this game, it is 9.5 dollars,but it is worth the money. I bought this game at a discount, but would have bought her without it.OK, now to the game itself, the game has a lot of blood, dismemberment, and most importantly it is a katana, you can choose from, the hack of a katana enemies or shoot them with different weapons in Shadow warrior there is the magic, or rather Ki energy. The story of the game can not say anything, it is very simple."
76561198296998553,Recommended,233130,22892983,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,OG.MI$TER,Its just a really great and well made game!
,Recommended,233130,22927099,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,vac ban,"Slice, shot, run, repeat :D"
,Recommended,233130,23024214,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,goldo413,Great game love it
76561198156720363,Recommended,233130,23088969,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,DopePopeNoScope,This game has more Wang than you can handle.
,Recommended,233130,23051516,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,mej35ch,"Wow, expected less than I got! Graphics are awsome, story is gr8, controller is supported!"
,Recommended,233130,24224150,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Memes Ruined My Life,Pros:-Funny protagonists-Lots of gore-Extremely good gameplay with good balance between swordplay and gunplay-Good longevity-Lots of easter eggs and references to the original game-Decent Graphics-Friggin' katanasCons-Not particularly well written story but good enough to keep you entartained from beginning to end-The fight against the human sized boss was pretty easy and underwhelming-Too many reused puzzles8.5/10: Would wang again
76561198007108662,Recommended,233130,24366937,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Locos Frijoles,Bought it for the price of a movie ticket (R50/$3ish) on sale. Would have happily paid full price had I known this game is amazing.
,Not Recommended,233130,24376288,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,try2bcool69,"There is something about this game that gives me headaches and nausea, starting at the title screen.There is some almost imperceptable jerkiness to the counter-rotating image in the background that instantly triggers it, then, it is further compounded by the overly exaggerated head-bob (that there is no option to turn off) in-game.The hour I have managed to sweat my way through, was pretty fun (and ridiculously bloody, in a cool way!), I just can't finish it when there are so many other games out here that don't affect me this way.Apparently, this game is a problem for quite a few others out there, so it's not just me.If things like this don't affect you, go for it, but I cannot recommend."
76561197970663385,Recommended,233130,24355930,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,7strbass,Awesome old school fps.  Great melee/sword mechanics.  This game was over too soon.
,Recommended,233130,24309668,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Sevarack,Bioshock boi is on meh hip as i use used heads to boom pow other heads and then use da heart of my enemies to blow them up!Also big♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that cums fireworks ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,233130,24276903,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Ruby,"Specifically recommending if you like arena-based shooters/slashersWhile the start is fairly plain, once the story starts getting revealed, the game becomes a bit more enjoyable.The constant jump around in a circle, slashing things, over and over,can and will be boring and unfun, by roughly half way through the game, but the story isjustworth sticking around for."
,Recommended,233130,24285598,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Fry_rice123,This game is good clean fun. 7/10
76561198021209047,Recommended,233130,24280768,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Caramel_Clown,"Pros:-Fast paced-Straightforward level design-Good weapon choice(can't beat quad barrelled shotgun)-Katana-Satisfying feel to combat-Gore-Variety of tactics and weapon/ability combinations-Blood-Lots of blood-'The Touch' by Stan Bush in the intro-Badass protagonist-Good one-liners-Goofy humor-Doesn't take itself too seriously-Fortune cookies-Surprisingly fun and memorable charactersCons:-It's a bit too long, gets slightly repetitive-Looks alright, nothing spectacular-WHY DOES IT TAKE THEM SO LONG FOR A SEQUEL?"
,Recommended,233130,24281288,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,kompjutermajstor,good game for linux
,Recommended,233130,23216121,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,YoFriendlyNeighbahoodDictata,"Quick note:I updated the review, because it was a complete mess before. It is still pretty opinionated and I expect many people not agreeing with me here. Previously I gave it a negative rating(thumbs down), but for this edit - changed it, seeing as the game isn't unplayable or broken. For the rest, read below.Shadow Warrioris pretty boring, to be honest.In short:Shadow Warrioris a game filled with jokes, puns and references. The humour is there and manages to not become stale. The graphics are nice with colourful visuals. The setting is decent. Gameplay is fluid and the skill/upgrade system is spot on. You will become and feel more powerful as you play.However, it all gets tired pretty quickly.The sword/gunplay is solid, allowing some nice mutilation, but due to the enemies being bullet sponges, weapons feel more like peashooters. This makesShadow Warriorquickly become tedious and a chore to play.As for the story... what story?Yes, there is a plot here and yes, I never paid attention to it. I'm not attempting for professionalism with this particular review and going intoShadow Warrior, I wasn't looking for a compelling story.I haven't grown up with the original game!Fans may like this one too, I personally don't that much. This is more the opinion of a casual gamer and not that of a hardcoreShadow Warriorfan!You may like it, you may not, but in the end it is a definite try, before you buy!"
,Recommended,233130,24260753,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Gu!do,"Really good and fast gameplay. Sometimes too much enemys (annoyed me sometimes) but still great fights. Story was really good too. I didnt get all of it, but most of it is pretty easy to understand. The Japanese world is beautiful! Just buy it. Even if its only too look at the world this game is located in!"
,Recommended,233130,24272339,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Zeno,YES
76561198001955352,Recommended,233130,24141318,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Oz,amazing game 10/10
,Recommended,233130,24140517,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Merim,"Coming from a guy that has played the original Shadow Warrior, this is very beautiful. The soundtrack, the story, the action. Though there were a moment it gets emotional. The overall gameplay is great and I recommend buying this.Lo Wang knows how to take down his enemies with a bang!"
,Recommended,233130,20681206,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,CaMpeR [REBORN],"Just finished the story and i have to say, This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece. Story is pretty awesome and at the end i almost cried, i wasn't expecting that much from the screenshots but now this game is in my top 3 (in story based games)+Weapon/Melee combat system is awesome.+Story is awesome.+Graphics and environment design is outstanding. *played with medium graphics but still*+Sounds and physics are satisfying.+Funny dialogues and easter eggs.+Finished in 14 hours but i was looking for every place to find easter eggs, so you'll finish it about 10+ hours and that's pretty long gameplay time.-Boss battles are pretty much same.-Some bugs. (Not gamebreaking but sometimes you can stuck somewhere so use f5 and save your game before trying anything, especially if you want to look for secrets and easter eggs)-Main character looks like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Summary: Play this game before dying."
,Recommended,233130,8357798,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,[GND] Jester,"Shadow Warrior offers fun, versatile gameplay mechanics, interesting style, and some degree of exploration.  It's a good renovation, having the pace of an old school shooter with more modern mechanics, and none of the clunkiness. It is one of the most fluid action games ever along with Dishonored, but with more complex mechanics somewhat resembling Dark Messiah: Of Might and Magic.  It does get repetitive though.  Get it on a sale."
76561197990727859,Recommended,233130,20204818,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Cnote_101,"Only an hour into it but its fun, funny, beautiful to look at, and the story seems to be developing nicely.  Oh, and I'm bathed in blood, #WhoNeedsGuns???"
76561198084287018,Recommended,233130,20200243,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Virus,is gud
,Recommended,233130,20269380,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,It's not gay if you say no homo,Fast-paced shooter + hack and slash some demons = would  slay again 10/10
,Recommended,233130,13523086,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Dr. Zepsuj,Pure slaughter ;) for £2.99 on steam sale it is steal ! I loved it !
76561198163270494,Recommended,233130,13523357,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,pulex,"Carnage with a katana, FPS style. Any other questions?"
,Recommended,233130,13523380,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Tezrial,This game is fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,233130,13523411,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Me And My Little Broken Ass,♥♥♥♥♥♥awsome!Pick ur mouse up and cut EVERYTHING!
76561198025376884,Recommended,233130,21887408,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Modern Prometheus,"For less than 3 dollars, this is one of the best AAA games you can ever play and have lots of fun in this amazing game, varying from good gameplay, gore, achievements, decent story and more!"
,Recommended,233130,21899613,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Assriel,"This game is fricking hilarious, especially when you kill rabbits.This game is recommanded to play with the dlc ""Shadow warrior: Saints Row IV penetrator"" and go all over the place and punch them in their faces."
76561198181442837,Recommended,233130,21895464,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,CraftyScallywag,Very Fun Game
,Recommended,233130,21879491,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Galahad,Ths game reminded me of a samurai version of Doom. Would recommend.
76561198032095857,Recommended,233130,21877855,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Stingrayita,"Just get this game, do it.Best butchering simulator ever made.Also very nice story indeed,10/10 would wang again"
,Recommended,233130,21877898,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,OhioMan,"I must admit,this game is really really good. The gameplay,controls and overall graphics are really solid. Well worth 3.99."
,Recommended,233130,21863086,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Gargaj,Classic chaotic shooter in all its bonecrunching fleshtearing beauty.
,Recommended,233130,21861837,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Jeepin' Jake,"For 4 dollars which is what I picked this bad boy up for on sale this is the most fun per dollar game I've ever played at that price! It's gory (like oceans of blood) , It's funny and the storyline isn't boring me to death, so I give this game a 8/10 for overall fun and a solid thumbs up. If it wasn't on sale still a good buy, but definetly a game worth waiting for a sale, just throw it on that wishlist and steam should message you when its on sale."
,Recommended,233130,21828145,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Kenguy,"Wish more games had combat anywhere near as good as this. Only complaint was a few chapters felt like they dragged on and/or were unnecessary to the plot, but otherwise an amazing game."
76561197962031086,Recommended,233130,8235535,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Naka,"Nice old-school styled game with some ""new-school"" features!"
,Recommended,233130,21810735,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Nyxaveria │ 🅽🆈🆇,"This game released on 2013. Why the f no one telling me this Masterpiece Exist !?.  Btw, Dont look at my gameplay time, i play it mostly on offline. I rate 10/10."
76561198131314067,Recommended,233130,25216796,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,skramer94,"This game is one of the better FPS games I've played in a while. I've always prefered single player games over multiplayer games, and Shadow Warrior combines old and new shooter elements. The combat feels great, all the guns have their purposes and uses (except the flamethrower and the cross bow, I rarely used them), and the melee combat also feels excellent. The story isn't the best out there, but it's merely a driving force for the fun gameplay. Also, there are actual boss fights, which is great to see after so many FPS's completely do away with boss fights. The only negative thing I could say is that it is kind of too long. After a while I started to seriously wonder when it was going to end. I think I felt this way because the game stopped introducing new enemy types but the game just kept on going, and the combat never got anymore variety. Still, it's excellent FPS and really worth playing."
76561198033665841,Recommended,233130,25126206,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,isaiahthewookie,"Doom + Katana = Yes Please.This game is fun. i just got it on the super cheap, like 5 bucks. why would i pass that up?♥♥♥♥♥♥id pay full price for it now that i realize how great it is.Either A, youtube where all the hidden goodies are and ""cheat"" to find them, or put on your wadders and get exploring, for a FPS, there is a good deal of looking around you have to do to find money, secrets, power ups, ect.Great, fun weapons, but at the end of the day, it seems the sword is my go to 90% of the time. the crossbow sticky bombs are super useful. but yeah.. fun game. cant wait for part 2. i hope it gets the credit it deserves."
,Recommended,233130,20349109,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Khanites,"Love blood and guts?Love ripping your way through enemies, tearing their limbs off?This is the game for you!Its filled with humour, easter eggs and PURE FUN!"
76561198009489901,Recommended,233130,20349789,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,PsycloneTread,"Bought on an impulse during the winter sale. Splendid graphics, enough blood and gore to satisfy your needs on virtual violence, and a new Lo Wang full of awesome one-liners. All in all, a fun game to indulge yourself into."
,Recommended,233130,20324880,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Liminal,7/10Needs more Wang
76561198116552528,Recommended,233130,20340775,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,BucketHead,"Great game, not the average shooter, looks great, runs great, feels great. This is honestly a shooter that I think not a lot of people are going to play but it's one that should be. I'd even say it's better than the new wolfenstein."
76561198015804326,Recommended,233130,20474836,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Bravo 3,"Good times with Wang.A worthy remake of the classic 3D Realms shooter.Smooth, bug free gameplay, beautiful visuals and a nice long campaign with an interesting narrative.Theres also skill developement, weapon upgrades and special key-combo attacks and spells, which make this one of the most intense and variable single player shooters I have ever played.Can only recommend."
76561197991702942,Recommended,233130,20465593,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,ManStapler,"Play as Wang, hear about wang a lot. Great game though. The time I have played is the time that it took me to complete it  (half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ without going for perfect scores and all secrets), so the game also has plenty of content."
,Recommended,233130,30678845,Posted: 22 March,all,Borttox,"When I was bored and costantly felt let down by FPS games, trhis gem hit me with such fun nostalgia.10/10"
76561198043626019,Recommended,233130,20516398,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Keekabeeks,"Took a walk in the woods while killing some demons, saw some very frisky rabbits. I decided to do the ecologically minded thing and help prevent rabbit overpopulation.  Without warning I was suddenly fighting for my life against a monstrous evil revenge-a-rabbit.10/10 would totally die for the environment again."
76561198054429663,Recommended,233130,20497637,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Exterminator,this is some pretty good chinese action here. using different powers & weapons as a samurai warrior. it kinda reminds me of using the force in star wars. like weirding a lightsaber & using force push & force heal. the force is strong with lo wang.
,Recommended,233130,20478930,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,run like dog,Racism done right.
,Recommended,233130,20485879,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Martinlo,"Follow the adventures of some random Chinese assassin, who is very aware of what his name could mean. Cut people and demons up with a katana sword. Try to shoot people, fail, go back to katana. Blood, guts and explosions everywhere! Enjoy a good story. Finish game, wait for Shadow warrior 2. What's there not to like?"
,Recommended,233130,20380988,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Denko,"Gore, cool swords, special attacks, cheesy dialogue and some repetitive gameplay.Also you can swap your sword for the purple♥♥♥♥♥♥♥from saint's row.2 million dollars / 10"
76561198082581050,Recommended,233130,20353112,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,got rekt m8,"nobody messes with wang... if you love to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up with funny asian - american commentary, this is the game for you"
76561198120568276,Recommended,233130,20353114,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,IcInevitableConsequence,"*******************************Potential spoilers***********************You got the touch!  You got the power! when all hells breaking loose, youll be riding the eye of the storm, You got the touch.The touvh to kill massive amounts of demon that stand in the way of Lo Wang and his mission to find the nobitsukaga or something like that. Lo Wang is hilarious and right from the word go, this game has it all. The fighting starts off pretty easy hack and slash, but it gets progressiveley more difficult even on medium. It is similar to all other fps plus samurai type hack in slash crossbow, yet so different with  a touch of furturistic tech in a sense. This game is lacking in the ability to make choices in the story line. yet has a whole upgrade system built around  a really good system.overall -- a great game"
76561198113437174,Recommended,233130,20392070,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,BrianL,"This game really brought me back to the old days just me and an epic adventure. It has good game pad support, fun gameplay and it's got a great sense of humor. It is shortish great by todays standards but new game+ does extend the replayability for me at least if's it's on sale don't pass it up and even if it's not consider it."
76561197960478437,Recommended,233130,20391006,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Dumaw,"I love this series! Swear to God, every once in a while I would remember some Lo Wang quotes from the first Shadow Warrior, the classic one, from when I used to play it ages ago.Then this Christmas I was looking at Steam and saw this ""Shadow Warrior"". I was like ""what?? is this THE shadow warrior??""And it is, Lo Wang is back baby, and it freaking kick♥♥♥♥♥!Awesome game! Totally worth it!"
,Not Recommended,233130,20391400,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,SuiChoy,"This seemed like a really fun sword-fighting game but I wasn't able to play it due to the immense amount of headbob built into the game. I don't have major motion-sickness issues but it was just unbearable in this game. Unfortunately, you cannot turn off the headbob, apparently because doing so will cause model clipping issues. Just a heads up, but if this does not bother you, the game seems promising."
76561198155789857,Recommended,233130,20368418,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,brucekjeff55,"9/10Loved this game. Loved the story and the gameplay.Not a lot of different enemies but still awesome, bloody, over the top combat with epic boss battles. Funny banter between the two characters you play as and great story progression for the main characters."
,Recommended,233130,20368507,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,TrumpKingsly,"This game is really, really fun to play. Here are some descriptors to get you started:1. Arcadey gunplay2. Surprisingly complex swordplay (special moves)3. Lazy humor4. Saturday-morning-cartoon story5. Looks like lower-fidelity Crysis6. Arcadey game structure (fight a room full of bad guys, move to next room, fight a new set of bad guys)7. Easter Eggs hit the nostalgia but really hard8. Health regen is a special move, not automatic9. Some incredibly ball-crushingly, ovary-smashingly annoying enemies (brute you can only kill from behind, walking proximity mines that appear in WAY too many games)Try it out. You'll probably have fun."
76561198085636608,Recommended,233130,20376805,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,TomKevanBruce,"This is a quality game.  It has a robust single player campaign that will last a good 15 plus hours.  The story is solid, and Lo Wang is quite the likable badass.  The gameplay is pretty tight, following the arena fighter formula that's been established for so long.  The weapons feel properly lethal, and melee combat with the sword is exceptionally gratifying.  The boss fights are all quite epic in scale and all equally fun.  There are a few flaws; the dynamic lighting in this game is straight-up garbage, there are a couple of levels near the end of the game that just aren't fun in that they're very long, difficult to navigate and harder than they need to be, and if you look hard enough, you'll find a fair number of environmental bugs such as clipping invisible objects or falling through the world.  There's also no multiplayer, which is really this game's biggest flaw because co-oping the story would be a hell of a lot of fun and these types of games just scream for a death-match mode.  But at the same time, I feel like this is still a budget title that is masquerading as a AAA title.  Flying Wild Hog really put a lot of care polishing this game and making it feel like what Duke Nukem Forever should have been.  I'd recommend this game to anybody without reservation."
,Recommended,233130,20215541,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Let's build a wall,"Seemed like a very good game, however it crashed way too much for it to be worth (running Linux). Returned it after an hour of playing."
,Recommended,233130,20595205,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,The British Monkey,"Nice and long and just hard enough, enjoyable until the end and makes you want to come again.The game is pretty good too, lots of fun using the sword."
,Recommended,233130,20595777,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Meliurwen Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ,"The developers has been able to combine beauty, blood, humorism, trash, references to videogames industry (like Hard Reset, Hotline Miami, Serious Sam, Shadow Warrior Classic, etc...) and pop culture (Monty Python's Killer Rabbit, Kubrick's 2001, Angry Birds, Taxi Driver, anime, etc...) in a single work of art."
76561198099150228,Recommended,233130,20613672,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Mr Safari,Honestly one of the best games i've ever played
76561198089108010,Recommended,233130,20522263,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Sniper Crabs,you've got the touch.... YOU'VE GOT THE POWWAAAAAAA!!
,Recommended,233130,20565110,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,DarkOrion11,"7/10Decent gameplay, good graphics, good story (also the ending is good) and nice humour style. I recommend this game when its on sale."
76561198094914271,Recommended,233130,20532892,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Mentality,Watching the trailer pretty much explains the whole game.
,Recommended,233130,20532999,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,lukenice34,It's like watching a documentary about two rabbits doinking.10/10 would listen to dad and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes again
76561198024624155,Recommended,233130,30680416,Posted: 22 March,all,Podunk Noname,"Early bird gets the worm, Second mouse gets the cheese."
76561198096483315,Recommended,233130,20575307,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,KuroNeko,Great game couldn't stop playing.
,Recommended,233130,20013647,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Jesse,REALLY GOOD
76561197981141033,Recommended,233130,20044716,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,davis123877,This game is a lot of fun. Slaying demons is very satisfying.
76561198054129533,Recommended,233130,20036357,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,RayRed93,The plot was not very interesting but I played nicely ;)
76561198082365758,Recommended,233130,20007284,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,viidakko-ville,"It has the same fun factor as original, even more blood and bad♥♥♥♥♥weaponry. The plot is passable, but it for sure isn't the reason you play this game."
76561198036485396,Recommended,233130,20103040,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Fat_Shaft,"This is a review after only completeing the fisrt chapter!I wanted to write this after my first impression with a game that I had no idea what to expect.I must say that I was REALLY surprised at how solid this game plays overall, and that If you are into samurais  or Japanese culture of any kind this game is made for you.Just a few Pros-Solid Controls, good hit detection, and key binding-NOT just a hack n slash, lots of diffrent moves to unlock with a story and cut scenes-Graphics are solid, not over the top but good, So you don't need anything top of the line to enjoy smooth 60 FPS"
,Recommended,233130,19816170,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Solid,This game shows the true power of Wang.
76561198141376588,Recommended,233130,19814175,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Mephiston,dont interrupt the bunnies. i gave you fair warning.
,Recommended,233130,19821773,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Kiror,Who wants some Wang?
,Recommended,233130,19889088,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Syphr54,A no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t first person hack and slash shooter. The best game there is if you want to make a gory mess and relive the 90's.
,Recommended,233130,19867650,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Malek T,Just one expression.... BAD♥♥♥♥♥GAME OF ALL TIME !!*Awesome Graphics*Gameplay is Fun where you get to murder demons and sh*t*Atmosphere is great*Wang Jokes*And Good Storyline :D10/10 Malek T is Appealed by this Game... i mean A fantastic work of art !!
,Recommended,233130,19992259,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,gorkem.karahan,Fantastic...
,Recommended,233130,19962365,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Maxmetpt,"This is a blast to play! Having played Hard Reset, I can say that Shadow Warrior has a similar approach, but, with a far more visceral combat, cutting demons left and right, with lots of blood and parts flying around.It's really awesome! The starting weapons are rather overwhelming, but you'll get much more fun ones about 3 or 4 levels in.My personal favorite, as usual, is the bolt weapon. There's something really satisfying about impaling enemies in a bolt, pinning them against a wall and watching their members jiggle... Heh.The Katana is also pretty great! You have directional attacks, and the dismemberment is really precise as well.The levels are rather long, usually in the range of 40minutes to 1 hour. Still, you can Save at any time, so it's fine.Lots of secrets and easter eggs to look for as well, many of them being throw-backs to the original Shadow Warriors. ... It alsofeatures a demonic Monty Python rabbit.. That can only enchance a game. Every game.You'll be able to upgrade weapons and other special abilities, altough the upgrade system didn't seem particularly good, to me. Not that it's very important, anyway! The weapons don't start out bad, waiting for you to upgrade. Usually you upgrade to get additional forms of attack and whatnot, so it's fine.The only thing that I didn't like at all wasoneaspect of the boss fights. They were really cool, usually multi-phase fights, where you fight enormous bosses, focusing on destroying a certain piece of armor, and then damaging it. They were really huge, which is awesome!The problem is simply that, after you destroy a piece of armor, you need to focus on it's weak point. But, even in their ""down"" state, the bosses still move and attack, and often even block their weak point! Meaning that, even if you try to hit it, you'll often miss. Not to mention that those hitboxes are very weird, often not registering what seems a valid shot... So yeah. That's annoying!After a couple of seconds, the armor regenerates 100%, so you'll have to go through the same old song n' dance of shooting armor, and then missing the weak point miserably... It's infuriating. But other than that, the bosses were well designed and satisfying! Just he implementation that left a bit to be desired.Two possible solutions are: instead of time before regenerating, perhaps a damage counter would work -- although it's rather artificial... the boss could be down for much longer (a balance of the two, perhaps?); the other one, which I prefer, would be not to regenerate the whole armor. It could come back, but it would take significantly less damage before breaking -- this would accelerate the fight, and not in a bad way, I'd say.The other thing I'll mention is how some of the encounters felt really unfair! For the most part, the difficulty was great! I played the whole game in Hard Mode and, while challenging, it didn't feel frustrating. There were perhaps 3 or 4 encounters that threw too much at the player, especially the biggers, invulnerable enemies that you need to focus on a specific point/strategy to beat -- throw a few of them, and it's infurating, as you can't really focus on anything in particular. Especially in closed spaces, where you can't even maneuvre. But again, that rarely happened, so it's all good!I almost forgot to mention: it's looks really, really good! The lighting effects are pretty nice, but what was very impressive was the mirroring effects. Water can reflect the game's environment, and there are also lots of crystal/glass effects that distort it -- it looks really awesome! Performance was good (solid 60fps) with the exception of fights with lots of dismembered enemies, where the physics could slow it down a bit.Other than that, it has additional modes, including survival, new game plus, and an hardcore mode where you can't save, with a much higher difficulty.There are 4 difficulty modes (+ plus harcore), with Insane above Hard. One minor complaint is that you can only do NewGame+ on the same difficulty that you've beaten the game with. So, having beaten the game on Hard, I can't start on Insane. I'm not sure if NewGame+ scales the difficulty up. Usually, I like to beat game on a difficulty, and do NG+ above that, to somewhat balance things.But hey, all in all, Shadow Warrior is a really awesome FPS. Not much in the way of story, although it does have one, compensated by one of the most satisfying FPS gameplay around. Lots of cutting and exploding!I'd say I prefer Hard Reset's aesthetic -- and, to a degree, I really like the feel of its, althoughs it's more metallic pieces flying around than ... you know, flesh -- but they both excell at arena shooting, and certainly both achieve an almost perfect feel in 2 vastly different worlds. Definitely get both, if you like FPS!"
,Recommended,233130,19926642,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,(• ε •),"Run around magnificently rendered stereotyped Asian settings as a complete A-hole while slaughtering poor, defenceless demons with a katana in a desperate bid to find every fortune cookie -- ""A Wang in the hand is worth two in the bush."""
,Recommended,233130,19972189,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,xs2reality,"It takes balls to use a song from the original Transformers movie in your game and trailer and that's exactly what this game is about. Big bloody balls.Hoji and Lo Wang are like Tyrion and Bronn. Humor so bad, it's kinda good.A couple of bucks for a fun no-brainer hack 'n slash game? Bring it on!"
,Recommended,233130,19951750,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,sexy woman,If Michael Bay made Skyrim
,Recommended,233130,19927468,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Matt is Hat,"My friend said this game was bad.No one noticed he was gone the next day...You can say I ""Lo-Wanged"" him up! HA WHAT A KNEE SLAPPER!"
76561198027512016,Recommended,233130,19929250,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Belial In Hell,"Awesome Game, the most legal fun you can have with a sword.. It contains all the things I love in a game, including 'Metal, Tons of Blood, Demons, and Lo Wang's car is a Z'.. It took me ages to find out bout this game but I am very glad I did. Just started my second play through, on hard this time.  One major surprise were the bunnies,, they look so cute until you carve them up.. 10 out 10 wangs for this one.."
,Recommended,233130,19899139,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,\tg/ World Peace,"Shadow Warrior is probably the best game that I've ever bought for $4.99, which is a very high compliment.  It's a fun single player fps with a heavy emphasis on sword play.The game looks pretty good, both the scenery and the characters.  It uses animated comics to flesh out the backstory, which are stylish with good narratives.  Combat is very visceral, with enemies frequently exploding, immolating, or being chopped to bits.  Humor is peppered throughout most levels, courtesy of scattered fortune cookies and banter between main character Lo Wang and his demon sidekick Hoji.  The pair have good chemistry and their conversations do a great job of filling in breaks in the action.Although the combat is good it does get repetitive at times.  You get seven weapons, but only two are really worth using.  The game does not do a good job of explaining its mechanics, including some important points like how to maximize karma bonuses when killing enemies.  You also have no way of respeccing, so a terrible build can make a higher difficulty playthrough almost impossible to finish.  Fortunately there are good guides and videos available on Steam and elsewhere.Shadow Warrior's merits vastly outweigh its flaws.  It's a good buy at regular price and when it's marked down there is no reason not to pick it up."
,Recommended,233130,19921017,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Jim,Fortune Cookie Simulator 201310/10
76561197978608800,Recommended,233130,7347945,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,johnsoul4444,Great Fun!
,Recommended,233130,21179427,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Ren,"this game...1 room,10 lockersmind:we GONNA GET RICH BOI*opens 1st locker* nothing*opens sec locker*nothing.continues to open all the lockers...NOTHINGbest money collecting simulator10/10 will get trolled agn!"
76561198182323949,Recommended,233130,24419094,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,محارب Yellow Panther,I've been playing for almost two hours and I can say this..... THIS GAME IS AMAZING AF!!!!!
,Recommended,233130,24468221,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,DM_effin_B,"Gameplay is decent but gets pretty repetitive over time. I played it on the 2nd to highest difficulty level and came across some issues with progressing here and there but overall was not an incredibly hard experience. It is battle after battle which consists of a lot of healing and a lot of kill the little guys while dodging the big guy that is trying to ruin you. The gun play is decent and ammo can be decently scarce at times until you get the perks that enable finding a little more. There is a decent variety of weapons that fall in line with your typical 'Doom'ish type shooterYou can think of this game as the ID version of Duke Nukem. It has a wise cracking protagonist with some super powers. The things he says in gameplay are funny for a while but then just become the same lines repeated over and over again. Can't really fault them as having a unique line for every encounter would be a pretty big undertaking. There are good back and forth commentaries here and there between you and the demon? that tags along with you throughout pretty much the entirity of the game.As far as the story goes, I found myself not paying a lot of attention. Part of this is because I had a gap in gameplay time but it isn't like me to just shrug the story off and finish the game without being into what actually happens to the characters.Overall, I'm glad I played and will be getting the sequel when it comes out. If you are into fast paced FPS games with some mindless shooting and mature content in it, then this will be for you."
,Recommended,233130,24463200,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Coen White,Yet another great game by Devolver. This game would be an instant recomendation for those who liked their Serious Sam games but want to cut people up with a sword.
,Recommended,233130,30831367,Posted: 30 March,all,✪ ICE BEAR,great m8 10/10
,Recommended,233130,24689504,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Emissary Vex,This game was WAY better than I expected it to be. It's too bad the same developers didn't get to remake Duke Nukem.
76561197972472227,Recommended,233130,24683114,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Habble,"Beautiful 90s-esque shooter. It is oprtimized and the gameplay customizability is near-perfect. There are a few drawbacks, falling into some of the ugly FPS tropes:-The puzzles are just key-finding missions.-There was, at least once, a shooting-gallery mission.-Over-the-top, tasteless dialogue that goes on way too long -- it's not as bad as Duke Nukem Forever, but it's enough to spark flashbacks to that catastrophe. I understand that this entire francise is a satire of martial art movies, but less dialogue would certainly make this a better game.-The level design is difficult to navigate at times -- especially for completionists -- as the level junctions have a tendency to bottleneck the player. Finding secrets feels like more of a task of patience than a task of exploration, if I may contrast this with the Serious Sam series.-Circle strafe boss battles.Here is it's best features, in my opinion -- features good enough to overlook the unatractive features that I presented:-The combat system is unique. It appears to be a modest nod to the Mortal Kombat combat system.-Its shooting mechanics are very precise. It, at times, makes the game difficult, but it is so rewarding when you do well.-The game has a judging system on how you perform and execute your attacks on hoards of enemies -- I have not yet figured it out, but it is a fun feature.-The katana is just amazing. It's so much fun mowing down enemies with the sword. I have played very few games that can match the excitement of the sword mechanic that this game yields.For an FPS, the combat system is pretty good. If you're not one to enjoy hack-and-slash tasks against hoardes upon hoardes of enemies, this game might not be for you. Although this doesn't have the exact same feel as, say, Doom or Serious Sam, it definitely contains its spirit. If you were one to grow up to enjoy those titles, I definitely recommend this title to you."
,Recommended,233130,24671112,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,The Chicken Connoisseur,Great game with a suprisingly good story filled with humor and some of the best swordplay in gaming people say it can get a little repetative but it fun to just go on every now and then to have a good time also the graphics are great for a game that came out almost 3 years ago 9/10 definately would recommend this game especially when its on sale for only £3 !
,Recommended,233130,7302746,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,pH. mmSNAKE,"--""How's that for kung-fu fighting you chicken♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;--Unfortunately the old Lo Wang is not present anymore and was replaced with more ""politically correct"" version. This game is an attempt to reboot an old cult classic FPS of the same name released in 1997. It would be difficult to not compare this game to the original, in some cases it's unfair but again it does bare the same name and attempt at persona. In any case this game is not a good reboot if you wanted a copy pasted Shadow Warrior classic with better graphics but this game on it's own stands erect (pun intended), bloody and fun.To get this right out of the way, the level design does not compare to what it was in the old game. Levels are not puzzles and enemy placement is not important since they spawn on the mark. No hunting key cards, no old school secrets (though there are secrets and some are damn hard to find). You won't find a gun early in a secret or anything like that, but you will find useful tidbits you need.This game is a lot like Hard Reset in terms of it's difficulty (though not quite as difficult for reason I'll explain in a bit) and enemy encounter procedure. The levels themselvs are much more open than in Hard Reset, and you can duck.The Lo Wang persona while funny at times, is no where near as amusing as the old one. This is down to personal preferecnce and humor taste, but generally they tried not to poke fun of anime and kung fu films like they did before (which people interpreted as racism). In turn you will get plenty of wang jokes, and some are rather witty. The story is not worth mentioning, it's bad and the end portion is so different than the rest of the game that it deters from experience.So why am I recommending this game. Simple enough the core gameplay of this game is absolutely fantastic. Game puts immense emphasis on swordplay. Your basic first weapon is so goddamn good you can do 90% of the game with it. This removes the issue Hard Reset had with the upgrading system. Here right from the bat you know your sword kicks♥♥♥♥♥ and investing in your sword will make you kick♥♥♥♥♥a lot more. Not saying the guns aren't good, they definately are useful but on harder difficulties it requires head shots and such, which can be difficult due to a lot of screen shake, blur and other effects. Guns perform well enough but don't expect to mince everything in sight Brutal Doom style (unless using your sword).The game borrows the dodge mechanic from Unreal Tournament games, which combined with the katana slicing is freaking awesome. Responsive dodging with precision of yout sword is one hell of a way to send ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s to hell.Like Hard Reset you also have upgrade system. Here you have three different sections of upgrade. Guns, passive skills and Ki skills. Think of Ki skills like utility spells which suppliment both gunplay and swordplay.This isn't really Shadow Warrior of old, it's more like Shadow Warrior got slapped on Painkiller clone with one hell of a melee mechanic. I mean hell just for the sword alone this game is worth playing. This has to be the best first person melee experience I've had to date. So even with it's setbacks and my complaints how it fails compared to the original, this is still one hell of a game on it's own and if you like a good shooter without regenerative health, cover system, two generic weapon limt, then check this out."
,Recommended,233130,16299709,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,kingjohthan90,this game man is it awesome its a sorta remake of the shadow warrior from 97the guns feel nice to use but screw em the sword is the all mighty until boss battles *and if you are not a katana fan well then you will probably hate the sword good thing the deluxe comes with 2 other melee weapons so if you prefer a sledge hammer or ice pick sort of thing that is sort of an optionthe game overall looks pretty nice unless you demand the witcher 3 or crysis 3 visuals.the story is very simple kill everything with the sword or the gundestructive fun is what i paid for and it delivered
76561198140488328,Recommended,233130,20747116,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Magnad,"Pros:> Awesome combat techniques, especially with the katana*> Cool graphics*> Great soundtrack> Realistic gameplay: enemies can dodge your attacks, like katana swings or fired bullets, and you can also hear the sound that's made when you step on snow: 3> The skill tree is represented by your own body (i mean, Lo Wang's body, the protagonist, not literally yours :D) and the skills represent tattoos that cover your upper part of the body*> Very funny language, especially with those 'Wang Jokes', LOL*> Great story, but hard to understand, unless you replay the 'movies' (you can find them in the start menu and you can gain access to them as long as you complete the levels of the story mode.> Played 18 hours for just 2.5 euros, so it was worth.The marked things (*) can be seen in my screenshot library.Cons:> It's pretty hard to deal with these mother****ing Berserkers, monsters that have bulletproof meteorite (maybe) skin. My point is: you shoot 1000 bullets into them and they seem not to take any king of damage. That really ****** me off :/.Tip: Always shoot them in the red areas from their back. Is the only way to defeat them. Also, you'll get enraged anyway, because is too ****ing hard to kill two of them at the same time, so good luck :DFully satisfied for buying this game.10/10"
76561198009061800,Recommended,233130,23386153,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,kickass,"Really silly, really violent and really fun.  This pulls the difficult trick of making killing waves of enemies interesting and gratifying instead of a repetitive grind. Part of this is the graphics, which are well-realised and carefully detailed, creating varied and interesting environments to travel through; the game feels like a series of coherent stages instead of a loop of the same assets.  The developers have put some time into the special combo moves and the player's arsenal, ensuring that every ability and weapon seems to have a place and be useful.  It's not gonna pose any big questions to the player but it's a cinematic and engaging romp."
,Recommended,233130,13992442,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,ＨＥＹ　ＷＡＳＳＨＩ,"10 seconds in after choosing new game, you know this is a fun mindless shooter"
,Recommended,233130,13933130,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,kersjous,Demon kebab!
,Recommended,233130,13934832,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Kwyjibo,
76561198010109619,Recommended,233130,13934878,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Roasted Garlic,"A highly underrated old-school slash-em-up. I had a ton of fun with this and for the price I paid (about $3) I was very surprised to get as much enjoyment out of it as I did.The action is fast paced, well balanced and varied. The writing is a mixed bag; there are some terrible puns from your character but some real zingers from your partner.I found myself relying mostly on the katana; it is every bit as powerful as many of the better guns, if you use it right, and stays useful for the entire game. The guns are fun too, but the sword is what really brings the game to life."
,Recommended,233130,11683562,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Gene Parmesan,"This game is just plain fun. It's just you in a first-person-view with a katana and some beefy guns, slicing and gunning down wave after wave of demons. If you like old school Duke Nukem (or was disappointment by the new Duke Nukem), this game might be perfect for you. It's Duke Nukem if he had a sword and was Asian."
,Recommended,233130,14019960,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,-ka7,"The best FPS to come out in 2013. Extremely entertaining, loads of fun, slashing up enemies with the katana is the best, can be somewhat difficult on higher levels, loads of secrets including 'retro' ones, and just all around a great time.The only downside I can think of is the levels are wide linear in that there's really only 1 way through them, but a few paths and nooks for secrets. Secrets themselves don't give you much apart from money, ki, or karma- so the only incentive to find them is their retro charms and to level up your skills faster.All around, 9/10.With this I also recommend Wolfenstein: New Order and Rise of the Triad for more FPS games of this calibur."
76561198037451735,Recommended,233130,13833112,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Akkensheen,a short one review:I see dead demons
,Recommended,233130,13834774,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Sneaky... behave!,Homerun.
76561198074763789,Recommended,233130,13841396,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Da Fancy Antelope,"My review of Shadow Warrior:Killed hordes of demons, birdmen that shoot fire and machine-gun wielding samuraisGot killed by a killer demon bunny11/10 would get killed by demon bunny again.No but seriously, this game is bloody damn awesome."
,Recommended,233130,13784654,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,ᅚ,"A humorous and fun game featuring ugly faced creatures you need to eliminate and an annoyingly funny plastic faced demon that sits on your knee the whole time.   Oh, let's not forget that your character is a self-centered ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.In a nutshell: You attack everything you see, and gather karma points in the progress...."
76561198027032524,Recommended,233130,27538532,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Shaliel Zarwol,Great story full of memorable one liners and great action.A must have / play for anyone who enjoys a good laugh.
76561198095985970,Recommended,233130,27954038,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Brozar,its like starwars with comedy 9/10
76561198185528905,Recommended,233130,27980681,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Grigori Rasputin,I bought this game because i thought it would be like doom for a fraction of the price. I got something that was way beyond my expectations very fun high octane action.
76561197994727367,Recommended,233130,20873333,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,sold_snk,Realy enjoyful for spending time.
,Recommended,233130,27834613,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,auronff2001,Awesome game.Just like Hoji.Play it.
76561197991496229,Recommended,233130,8204342,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Mr. Fancy Pants,"I bought this game because I enjoyed another of the developer's games, Hard Reset.  The game is 2-3 times longer than most AAA FPS titles nowadays at 15-20 hours and is just as polished.  Great visuals and game play, but don't expect a deep storyline.  This title is more about a modern remake of an old-school shooter and I think Flying Wild Hog nailed it.  This is what Duke Nukem Forever wishes it was as good as."
,Recommended,233130,27884221,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,rBrink,dis pretty good game
76561198084198222,Not Recommended,233130,27890118,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Wuss Poppin B,the first 4 chapters are really fun but after that you have to go through 12 boring chapters that have no challange and are verry reppetitive
76561197970366868,Recommended,233130,7356684,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Bernie_23,"I cannot think of an FPS I've ever enjoyed more than this one. (I haven't played the sequel yet though!)A fantastic shooter that brings a second meaning to the term FPS: First Person Swordplay. Sword skills vary between offensive and defensive and make you feel very powerful. The choice is yours though: you can almost exclusively use either guns or melee combat, as long as you're sane enough not to ramp the difficulty all the way up.Upgrade system adds a rewarding element of progression and unlocking. The levels are quite long and varied for an FPS and some of the scenery is like eye candy to me.As a fan of the original, I feel Flying Wild Hog have done a good job retaining the spirit the game's forebearer and included plenty of funny one-liners that work well.A brutal but envigorating challenge on the highest difficulty (make sure you choose the right skills early on...). It's going to be a long slug taking down bosses and mini-bosses if you go down this road :)So good I bought it on 2 platforms."
76561198002060237,Not Recommended,233130,24191922,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,./akary.u¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Just dissapointing. The humor and the setting are very cool, no question, but the game play is very boring and uncreative."
,Recommended,233130,27936852,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Morques,"If you are looking for a game with not too much of a serious story, this is a game you should try out. Lots of stuff to upgrade and enough weapons to make killing more enjoyable."
76561197986027858,Recommended,233130,27950725,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tomowar,Best laughs i'v had in a while from a single player fps.
,Recommended,233130,27977582,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DóN'T kill DRáGóNS NIGHTHAWK,"i played the first game before this one and i can see, well its still an kinda arcade shooter game.its great and lengthy if you don't powerplay the game all the way trough."
,Recommended,233130,27714239,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sherlock Holmes,Fun and addictive with lots of upgrades.
,Recommended,233130,27794113,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Muggle,Worth it.
,Recommended,233130,27819848,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Grek,It's time for wang to make a bang.
,Recommended,233130,27778511,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Darth Invader,"I bought this game on a sale. For a long time have I been eyeing this gem.After playing trough the game I find myself wanting more.You can upgrade your weapons, powers and skills with each needing 3 different resources.Pilling up in karma after a carnage, makes you feel good.You can try different combos and weapons to change your rampage to your liking.If you like a modern version of an old school game with over the top action,then this is the game for you!If you just like over the top action action, then this is still the game for you!Get this game, kill demons, embrace Wang jokes."
76561197967474531,Recommended,233130,27577207,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,noobler,"HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS GAMEIT'S LIKE PUTTING AN ANGRY TIGER IN A SHEEP'S PENAND YOU'RE THE TIGERAND THE SHEEP ARE DEMONICBUT LIKE, OH YES, I LOVE THIS GAME"
76561198260690588,Recommended,233130,28167320,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,󠀡RadicalꝐsychosis,This game is hands down AWESOME. After the update it doesn't even lag anymore!I love it how this game brought back the hack n slash genre back to life.
,Recommended,233130,28278920,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,lomalinda,"KILL BILL style, good game."
,Recommended,233130,28261698,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Solty D,"It was a heady time in PC gaming when we got all the sweet DOS games made in the Build engine like Duke Nukem 3D, Blood, and Shadow Warrior. While Duke Nukem 3D's reboot sucked when it finally came in, Shadow Warrior got a pretty great treatment. You get to play as Lo Wang, Orochi Zilla's hired hand and the man who has been tasked with buying an ancient sword from an unwilling businessman. Things go south, demons get involved and the rest of the game is swords, guns, and wang jokes while you slaughter your way through a whole host of monsters from the Shadow Realm and some humans who, oddly, spill yellow blood. You can buy new magic and moves to heal yourself, protect your body or enhance your swordplay while mowing down your foes and some truly massive bosses.Let's get the most frustrating thing about this game out of the way right away: Objectives are way too difficult to see. I spent too much time wandering around aimlessly saying ""Where the hell is the keycard/person I need to find?"" and while the needed object does have an orange shine to it, good luck if it's a small object in a large area. Additionally there are three types of currency which felt like too much. Ki crystals help enhance your magic and must be found, karma is earned by killing enemies (more for doing so in a badass manner) and is more for enhancing your sword abilities. Lastly, actual money buys upgrades for your guns as well as ammunition - This was super convenient when I was in a tough situation, low on ammo and needed a refill quickly as you can buy more ammo anywhere. Still, the ki crystals in particular felt kind of unnecessary and could have been simplified to just using karma for both of those. Lastly, the difficulty felt uneven. I played through on Normal and for the most part it was a pretty casual affair, but the ramp up in difficulty for the last normal stage was quite severe. There were a couple other spots in the game that felt much, much harder than the parts before and after. Finally, they really didn't do anything to hide the ""Get red keycard, open red door"" style of gameplay from that era. Now it's just find and smash red lantern, open red door.Those are a lot of negatives, but they didn't detract too much from the gameplay. On the whole it's a good FPS that is a nostalgia bomb with updated graphics and I had fun with it. Don't think too hard about the story, just slice some dudes in half and have a good time."
76561198120851084,Recommended,233130,28233018,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,BioRaven,Live wang and prosper.
,Recommended,233130,28232281,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,lufia22,"I don't really know what I expected going into Shadow Warrior, but I walked away with a lot more than I thought I would. Shadow Warrior simulatneously manages to be cheesy and over the top while telling an engaging story.My biggest gripe with the game is that it slightly overstays its welcome. The gameplay doesn't evolve enough throughout the game, so combat ends up feeling ""samey"" after a while. Rather than introducing new enemy types, set pieces, or mechanics that make the game feel fresh, Shadow Warrior often just throws larger numbers or different combinations of enemies at you. Most levels are also fairly linear, and the game follows explore/loot > combat room > explore/loot > combat room flow throughout the entire game.Overall, I think the game is worth playing for the unique style and story. The combat is fun, giving you plenty of freedom to develop your own style, but the level designs and lack of enemy diversity keeps the game from achieving true greatness."
,Recommended,233130,28290753,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,CreativeInstinct,"A great game through and through. I love the art, the level design, the melee and general combat, the enemies, the story, the everything! I got it through humble bundle but it's well worth its price, in my opinion."
,Recommended,233130,28228532,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Fnatic.d3a7h,"Great game, should become a sequel.Bad Developers, must be fired immediately."
,Recommended,233130,13800945,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,mino,"Please make note of the additional system requirements on the store page.PROS:~Gameplay. Shadow Warrior has some of the most intuitive gameplay I've ever experienced, letting you combine the multitude of weapons and powers together for awesome combos and maximum carnage. Plays like an arcade shooter on steroids.~WANG. Lo Wang is a wise-cracking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who knows he's the best. When Duke Nukem blows out his birthday candles he wishes he could be more like Lo Wang.~Upgrades. Shadow Warrior has a really solid upgrade system for skills, powers, and weapon attachments, and it never feels like you're settling on something just to spend the points/cash. All upgrades are well-thought out and have an impact in game.~Fortune Cookies. Scattered throughout the game world are mini-easter-egg-type-things that you can pick up that say some pretty funny stuff on them to raise your morale whilst fighting demons. I've had many a good chuckle reading these.CONS:~Story. The plot is really nothing to write home about but I doubt anyone is really concerning themselves with character development and depth-of-story and things like that in a crazy arcade shooter.This really isn't even a con, just a comment that didn't belong in the pros section.TL;DR:Shadow Warrior is a fantastic game that doesn't take itself too seriously and affords the player a truly unique experience that is tons and tons of fun.9.9/10FINAL THOUGHTS:Shadow Warrior is the most fun I have had playing a video game in some time in the respect that I can just kick back and play, knowing that I will have a great time every single time I open the game."
,Recommended,233130,14860050,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,MakesumNOIZ,Personally I enjoyed the game.
,Recommended,233130,17407593,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,S1MUL4CR4,"Preposterously beautiful carnage for about 18 hours + Lo Wang and Hoji's hilarious commentary/dialogue. One of the best single-player shooter experiences I've had since Halo. I enjoyed finding references to earlier games hidden in secret areas or materialized in arcade consoles. Oh, and also massacring demons with my katana, superpowers, and arsenal of ranged weapons, but mainly with my katana."
76561198092063411,Recommended,233130,16509075,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,jfarra3,If your Wang hangs Lo then you might be a Shadow Warrior
76561198146765596,Recommended,233130,16510931,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,JDawgRiggz,would chop heads off again. super bloody and fast pased.
,Recommended,233130,16512602,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Badger,"Story: It's not too important in my book, it was pretty stereotypical and cheesy but had it's own humor and was overall enjoyable. You play as Lo Wang, and you are looking for 3 swords that combine together to make a more powerfull sword that can kill gods, you make friends with a god from the Shadow Realm, and stuff happens. I wont spoil any more but that is the general idea of the story.Presentation/Graphics: This game is ♥♥♥♥ING BEAUTIFUL! The game has a lot of cool looking areas, and not to mention I played it smootly at 60fps on ultra no problem. The game looks amazing and works like any game should.Gameplay: Shadow Warrior is a FPS game where you slay demons and some humans here and there, but mostly demons. You have a sword and plenty of guns a revolver, smg, crossbow, shotgun, ect. You gradually expand your weapons as the game go on, just like Half-Life. You can unlock new skills and powers to do crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥with your sword. Like send beems of energy and FUS RO DA people every where. You can dash all over the place too. It's really fun to be fast and slashing the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of demons. The only complaint is that I feel that the guns are a little too weak to be all that usefull, and I found that I used the sword for most of my playthrough. There are sometimes where using a gun was better because I needed the range, but overall going in with sword swinging was good enough. It's not that big of a deal though because it's fun to kill demons with a sword like I said earlier.Overall: The game is about 10 hours (17 chapters) the game is definatly amazing, I would buy it on sale though because I got it for a few dollars on the summer sale, and I would say it's not quite worth the full price ($40)  but it's still a great game.Rating: 69 wangs out of 10"
,Recommended,233130,16514732,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Alan's Psychedelic Breakfast,sick
,Recommended,233130,8598999,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Hey You!,Shadow Warrior is a very good single player FPS. There are a lot of fun toys to play with and the gameplay is faster than a lot of modern FPS games. When you buy the game you'll also get a Shadow Warrior flavored version of Viscera Cleanup Detail which wasn't very fun in my opinion.
,Recommended,233130,16515571,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Reasonableman,"Shadow Warrior takes what was a dumb, immature shooter, and adds exactly enough modern touches to prevent it from feeling old while still being fun. The story is surprisingly good. I only wish the level design weren't limited by consoles to the now-familiar corridor-crawl style, and they had stuck with classic open Duke 3D levels. 4/5"
76561198220659252,Recommended,233130,16480236,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,corytech,"@5$ It's the steal of the summer sale. Playing it on a 55"" Samsung and at times i catch my self twitching my shoulders as though I'm actually trying to detach the demons arm thats holding his weapon with my Katana.Looks Good and runs Great on my 5 year old system.8/10"
,Recommended,233130,16481181,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,zest,"I went into a Japanese gardens in the night,,,In the light of a moon I saw two rabbits mating...I came a little closer... Just to have a glimpse.. and in an impulse of a science...I cut them both in half with my katana sword!Suddenly the ground shakes, death metal starts to be played loud and I am chased by a black demon-rabbit with red eyes!...I mean like... pure 10/10.. no other option here.."
76561198038423898,Recommended,233130,16488171,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Joe-Nubs,73 out of a 100 bullSh**  this game was Friggin awesome
76561198053247803,Recommended,233130,16490787,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kyuzo,"Just got killed by an immortal death metal bunny rabbit!.Brilliant maps, enjoyabke combat, plenty of gore and the combination of swrods and guns.What is there not to like?.Buy it."
,Recommended,233130,15025879,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,harkov311,"This is the treatment Duke Nukem Forever deserved.  Absolutely everything about this remake is true to the spirit of the original, but better in almost every way.  It does get a bit brutally hard toward the end, and this is definitely an old-school FPS, with crazy loadouts and hordes of enemies to mow down, but as long as you're up for that, you'd be crazy not to play this.  DId I mention you can slice demons in half with a katana?"
76561198043912839,Recommended,233130,15004837,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Neocdark,"I was about to cry at the end, such a sad and deep ending for such a crazy and fantastic game."
,Recommended,233130,15006485,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,End me pls,"+ Super fun gameplay+ Great, humorous lines+ Suprisingly amazing story+ Great visuals- Badly optimizedI would definetely recommend it to anyone that likes fps shooters!"
,Recommended,233130,15008671,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Freeman,Slashing through demons is hella fun.
,Recommended,233130,15064593,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,TheAngelOfRoses,"""Oh! a fortune cookie!!!""[HELP! I AM BEING HELD PRISONER IN A VIDEO GAME FACTORY]50/10 Would bury a body for a video game CEO again"
76561197990406921,Recommended,233130,15066081,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,MMG Man,very entertaining game!
,Recommended,233130,15069519,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,kebcoob,Like duke nukem without all the b3wb5
,Recommended,233130,15056580,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Alan b'stard,"now they have to work on Blood (as in the game blood, yea)"
,Recommended,233130,15059910,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,R I Z E,"Very well made, Worth more than what i paid for. Gameplay was solid katana slashing action with some magic and gun wielding twists, the story is not my cup of tea but still a very good game.9/10 Awesome. would play again."
,Recommended,233130,14932654,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Clemicorn,Attacked by a demon bunny out for revenge for all of the bunnies i had killed. 10/10Fast paced first person hack n slash. Very fun.
76561197981990028,Recommended,233130,7418784,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,gringopig,Not had as much fun for ages!!
,Recommended,233130,16867872,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,A Cunt,watched 2 rabbits have sex...killed one turned into a deamon rabbit and killed me....11/20
76561198090548406,Not Recommended,233130,16881022,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Nilla,Very linear and repetitive.  Bought this while it was on sale (thankfully) based on some reviews.   Extremely disappointed.  Level design and play is extremely linear and there i not very much variation in enemies.  The game simply throws the same enemies at you over and over again in increasing quantities (rather than types).  Extremely tiresome and not very motivating to continue playing.
76561198057837818,Recommended,233130,16845293,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Leckerer,"Great game with just one major issue: the fully upgraded katana deserved much more attention than the 3 minutes of gameplay that the developers gave us. I had so much fun wielding it for the short period of time that I was downright disappointed when I found out it's over so quickly. You can't even carry it over to your next playthrough. A ton of wasted potential there. Other than that the game is a lot of fun, enjoy!"
,Recommended,233130,16788119,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Perky Obama,better than half life 3
,Recommended,233130,7294995,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,Fabreeze,"If you played the original, this will bring back some nice memories.It's also fun as ♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,233130,17723696,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,RICE POLICE,Low and small Wangs
76561198083773648,Recommended,233130,28192452,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Perec :P,This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ awsome!!!!!!!buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥if u want a funny well designed game with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ good story!i rate it 69/69would killed by a rabbit again :P
,Recommended,233130,21720838,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,"Spark Wright, Ultimate Attorney.","I don't remember much about this game, haven't played it in a long time, but I do remember it being an incredibly fun game, it felt good to play, the story was solid and used a lot of cool japanese myths or whatever (I'm not an expert), enemies took actual damage during fights, and it was just really fun to play"
76561198034565205,Recommended,233130,28301125,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,aakondrashov,masterpiece
,Recommended,233130,28299852,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Salt_E_Dawg,"Do not, under any circumstances, f***k with the black rabbits."
76561198007771627,Recommended,233130,28303299,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,flashywinger7,"Cool game. Purchased it for the sword play and wasn't dissapointed. The graphics are cool and the weapons are fun. If you enjoy the type of shooters that spawn lots of enemies at the same time, then you will enjoy this game. It's a solid 8/10"
,Recommended,233130,26349129,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Rockpolitik,"This game is on the list from my quest of playing & finishing all purchased games in my Steam library.CHOPPIN' DUDES TO BITS AGAINIncredibly fun, fast-paced fps with bad asian jokes.Gameplay is a bit too linear and replayability is almost nonexistent for me, but the combat makes it really fun an worthwhile to sit in for one playthrough. Hence, get it on sale!"
76561198088835356,Recommended,233130,28708330,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,JacobTheBlack,One of the most fun games i have ever played. Totally recommand
,Recommended,233130,29049844,Posted: 5 January,all,Twigz,Do you like recent DOOM and Wolfenstein installments? Then you will love this game. Just get it.
,Recommended,233130,29034078,Posted: 5 January,all,DickesKind21,"Great game, but unfortunately it has nothing to do with the original Shadow Warrior except the setting, the sword and fortune cookies.However nice gameplay and graphics with few annoying parts."
,Recommended,233130,29106898,Posted: 7 January,all,CrazyFreak,"DOOM meets Serious Sam, Shadow Warrior is a nostalgic experience to the simpler times in First Person Shooters' lives.Gameplay was fun, I especially enjoyed the Sword-play. Gun play felt a bit clunky however it was passable, I enjoyed a bit of it as well.Story was surprisingly good for a dumb shooter, I found myself engaging in the story unlike others of it's caliber.And... Yeah, not much else to say. Good game, would buy."
,Recommended,233130,29097983,Posted: 7 January,all,MireTSBS,"Fun and fluid gameplay, Powerful upgrade system, and an awesome story with characters you'll fall in love with. I can't recommend this game enough, IMO a 10/10."
,Recommended,233130,28980596,Posted: 3 January,all,Sandman Fu,First game ever introduced the cracking fortune cookie mechanism.Can not wait to find out what's written on the next fortune cookie.
,Recommended,233130,28962474,Posted: 2 January,all,Whetto,"Game is by far one of the best pick-ups I have played this year.  I never write reviews, but this game and studio deserve some recognition."
,Recommended,233130,28974196,Posted: 3 January,all,Scrubshark,"This game is brilliant. I highly recommend this gory slasher stuff.♥♥♥♥ the guns, slash everything to bits! The gore and melee combat is extremely satisfying.You can say the graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥but if graphics are your thing.. just ♥♥♥♥ off."
,Recommended,233130,28974288,Posted: 3 January,all,Official Fat Cunt™,"Fun game, I love how I can run around and pretend I'm actually there! To bad the AI are quite bad, all-in-all, great game!"
76561198189468183,Recommended,233130,28971959,Posted: 3 January,all,黑驴王子,额，为什么没有中文啊，作者给个明确的世间，什么时候中文语言可以修复！！
76561198007453491,Recommended,233130,28996730,Posted: 3 January,all,elgringothompson,"blood gore, dismemberment the world need more Wang"
,Recommended,233130,28994654,Posted: 3 January,all,MetriodOreos,"This game is super freaking fun and the story is pretty good, 10/10 would whip Wang out again."
76561197976396733,Recommended,233130,28969690,Posted: 3 January,all,Rebel,Had a Ball! Highly recomwang!
76561198043787903,Recommended,233130,28966935,Posted: 2 January,all,fatso catso,♥♥♥♥ the wolfenstein and doom remakesthis is how you make an fps
,Recommended,233130,7368424,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Сross,какая красота
,Recommended,233130,28958074,Posted: 2 January,all,Internalized Oppression,I swear I'm japanese mom just buy me a katana and I'll prove it. IT'S NOT A PHASE!
,Recommended,233130,29052602,Posted: 5 January,all,Phloop,"You mess with the bull, you get the Wang!Shadow Warriorcontains many elements in games that I really dislike:Bullet-sponge enemies that have no tactics associated with them other than ""dodge and waste all your ammo"" (I'm looking at you, Berserker!)Multi-stage bosses with repetitive patterns.Piles of enemies which only serve as cannon-fodder to stretch sections of gameplay.And yet... I found myself charmed by the frat-esque humour and the satisfying combat. The visuals are fantastic, combining a pan-Asian aesthetic with grimy warehouses, streets and mountain-top laboratories. The enemies are distinctive enough so that you can tell them apart even in huge waves and the weapons are very satisfying once upgraded. The music and sound design is incredibly well thought out, enjoyable and employed very well in relevant scenes.I kept getting lost on some levels and not in a good way. Very often I would loop an area without meaning to, only to realise that all the containers were empty and that I had cleared out this area already.Also, I found my framerate tanking in certain sections; there is a section that has a green, poisonous gas that you need to wade through, which was painful for my poor, ailing, dual-core computer to fight in. Even with all the graphical settings on their lowest, these sections were a chore.The story is fantastic. What starts as an AsianSerious Samclone slowly becomesKill Billand then morphs into a Kabuki melodrama. It's one of my favourite elements of this game, the ending lingered with me for hours afterwards.All and all, this game is fantastic. It is one of the best shoot-em-ups I have ever played and one I will return to whenever I need some gratuitous violence in my day. This game has The Touch, this game has The Power and I would heartily recommend that you should give it a go."
,Recommended,233130,29017330,Posted: 4 January,all,The Worst Guy,like doom but with swords
,Recommended,233130,23509377,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Mildly Enjoyable Pieces of Toast,"Very fun game. Was dissapointed when the game ended and Lo Wang was bald, I had no idea the whole game and it really shocked me. 10/10"
76561198000911875,Recommended,233130,10266325,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Andreas,"If you want to have a blast, then the only way through; is Shadow warrior!"
,Recommended,233130,14100457,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Wotrician,Top quality FPS
76561197985948734,Recommended,233130,8686147,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Deranged_Kitsune,"This is a very underrated game, one I'm really, really surprised more has not been heard about. Yes, it's a reboot of the classic 90s Shadow Warrior -- which should have garnered some press alone -- but it's also a really GOOD reboot.The game is a well balance of the old and new; the old involves things like needing to scavenge for ammo, money and health packs, the lengthy (total gameplay on a first run somewhere 12-15 hours) and largely linear levels, and the ability to carry multiple weapons; the new involves upgrade and skill trees that will need to be followed to progress, (non-automatic) regenerating health, and upgradeable weapons.The voice acting is good throughout and the story that gets fed to you in tidbits along the way is actually very interesting and engaging. The humour tends to be crude and juvenile for the most part but not unbearable. Your demon companion, Hoji, has averysimilar attitude to Deadpool when it comes to violence and comedy. I find that a good thing, personally.Graphically the game looks gorgeous, but at the same time it will put a hurting on a lot of systems, the engine for some reason being very CPU intensive, resulting in noticeable slowdowns during some of the larger mob battles. Still runs good on my rig (Core 2 Duo 2.8Ghz, 4gb ram, ATI HD 4770 graphics card).The swordplay is easily one of the highlights of the game and surprisingly will become the dominant weapon. Having played the original when it first came out, this is the opposite of what was true then. Alas, for those who were hoping for a full revival of the original arsenal from the originalthe nuke is sadly missing. Still, what is there makes up for it. The weakest part enemy/fight wise are -- as others have stated -- the boss battles, which are too long and involve plinking-away-at-the-glowing bits far too much.I've really been waiting for more on this game since I first played it. There's enough setup done throughout the game that DLC and/or sequel seems pretty much inevitable and I'm frankly surprised none has surfaced or even been announced. Really, if you're thinking about giving this game a try, I think it's quite worth it and will go towards showing the developer that all their effort was appreciated.Nominated for the 2016 User-Selected Steam awards because it never got the attention it deserved the first time around."
,Recommended,233130,27187057,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pugbutt,Amazing game with a surprisingly better story than expected with great sword and gun combat.
76561198307167376,Recommended,233130,25697566,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,harry.washello,"Finished a game after couple of hours.Deinstalled it and installed Shadow Warrior.Did not feel like playing any more, just had a glimpse.Went to bed at 4am after 9 hours. ;-)Suprisingly competent first person shooter8/10★★★★★★★★☆☆Great fun.Fantastic FTP shooting (and slasher) in vivid environmet with barrels, cars and vending machines ready to explode.Beautil graphicsand brilliantly designed levels. Very good music. and sound.Uparalled humour. Cannot remember last time I had so much fun watching cutscenes.The story is a bit boring in its complexity, but it does not influance the gameplay. Still original and grasping atmosphere.Highly recommended."
76561198072888724,Recommended,233130,28729747,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Ariel_Es_Toptier,This game was a classic and fun ride with alot of hardcore aspects that'll get your blood pumping♥♥♥♥♥♥is cash
,Recommended,233130,28714080,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Askorbas,game is great i remember i played this but idk how because i dont hawe this game in library so i buy it but first need sell some skin :]]
,Recommended,233130,28697457,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Sanguine,pretty good
76561198070313736,Recommended,233130,28557965,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Good ol' Rohan,"Shadow warrior has an 8-10 hour campaign and it's rather linear. However, the chapters are lengthy with a lot to explore. The combat is fluid and never felt klunky or awkward. The graphics are decent, the story is good, the writing is hilarious and overall it's pretty good. I advise that you wait for a sale to buy this game, however."
,Recommended,233130,28574973,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,DarkAnalog,"Most fun I've had in a shooter in a while.  Very funny, gameplay is fun.  Enjoyed the game all the way through.Has a nice light ""rpg like"" upgrade system for powers and weapons.The story is surprisingly good.  Hoji is the best.So go grab some Wang and never let go!"
,Recommended,233130,477549,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,WoWitsMelvill,"Wow, wow, wow! Finally, an FPS reboot/sequel/prequel that brings me back to 90's gaming. The graphics are beautiful! The gameplay is great. And that katana... If you grew up playing old build engine shooters, buy this game! If you didn't, still buy this game! You won't regret it."
,Recommended,233130,28819002,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,11429720,"I have not even gotten that far in this game since I am only in chapter 4, but I can say that this game is such a fun casual game. You just hack and slash for the rest of your life and it does not even get boring for some reason. I love it and the story is great too.Kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to think that he can destroy almost anything with a swing, but not those objectives that require you to destroy something first before the door opens. Seriously?"
76561198054494108,Recommended,233130,29839427,Posted: 10 February,all,moira66,This game boasts vast content and it is unlocked as you continue on. The graphics are brilliant. The script is reminisent of bad 80's kartate movies and the beginning brings memories of the kill bill bar scene. The game requires quick an nimble controls and a good memory. But with these the game blooms in ways i can not easily describe. I reccomend this game whole heartedly for those interested in challenging and diverse FPS gameplay.
76561198076598462,Recommended,233130,22891279,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Tri Paloski,This game is bloody funny. Get it!You'll fancy the main protagonist and his tenacious side kick. (you just can't get rid of him)The story is pretty straight foward however Lo Wang's comments are hilarious.I thoroughly enjoyed the gruesome battles and the overall fighting technique.(plus you get to use a katana what more do you want?)I'd give it 8/10
76561198043592710,Recommended,233130,29703564,Posted: 4 February,all,NeThZOR,"Not the type of game that I would normally play but for the $5 or so that I paid for it the game is well worth it.Lots of action, slaying of demons, explosions and katana slicing in Shadow Warrior. The chapters are quite long and there are many secrets scattered around the levels. The main character is also very likeable and humorous so he keeps things interesting when the game can become somewhat repetitive."
,Recommended,233130,29708491,Posted: 4 February,all,Nathan,This game is amazing! REALLY RECOMEND! Lo Wang is a character that is really funny! the only bad thing is its over priced so get it on steam sale.
,Recommended,233130,29782001,Posted: 8 February,all,Gucci with them snakes on it,"Let me just start off by saying, I love this game, I love this franchise and everything about it, The gameplay, the story, the characters and the over the top gore-explosive action game play. It's a break from all the now days boring and dull Triple A titiles and go back to a simplier time when single player was still a thing, The gameplay can be a bit repetitive but non the less, still enjoyable and can see my self going back to playing this again. I would definitely recommend you to buy this game, During a sale, but for the price of 40SGD is still a good deal."
,Recommended,233130,24670132,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,zʜᴇɴʏᴀ,Very beautiful game.
76561198063772079,Recommended,233130,31837303,Posted: 19 May,all,Samurai Jack,One of the best single player games i have ever played.this game is for you if you like to kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of demons.also if you get the game when its on sale it will cost only about 4$ (WORTH)
76561198157063449,Recommended,233130,31866646,Posted: 20 May,all,Six,"You are Lo Wang, an assassin sent to get a demonic katana sword from a billionaire who then turned out involved in a demonic invasion and also the one to kick some demons azz. No, more like cutting or ripping or gutting or decapitating them actually while throwing some jokes in the process. And of course you have powers!Shadow Warrior basically is like DOOM game, but you get a katana and that is my main weapon in game. It's fast paced, FPS hack and slash game and I love it."
76561198029503274,Recommended,233130,31901590,Posted: 22 May,all,ZeroKiyone,"Where do I start.Its been a while ago when I first had my taste of it. I thought, ahh heck why not lets try it out.I then played a bit and I discovered some amazing things. New ways to tackle known problems or just make everything effortless by going in with full force. I now know what people mean when they say they ""cant get enough of Wang"". I agree, I'm a fan now.The game's pretty good aswell"
76561198042683816,Recommended,233130,31899982,Posted: 22 May,all,moonfairy182008,"I love this game! The graphics are beautiful and spectacular and the gore is amazing! I really enjoy using the katana and throwing stars. I don't really know too many games that use that as a weapon so it really stands out. I like the upgrade and leveling up system too! The best thing about this game is the scenery. It is very immersive and pulls into the game. I like the story too. The story, the violence, and the scenery all tie this game together. Everyone should have this game in their Steam library!"
76561198046060311,Recommended,233130,31902057,Posted: 22 May,all,Darth Muffin,I've always wanted to play Asian deadpoolPros:Spicy racists jokes+Sexual innuendo+Great story about incest+Fun sword/gun play+Cons:Not enough spicy racist jokes
76561198070360560,Recommended,233130,31902285,Posted: 22 May,all,overlord in evil,"Let me start off by saying this game is good. It's story is a little lacking but most characters are overal at least a little interesting and funny. (Who wouldn't want a wisecracking demon with amnesia for a sidekick?)The swordplay is fantastic, it's by far the best thing about this game and gets deeper as you get further in the game.My problems start with the guns, they all feel like toy guns, except maybe the magnum and rocket launcher and even then that's a big maybe.The game ramps up difficulty, not by doing anything interesting, but by giving enemies more health and a different collour schemes, along with a boost in damage.And now for a late game enemy. The berserkers. Those. Are. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Period. They have huge health pools, hardly stop moving and you can only shoot them in the back. Which to me was difficult as all hell. You also don't get any indication as to how wounded they are. Though think of me what you will for that comment. Did I foget to mention they do a lot of damage too? The only positive thing I can say about them is that they are a relatively rare enemy.Overal though, it's a fun game which at a few points really tries your patience."
,Recommended,233130,31887815,Posted: 21 May,all,Onkel Adi,"By far the best Japanese Temple Simulator. I only play it to enjoy the view, if you want the better gameplay play Shadow warrior 2."
,Recommended,233130,31892204,Posted: 21 May,all,kk,"Shadow Warrior is a fast paced shooter, but with excellent melee combat. It reminds me of Duke Nukem or Serious Sam, but with a better storyline and more intelligent dialogue. I played through in 13 hours and feel very satisified, like having watched a very good sci-fi show. Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,233130,31886172,Posted: 21 May,all,-Tyrant-,"It's like doom with swords. 9/10 no mod support, but great game"
,Recommended,233130,31889114,Posted: 21 May,all,GOLDEN WAЯЯIOЯ72,Awesome as the Original Shadow Warrior
76561198169056891,Recommended,233130,31891968,Posted: 21 May,all,edb10,hell yeah
76561198383341143,Recommended,233130,31903295,Posted: 22 May,all,calexc95,Holy pieces of sacks of♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is a great game. I recommend.
76561198101413754,Recommended,233130,31973680,Posted: 26 May,all,1ofmany,Good.
76561197991862082,Recommended,233130,31982766,Posted: 26 May,all,VGR,"Just excellent gameplay all the way through.  Good story, with a surprising ending."
76561198363400328,Recommended,233130,31983611,Posted: 26 May,all,wilsonthewolf88,This game was fun start to finish 10/10 for me
,Recommended,233130,31973499,Posted: 26 May,all,X_my_big_beefin_dong_X,Doom but for Weebs
76561198167775366,Recommended,233130,32049130,Posted: 29 May,all,Aleestoor,"It's alot of fun. it has great gameplay, a mob style of battle, and beautiful graphics. the story is pretty good, but nothing to lose your mind over."
76561198030517773,Recommended,233130,27895499,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Weeb,"Shadow warrior is a hell of a fun game. i have played, one playthrough on the easiest dificulity, and i'm looking forward to clearing the harder ones in the future!"
,Recommended,233130,27895735,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Solaire of Astora,"This Wang hang's Lo. An amazing game, wish surprisingly great swordplay. I love just running around and hacking♥♥♥♥♥♥to death, sure I might not be getting 5star clears, but I'm enjoying it, and the magic system is really intuitive and feels good once you get the hang of it. Great music, great humor, great gameplay, great atmosphere, just a real great game. 10/10."
,Recommended,233130,27606427,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gr33nMachin3,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ The bees knees when it comes to supporting the weight of an overweight insect.
76561198058531085,Recommended,233130,27658252,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,nosoyblas,"A remake of a great game, it continues being an old school FPS:- Lots of enemies to kill.- Gore, more gore: tons of blood and visceras.- Very much action.- Graphics recently improved (DirectX 11).- Great OST.- Although the important thing is the action rather than the story, the background story is quite good. Your demonic companion is very charismatic.- Story told as anime short videos between chapters.Very recomendable when in sales."
,Recommended,233130,27767684,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kaziglu Bey,"I'm not sure what I can add to the already big stack of glowing reviews, save this; I started playing expecting some good run-n-gun action, and I got that. I expected good humor and I got that. Heck, I didn't really expect the upgrade system to be that good but it was full of intresting choices. But what I truly, TRULY did not expect was the really cool tone shift the final part of the game took, and how it added heaps to an already great experience. Totally worth the price."
76561198109416129,Recommended,233130,27764255,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DjShIzz,"Honestly one of the best if not, THEE BEST Modern Twitch Shooter around! Highly Rec!"
,Recommended,233130,27740993,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Morrowind3,"A few glitches here and there, but otherwise top of the line in puns and gory Katana action"
,Recommended,233130,27767746,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Skull Knigga,"This game is one of the most memorable of all that I have played and I had a great time playing it. I thought the game would end a few hours in however the story then extended a lot and it turned out that I was 1/4 of the way through. I thoroughly enjoyed the rest of the time. I love gameplay with how there are many waves of enemies for you to slash to pieces with your katana and guns. Gotta love a game with a katana too. The MC is fun to play as with his witty remarks and the cookies have some very funny messages in them which gives the game humour as you go along it. I played the game on the second hardest difficulty and I didn't find it very hard until the beserkers came into play but none the less I still figured out a stratagy to defeat them. There's a fair few guns that you can upgrade and they are very useful against some enemies or even necessary perhaps.The game also runs very well, I was running at 1440p maximum settings on a R9 290 with it going between 100-60 fps depending on how many particle effects there were on screen and the setting. The snow maps would give me 100fps and the other maps would generally give me 50-60 fps. The game looked pretty nice too.Considering I got this game for something like £1 on sale, this is one of the best bargains I have ever gotten considering just how great this game is. Certainly worth it.I was also really hoping that there would be a version of the katana at the end of the game that would let you shoot projectile slash attacks, much like Ichigo's Getsuga Tenshō in the anime Bleach. I was just hoping this, not really expecting it and yet when I got to the final mission and had the fully pimped out story katana, there it was. I slashed and the projectile attack came out and I got a mission of being able to slay a bunch of enemies with it. It was ♥♥♥♥ing cool."
,Recommended,233130,28526491,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,raydar2016,How I imagine DOOM would be if there was magic and a katana
,Recommended,233130,29085664,Posted: 7 January,all,MAD DOG ADRIAN,Low Wang.I Feel Bad for him. Its never going to become a Hard Wang.
76561198152554083,Recommended,233130,29062325,Posted: 6 January,all,LA QUICA,"best game ever,also a good tribute to taxi driver"
76561198154964744,Recommended,233130,30991747,Posted: 6 April,all,roboapplejack,"The only thing I have about this game that is negative is that, when you dash down stairs it will kill you Insta...I try'd it on acouple of different types of stairs, like long one's and small one's and I would die insta. But other than that. I give this game a 9.9 out of 10. I played the shadow warrior two not understanding any of the story lines but when I got on this game, it made soo much sense, How you guy still made everyone mad with every single word he used. But anywho...The story line was strong and Sad in a way, The grahpics was nice, The STAIRS! I will never walk down again. The upgrading system is way better than shadow warrior 2 in my opion and the secerts was a bit fun, finding them was even fun...(Skeleton on the floor) Still sreaching for secerts. But overall I have to say, keep up the good work. I played almsoted all of your games including hard rest and serious sam and soo far non of your games was disappointing, unless that what you are trying to hit. :D, but anywho keep up the great work you guy's and gal's are doing a wonderful and amazing job at making games."
,Recommended,233130,28803187,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,darkmoose,I bought it for the humor. It is there. If you are looking for a taste of the good old times of gaming in a new package you can safely buy and enjoy this game.
76561198085359459,Recommended,233130,28815934,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ethanfp582,Writing reviews is hardThis game is awesomeGet itPeace
76561198025130159,Recommended,233130,28806152,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,kovasz,"I was looking for some real action, the ""don't think, just kill everything what is moving"" kind. Shadow Warrior gave it to me, plus funny dialogs and an interesting setting. Love it after the first hour of play :)"
,Recommended,233130,28256320,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Genocide all weebs,This game is dank as ♥♥♥♥ brah but that♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198041081876,Recommended,233130,28726319,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Valtyiermann,"Tried to kill some bunnies, but  metal music started playing and a black demon rabbit killed me.Best game ever.10/10"
76561198166061732,Recommended,233130,28453028,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,hazardshot,BUY NOW. Dont even waste your time thinking about it. This game is worth every cent i promise
76561198068876233,Recommended,233130,31950444,Posted: 25 May,all,Sir Dicksallot #SabineBestGirl,"An absolutely awesome hack and slash action Serious Sam-esque game,with loads of guns,skills,demonic powers and a good story to go with it.And dont forget the wang jokes."
,Recommended,233130,31955332,Posted: 25 May,all,Insania,"I rate it 7,5/10.I didnt expect the story to be that good atleast I like it :)Lots of action.There are places where its hard even on normal difficulty.Ether way I suggest playing it if you want , but I glad I did,  story is good I cant wait till I ll get shadow warrior 2 :O"
,Recommended,233130,31911001,Posted: 22 May,all,Cory in the Harem,"Satisfying gunplay, awesome melee combat, a plethora of♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes, Lo Wang... what more could you ask for? However, get it on sale. The 2nd one costs the same amount."
76561198208092901,Recommended,233130,31928371,Posted: 23 May,all,MaxedOutGaming7,Great game! Hilarious! I love it! And when i killed too many rabits/hares i♥♥♥♥♥♥myself to see a demon rabbit chasing me for half an hour. XD Never killed a rabbit/hare again. But will watch them make love ;)
,Recommended,233130,31929489,Posted: 23 May,all,TheBiji,"its a damn good game but, too many buttons lol"
76561198096213994,Recommended,233130,31632627,Posted: 8 May,all,Ainsley Hariott,"If you like blood, katanas, ♥♥♥♥ jokes, demons and satisfying violence...You'll hate this, but hey, I heard there's a real good game called Grass Simulator"
,Recommended,233130,26442501,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,AnteSa,"it's Serious Sam, with swords."
76561198043342055,Recommended,233130,32492899,Posted: 16 June,all,Brutus0039,Good
,Recommended,233130,32532657,Posted: 18 June,all,Abelo,"Fun and funny, but often repetitive and rough around the edges. Shadow Warrior is, in broad strokes, a worthy successor of the 1997 game and a looking glass on how to approach reboots of classics, by keeping the essence without being enslaved by the details. A recommendable game that, however, is obviously underbudgeted for its desired scope, and the game drags for a bit too long without adding anything new to the gameplay.Neither the character progression is enough to instill a sense of variety, nor any new mechanics or interesting enemy types keep coming after a while, so around half-way through the game you have seen all it has to offer short of new environments and a couple dialogues that will make you chuckle. It just keeps prolonguing itself. That doesn't change the fact that the combat is satisfactory, so if you can get past some of the tedium, you'll find yourself grinning at your carnage quite often.If judged by a ""B-Movie"" kind of lens instead of the AAA budgets that generally accompany the genre, it's a worthy buy, just avoid full price and wait for a sale. If Flying Wild Hog learn from their mistakes, they can end up making awesome games, and I'd love to see other classics revived by them (did anyone say ""Blood""?). If they become too comfortable in their niche, well, expect irregular results like this Shadow Warrior."
76561197966262950,Recommended,233130,8065256,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,AEon,"Back in the day I very much liked Duke Nuk'em 3D and its engine (i.e. building levels for it). I was quite surprised to find Shadow Warrior Classic Redux, a game I had never heard of at the time, used the same engine. So is played it and pretty much liked it. A nice trip down nostalgia lane.When the modern remake Shadow Warrior (2013) came up in the bargain bin, I gave that a try, not expecting too much because the advertised ""splatter"" gameplay is not really my thing. But when playing the game I was really surprised how much fun it was to explore the beautiful levels, looking for secrets (there is one pixeled retro secret, reminiscent of the original game in almost every level), and luckily the splattering was so over the top, to not disturb all too much.I really enjoyed playing the game, especially since with the most recent patches in place it simply works, so no stress there. Things I very much appreciated:- You can quicksave at any time, even during combat.- There is a lot to loot and the looting is worth the effort.- Nice set of weapons with a twist, upgrading them with money you collect in the game.- Special powers and skills, again by collecting certain items, or performing intricate attacks for Ki, are a welcome gameplay additions.- Difficulty (normal) is challenging enough but not frustrating. I am playing on Hardcore using a trainer now, and that is mildly annoying, the weapons are simply too weak.- Tons of Achievements you may want to get.- The devs actually did put quite a bit of effort into telling a story. I appreciate them for going that extra mile... after all shooters usually don't have much of a story.- Over all, very beautiful outdoors levels in Japanesque setting. A few quite epic vistas also await the player. Wonderful lighting too.- At first the main character, Lo Wang, was a bit of a let-down, but his comments, and those of his cynical sidekick (from the Demon realm) are quite entertaining.- The only thing I would have loved to have had in the game is the option to bind a key to letting you turn on/off the HUD for clean screenshots.- Holstering the weapon would have been another thing on my preferred list.Other than that, a very polished gaming experience.So if you like shooters, with some degree of exploration and tons of secrets, slightly retro, I would very much recommend getting the game from the bargain bin.AEon"
76561198060148973,Recommended,233130,32492596,Posted: 16 June,all,Xx_EVILCATDARKLORDOFCHAOS666_xX,This is what Duke Nukem Forever should have been
76561198097713872,Recommended,233130,31328151,Posted: 23 April,all,gdgrim,"As far as linear FPS go, this is a real gem of a game. The Katana playstyle is well executed, guns are fun and enemies variable enough.8/10"
76561198253369984,Recommended,233130,32272046,Posted: 8 June,all,Linust6,"Combat gets a bit clunky, but fun FPS Ninja Hack and Slash Games are not that easy to find. 8/10"
76561198159458295,Recommended,233130,32387049,Posted: 13 June,all,Disgruntled Bladerunner,Not enough Wangs.
76561198357562556,Recommended,233130,32423325,Posted: 14 June,all,Donut,BEST.DAMN.PC SHOOTER.I HAVE EVER PLAYED.
,Recommended,233130,32307501,Posted: 9 June,all,Miserable,Thanks Flying Wild Hog and everyone involved in creating this great game. I enjoyed very much playing it.
76561198119693168,Recommended,233130,32318245,Posted: 10 June,all,TheGibbysan,"Bloody brilliant. Fast paced action and lots of sword choppy's for those who wanna get their aggression out. Plays a lot like classic doom, wolfenstein, and of course shadow warrior"
,Recommended,233130,32340016,Posted: 11 June,all,Swampland General,nice game but just buy it at 75%
76561198076145706,Recommended,233130,32419922,Posted: 14 June,all,Gutts,It is one of the games which you need to play before you die.
76561198132298668,Recommended,233130,17935366,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,TheLaughingPineapple,Shadow Warrior is in my opinion the BEST Hack and Slash game out there. The story is massively entertaining and you complete it through tons and tons of comedy. The music along with the visuals are fantastic!
76561198038739493,Recommended,233130,22400197,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Nyukka,So much fun. I first thought that an old game won't be fun but I was wrong. The graphics aren't amazing but the gameplay is.
76561198103831210,Recommended,233130,33168279,Posted: 2 July,all,EPIC3SeVeN,759 people dont know a good game when they see one.
76561198098342233,Recommended,233130,29736829,Posted: 5 February,all,Graykat,This game is really good and even though the enemies and bosses are all very similar it doesn't get boring
,Recommended,233130,1637586,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,[AUTISM] 420,SO BADASS AND WEEABOO
76561197987763842,Recommended,233130,9122454,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,AngryNoob CS.MONEY,Really enjoyed the remake of the game. Reminds me of a Serious Sam meets the orginal Shadow Warrior.
,Recommended,233130,33257658,Posted: 4 July,all,Insanitium,I massacre hordes of demons and get killed by a heavy metal rabbit.10/10
76561198023818066,Recommended,233130,33260423,Posted: 4 July,all,Hentai Connoisseur,Wang
,Recommended,233130,33266533,Posted: 5 July,all,Super Sonico,Весёлое рубилово
76561198058863473,Recommended,233130,9922349,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Devin,I LOVE IT!!!
76561198063425648,Recommended,233130,33246996,Posted: 4 July,all,MasterLord,Loving it so far! Ninja Action 10/10
,Recommended,233130,33357860,Posted: 7 July,all,hamtaro-1H,Amazing.
,Recommended,233130,33170595,Posted: 2 July,all,leithal,Everybody needs a little Wang in their lives!10/10 would watch rabbits humping each other again
76561198007935799,Recommended,233130,8049410,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,deerick7,"Alot better than what the reviews give it credit for, it's at least a 8.0. Alot better than Shadow Warrior 2."
76561197996692952,Recommended,233130,33155968,Posted: 2 July,all,Brianhead27,"This game is a really fun, self-aware first-person action game with a great sense of humor. Be ready to spend a lot of time crawling over every corner of every map looking for the resources you need to power up, though."
76561198063509545,Recommended,233130,33163384,Posted: 2 July,all,saltvstheworld,"Hilarious, challenging and beautiful"
,Recommended,233130,936139,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,BeDOS,"Shadow Warrior is one of the most fun First-Person games I ever had the pleasure of playing in my entire life, it's got everything a game should haveThis is a game I will recommend to all my friends who enjoys a good gaming experience with solid gameplay 9/10"
,Recommended,233130,33126498,Posted: 2 July,all,Sad_weebs,"gore,nice graphic tho 5/10"
,Recommended,233130,33029729,Posted: 30 June,all,winsinnia,cherry blossoms are attractive
,Recommended,233130,33120139,Posted: 2 July,all,DarkSun,"A great 90s style first person corridor shooter with lots of blood and gore, big guns, magic samurai swords and dumb humour.The story isn't that interesting but it keeps a good pace.Guns feel hefty and fun to use.8.5/10. If you enjoy classic shooters like Duke Nukem 3D, Quake 2 and Doom then this is right up your alley."
,Recommended,233130,16701972,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,RoninGazelle,"More blood, More Jokes, Same Wang"
,Recommended,233130,33695930,Posted: 21 July,all,Captain McPants,"I've finished it twice.  The second time I finished it on new-game-plus-maxiumum-available-difficulty. The game's ACTUAL maximum difficulty can only be unlocked after doing the afore mentioned, so technically I am yet to complete this game on its ABSOLUTE ACTUAL DIFFICULTY. One day, I may do that and complete this game's story the third time 'round.As a gamer that fails to make progress in ""time-sink games"", I said all of the above to emphasise that I still consider this product worth my time.In simple terms, I found the melee combat ""satisfying"".  This game goes on a 90% off sale so frequently that you have no excuse, even if you think that this isn't your ""thing""...............................................................................On my next playthrough I will expand this review to include technical details and design critique."
,Recommended,233130,33702627,Posted: 21 July,all,Mr. Bear Zero,"10/10 This game make's me love the inner killer in me again <3 Thank you guys again for giving this game out for free to bad i bought it along time ago! but still! this game is so amazing i love the graphics, The gameplay, The story, Everything! who wouldn't love this game!"
,Not Recommended,233130,33735844,Posted: 22 July,all,manchego obfuscator,"Nails the core combat mechanics, but unfortunately very little else.The combat is really fun and makes a good first impression, and the story is agreeably goofy, but: the controller inputs for the special abilities work maybe half the time; the encounter design is extremely repetitive; the game gates off combat areas without any visual indicator of where the gates are or that they're active, leading to one occasion when I stumbled around for 15 minutes before realizing that I hadn't picked off an enemy; scenery is frequently repeated; and most of all, the levels are fairly linear but often just maze-like enough that the lack of any sort of in-game map becomes very frustrating, a problem exacerbated by the repetition in scenery.Not worth anywhere near full price, IMO."
76561198019790558,Recommended,233130,20900536,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,A. M. Aranth,"I remember playing the original Shadow Warrior back in the '90s and saying ""This is as brutal and crazy♥♥♥♥♥primitive as it can get"" and hell yeah I was loving it.If somebody would time travel back to that forgotten age in a lost millenium and tell me: ""They are going to make a reboot of this. And it's going to have an epic and awesome story. And you're going to get really emotional."" I would tell that person in my best Hungarian: elmész te a kurva anyád vasporos valagába, cimbora.Which isn't really polite.And cometh today, and I would apologise to this time traveller. Because he was damn right.Do I recommend this viscerally emotional and mythologically brutal game? Oh hell yes I do. And sure hope that I'm going to see many more games like this: created with love of the original but with endless creativity and boundless craziness.A great game, folks."
,Recommended,233130,33734691,Posted: 22 July,all,✅3xpl0its,8/10
,Recommended,233130,33751430,Posted: 23 July,all,Senukas Grikis,dis fun
,Recommended,233130,33768210,Posted: 24 July,all,✿ 「Pouty๖ۣۜCottonTail,"I find myself playing in a way that appeases the scoring system instead of wanting to play my own way because you get bonus experience points for doing such a thing.This combined with guns gradually becoming more and more worthless as the katana very much begins to power-creep, you'll find that there's little purpose to using guns when they're so underpowered and the scoring system tends to unfavor them anyway.It would try to have you assume playing gunslinger is the way to go, but in reality, throwing in the occasional charged ki attack or just primarily using your katana is the way to usually get 4.5/5 ratings in combat - You'll actually find yourself lacking in experience if you don't appease it.Easter-eggs should've strickly been for sight-seeing only, as you will also be lacking in useful bonus experience if you do not look for these. It becomes quite a slog opening up a guide and having to follow it to a T all the time, when primarily you would jsut want to play your own way and not have to follow a guide for an otherwise simple FPS gameAll in all though, those are my only real complaints about it. What you have is a pretty nice Shooter game that turns into a slog about half-way through, but is probably worth nabbing when it goes on sale for pocket change."
76561198096272904,Recommended,233130,33881579,Posted: 29 July,all,Infinity Goat,Ultimate wang simulator
,Recommended,233130,33891082,Posted: 29 July,all,Mr Gandarf,LO WANG
76561197965531535,Recommended,233130,33822141,Posted: 26 July,all,Avalanche,"WHO WANT SOME WANG?Shadow Warrior is an awesome and hilarious action/FPS game with a surprisingly deep story, I'm so glad I picked the game up again to finish it, it was totally worth it! It is surprisingly similar to DooM from 2016 in many ways regarding the game mechanics, but the theme is way different. It's supposed to be a re-imagining of the old shadow warrior game from 1997, that's the keyword though, it's NOT a remake. If you like good single player FPS/melee games, you honestly can't go wrong with this.A quick pros/cons summary:Pros+ Great action gameplay, feels good to blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up while Lo Wang makes witty remarks+ Great melee combat and decent gunplay+ Character progression and weapon upgrades+ Amazing deep story with great personality, this was very surprising+ Overall nice design and very neat presentation+ Soundtrack and audio design is really good+ Environments are beautifully crafted+ Large elaborate levels with some exploration and lots of secrets, although mostly linear+ Bossfights+ How can I forget.. HUMOR, TONS OF IT+ You can kill rabbits, and on some occasions they can kill you.Cons- Somewhat dated graphics/low fidelity, especially the geometry tends to suffer- Enemies become bullet sponges on higher difficulties, which takes away the fun of mowing them down. Finished game on hard, which might be a bit too much for some people especially later on in the game and in bossfights, normal difficulty is probably the best experience- Arsenal isn't too big, comparable to DooM (2016) though where you can upgrade stuff and add functionality- Certain fights tend to drag on for too long- Broken fall damage physics, DO NOT DODGE OFF STAIRS, no joke- Bosses in general are not very diverse in terms of behavior. They are all huge, have weak spots and dish out lots of damage with similar attacks.For me the pros greatly outweigh the cons, this game was an amazing experience and I can definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,233130,33847424,Posted: 27 July,all,no swearing relax be cool,Extremely solid melee combat.
76561198013820306,Recommended,233130,33846879,Posted: 27 July,all,pimpin_n_stuff,"There is a TON of fun packed in to this game. There's a bit of running around to unlock doors and such, but it's mostly using weapons and abilities to run through bad guys. And I mean, there are a ton of weapons and abilities to keep the game interesting all the way to the end. I definitely recommend it.Pros:+Good variety of weapons and abilities+Healthy mix of different types of enemies+Just enough running around tasks without getting in the way+Characters and dialog are pretty darn good+Tons of casual fun from beginning to endCons:... -I didn't really follow parts of the story? Might have just been me, but some of the demon world stuff didn't really make sense. At the beginning of some levels the games goes to cut scenes and starts stories without explaining who the demon world characters are or how/why it's relevant to your character at the moment? Maybe it's just me-The bosses are awesomely huge and fun to fight, but a little repetative...Honestly, there's not a whole lot to complain about. This is a well done game and worth the price. Give it a try!"
,Recommended,233130,25181117,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Outlawe,Amazing game.
76561198075118713,Recommended,233130,22502310,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,n O. s L E E P,You like the games where u are just running and soots every thing that is moving? No? U can also slice enemis with katana or with your super powers XD
,Recommended,233130,34584687,Posted: 29 August,all,HoboG,gave me the sniffles
,Recommended,233130,34446032,Posted: 23 August,all,papajofus,Still the very best implementation of melee combat in a first-person shooter I've ever experienced. Highly recommended.
76561197970479197,Recommended,233130,34448665,Posted: 23 August,all,dfaugust2k,whatever. great graphics though.
,Recommended,233130,34448354,Posted: 23 August,all,PandaTheBeyond,GAame iZ gUD. buY IT
,Recommended,233130,22124749,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Rowan,"SCORE: 9/10Shadow Warrior offers a brutally fun experience with a katana and lots of guns. Gore is a key element in this game, as tearing off limbs of enemies with impactful shots or a swift slice leaves them  unable to use certain attacks, hindering their effectiveness against you. This fact easily makes you feel more powerful, and therefore makes the experience more enjoyable.Graphics-wise, this game offers a rather stunning and well-crafted level design, whilst maintaining a steady framerate throughout the entire game. On top of the incredible graphics, there are also tons of hidden secrets, including bathing anime girls. (How is this not 10/10?!)Story-wise, we follow Lo Wang, who is eventually accompanied by Hoji, a demon who seems like a true prick but i assure you; your perspective will change. I cannot fault the writing of this game: It kept me captivated and eager to progress more and more. On top of the perfectly portrayed characters, their dialogue is more than humourous, and always comes in at the perfect times with a♥♥♥♥♥♥joke.Good game. Now, what are you doing?! Go find that anime girl!"
76561197983686267,Recommended,233130,34453020,Posted: 23 August,all,L3V1ATH0N,This game is amazing.
76561198013076071,Recommended,233130,34451856,Posted: 23 August,all,lordcirth,Great fun.  Decent story.  Hilarious one-liners.
,Recommended,233130,34467677,Posted: 24 August,all,Hoto,Decent game at $8. Guns are lame compared to the sword. The sword is pretty much the only reason to play this game over Doom 2016 imo.
,Recommended,233130,34510455,Posted: 26 August,all,PowderGuy,"Buy for Low Price...Good for Fun.Anyway, Western always build a Japan like Mainland  China. The Problem just like my Icon ..."
,Recommended,233130,34595563,Posted: 29 August,all,huPo,"I was a little skeptical about rebooting old series, but it turned out to be very good game.Pros:- Interesting new additions to the gameplay with skills/powers that you can tune up to your liking- Cheesy jokes weren't too cheesy, I'm shamed to admit I actually liked them- Enough gameplay to last for a long time, especially if you're the type to look for secrets- BunniesCons:- Sprinting down the stairs and dying from the fall killed me more than any enemy in the game.- Even though it's a fantasy game, the plot isn't really logical at all. It could've been awesome with the given story, but it lacks some minor happenings to support the major story.4.5/5. I will definitely play this through again multiple times."
76561198192208309,Recommended,233130,34701945,Posted: 2 September,all,U WOT M8,I will tell you all of the good parts in one word: Shurikens
,Recommended,233130,34724200,Posted: 3 September,all,Ninja Tuяtle,DUDE BEST REMAKE EVER !!!!! who wants some wang?
,Recommended,233130,34722443,Posted: 3 September,all,PFUDOR,"Hours of fun, easy to play. Looking forward to shadow warrior 2"
76561197989980790,Recommended,233130,21095683,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Killer claw,Perhaps one of the greatest fps games to come out in a few years and this is a something stange to say with a sharp humor and wits and if you like really old school fps games and are really tiered of about the direction the genre is going you must play this and this is a strange thing for me to say that i was having really fun playing an fps that i never have an also i was laughing when playing so even if you don't play usually these games you owe yourself to try this and if you liked the originl shadow warrior from the late 90's you will like this
76561198072336683,Recommended,233130,34633945,Posted: 31 August,all,Gotham92,"i've been recently try this game so far so good. Various elements of its gunplay, level-design and enemy placement are not based on old-school designs but rather the arena-style shooters like Serious Sam. Somehow the story is quite interesting and some COMEDY JOKES ever on the chinese guy so called LO WANG makes its more interesting. Well the game is surprising smooth. So far i will give it 9/10."
76561198132812456,Recommended,233130,34975097,Posted: 15 September,all,Captanegan,"A little unpolished, and the boss fights are repetitive. However, still funny as hell."
,Recommended,233130,35066440,Posted: 19 September,all,AugustGamer,"Great game! Brilliant single player experience. The combat is great fun, you can really mix it up with all the different weapons and abilities, so it never gets boring. The environments are really cool to traverse through, the colours are really striking and there is a lot of detail. There is a nice mix enemies throughout the campaign. The boss battles are very cinematic."
76561198171050089,Recommended,233130,35066604,Posted: 19 September,all,SlayersPK,An amazing hack and slash game.the story is extreemly long. super fun. gets repetitive tho.
,Recommended,233130,17571908,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Nicking Ninaj,"While the humor is a bit sophmoric at times, and it's penchant for refferencing the original game so often at the beginning irked me a bit, this game ultimatley ended up being very, VERY good. The story was interesting and gave some good exposition for all of the intense gameplay, which is the true heart of this game. The swordplay makes this title an absolute blast, even with a slew of other fantastic weapons. The old-school sensibilities are another selling point that shouldn't be understated. Very solid game."
,Recommended,233130,34893839,Posted: 11 September,all,David Blaine,The best first person gameplay
76561198055500969,Recommended,233130,7944901,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Mortivore,"If you've always wanted to visit China but couldn't afford it, I reccomend this."
76561198102931311,Recommended,233130,13118388,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,FullMetalJackass,"Holy balls, this is good"
76561197991155039,Recommended,233130,34955592,Posted: 14 September,all,Walpurgis,"Really fun shooter.  The graphics are OK, gameplay is smooth and fun, environments are spot on.  I loved the banter between the main character and the demon possessing him.  I also really liked the combo powers you used, made it feel like I was playing a first person fighter game.Lots of gore made my day, body parts flying everywhere.  The boss fights could be a little confusing but nothing that stopped me from clearing them.Overall, worth the purchase.  Especially if you remember the first one, I think it does it justice."
76561198057271142,Recommended,233130,13923196,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,0ZYX,Good game.
76561198094142985,Recommended,233130,34957163,Posted: 14 September,all,TheBigFatPanda,"Who wants Wang?This is a great, underrated, single-player fps. It's kinda like an Asian version of Doom with some more character and some slightly racist humor. It's really fun to just run around and blow up demons while the main character spouts rediculous one-liners.Pros:- Fun, simple gameplay- Rediculous wang-liners (you'll understand when you play it)- Okay storyCons:- Kinda short- not enough Wang9/10"
76561198117663332,Recommended,233130,35021154,Posted: 17 September,all,Jaypetto21,"I haven't finish the game yet but still highly recommend it. It's a lot of fun, action packed and funny as hell shooter/hack & slash game.One big downside in my opinion tho is that the powers are actually a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to pull off mid-fight. I don't know if it's just me, but double tapping forward on my joystick trying to activate a power while I'm also trying to kite ennemies running backwards is kinda dumb. One of my friend was playing with his keyboard though and told me he never had that kind of problems.You should still definitely get this game :)"
76561197970539438,Recommended,233130,35015410,Posted: 16 September,all,closethe.door,"This game met my expectation on a fun slice and dice Eastern theme game. The game pretty much makes fun of us Asians, but not in the offensive or stupid way like the original Shadow Warrior did. The game however DOES really a good system to play and sadly my system isn't really on par but the game is playable to the point. The graphics I'm sure if upgrade my rig would be beautiful. The only complain I have about the game is some of the odd bugs, the music kept playing in the loop, and etc. Otherwise, this is a game I just keep playing."
,Recommended,233130,35085514,Posted: 20 September,all,Buggy,nice game :P
,Recommended,233130,19427589,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Dj.Mike,"Play with a controller and turn on advanced katana movement for the ultimate experience.A great retro feeling shooter title that will satisfy fans of doom nukemstein and the like.The biggest issue is your score at the end of fights which feel completely random, but otherwise I have no complaints.ching/chong would wing the wang again."
76561198040569720,Recommended,233130,17524000,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,PhantasosK,I bought this game not expecting much of it and was surprised to find out just by how far it surpassed my expectaions. I highly recommend you to buy this game.
,Recommended,233130,35212262,Posted: 25 September,all,christooss,Play it even if it's just for the puns. They are Wangtastical!
76561198344644932,Recommended,233130,29733244,Posted: 5 February,all,WhyNotZoidberg,"I had originally left a negative review of Shadow Warrior, but after a lot of messing around with graphics (and a re-install) I got it to work very well. This game is pretty funny and doesn't take itself too seriously, and has decent level design and fun gameplay. Definitely recommend!"
76561198008433937,Recommended,233130,35219026,Posted: 26 September,all,KoldSkurj,"Finished the game. Started my second playthrough on harder difficulty. Picked it up when it was on sale, didn't know what to expect. Was not disappointed.Katana slicing mechanic is implemented almost perfectly, especially after you get a few skill upgrades. I only switch to another weapon if I need a rocket launcher or an smg. Even paid attention to the story from time to time, which I hardly ever do in an FPS game.The game slows down a bit in a few places, but it always picks up the pace as soon as the carnage starts.If you can get this game for $20 or less and you love FPS, go for it."
76561198072971760,Recommended,233130,35443647,Posted: 3 October,all,Macky,"A incredibly fun fps game. For new comers, think of serious sam ninja version. Graphics and gameplay still meets up for 2017 standards and I really enjoyed feeling like a badass ninja. 9/10."
