user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,233230,12402574,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Drolfe,"There are many, many able reviews of this game so I'll just add some short remarks.I find Kairo haunting and beautiful. Every time I reach the final goal, and the credits roll, and the music plays I think of creator Richard Perrin and his father — and the loss of my own — but it’s hopeful and optimistic. Still the entire experience exhibits a sense of loss and recapitulates same. For me the game is an expression that I enjoy somewhat plaintively in its context.I play it often enough at my three-year-old's insistent request. He has none of this context! But he still wants to come back again and again. He finds it mesmerizing as he instructs me where to go and what to inspect next — the first time, his eyes wide in amazement. I think at his age he's captivated by the geometry and the color (children's entertainment is generally far from this). “Go see where the blocks are painted!”, “Go to the black moon!”, “Go in the elevator!”, “Show me the dinosaur!”, “Fly into the sky!” He’s still surprised when the environment springs to life. I’m surprised to see we’ve wandered around Kairo for over 150 hours in the last year or so.In short, a moving experience for a parent, and a curious adventure for a child. Play it together. Appreciate the time you have together.So really, this is a thank you note. Thank you, Richard Perrin and the rest that made Kairo possible."
,Recommended,233230,12043110,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,kekmet,"I am alone.As with most places in this desolate world I find myself in, the room is almost entirely monochromatic. Green, but not a green like living plants, but a green like something sickly and dying. Rotten. Slimy. It is a long corridor, and unlike the other places I have visited, it is somewhat claustrophobic. Large caskets line the sides of the corridor, and as I walk slowly along, looking for something I am expected to do, I stop and investigate one.There is a monitor on each casket. Some are broken, some flicker with static, but this one shows an image, though of what, I cannot see. I stand there for awhile, longer maybe than I should, waiting for something to appear on that monitor, but if the image changes, it is perhaps only my imagination. Or my reflection.Kairo is a strange, ominous world. There are great monoliths to explore, machines that reach up to the heavens, and cramped corridors to wander through. Some rooms have puzzles, some are just desolate walkways, hanging out over an abyss.I feel I am in purgatory. The very first action this game asks you to take is a leap of faith. This is what the game expects of you- perhaps not to understand, but to experience.Visually, this game is a treat of abstract, bold art. Simple, yes, but the limited pallette serves to build the abandoned atmosphere of the game, and Kairo is more than capable of providing small details mixed in amongst the enormous structures. The appearance of the game almost looks somewhat grainy, like an old photograph.The sound is just the howl of empty wind in enormous rooms. Rocks grind and scrape over surfaces as you move puzzles into place. There is some music, but it did not stand out to me in comparison to the rooms that whistle with loneliness.Kairo is, for the most part, a puzzle game. You manipulate these great structures, these old, broken runes, to find your way through. Some of the puzzles are simple, some of them seem to make little sense, requiring simple trial and error. Kairo does provide 'hints' for each level, but they are otiose at best, perhaps deliberately. Still, there is a sense of accomplishment at defeating these particular puzzles, and a continual drive to see what might be next keeps you going.Do I understand what is going on? I feel I do. But at the same time, I feel that there are many right answers.So, come. Walk with me for awhile."
,Recommended,233230,19150958,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Jen_erzsebet ⛥,"Kairo is a first-person puzzle game set in a minimalistic universe.The player journeys through the ruins of a civilization long departed, discovering artifacts and clues about the disappearance of its inhabitants along the way.The puzzles in the game are not groundbreaking, but they are still enjoyable and somewhat challenging.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=557747505The 3D world of Kairo is made up of very basic geometrical shapes, usually being combined to almost give the appearance of a more complex structure.The grittiness, sparseness and colors pervading each room is part of what I think, creates the game's strongest characteristic: its ambiance.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=557717729The soundtrack can be eerie, futuristic, ethereal and unnerving and serves to both enhance the impact of the visuals as well as shape the emotional experience of the player.I found myself enjoying the atmosphere more and caring less about the former inhabitants of the world and the overall message the game conveys.In overall, for a small, adventurous indie title like this, Kairo is still an experience worth having for fans of this sort of game.7/10"
,Recommended,233230,7606061,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Stefneh,"Well this definitely is a strange one.To those that message me every time I write a recommendation saying “you write long recommendations” … THIS is going to be a long one.I have a thing for first person puzzle games at the moment, and I was rather intrigued by this games trailer and description. I think what interested me most, was the sense of ‘mystery’ that I got from the trailer. It doesn’t tell you what it is about, or why you are there or what’s going on… and to be honest this game has a real mysterious feel to it throughout the whole thing, you’re asking yourself questions on the who, what and whys but in fairness they aren’t answered all that clearly.And that isn’t necessarily a bad thing.I think games that are open to interpretation are great in their own way. The whole mystery and wonder to this game is great and all, but the structure and direction can sometimes make you just feel lost. At least for me anyways, that’s just my opinion of course, but there was a few times during the play through that I just asked, what the hell am I supposed to be doing here…The puzzles themselves are very interesting, they are creative, they really make you think and make you put things together in ways that I’m not really used to. They are unique kinds of puzzles and there is a lot of symbols and shapes and colours that you have to try and think about what they might mean and what the logic behind the puzzle might be.The music in the game is very moody, it really brings out that feel of the game. Which for me was quite cold, and dull. There isn’t really a whole lot of “bright” warm colours in the game, there is still colour, but it feels dulled down. There’s also a lot of white in the game, which some people may think ‘pfft well that’s “bright”’ but to me it’s an empty kind of white. The whole game is set in ancient looking dull buildings with strange structures and dull empty colours. You’re on your own with no one around and no one to comfort you but these strange surroundings and sounds and noises that give it a little bit of a creepy twitch to it.Personally, I liked this game. It definitely wasn't one of those games that I couldn't put down until I had finished it 100% full on in one sitting, but it was something I kept coming back to every now and then, taking breaks, until I finally completed it. It took me 15 or so hours to complete it spread over the course of two weeks or so, at times I just wanted it done because getting stuck is a real pain in this game and I felt pretty clueless. I even admit that at a few points I needed help to get past certain obstacles, but all in all I think this was a good game. I enjoyed it, it’s unique and interesting and you can tell the creator is really quite creative.If you enjoy first person puzzle games, I would say it is something that should at least be tried. I can see how it might not be some people’s cup of tea, but I think it’s worth the experience.TL;DR : It's weird, buy it. Creative puzzles, eerie music and generally unique."
76561198037005915,Recommended,233230,12885704,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,HeroSpirit,"Kairo is one of thise gems amongst the steam garbage I seem to keep running into. After playing antichamber, I absoultely had to play Kairo.Kairo is a game in which you appear to be embarking into the depths of an ancient egypt-like machine that either uses magic or technology too far beyond you to understand. Either way, Kairo is one of those games that doesn't explain anything to you (though you have the option of hints, which don't help much) so it requires a lot of problem solving and logistics on your part.Most of the puzzles are self-explanitory, and the ones that aren't normally are supplied with a stone or wall you have to look at. Once you find those, you then proceed to facepalm realizing how simple the complex-looking puzzle really is.  Even so, the puzzles really are challanging, to the point where I actually had to look up a walkthrough for one of them because it didn't seem to be based on any rhyme or reason (and that I couldn't find any stones or walls to explain it) I'm sure you'll identify the one I'm talking about if you play this game.The story is widely open to interpretation though. There were points in the story that sent a legit chill down my spine. Other moments had me scratching my head wondering what just happened. In order to understand it, you're required to fill in a lot of blanks.Overall, despite it's cheap graphics and oddly slippery controls, Kairo is a game that you'll enjoy figuring out for yourself, and then be proud to finish."
,Not Recommended,233230,12386909,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Joga,"I'm not a huge fan of Kairo. It's a puzzle game, but you never get those satisfying ""ah-ha!""moments from a puzzle successfully solved. The puzzles are often frustrating, esoteric and are rarely particularly logical. There's thankfully a built-in hint system, but that doesn't really make it any more satisfying. You end up with a more ""Oh, that's what they wanted me to do? Huh, okay."" than anything. The (very) minimal graphics, sound and story don't do much to entice you to slog through the rest of the game.If you want a surreal, minimalist walking simulator,NaissencEis a much better game. If you want surreal first-person puzzling in a clean white-washed environment, go forAntichamberor even something likeQUBE.I enjoy surreal/minimalist walking simulators and first-person puzzlers, but this game just doesn't do it for me."
,Recommended,233230,7925973,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,krayzkrok,"Kairo is a game of exploration in a strange and unsettling world, one built of geometric structures in a stark monochromatic setting. Alien-looking monoliths loom out of the colour haze, blocks shift as you move, it's unnerving and there's an overwhelming feeling of being watched and isolated at the same time. The soundscape is dominated by an unearthly ambient score, with various musical notes and effects cues when appropriate; it generates a lonely atmosphere, and Kairo never forgets that you're there to experience its world. There are three main hub areas, each containing a handful of modest puzzles, and there are several secrets and hidden glyphs to find. It shouldn't take you longer than 5 hours to finish the three main hubs, but it's worth every minute that you spend in its unique world."
,Recommended,233230,8698288,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Fortunato,One of the strangest games  I have ever seen. For those who appreciate weird stuff with lots of puzzles and and creepy atmosphere (not even exactly sure why...): Go for it!
,Recommended,233230,9892182,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,bocca_chiusa,"I wouldn't call it exactly a game. Yet it's not just a 3d-puzzle. It's more like a piece of meditative experience offered to a player. Strongly reminds me of some other studios' works which seem to be half-games and half-art objects: Tale of Tales and their Fatale, Ice-Pick Lodge and their Tension, and so on.Some could find Kairo's atmosphere uncomfortable or even creepy, but for me it worked quite alright. The sound suits really well to grim and lonely landscapes. The puzzles aren't too... puzzling, but are sometimes really fun to solve.Secret rooms and hidden bonuses included."
76561198041347348,Recommended,233230,22842085,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,deconst,"You have to go into this with a certain mindset. This is more Tarkovsky's Solaris than Soderbergh's. Put aside an evening, make a hot cup of tea, put on some headphones, sit back and relax. Enter this experience not expecting a narrative to hold your hand through it; like a comfy blanket, take your time, squirm into it. Don't feel bad about looking up the answers to the puzzles, if you need to; they're not the point. Appreciate the scale and breadth of the architecture, that's the point.As the experience progresses, let the sense of dread settle in, as the isolation and starkness wash over you. If you take it that way, you will love it."
,Recommended,233230,11128272,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Luna Luck,"This is one of those puzzle games that is very difficult. It's llike taking a pretzel, placing it in a room with two torches and asking someone to figure out the puzzle. The puzzles in this game tend to range from ""Oh wow, the answer is simple"" to ""how does this even result in THAT kind of answer?!""The graphics remind me a lot of older Playstation games which is alright in this case. This isn't meant to be a masterpiece, it's more of an art style game, it takes a good eye to enjoy this and the puzzles that lie inside. As for those little out of spot marks you see here and there in each part of the game, let's just say it results in getting the best ending ever (coffee is great indeed).The sounds are something else and just sound so lively in a place that is almost entirely desolate. Find a certain thing or two in the game can be equally heartbreaking and allows you to come to your own conclusion on what you think led to the events in this game.9.5/10 Would recommend to friends. The achievments are a bit difficult but fun to get. :)"
,Recommended,233230,8631066,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,proudlarry,"""See, the object of the game is to get this machine somehow to spit out tickets. Now, I really haven’t figured out how that works yet, and I don’t know what these wooden balls are for. I mean, I’ve been eating them.""- Johannes Scotus Eriugena"
,Recommended,233230,8524451,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,TheRogueTrader,"Amazing atmosphere, I was constantly compelled to continue on and complete everything. And oh was it worth it in the end."
76561197987001733,Recommended,233230,8027403,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Hallowsend,"Kairo is an experience game, likely to be lumbered in the Dear Esther, Gone Home, etc crowd, but despite this it's a really unique experience, and one definitely not to pass up. It's ethereal, ambient, and deserted, yet unnerving and alien. A good late night game lasting a few hours. There are puzzles each step of the exploration, and you can just do these and get the impression you're contributing to a much larger puzzle you eventually solve, or you can read into things much further. You're not given too much to go on, but you can surmise a few things. I completed it and then read a guide that showed how to solve the three non-essential puzzles which give strong indications of a deeper underlying narrative. These puzzles are a huge qualitative step up in difficulty. The main puzzles are fairly straightforward enough to not even need the hint system, but these are fiendish and involve getting hints from places well outside of the puzzle rooms and even needing the assistance of other Kairo players. I wasn't prepared to spend the time I'd spent doing the main game just hunting for ways to get these last bits, so I used a guide. If you don't have time either, I really recommend doing the same to get these last titbits as they firmly solidify hints you may have picked up throughout the main journey as to the meaning and purpose of Kairo, which is a really excellent thing. A good interpretation is here, which the creator has said is 'about 80% correct', but beware huge spoilers! Come back to this when you're done!http://www.electrondance.com/the-secret-of-kairo/"
,Not Recommended,233230,18416429,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,JacquesLeSauve,"The anatomy of a good puzzle can be a difficult thing to understand, and an even harder thing to manufacture. It can't be so easy that it feels like a pointless exercise used to fill otherwise empty space, but not so hard that it feels like it's actively fighting against you to get in your way and prevent you from moving forward. It should give you all the pieces of information you need in such a way that will allow you to naturally make the connection and reach its conclusion under your own enterprise. Ideally it will also have a specific purpose and serve a function within the game's world, if not its story. But most importantly, it has to be fun, to reward the player with a sense of satisfaction and accomplishment once they do put all the pieces together in their head and turn a creative thought into glorious action. Sadly, Kairo fails on most of these counts, and by some margin.I'm a big fan of the first-person, puzzle exploration genre, so when I saw this being mentioned in the same breathe as games like Antichamber and The Stanley Parable, and especially seeing the art style in pictures and videos, I couldn't get my hands on it fast enough. Unfortunately, it probably has about as much in common with those games as Gran Turismo has with Mario Kart. Initial impressions were really good. You start off at the foot of a throne on a small slab of land seemingly floating in an endless, white void, the only other feature being a large, blocky structure floating a brief distance ahead of you. Some steps invite you down into the white where you find you can freely walk among the nothingness and make your way over to the other structure. So far, so good. It's set the tone with something unique and mind-bending. Everyone loves a good mystery, so already you're compelled to venture further and find out what this strange place is and discover your role among it all... Several hours later, after having unlocked and completed everything, I still feel none-the-wiser about any of it.Having tried to read up on it on discussion boards and such, the prevailing theory seems to be something about mass  interstellar relocation and your janitor-like role of reawakening a ship on its approach to its new home and the hope of a new chance and fresh start for a dying species - possibly ancient aliens, possibly future humanity... the jury's still out on that one. But to be completely honest, the whole thing feels like pretentious art w*nk of the highest order either way. It smacks of The Emperor's New Clothes to some degree and like there's so much vagueness to everything that anyone can project their own meaning to whatever they like and make it infinitely more profound than it would be were it merely explained to us in any degree of detail. If you have a worthy story then tell it! Let it be known and understood so people can enjoy it and share it. Don't hide it behind walls of damn near impenetrable symbolism and open-ended hints. Rather than coming across as mysterious it just ends up feeling like it lacks any real substance, and were it not for reading all the wild conspiracies, any faint trace of a story would have been completely lost on me as a result.What I did get was a series of unengaging puzzles in an array of strange environments where nothing seemed to make sense or have any reason. Some are simple switch-based affairs, others are more demanding and require some considered observation and noting, and none of them hit that sweet Goldilocks spot of being not too easy or not too hard. In fact, despite the generous, optional hint system, as time went on I found myself increasingly resenting their very existence in the game as they only seemed to hinder any sense of enjoyment or wonder at the spectacle of my surroundings. That's probably the one thing this does get right, as the stark, minimalist use of bold colour mixed with the challenging geometry of the architecture makes for a real marvel of design. But when that's the only real strength, it ultimately makes this feel like an interactive art installation more than a bona fide game.So that's all you're really left with. When all you can do is walk, run and jump, with no actual option to manually interact with anything or make use of an inventory or even pick up any items, you just end up roaming around stepping on pressure pads or passing through beams of light until you're told you've completed the puzzle them move on to the next one. The game makes for some pretty pictures, but beyond that there's really nothing else I can recommend about it. In fact, while Steam tells me I spent 5 hours with this, it honestly felt like more than twice that, and I'm pretty sure that even counts all the Alt Tabbing I did as I needed to get away from the game's puzzles for a while. Whenever I was playing it I was thinking about other games I'd rather be experiencing instead, and when I wasn't playing it I dreaded the prospect of booting it up, eventually completing it only to get it over with so I'd never have to touch it or think about it again.The only reason to have any interest in this game would be to go to its Store page, to scroll down, then to click on the list of similar (and no doubt far better) games in its genre then investigate those instead. Otherwise everything feels too much like art for art's sake and lacking in every other area. In short, avoid."
,Recommended,233230,15056355,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Carbeano,"I picked up this game on a whim when it went on sale some time ago, and while it's not very long (I completed it in three hours) it's unique enough to where I consider it merits a review of its own.First off, let me nerd out at how good the ambiance is for a couple of paragraphs. The visuals are given sense by an excellent sound design, which kept me on edge for the duration of my playthrough; an achievement, considering the fundamentally abstract and calming nature of the setting. I didn't ever not feel like I was in an old, abandoned, alien place which might fall apart at any second, except when I finished the puzzle in the area and the whole place lighted up and started functioning again, but even then, the sense of foreboding was ever-present. Wide open areas get floaty synths that lurk just outside your hearing, punctuated by the slightpat pat patof the character's walking, and inside areas each have a soundtrack that fits in well with what's around you. Going in blind, I half-expected the game to throw in some jumpscares at me at some point or another, but the actual gameplay was very deliberate and focused around the ""narrative"".The game also shines in its visuals. You might be thinking, ""Well, yeah, the game markets itself as a puzzle/exploration game, it's bound to have some nice environments"", but some areas are unique enough to actually merit a ""Holly♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is amazing"". This makes the actual gameplay suffer at times, though, as you're made to slowly walk up and down a ramp to press at buttons to try to figure the room's huge puzzle in an epic journey that was evidently designed to show off every possible angle of the room with no regards to how long it might take to get from one place to another.The actual puzzles themselves, the main focus of the game, is where it's a bit lacking. For all the praise I might sing of its visuals and environments, it's a bit hard to justify some of the choices regarding their design. I found myself having to constantly check at the in-game hints and a guide I kept handy to figure out the worst of them. There's a special variety that I particularly loathed, which are the kind of puzzle that required you to move against a timer over pressure pads on the floor in a particular pattern, which was made very infuriating with the character's tendency to slide around as if the floor was iced over. I'd say this is the area of the game where it's at its weakest.I mentioned the game's narrative with quotation marks earlier on in this review, and that is because it's entirely possible to ignore it and never know anything about it, as it's never actually presented to you. It's just ""there"", and it doesn't care if you pick up on it or not. It's perfectly fine with sitting alone above the dusty door-frame of the room you just dismissed as pure eye candy and never having anything to do with you. It's not terribly complicated or unique, but it gives a sense to your running around, so I do recommend you take the time to trying to figure it out.Should you buy this game? If you can overlook that it's quite average as puzzle games go, and instead want to be awed by the amazing environments and architecture that it provides, sure, go for it. If not, you'll probably be wasting your money.I should also mention that it runs excellently in lower-end computers. So there's that."
,Not Recommended,233230,15138044,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Grent [AFEG],"Kairo is... odd. Everything about this game seems like it's working towards something genuinely fun and interesting but it never came together for me.  The puzzles are a little too abstract (any puzzle where figuring out the goal of the puzzle is the actual puzzle isn't a great puzzle, and there are plenty of those), the graphics are almost cool but are a little too simple to hold my attention, and while the minimalistic soundtrack works for the game, it's by no means a draw to it.  Maybe if you have an Oculus or something this game is for you, but on just a plain old 2D monitor, I'm not really feeling it."
76561198025025928,Recommended,233230,10760789,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,j.w.yergan,"What is Kairo? A mystery? A haven? A weapon? Drawn to a truly awing series of subdimensional rooms set throughout different sacred ruined structures and glimpsing dozens of different ages and stages of Earthen architecture, you must discover the truth that lies within. Only by reactivating each mechanism and bringing life back to these ruins will you find the answers you seek. What is Kairo? Is it a beginning? Is it an end? Each room is its own purpose, its own meaning, its own separate, desperate secret. The shattered memories of a whole culture, a vast race locked with each carved rock and echoed through each signal that reaches up from the deepest void. Kairo has a calling, Kairo has a need. Bring Kairo back to the light, clear the dust off this great ancient machine, and resuscitate this sleeping monolith. What is Kairo? The past? The present? The future? Kairo is life. Kairo is death. Kairo is rebirth. Yet, most of all, Kairo...is waiting."
,Not Recommended,233230,4712288,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,MacroPower,"Okay, normally I'm a fan of these games that lean more towards ""art"" than ""entertainment"". However, if you take away some neat film grain, you don't have much left. The world was constructed sloppily, and although the lack of engineering *sometimes* gives a sort of eerie feeling, it wasn't up to par.The puzzles lacked interesting mechanics and were not at all fun to solve, and the story (from what I played) was also pretty weak and virtually nonexistent.I feel like not a lot of work was put into this game, and do not recommend that you buy it."
,Recommended,233230,17108260,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,weyshon,"you don't just ""play"" the game, it's an experience that is like a dream."
,Recommended,233230,7802000,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,apocolips18,This game was fantastic. I loved the atmosphere of it and it ran perfectly. The puzzles were challenging at times and you could return to any point of the game at any time to explore some more. Certainly reminded me of favorites such as the Myst series. A great game and well worth the 5 dollars.
,Recommended,233230,32221161,Posted: 6 June,all,emreovus33,"How can you transform a 3D environment with textures that is repeating and can be easily took even wıth a 2 MP camera, lighting that comes out of nowhere and nearly infinite fog that prevents you from seeing 10 meters in front of you into a masterpiece of art?This is Kairo.10/10I need more Kairo Coffee."
,Recommended,233230,29238639,Posted: 13 January,all,Wrath,"I have played this game twice now and I can safely say that I have absolutely no idea what happens in it or what it all means. I recommend it, but cannot point to any good reason why I should. It's strange, it's bizarre, and the entire experience is essentially ""what kind of video game would I make if I were only allowed to code while blazed?"" I'm relatively certain that the game is an exploration of the remains of a community on another world, but it definitely plays a lot better as an exercise in navigating someone's LSD-riddled subconscious. Because, as far as I can tell half of the time you stare at the screen going ""What."", there is actually no right answer.You progress by completing a number of puzzles and some of those can be tricky because there are times that it isn't immediately obvious that what you are looking at even is a puzzle, let alone what it expects you to do. You can ask the computer to give you up to three hints with various degrees of obviousness in order to solve the puzzles; however, in a number of rooms after spending ten minutes going ""what in the world am I doing"" or ""this is impossible"", you can press the hint buttons which will tell you ""actually, this room does nothing at all and you're just wasting your time"".So, after a while, I don't know, you can just relax and slip into ""ah, yes, another screwy thing in this dude's crumbling mind, of course it doesn't make sense, of course I have no idea what's going on"". This game is a mental prison and you have to escape the prison. If you want 2-4 hours of going ""wtf is this - wtf is that"" then it's for you, but don't expect much."
76561197961211576,Recommended,233230,8651245,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,badgerfroth,"This is one of those small gems that only a dedicated indie dev could pull off.So simple, unusually pretty and a soundtrack that matches perfectly.For the tiny handful of pounds you're being asked to pay, you really should give it a go."
,Recommended,233230,12883643,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Nightwater,This game made my brain make the noise a deflating tire makes.
76561198180090123,Recommended,233230,15472230,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,SilverFalcon,This title has given me a comfortable escape.  The puzzels are fun and not too difficult. The music is hauntingly beautiful and will likely find its way tomy iTunes reading play list.
,Recommended,233230,18079650,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Audish,"If you have any kind of appreciation for grand, surrealist landscapes, Kairo will hit the right notes for you. Cubist swamps, gravity-defying mechanisms, distant stone cities, and forests of infinite pillars await. Fog and limited draw distance are used to great effect here, shrouding impossibly huge structures from you until you move close enough for them to emerge from the murk. The environments are colorful and unique and seem to tell a story by their very nature. There's no text or dialogue in Kairo, but it has hints of the Dark Souls storytelling-without-telling motif.Gameplay is about as simple as it gets. You walk, you run, you jump. There's no key for using, holding, or interacting here. Everything you need to fiddle with is done by proximity. This often manifests as pressure plates or stones to push, but there are more creative applications like devices that only activate when you stand in a certain orientation with them. The puzzles get hard too, so be prepared for some serious experimenting and creativity to work out how some of them function. There are some secrets to find as well, which require combing every nook and cranny of the dreamlike architecture... which is something you'll want to do anyway.The big knock I have against Kairo is that, as well-done as the atmosphere and design is, it still looks like a Half-Life 1 mod. All the shapes lack detail and there are only a few basic textures used throughout. However, the game makes the most of its minimalist presentation, and in the end it could be seen as more of an asset than a drawback if you can immerse yourself in it. Overall, this is a great game for the look and feel it conveys, and it's usually so cheap that there's no reason not to pick it up."
76561197970520668,Recommended,233230,15142844,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Medereyes,"For a game that tosses you into a world without an instruction manual, I found it pleasant to play. I feared I would be frustrated beyond hope since I'm pretty poor at puzzle games, but the atmosphere I saw in video reviews convinced me to try it anyways. Answers to the puzzles just come to you as you take in the scenery. A lot of other puzzle games would be easier if I had a decent memory and some conventional wisdom. I just fumble through most of it, therefore this game doesn't have this requirement to enjoy."
,Recommended,233230,115428,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,ɴᴜᴄʟᴇᴜs ᴀᴄᴄᴜᴍʙᴇɴs φ,"Kairo offers a great atmospheric, eerie and subtle journey through its deserted world. The puzzles are well-thought for the most part but the experience is slightly too short.""For everyone who ever needed a second chance."""
,Recommended,233230,20392550,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,kessiR,"Very creepy, despite there being no NPCs or other beings in the game world. Or maybe because of it?Regardless, its very atmospheric and immersive. I had goosebumps all the time while playing :)"
76561198136678645,Not Recommended,233230,26480064,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Adam Jensen 007,"Kairo a game as dry as the Cairo desert (Get it?)The Bad:The game offers no hints. If you are stuck, bad luck.No story line no plot. Just solve these random puzzlesGraphics are mediocre at best. Just boxes and circles. I wonder if the developer could have been more creativeAchievement: achievements can be hard without a guide. However, the steam community guide made this game an easy 100%. Almost impossible without the guide.No manual saves: If achievements do not trigger at their appropriate time, bad luck. You have to start the game over. There is auto save. You do not have to finish the game in one-sitting. However, if the achievements do not trigger, start over...The Good:It has trading cards"
76561198175014390,Recommended,233230,17037279,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,The_Evolution,"I played lots of puzzles and walking simulators, and this one differs from the others for having a good variety of simple challenges in an atmospheric desert world mostly made of stone with some hidden and strange stuff along the way.the idea is good and the visual is pretty well done. The only flaw of Kairo's devs is the lack meaning in the game progress. There's no concrete story (at least untill the part of the game i'm in), only randon pictures in some places and visions that only appear if you solve optional puzzles that won't explain much. But I recommend this game if you like the genre and if it's on sale, of course.PS: This game is definitely an Illuminati admission test, I can feel it!"
76561198141404871,Recommended,233230,21051846,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,joan4003,"Warning: Can cause motion sickness.  Can not even imagine playing this with Oculus Rift, considering how motion sick I got playing on a console in ten to fifteen minutes segments.Interesting concept.  Abandoned? quantum distorted world of unknown purpose and design.  As the player traverses through this alien world? they complete tasks to restart machinations in three locations: the ""lighthouse/power"" room, the ""engine"" room, and the ""control"" room.  Why? and for what purpose? is left for the player to decide but the end shows the revilitalization of the planet Earth.  Many questions are left open, most starting with W, as in What happened? Why? When? Where is kairo? What is kairo? But the most intriguing question I find is Who is the player really?  An unknown entity? A survivor? An explorer? A tasked performer of intergalaxic goodwill?Gameplay: Walking simulator with point and click elements, no inventory, just ""touch"" to perform certain tasks.  A puzzle game that focuses on solving how to restart the massive machinations of world building proportions.There are extra ""finds"" to be looked for in each area: 6 runes and 1 ""vision"" puzzle to find and solve.  Once all of these are found in every location a ""secret"" ending is revealed.A very unique game with a very unique perspective, and more questions then answers."
,Not Recommended,233230,10155910,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,electricshrock,"I played this for a while and... while there's nothing really WRONG with it, I've seen the same kind of concept done much better. The gameplay, for example, is much the same as Naissance - wander a mysterious environment, the purpose of which is unknown, solving abstract logic puzzles. But compared to the elegant beauty of that game, Kairo seems crude, and in some areas not even properly finished. Kairo is kinder to your wallet, but Naissance is a much more worthy investment of time."
,Recommended,233230,12466599,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Hitchet,"Probably, the strangest puzzle game I've ever played. You can find yourself in the world of amazing monumental architecture. Nobody will help you to get out of here.7/10"
,Recommended,233230,27898529,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,AzoreanEve,"I thoroughly enjoyed this more than I anticipated.Kairo needs you figure out the mechanic for each puzzle, unlike many other puzzle platformers, where a mechanic is introduced in the beginning and the game revolves around that mechanic (like Portal and the portal gun, Antichamber and the cube gun, etc).Here you don't need to learn anything, there's no tutorial section or equipment to obtain. Every puzzle is solved by moving about and going to the right place, sometimes at the right time.Visually, the graphics are simple, Very simple. The grain filter (optional) makes them look even grittier. This felt fitting to the scenery and theme of the game, especially when coupled with the soundtrack. However, keep in mind that when you set the FOV higher than default, the camera will clip through walls.The game is short. You can 100% it in a couple of hours if you don't loiter around and are fast at the puzzles. There's no actual story told to you, but you do see some things that give you substance for speculation on what is going on in this world.Oh and Kairo has number stations scattered around! Transmitting!"
,Not Recommended,233230,28287893,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Vortiene,"Exploring the giant empty rooms is not hugely fun or engaging in the end. Is there a story? Is there any reason for me to care about it? After finishing the game, I don't really know. There are plenty of puzzles, most of them very very straightforward, where the harder ones are usually hard due to jankiness, such as aligning something based on your X/Y axis movements. The puzzle solving elements are OK, mediocre at best. One of the puzzles was, not even lying, 'press this button repeatedly until RNG decides you can solve the puzzle.' That's a bit lazy.The environments are interestingly designed and laid out, but usually very empty, and monochromatic. It's a stretch to call ""make some shapes in unity and instead of designing interesting textures just make everything monochrome and overlay a grain effect"" stylish. If you set your field of view higher than 60 degrees (the default), you can see through walls. It seems like this game just barely functions as intended. The graphical complexity is very very low as well.It's around 2-3 hours long, depending on whether you get stuck on puzzles. The soundtrack repeats often, changing between tracks in most rooms. Approximately 30% of the game is spent walking across large expanses that do not stay interesting to look at for that entire time spent walking.If you're the artsy type, it's possible that you'll enjoy this game. If you are into puzzle solvers, there are many better options. This game approaches being a walking simulator due to the large amount of walking to the next area in comparison with puzzle solving."
,Recommended,233230,7659186,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,SoggyWarmPockets,"I had a love/hate relationship with this game. At times, it couldn't hold my interest. At others, I was enthralled. I found it to be beautiful, disturbing, confusing, and simple, yet vastly complex. Most puzzles were easy to solve, yet I found mysef consulting guides and walkthoughs more than once, especially when it came to finding runes and unlocking secret areas. It is really more of an experience than a game, and I found it oddly comforting to play with a broken heart."
,Recommended,233230,16090075,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,LadyAstolat,"This game felt like things I've seen in dreams. Loved it for the ambience/aesthetic alone, the puzzles made it all the more interesting."
76561197971276058,Not Recommended,233230,30454111,Posted: 11 March,all,debe.sys,"Well, ths is interresting, no doubt about it, but if you played Naissancee (the closest thing in concept, but far superior) or Antichamber, not to mention the Witness or Talos Principle, you will find this too primitive, too ugly, too pointless. If you haven't played any of those games, then play them and don't waste your time on this."
,Recommended,233230,11221537,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,[F!] Aldershot,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1kmUrQUPacKairo is one of the most uniquely atmospheric game I've played. It's visuals are simple, but expertly crafted, both eerie and gorgeous at the same time. To say the least, the game is surreal in it's aesthetics. While the environment is some thing to take in, it's not just about looking at pretty set pieces, the game features mind bending puzzles as it's main motivator.Though the game is incredibly enjoyable, and wonderfully put together, it does have some minor flaws. The movements feel rather sluggish, and at best, floaty, and there isn't much incentive to replay the game once completed. Not to sound cliche, but Kairo really is about the journey and not the destination.For $5.00 at it's full price, you are getting a quality product. I can not recommend this game enough, especially at it's low price point.Pros:- Excellent aesthetics- Surreal and eerie atmosphere- Interesting puzzles- A very unique game overall- $5.00 is unreasonably cheap. This is a good thing for the consumer (I personally think it's worth more than just $5.00)Cons:- Floaty controls- Not a lot of replay incentives"
76561197969749884,Recommended,233230,23566405,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"Interesting puzzler / walking simulator. Very minimalistic, but spot-on art design."
,Recommended,233230,13668560,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,rz2k,"Interesting experiment. If you have a thing for architecture, this is for you.Don't expect much gameplay out of this, though."
76561198055690415,Not Recommended,233230,15111113,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Potatokin,"I'm nothing if not a fan of ambiguity to such an extreme that I can interpret something as a commentary on whatever I dern well please, and Kairo is an experience that excels in creating a blank slate open to any and pretty much all interpretations. This game is simplicity in action, and as I delved deeply into the carved blocks of granite/obsidian/stone/randomness to discern some hidden meaning behind it all, I found myself continually following my own line of thought, like a dog trailing after the scent of a long lost bone he buried somewhere deep in the earth.I honestly attempted to like this game, but sometimes a little concrete meaning is required after a jumble of meaningless gravel. What I mean is that Kairo is far too ambiguous; I can wander aimlessly through this game and decide what it means for myself until, quite literally, the very end, at which point Kairo finally decides to give me something solid - not okay, guys, not okay.Kairo is a game that lets you wander through a child's block fort, occasionally posing *cough cough* ""puzzles"" that briefly halt your progress through the maze of nothingness. I felt as though the developers had a clear idea as to what they wanted to say, sat down in a conference room and said ""Hey guys, woudn't it be really cool if we..."" and then glued together a jumbled mess of a game.... Sorry, 'experience'. I received conflicting feelings of paranoia and comfort throughout the game, feeling at one time as though I were being watched and at another time as though I were revolting against an omnitient, though not omnipotent, regime, slowly tearing it down brick by ambiguous brick. I think each *cough cough* ""puzzle"" in this 'experience' was arbitrarily assigned some deeper 'meaning' after the story-board team smoked an acre of some illegal substance. That doesn't fly with me. I am certainly not saying I don't LOVE pushing my smug nose up and saying ""Oh yesh, I am a very smart man and love interpreting games and books and movies because I am so deep and insightful"" because I do love to say that. I am a smarmy head-up-my-ahem turd; Kairo is a jumbled mess of obfuscated meaning with an alternate ending (oh joy) to encourage further 'experiencing'. That's cheap, guys.IN BRIEF (he said ironically): Kairo is a block fort, glued together by a toddler hyped up on three gallons of coffee. Then a guy walked by and glued a tagline onto it that belongs at the bottom of an inspirational cat poster. If you have something to say, then say it. If you believe in what you're saying, then you want people to agree with you: make sure they know what you believe.10/10"
,Recommended,233230,12853588,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,That flighty broad.,Beautiful game! Great atmosphere and an intriguing mystery that's revealed silently through puzzles. Worth the five bucks for sure!
76561198080163360,Not Recommended,233230,13927712,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,_donda_,"I kept waiting for something interesting to happen, some secret to uncover, some story to unfold – but it is just a long sequence of pretty, mostly empty, monochrome halls and spaces with more-or-less intriguing puzzles. The few ""story-related"" hints every now and then do not match the basic design, they feel like foreign objects artificially inserted and in no way constitute storytelling. Apart from that: both visual and sound design are adequate, sometimes even fascinating, but of course not on the same level as the ""big"" titles."
,Recommended,233230,12482488,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Tome[CT],Playing this game feels like a walk through a museum of modern art. Interactive museum of experimental art. Full of puzzles and mysteries.Captivating atmosphere. Great soundtrack.If you want to see how games can work like an art be sure to check this one!
,Recommended,233230,17119197,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,yugster,nice millennium puzzle labyrinth simulator
,Recommended,233230,10892306,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,FNK,Hidden behind rough visuals and debatable design choices lies a real gem of a game. 8/10
76561198036338106,Recommended,233230,27891739,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,smelliga,"Kairo is the pinnacle of efficient and effective game design. Using nothing more than the most basic geometric graphics, it somehow manages to craft awe-inspiring vistas, mind-bending puzzles, and a complex open-ended backstory.It ends up being less of a ""game,"" and more of an immersive experience that stays with you long after you've shut off the computer. I would rank it in my top 5 titles of all time.If you are a fan of exploration, or of Myst-like puzzlers, do yourself a favour and add this to your library."
76561198032748219,Recommended,233230,29905119,Posted: 13 February,all,FlashOfIce,"Intricate puzzles that require creative problem solving. Wonderful for relaxing. Are the graphics a tad flat? Yes, but that's not the focus of the game."
,Recommended,233230,26327028,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Manbeast,"Very original and challenging puzzle game. As you start exploring the world you're in and start solving puzzles you will start gathering pieces of information on WHAT on earth you're actually doing all this for. VERY atmospheric game with some serious creepyness at times.Some puzzles rely on speed, many rely on observational skills and hardly any of them are easily solved.The game also has a secret bonus ending that requires the collection of 18 hidden runes and the destruction of 3 very well hidden monoliths. I had 8/18 and 0/3 after finishing the game, so I wasn't even close to getting it.Highly recommended if you like games that focus on puzzles, atmosphere, mystery, exploration and a little creepyness."
,Recommended,233230,15296508,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,DevoidChaos,"its a very surreal and creepy game (nothing like jump-scares though) and the puzzles are great, I would deffenitly reccomend this to anyone who likes puzzle games"
,Recommended,233230,23280377,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Lokewen,WTF!?
76561198290238998,Recommended,233230,23372398,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Clarence,"Kairo is as simple as it gets. It is an artsy, abstract and super minimalist walking simulator. And, as such, I think it excel, as it is always throwing at you new kind of imagery, puzzle and scenery. At no point I found Kairo to be lazy, reusing too often room design. I recommend using a guide though. Due to the minimalistic approch of the game, some puzzle are very cryptic.If the idea of walking through monochrome rooms of block, sphere and triangle while engulfing deeply into your own though and emotion is appeling to you, you will like this game. My advice is to surrender yourself to Kairo and let every bit of creativity sink in without looking for a finite explanation of what is happening around you."
,Recommended,233230,12091622,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Toxic League,"I think I've finally achieved Nirvana...either that or my mind has just been completely blown. Kairo is jaw dropping immense game of abstract exploration. It's easy to just stop and gaze upon the minimalistic visuals and animations because they are so moving and powerful. As you solve puzzles the world around you changes to reveal things that are impossible to describe in words. The sounds and music are ominous and dramatic, yet they do not frighten and somehow even offer comfort. The puzzles provide a perfect equilibrium of not being overly complicated without solving themselves. Kairo is truly a work of art on so many levels."
,Recommended,233230,24912430,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,TheQuantumTantrum,"I really do enjoy my first person puzzle games, and that is exactly what Kairo is. Though Kairo is missing a neat mechanic that other more famous first person puzzle games have, it does have very clever puzzles in a fantastic geometric environment. Though some may argue that Kairo is a walking simulator, I would say that it is more than that.Now, as with many puzzle games, the difficulty curve is very important. Kairo does not hold your hand through play, but it does give you some idea on what to do. The curve is very good, as the difficulty does ramp up slightly while the puzzles become more interesting. However, there is one puzzle that is based around your position on a platform which, personally, I had to look up a solution as it was very difficult to understand. Other than that, the game succeeds in having very good puzzles in a gorgeous environment.The soundtrack in nothing spectacular as it is just ambience, but there is no loop which is great. Story is non-existent, which is fine as you do not need a story for this type of game. There are easter eggs and other things to do after completion, which slightly increases the length of the game. In fact, there is really no major issue with the game, and I would suggest picking it up if you enjoy obscure puzzle games."
76561197997962810,Recommended,233230,23238874,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,James & the Giant Forehead,"Chill environment including sounds/music, challenging puzzles that vary so you aren't constantly doing the same thing, some trippy environments.I really enjoyed this game. Felt original and is definitely worth the price point."
,Recommended,233230,14363896,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Nyc2x,"A puzzler game with a deep story that's conveyed without speech or reading. A wonderful piece of explorable, challenging artistry, a stunning collection of esoteric architecture, and a delightfully peculiar journey.Game: 7.0/10Graphic: 7.5/10100% Achievement :Easy | Medium |Hard| Very Hard"
,Recommended,233230,23672157,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Pastarnache skinhub.com,I think developers were on drugs when they actually did this game .10/10 I'm too stupid to solve this.
,Not Recommended,233230,218664,"Posted: 25 April, 2013",all,Muffins,"Honestly, I'd give this game a pass.Maybe pick it up if you like exploration games, but I felt like the secret collection mechanic in the game spoiled the experience for me."
76561198082574081,Recommended,233230,10032858,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Nube52,"The prime description of this game says it’s a minimalistic puzzle game yet I find the so called minimalistic environments rich. The spaces between rooms and puzzles are huge as if done with a XYZ co-ordinate modeller on steroids, the actual puzzles themselves more artifact than steam punk but richer in detail than the beautiful rooms travelled to get to them. Great art and even better music are at play in this game as well as symbols and language. Portal players used to traversing a room by entering one portal and exiting another already across the room may at find the game at time a bit walk intensive but the journey is the thing. Has some non-Euclidean feel as in Antechamber and a discovery feel as in Riven. For the current price of just ~$5 get and play this game."
,Recommended,233230,7788871,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,necKro23,"Not terribly taxing as a puzzle game, but as an exploratory experience this game's aesthetics rub me in just the right way.  Pleasingly abstract."
,Recommended,233230,13177792,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Arlo,"Kairo isn't a game for everybody.  In fact, I wouldn't even say it was a game for most people.  It's the type of game that takes a lot of patience to enjoy.  You've got to really put yourself into the game, imagine that you're really in this place, seeing these things.  The atmosphere and mystery are everything, and if that isn't your bag then you won't find enough to enjoy here when it comes to pure gameplay.There are indeed puzzles to be solved, but most of them are quite simple.  There are no controls beyond moving around and jumping, and there's no text or story to speak of beyond what you're observing of your environment.  As is to be expected with these types of games, a lot of it is open for interpretation, including the ending.  The graphics are solid, but quite simple and low-budget; most of the architecture is made up of blocks and flat planes.If any of those things are deal-breakers, then don't even bother.  But if you're into the pure sense of discovery that games can offer then I can't possibly recommend it enough.  The term gets tossed around a lot, but it truly is more of an experience than a game.  You've got to like abstraction, simplicity, and rich atmosphere (thanks in large part to the excellent sound design).  You've got to be the type of person who gets a thrill from the simple act of booting up a game and not knowing exactly what to expect--of heading through a door and not having the foggiest idea of what you'll see.There isn't much more to say about the game.  If it's not your cup of tea, nothing else here will be relevant to you.  If it is, then there's no need for me to explain what was great about it with more detail, because it's already obvious that you should play it.  I mean hey, it's five bucks, and as I type this it's on sale for one whole dollar.  Even if the story only lasts a few hours, that's a stupidly good deal for such an experience."
,Recommended,233230,26576434,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,p0rtalmaster,"I think the game developer (Richard Perrin) is the descendant of a mathematican.  Seethis page on the Perrin sequence, for example.  This definitely explains the mathematical feel to everything in this game (including the ending song!).  But this game can be enjoyed even if you don't like math.Yes, it's a short and sweet game, yes it doesn't really have a story, but  like The Beginner's Guide, this game plays more like an interactive work of modern/minimalist art than a game."
,Recommended,233230,15455815,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Schizo Doll,"I have... no idea what to do... I am trying to figure out what to do, what it want from me... But I got nothing. Atmosphere and surroundings creeps me out... and well... I get lost more times in this game than I've got lost in life... But soundtrack and surroundings are good :) I don't know how to rate it or if give this game thumb up or down... It gives you card, so it is fine :D"
,Recommended,233230,8994918,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,alejandro,"This is a small, excelent exploration game. The art is very minimalist and surreal, very blocky in a braod sense, on purpose, and each screen or level is dominated by a color, which permeates everything in said level.The puzzles are mostly ""positioning"" puzzles, in which you solve them by standing in a specific position or having to take certain path (but they are very logic and easy to understand), by having to push here and there some objects, just moving against them (there is no ""action/manipulate"" button), or by pressing some buttons in certain order. The atmosphere is mostly relaxing, but there are a few spooky or strange moments as well.There is no rush, no sense of urgency, so you can stroll at your leisure through the many blocky landscapes. If you try to solve all puzzles by yourself, it could take about 6+ hours of game. If you follow a walkthrough, you could rush through it in a couple hours, but it would be a shame. There is also no manual save, but the game saves often as you reach a new area or solve some puzzle or find something noteworthy.This game is ideal to relax or slow down a bit. Higly recommended"
,Recommended,233230,23826885,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,freakintiger,"Kairo is an architectural exploration game, with a focus on puzzles and secrets. Colorful, yet somewhat “empty” rooms with sometimes breathtaking atmosphere are a dime a dozen. Kairo unfolds its hodological structure by looking around and – well, by standing still and let it sink in.It is a great example of interplay between architecture, image and walking/exploring."
,Recommended,233230,15437181,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,MegzyFredRobin,"This is a very different game and i enjoyed it very much, some of the puzzles where hard and some quite easy, which is a good mix :). The music and atmosphere is great. This is going staight into my favorites."
,Recommended,233230,15567487,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,cemcmd,"This game is enjoyable. It also fells unfinished.When you fall out of the world, it spawns you where you where last touching the ground. That means ramps that push you right back to falling.  Also, when I was exploring I noticed some untouched places. Like being able to see behind theteleporter pad or what ever it is that gets you place to place,and easely getting places you where never attended to go.Conclusion: Fun, but needs improvments."
76561198254240797,Recommended,233230,20301762,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Jonas,"Alien atmosphere with no narrative, truly an exploration game"
76561197969948149,Recommended,233230,14030268,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,BigEyeGuy,"One SentenceAtmospherically interesting and surreal puzzle game with some glaring flaws.A Bit MoreLet me first say I got this game for the fair price of 0.74$ and I think paying full price may also be a fair deal, depending on where your video game preferences lie.Kairo sets the mood pretty early with it's ominous soundtrack and stark visuals. I found the grain effect and mouse smoothing (default settings) annoying so I had to turn them off straight away. I had extremely choppy/laggy mouse and keyboard movement which might be due to my weak computer but this game should not as demanding on the cpu as it is. Despite all that Kairo's atmosphere is enjoyable and the much needed hint system helps in teaching you what the level design won't. Towards the later segments of the game the puzzles lose some of their quality and the map design will leave most players wondering around without much enjoyment.Bottom LineIf you enjoy difficult puzzles and open ended mysteries Kairo will give you your money's worthFollowhttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/West7for more game reviews"
,Recommended,233230,30780121,Posted: 27 March,all,Chamberlain ⛧,I finished the game 1 year and 5 months ago.I still don't know what the point of the game was.
,Recommended,233230,29912482,Posted: 13 February,all,b 0 t t i n i,"Its pretty cool.  I enjoy this alot.   Basic n stuff, but sets a diffrent mood.  Got it for VR only but i checked it out n i really like it.   It puts you in a exploring/mystery finding mood, games that immurse you.....Thats gaming fo me....-At this time I do not own a VR unit so i cant say s**t about it yet."
76561198037730723,Recommended,233230,19801648,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,zolar,"Playing Kairo is like visiting a memory of someone else's dream about strange buildings, factories and temples.Its very simlified and plain style gives the game this alien and mysterious atmosphere that I enjoyed very much."
,Recommended,233230,34453598,Posted: 23 August,all,Arias,"I'm gonna be the first to admit that I'm terrible at puzzles. I'm pretty sure that every puzzle game I've ever played had to be beaten using a guide. Therefore, I'm somewhat limited in what I have a right to say about Kairo. Which isn't all that bad, actually, because I still can't think of anything to say. I completed Kairo less than half an hour ago using a very well-written 100% guide here on Steam, and the experience has left me mostly speechless. So, what do I have to say about Kairo?Well, I guess I can start by describing the game. Your protagonist is not technically a character, just a nameless, formless entity which serves as your window into the world.In fact, as revealed by end of the game's third part and by one of its final secrets, only two other characters even exist in this world, neither of whom are named, and only one of whom you will meet.Kairo is not a game about characters. In the vein of a lot of walking simulators like Dear Esther, puzzle games like Submachine, and mixes of the two like The Witness, Kairo is a game about its world.So, what is there to say about the world of Kairo? It's blocky, first off. The world is constructed primarily from stretched, stacked, and overlapping cubes, with the occasional sphere or disc thrown in, with colored fog fade-out in the distance. As for the world itself, I can only think to call it desolate. Kairo's environments are extremely varied, both in size and comprehensibility, but they all stand a chance of alienating you, which is something I found prevalent in Kairo: Alienation. The world around you is made from very simple shapes, but organized together into incredibly complex architecture. Often, you will find yourself on small islands of terrain within vast voids, which of course can make you feel very small in comparison to the world around you. Add to that the idea that you are the only entity occupying this world at the moment, and isolation combines with scale to create an impression that you are not just small within this world, but utterly insignificant within it.That last part is a lie, however. You are not insignificant to this world. In fact, by solving its puzzles in some sort of ridiculous cosmic game, you will manipulate the great machines of Kairo to fulfill a purpose that may not actually seem clear until the very end. The puzzles in Kairo are, of course, the part I have the least right to comment on. As I am utterly terrible at puzzles, this really isn't a game I was able to play to its fullest. The game still does its best to make things accessible to people like me, however, through the hint system. In something like the style of the Professor Layton series, Kairo's puzzles operate on a three-hint system. The game menu provides a hint option, and in rooms containing a puzzle, that hint option offers you three click-to-reveal hints which progressively state what you're supposed to do in a certain room, and how to do it, more simply and directly with each hint. Of course, as most games of its type do, Kairo sometimes offers up puzzles so complex or esoteric that even the guide I followed could only describe the solutions to the puzzles, and not the logic they follow.There are also secrets, of course. There are six runes within each of the three greater areas of the game, hidden in plain sight on the sides of columns or buildings so that you wouldn't ever see them by following the straight and narrow paths between portal doors and solving puzzles when you encounter them. Each greater area also contains a pedestal switch, which triggers a noticeable and often disorienting or unsettling shift in the immediate room, while also unlocking a very well-hidden door in a previous room in that greater area. Finally, each greater area has what's called a Vision Puzzle, which will not be solved through Hints and are most likely intended as a project for the player community to solve through examination and experimentation. Collecting all of these secrets in a single run of the game will unlock a small bonus area, containing few interesting easter eggs and a door leading to the secret ending, which is worth seeing for its sheer absurdity alone.Everything I just said should be taken with a grain of salt, though, since I did just say a whole lot about a game that I don't actually think there's a whole lot to say about. At the end of the day, I loved Kairo mostly for the experience. The alienation and isolation of the game's vast world create a feeling I personally enjoyed, and the tiny puzzle pieces of a story the game gives you are interesting enough to keep the theorists guessing for a while. And finally, since this is a game I don't really know what to say about, even after saying so much, I want to express that I'm not recommending this game to anyone. If you disliked things like Dear Esther or The Witness, I don't think you'll enjoy Kairo. I'm reccommending this game to people who read this review and others, understand what people who like this game think about it and like about it, and then think, ""Hey, I might like that too."""
,Recommended,233230,8232752,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Rail,Beautiful
76561198045663266,Recommended,233230,31602875,Posted: 7 May,all,simonpeter,"Hauntingly beautiful, Kairo stuns with it's surreal and brutalist concrete vision of...?Others have remarked about a lack of meaning in this game, but I think it's there. It echoes through the vast alien chambers of this game, little glimpses of things recognisable. This feels like a monument to us, long after we're gone, made by *something* with a different kind of understanding of space.The puzzles are satisfying, without being too obtuse. The hint system is welcome, which I only found necessary for one puzzle that required an unreasonable leap of logic. There are apparently deeper puzzles to solve once finished, and  a number of collectables to find. Sadly, I have the patience for neither, although I did my best to hunt round the levels all I could.The visuals are striking in their simplicity, but are completely appropriate. The audio elevates the mood perfectly; it's utterly outstanding.I found the end strangely affecting, and the developer's final credit especially so.All in all, very much recommended."
,Not Recommended,233230,12244117,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,B.rake,"This is more of an ""ehhh..."" than a strict Thumbs Down- Kairo offers a sort of first person linked-chamber exploration game with simple puzzles unlocking further exploration. Lacking mechanical depth or logical difficulty (there's a lot of obvious ""stand here, then touch there"" stuff, though perhaps more lurking beneath the surface beyond my grasp), the puzzles generally feel like a bit of vestigial interactivty left there to regulate progression through the game's strengths of envrionment and atmosphere. Each area proffers a unique bit of architecture, either a room or  monument suspended in the void; In tandem with the monochromatic color scheme and sound design, the effect is rather evocative, but of nothing more particular than the tingly excitement of meandering through an abandoned alien kinetic sculpture garden.Kairo exhausted my patience due to the tedium of its puzzling elements, but it could be worth exploring if you dont mind and find the screenshots compelling (if you do mind, I suggest Kairo's obverse, Antichamber- its world isn't exactly poetic, but does have a practical charm in service of the brain-bending environmental puzzling Kairo lacks.)"
,Not Recommended,233230,7799811,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,DYSIOD☰,"Kairo tries so hard to be a sureal experience about exploration and puzzle solving but it just isn't. They have a grain filter in an attempt to make it atmospheric but that's the most atmosphere the game has. Each puzzle/room is simple a linear path with a 2-3 step puzzle, if there is one at all. The game doesn't lead you to anything, it just sets you free and hopes you'll stumble across something. Also, the walking. So much walking."
76561197987843932,Recommended,233230,16912210,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,spessu_sb,Want a game that actually puts that brain of yours to use? Play Kairo.
,Not Recommended,233230,24463001,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Ravenize > *,"Kairo is an obtuse little puzzle game. It looks and feels like someone was playing around with 3D modeling for the first time and then threw some puzzles in at the end.The hardest step with most of the puzzles was just determining what they were asking me to do to begin with. Once I figured that out, solving them was relatively simple.It's not that long, but it does drag. There is a lot of forced walking, and much of it repeated through paths you've traveled before.I was hoping that there would be some amazing story behind it all, but there's not. It's a simple world with simple explanations. If there had been more it might've helped elevate this game, but sadly as is it wasn't worth the time."
76561197999563951,Recommended,233230,11131138,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Doomstruck,"I love this game so much you have no idea. This game, to me, perfects the feeling of loneliness (related spoilers in brackets below)This feeling of loneliness was so present and so overwhelming to me, and I kept moving on wondering what was next. As time went on and things started being revealed to me, the things which were revealed only made that feeling of loneliness grow. There were some points at which I also felt fear, the sort of fear you feel when you want to get out of a room and you don't know quite why, so you run out and slam the door behind you.The game itself is pretty solid. You have no inventory and no buttons with which you can use to interact with things. You walk jump and look around and those are the only controls. The variety of puzzles despite this is amazing, and most of them make perfect sense (there was one where you rotate two gears to match symbols in some weird arbitrary manner and I never actually figured out what the connection was. Had to use a guide for that part)If I didn't have the emotional capacity of a potato I would have cried at the end, I swear to god, it just HIT ME RIGHT THERE, RIGHT IN THE WEAK POINT. So please please PLEASE BUY THIS GAME.[there's a moment in the game where you walk into a room and press a button. TV screens turn on around you, showing a humanlike figure behind static. As you solve the puzzles around this point in the game, this figure pops up on more TV screens as you complete puzzles. As I played through I thought to myself, ""Is that another human? If I meet them what will happen? Who are they?"" At some point you find yourself in a green tinted room with another TV, only larger and in front of a table. When you walk around the table, you find a skeleton on a chair with monitors examining puzzles you've completed in front of it. There is a message scratched onto the arm of the chair. ""I AM ALONE HERE.""]"
76561198065885301,Recommended,233230,8568780,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Distortional Addict,"This first person puzzle game is an outstanding work of art. It gives you no sense of direction, but you sort of adjust an understanding of what you have to do overtime from repeating puzzles. I really love the creepy feeling you get of being alone, yet you feel like someone is watching. The scenery is great for being so plain and the music is creepy as well. Don't worry, in my opinion the puzzle's are farilly easy and if you get stuck certain rooms give you very kind hints. This game is just very enjoyable and you will get sucked into it."
,Recommended,233230,9213194,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,serpentdav,"three words: ancient, sparse, angular.okay, some more words: grinding stones, beautiful lasers, abandoned gears. sandpunk aesthetic. survivor's guilt. function hidden in form, geometric thinking, and legitimate old-fashioned puzzlers.not much replay value once you've completed the game, but it's more than worth it to introduce it to other people."
76561197980686814,Recommended,233230,25952209,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ShootinPutin187,"This amazing game with eerie atmosphere reminded me of FEZ, Unfinished Swan and similar games.I absolutely recommend it to anyone interested in some puzzle-solving and exploring."
76561197970728391,Recommended,233230,25809166,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Old Man 678,"The game has no story at all, but the landscape and tranquil music make this a very mysterious and compelling world to be in. Was very difficult in the beginning to understand what I was doing. Mostly walked around and some things happened and I was in a new room or location. Later locations at least gave you an idea of what was needed to be done, though there are a few areas that were like where the hell am I going? I accidentally walked through some pillars into a wall and was transported somewhere else.Puzzles were pretty difficult, mainly because of very little direction. I beat this mostly on luck. Still, pretty interesting little game."
,Recommended,233230,25373582,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,yinkaj,"There's no story to speak of, and the puzzles are mostly just pattern-matching, but that being said, this game was still a really cool experience. Like a strange four-hour dream. Get this game, put on your headphones, and use the hint system when you need to -- the puzzles, while simple, can sometimes be obtuse."
76561198096079278,Recommended,233230,10194458,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,FriendFive,"Wow! This game has me enthralled. Eerie, beautiful, mysterious, atmospheric; these are all words I would use to describe this game. I can't tell you how many times I had tingles go up and down my spine while playing. The sense of awe, dread, mystery, and alienation are all invoked and maintained by the environments and the soundtrack. This game is very heavy on the exploration and the puzzles are just about right in terms of difficulty. This game reminds me of the final sequence of 2001:A Space Odyssey when astronaut Dave Bowman went Beyond the Infinite. The landscapes you explore in this game seem like the sorts of experiences Dave might have had before becoming the Star Child. If you like exploring and figuring out puzzles based on strange alien technology, getting disoriented and unnerved by the overwhelming sense that perhaps you are not meant to be in the vast, stark spaces you find yourself in, then you should definitely get this game."
,Recommended,233230,27381552,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MrT50,"The game itself was a nice puzzler, kept me thinking for a long time. I enjoyed the atmosphere and how separated from reality it felt. Never quite felt like a walking sim, and I liked the visuals.What really got me was the ending, I really needed what it said."
,Recommended,233230,13316197,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Law Abiding Engineer,"Just a simple review for this game.Kairo is a very good example of a game that is about puzzles, and about logical thinking.   This game does not beat around the bush in trying to add other things alongside the puzzles.   It is very much focused on puzzles that force a person to really think, or to be patient and wait til an answer appears.    The game can be frustrating because often times, you will come across a puzzle in which doing things in the wrong order, will lead to various issues, or puzzles where an answer is not possible to find until a later time.    I knw that it was annoying trying to figure out a few of the puzzles, and eventually used a hint guide to figure it out.Graphics:   Very basic graphics, low res textures and stuff.   But like I said before, this game focuses on the puzzle aspect, not the pretty visuals.   Also, there are a nice color theme that can be seen so that is enjoyable.Audio:   Very minimal muisc because it focuses on the puzzle, not the other things.Game Mechnics:    The controls are very simple.  You move, you jump, you run.   Nothing more, nothing less.   You solve puzzles by moving in certain areas, moving objects to certain areas, and standing in certain places.Story:   None that I could see, but thats possibly due to it focusing on the puzzles, rather than the story.Overall, this is a very enjoyable  game that can be frustrating at times, due to the challenging aspect of it, but since there is a 100% guide on Steam, you will always have a way to make it through IF, key word is if, you need it.   If you are not that good with puzzles or logical thinking, then I would not recommend this because it will easily frustate you."
,Recommended,233230,30033753,Posted: 19 February,all,The Laissez Pharaoh,"Imagine a walking simulator, except with all the interesting aspects of walking simulators (narrative, interesting environmental storytelling, etc.) removed, and replaced with some puzzles and nothing else. That's Kairo.It's not a bad game; if all you're looking for is a slow paced, bare-bones puzzle game then you'll enjoy it. The puzzles can be a little on the punishing side, but in general they're reasonably well executed and somewhat engaging.In short, if you want a first-person puzzle game which includes puzzles, a first-person perspective, and absolutely nothinng else, then Kairo is for you.A good game is any game that hits the target it's aiming at, even if it's not necessarily the most interesting target in the world. Kairo is far from the most engaging game ever made, but it achieves what it set out to do competently, so it gets a recommendation."
,Recommended,233230,29481372,Posted: 25 January,all,Carl Andre,It was a very special experience.
76561198127706779,Recommended,233230,15351938,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Troglodyte Don Juan,"I am unsure about this game... I have et to complete it, but from what I have played  I have constantly been on edge. The music gives the levels an erie feel and I constantly felt as though someone was following. It made me feel alone aswell as isolated. It feels creepy and it ended up making feel dizzy..."
,Recommended,233230,20592033,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Belemon,"Do you want to feel depressed? Tirsty for headacke and mystery? Ever wanted to be alone in a world made of concrete?This game is marvelous! One of those, which can be called ""art"". It is depressive, sad, touching. I loved how the texture of old concrete is used, how radio noises give an absoluetly different meaning of everything. You walk among those structures, which are very minimalistic, mostly flat and suddenly see that one of the cubes is damaged, cracked. This place is silent, but you can hear that it is not dead. At all.Playing this game was like visiting a good exhibition of modern art. Both great visual, musical and conceptually."
76561198067888927,Recommended,233230,21829227,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Epic Lad,I still have no idea what the hell this game is actually about...but its beautiful. You basically walk and jump around looking at bizzare architecture. Has something to do with...aliens?3/5 - Best modern art simulator I have ever played
,Recommended,233230,21862651,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,johanofsigg,"It's an interesting and artfully composed game that will wow you from time to time with its visuals. Unfortunately, it's also pretty plodding and slow. The puzzles are often unclear and will leave you wishing the game were only about exploration and mystery, rather than the vague (but simple and gorgeous) dungeon crawl that circles the visuals. If there were a half n half ""recommend"" button, I'd choose that. But there isn't."
,Recommended,233230,23281446,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Orange Bitflip,"I haven't seen much about these points yet, I'm just adding to others' reviews.This one's about solving some puzzlesin a hyper dimensional alien space to turn some machines onafter the apocalypse.Graphical design is going for minimalistic abstract representation of stone buildings, so I'm certain there's less than 100 textures in the entire game. Explorable empty space is used to show importance of an object in the room, and over-saturated lighting is used almost randomly, but consistently through a room.Sound design follows graphical design, and follows a theme of emptiness and alienation in an abstract world.The physics and control are poor, but only because they are unnecessary for the gameplay.Gameplay itself is puzzle solving in isolation, but the main story puzzles are simple. It's a small game that takes time to explore for 100% completion. The 100% content beyond the main story puzzles just involves finding hidden things and backtracking after hitting an obvious switch to find a matching shapesomewhere.After breaking it down like that, I think it'd make for a really nice modern art machinima.As far as being a game, it can be depressing for a few reasons. That'swhyI recommend it."
,Recommended,233230,14858641,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Orangestar,"NOTE: Somehow, the most recent updates to the game have made it incredibly buggy. In the stable release the main menu stays onscreen the entire time and I can't look left or right. In the DK2 Beta things are much more polished, but there are some sequencing glitches where I can reach the Garden without having completed a single puzzle. It's still worth a try if you can get it to work.Kairo is not exactly the most complex game, but it gives you enough mental stimulation. Since it's only $6 right now, either go ahead and get it or wait for a sale. If you're on the fence about this one, I encourage you to read on fully.FIRST OFFKairo is made in Unity, and if you've experienced a game in Unity you know that slowdowns are extremely common. Prepare to wade through the settings several times deciding what slows you down and what doesn't, maximizing appearance with playability, especially when most defaults are selected with high-speed computers in mind.GAMEPLAYThe puzzles in Kairo are particularly easy by minimalistic adventure standards, but the developers have definitely squared down exactly what kind of puzzles they need. Rather than blatantly giving you instructions or commentary to push you in the right direction, they require you to work out exactly what's going on to figure out the solution, very similar to Myst. Puzzles are isolated to their own special room, but sadly this means most of the time you'll be walking through a room that's more for sightseeing than for puzzlesolving. For the casual gamer, Kairo features a hint system that can assist in solving puzzles. There's no penalty, and it doesn't resolve if they're used or not. All in all,Kairo is a solid puzzle game.VISUALSThe minimalistic visuals of Kairo are absolutely breathtaking. The wonderfully crafted levels are absolutely gorgeous to look at, and unlike many games, the additions of things like film grain only serve to add to the visuals, rather than give a false impression of visuals. Of particular note are areas of the game where the film grain is programmaticallyincreasedto add effect as you look around and wander. There is (as it first seems) only one texture that Kairo has: a concrete/stone texture kind of thing. This sort of forces you to look at the architecture as the art. And boy, is the architecture ever art.Stunning and functional, the deliberate monochrome of Kairo's architecture make it one of the most gorgeous games I have ever played.STORY...Well, here's where the negatives come up. Kairo's story is one that you have to infer, but the structure of the gameplay kind of causes whatever the story would possibly be to get... jumbled. I'm not sure how to describe this without giving much away, but Andrew Plotkin has a wonderful quote that hits this nail right on the head.""If I were to level a charge, it would be that the game world never really coheres, beyond the visual level. An adventure can set up its narrative drive through discovered texts and journals (old gag though that is). Or it can build a narrative out of its artistic details, the discovered connections and implications hidden in the visual world. Or this structure can come from the gameplay itself -- the connections you discover between the puzzles and mechanisms that make up the game. By solving, you learn what it's for.Kairo disavows each of these strategies: it chooses minimalist artwork, (nearly) textless presentation, and modular puzzles. They're separate design decisions, but together they more or less rule out the sense of a coherent narrative world. It's not a flaw in the game, but a missed opportunity, I guess.""~Andrew PlotkinTHE SECRETThere are a set number of secrets to the game, but Jesus Christ do NOT even try going for that♥♥♥♥♥♥ Just look up a walkthrough. Kairo's secret ending (yes, it does exist) is a joke. I have to give that away. It's not really funny, and the solution to get to it is completely obscure to get to. It was painful to read how people figured out how to get to the secret rooms, they reminded me of classic Sierra game solutions, it was that bad. Not to mention the secret ending in the dev room (after I even managed to get to it) made me question the validity of all the other secret rooms regarding any sort of story Kairo has. My verdict? Kairo has no story, and that's the worst thing I could possibly say for this genre of games. I'm all for a game with no story (DOOM is one of my favorite games, for God's sake!) but that's a philosophy that needs to be considered on a game-per-game basis, and Kairo's the kind of game that can't handle that♥♥♥♥♥♥OVERALLKairo's a game that promises too much at the start of the game and delivers too little at BOTH of it's endings. However, if you're more here to solve some puzzles and get beautiful visuals, then by all means, $6 isn't all that much. Go ahead and grab it if you're into art games, or if it's on sale. You'll get more out of this than Dear Esther in terms of fun. (imo)Oh, also check out Antichamber if you're all for atmospheric avant-garde first-person puzzle games with no true plot! THAT'S how to do that♥♥♥♥♥♥right."
76561198130700959,Not Recommended,233230,35359496,Posted: 30 September,all,DeadRose287,The rooms look cool but you mostly just run from room to room with no type of story or reason to continue. It might get better the father you get into the game but i have no real desire to continue playing.
76561198053247793,Recommended,233230,7824708,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,x.art2012,if you want some strange and love puzzles - that game for you: ) amazing graphics and superior music!
,Recommended,233230,8022208,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Triste Cordis,"MYSTical journey through simple but wierd, strange and awesome locations. ""Must have"" for all ""Myst like"" adventure games."
,Recommended,233230,12065165,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Nighthawk,"PresentationKairo is a game of exploration and mystery, putting a whole world of differently coloured rooms ahead of you, each with its own intrigues and puzzles; the design of those rooms is simplistic, each following a precise theme and colour, without adding too much detail on the ambient, but that's part of what makes Kairo's mystery so great, leaving you with questions about a certain object that you encountered and what useful information that object might have for you. While some of those questions will be answered by the end of the game, most of them won't, leaving you more confused than you were when you first started the game, and as great as that is from the mysterious perspective of the game, it somehow feels disappointing at the same time, as you probably were expecting at least some of the bigger mysteries to be answered in a way or another, but on the bright side that leaves a lot of room for interpretation, allowing each one of us to have our own verdict on what Kairo wanted to tell us. The greatest part about this game however, is the way it manages to shape its universe around you, constantly surprising you with what lies ahead in the next room and leaving you in doubt on how you should react to what you see before your eyes, but at the same time giving you complete freedom to move around and see what you can discover to help you solve that room's puzzle and move forward just to have the same thing happen to you all over again. In the end, judging by the amount of hours you've spent in Kairo it won't add up to more than a few hours, but really digging into the experience and enjoying the mysteries it has to tell, it will seem a lot longer while you're inside and exploring at will, even though for most times, the more you explore, the more unanswered questions you'll have at the end.Rating: 7.5GameplayEvery once in a while, you run into those type of games that offer a unique and thrilling experience without focusing too much on the gameplay, but rather on the experience you have by simply being a part of that game and uncovering its mysteries; Kairo is exactly that type of game, delivering a simplistic mechanic of navigating through its universe and clever ways to solve its puzzles by using nothing else besides the basic movements and the environment around you. This game is all about exploration and uncovering the numerous mysteries that lie ahead, using the things you've seen before and the things you see in that very moment to help you solve different puzzles that stand in the way of your progression, something that works wonderful in Kairo, following a logical way of seeing things and even though the solution might not be that obvious at first, exploring the environment around you will eventually give you the information you need. Most areas follow the same pattern, requiring you to enter all the side rooms, observe what you can do in there and get things moving again until each and every one of the required steps has been completed and the core of that area is up and running, allowing you to move forward on to the next one. By putting some of the information you need to unlock various secrets in the rooms ahead of you, Kairo requires you to return to previously visited areas without feeling repetitive or boring, as there will always be something new to uncover that you might have missed on your first visit, and with the information from the rooms ahead of you in mind, you will for most of the times, know what you're looking for already. Even with the usage of the movements keys only, some of the mechanics such as pushing objects around feel like they haven't reached their full potential, as such simple things could've expanded the way in which puzzles are treated in various ways, making the game longer and adding that extra gameplay portion that's missing.GraphicsIt's hard not to appreciate the unique art style of Kairo and the wonderful and sometimes spooky environments it delivers, but even in all the simplicity of shapes and precise objects you can clearly see the outdated engine on which the game was built. There are an almost infinite number of ways in which this game could have been improved by using the latest game engines, especially in the lighting area, where the latest engines would've made a huge difference on how that room is viewed and the exact experience the game wanted to deliver.Rating: 5.5AudioThere's always a great tune playing in the background to add to the feel of a certain room, sometimes adding to the feeling of joy and liberty, while other times cornering you in a small room with little light and a spooky theme to add to the mystery effect. The sound effects as low quality as they are do their job well enough, but there was room for a little more variety and a few more touches here and there to make you hear the world moving around you when it does visually happen on the screen.Rating: 7ExtrasIt takes around four hours to complete Kairo, add an extra hour or two if you're looking to get the most out of it and collect all the glyphs, monoliths and solve all the secret puzzles, but also note that this is a game priced at 3.99€, so for that amount of money, it does more than enough to please. With the amount of mystery and out of place objects you can find in this game there was room for a lot more, as some of the areas are not used to their fullest and areas that seem to have some sort of puzzle attached to them at first, are just there to give the impression of having more to see.Rating: 9VerdictKairo isn't much of a game, but it's one great experience, especially if you're into the abstract puzzle genre, as its unique design and way of saying things make it a must play for any enthusiast of the genre. As in most cases, there was room for more in some areas and modern graphics would've made a huge difference in the way the game unveils to you, but considering the fact that this is an indie game, it did a great job delivering a worthy experience from a low budget production.Rating Overall: 7.4Check out the full review and a lot more about Kairo athttp://gamedragons.net/viewtopic.php?f=7&t=279[/h1]"
76561198001660953,Recommended,233230,14517978,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Aleister,One of the most amazing games I've played.
,Recommended,233230,14543629,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,SakakiMakio,"Walk Alone , Hypnotized , i felt i rlly there and dunno what to do ... feel so lonely"
,Recommended,233230,20530390,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,ghost friend,"Kairo is a relatively simple puzzle game and walking simulator. The thing is: It's a good one. It doesn't hold your hand, but there's hints accessible if you need them. Think Myst. Wonderfully atmospheric, just challenging enough. I recommend it."
,Recommended,233230,22222061,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Pixels | Story on profile,"Amazing Game,the surrealism and amazing ambience gives you a peaceful yet intriguing feel while playing.It takes a while to understand but after using 1 or 3 hints you catch on. I recommend!"
,Not Recommended,233230,34843043,Posted: 9 September,all,Ser Wisp-A-Lot,This game has potential as an experiment in environment design - it has very nice placed chaos that somehow is pleasing to the eyes; and sometimes you can see idea behind these abstract simple shapes. But despite the above the game gets a bit too repetative and vague.
,Recommended,233230,19189200,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Duality,"Kairo is a deeply atmospheric puzzle/exploration game which tells its story only through clues. Thought provoking and simple with some really challenging puzzles. Definitely recommended if that sounds appealing to you.One minor criticism: The work associated with the achievement 'A Problem Shared' is probably a bit too much to ask of players buying a single player offline game. It requires you to look outside the game for assistance, yet the game never flags this internally or sets a precedent of this occuring in any other puzzle. I genuinely don't understand how players are epxected to know this and I think it makes for a weak puzzle in the end. This is a lot of text to describe something minor easily resolved with a search though. I really enjoyed Kairo."
76561198085684806,Recommended,233230,14410138,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Grimmrobe,"This is purgatory.Barren geography and obtuse architechure occupy an otherwise endless nothing.An ominous, eerie atmosphere enters your lungs and suffocates you.You find yourself on a stone throne, or is it?Structures begin to emanate on the horizon as soon as you take your first step; but the path in front of you doesn't exist...yet.Why are you here? Is this limbo? Why am I solving paradoxically complex, yet simple puzzles? What is the goal of Kairo? Is there one?Maybe. Maybe not.As the adage goes, it isn't about the destination, it's about the journey that guides you there.Let the void consume you..."
76561198072118811,Not Recommended,233230,10259546,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,littlefiredragon,"As much as I wanted to enjoy Kairo, I simply could not. There is nothing redeeming about it, in my opinion. The puzzles require extreme moon logic to figure out, and I managed to get through the game with no real understanding of what I was doing. I blindly stumbled through, hoping against hope that at some point, the confusion would clear up. It did not. I ended the game more confused than I started it, with a healthy helping of disappointment and bitterness to boot. Some may call the graphics abstract, unique, or elegantly minimalist; I call them lazy. They look unfinished and bland, as if the developers simply couldn't be bothered to polish them, and tried to pass this off as artistic choice. There are tantalizing hints of a story that never emerges, only a few little morsels here and there which, like a can containing only three potato chips, provides just enough taste to make you want more, only to be disappointed that you can't have any more. And no, the ending doesn't make anything clearer, or anything of that nature. If anything it'll just confuse you more. I sincerely regret spending my time and money on this game."
,Not Recommended,233230,28621928,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mr Owls,"The best puzzle games, imo, offer you some kind of simple principle which you are then obliged to apply in increasingly sophisticated ways to increasingly complex puzzles. You put 1+1 together, have a eureka! moment, and your brain is awash in dopamine. The Witness, Myst, Portal, and Fez are great examples of this.Kairo does not offer this. It's a run-around-until-you-bump-into-something-that-happens-to-solve-the-puzzle type game, and for that reason, I found it incredibly frustrating and tedious. There's no consistent logical principle behind the puzzles, so you can't take what you learned from the last one and apply it to a new one.Now, diverse puzzles with little consistent through-line wouldn't be that much of a problem, except there's no way to extract anything from the game's environment, either, as you would in say, Tomb Raider. The ''environmental exposition'' mentioned in the features seems rudimentary and not at all helpful. Because every room/level is the same flat, monochrome style, there's no suggestion that a certain block can be pushed, or anything like that. You have to wander around aimlessly in this bleak monochromatic world until you accidentally step or push something that happens to do something. And there's no compelling story elements from which you can derive why, and for what, you are doing this.To my mind, that defeats the purpose of solving a puzzle. If you're just wandering around for an hour until you bump into the right thing, it's not really ''solving''. It's just stumbling around. There's no rewarding feeling in ''solving'' something by accident. This could have been compensated for with a more developed aesthetic, or a more interesting story, even just an overarching theme that ties everything together. But those elements aren't there, or they're rudimentary at best."
76561198069602281,Recommended,233230,22349619,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Anjo,"Great game : good puzzles, easy movement and manipulation, terrific atmosphere, mind blowing music, achievements, and a story that is uncovered fragment by fragment but seemingly and teasingly never quite finished.  It holds the attention and invites you to explore and ferret around for more answers and discoveries. I love a mystery.   All round very satisfying.The really good thing for me is that so far I have finished the main game, but there are still quite a few achievements to attain, and I can re-enter Kairo at leisure and enjoy myself."
76561197983082568,Recommended,233230,12920367,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Blue64,Kairo is PureFun - 9/10Great Puzzles and Beautilful Architecture....Love the Colors.... I made some great screen shots upload to Steam....[embarassed]This puzzle in a 3D world is great - and I used a guide for about 30% of the puzzles :P[/embarassed]I can't wait to see what comes next from this Indie Dude....AddToCart....
76561198061294312,Not Recommended,233230,14194312,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Sense The Escape,"I just finished the game Kairo and I must say that I am disappointed. Let me tell you why:(Caution: minor spoilers ahead)First of all I expected a little more story. Sadly there is absolutely none. Before playing it I also thought that there's maybe a connection to the city Cairo in Egypt, but there is no connection at all (as far as I experienced it). The only ""clues"" you get in the game are some blurry pictures and unrecognizable audio tunes which serves no purpose. A deeper meaning? I doubt it. And for an art-project this seems all too random and poorly conceived. When I finished the game I was as smart as before. Mostly I didn't even know, what I was doing and for what purpose. Who build these puzzles and why? And why do I have to solve them? But that's my second point of criticism: the riddles.The riddles are sometimes too simple, and sometimes you don't have a clue what you should be doing and the game doesn't give you any hints regarding the puzzle. Some of these riddles I solved by pure luck, bashing buttons and trying it over and over again. Even after I finished some of these, I couldn't tell you how I solved it. But most of the riddles based just on pushing the right button at the right time. Not much fun and also not very clever for a puzzle game...And there are also rooms without any importance to the main riddle, but you can't recognize, which rooms are important and which are just ""corridors"" to other rooms. There is no clear path in this game. Some may call this ""concept"" or ""open world"", but I think the developers just had not enough time (or talent) to generate a clear guideline for the player. And that is my third point of criticism: the level design.All you do in this game is walk. And walk. And walk. After playing it a few hours, I constatly use the ""sprint""-key, just to get where I want to, faster. Because every room is enormous and vast. At first this is actually cool, but after a few riddles it is just annoying. Yeah, I understand - big landscapes: cool! But the levels don't include too many details and it's getting boring. concrete wall on concrete wall. So here's my final point of criticism: the look of the game.Sure, this is not a AAA-game by some major game developer, but the game looks like it's from 1995. The rooms and places look too clean and dull, there's no life or fun in these corridors and halls. So the walking gets very frustrating, because you walk through dull rooms all the time, solving very easy (or ""what-the-hell-do-I-have-to-do"") puzzles without even knowing what purpose for... And the end screen (which appears very soon) gives you no solution what you just accomplished.One good thing in Kairo is the soundtrack. It is deep and athmospheric and it prevents the game to get even more boring.So all in all I was disappointed. The game was indeed too short (6 hours), but because I got sick of running around in circles I was happy when the end screen appeared.The game would surely be better, if there actually was a story or maybe even a connection to the city of Cairo. I could even imagine a game about the political / social struggle in Egypt and the history and the culture of Cairo. Unfortunate, Kairo had potental, but the poor game design and the absence of story just killed the whole game."
,Not Recommended,233230,12155757,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,robocyberkitty13,"The atmosphere is cool and everything, but the reason I don't recommend this game is because every time I pick it up to play, I get suuuuuper bad motion sickness. Maybe that's just me. :\"
,Not Recommended,233230,15120462,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,QubaVR,"Typically I don't mind the so-called ""Walking Simulators"". In fact I enjoy the genre quite a great bit. Unfortunately, Kairo is too cryptic for its own sake. There is no clue of any potential mystery to unravel, no bread-crumbs. I guess one may argue that a simple ""WTF?"" can be considered a call to explore, but with barren art direction, simplistic level design, boring textures and lighting, an hour was about as much as I had patience for before uninstalling."
,Recommended,233230,10151059,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Hyperchaotic,Atmospheric game with psychedelic setting. It's just interesting.
,Recommended,233230,9229296,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,AJ,"I have to write a review for this game while it's fresh in my mind.  Kairo is every bit as fun and eerie as you would want a 3D puzzle game to be.  Do yourself a favor and play this game alone and uninterrupted for a full immersive feel.  There are no verbal cues - as in you will never have another character speak to you, and you will never hear your own character talk.  There aren't any written cues or instructions beyond symbols you find (and of course the gentle hints in your menu screen, should you need them).  It's all about using the landscape and the machines and puzzles to your advantage - to a visual person like me, this was a wonderful experience.  Each different area in the game has its own color scheme and chosen background music and sounds from one of the game's tracks (the music is great for the game and ranges from ""Fairly soothing and enlightening"", to ""I feel like someone just shoved ice down the back of my shirt"").  In terms of graphics, it's not exactly, say, ""Skyrim"" in terms of detail or texture - but that honestly works well for the game.  The maker of this game knew what he was doing and while it's a little rough around the edges in some regards (I guess) the game is -solid- in the graphics department to me.  It feels like the great machines are actually working next to you.  That you're standing next to sources of great power, or that you're standing next to a row of...  Well you'll see (I really do love the architecture in some parts).  I completed the main storyline and some of the extra content without any help, but admit that I did need some help from the Steam Community to unlock the rest (there is one particular ""bonus"" puzzle that actually demands that you seek outside help in order to solve it).  Lastly I want to talk about the storyline - There is a lump that forms in the pit of your stomach once you start realizing where this game is going and the gravity of what has already happened and the gravity of what you might actually be doing.  It was mentioned already, but once you're done with the game (as it contains heavy spoilers), check out ""The Secret of Kairo"" on Electron Dance's blog if you want to read into some good theories behind the game."
,Recommended,233230,10553474,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Rap Jarl,"Playing the game actually reminds me of ""Excerpts from Expert Judgement on Markers to Deter Inadvertent Human Intrusion into the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant"", which you can google and peruse at your leisure. What they talk about on the site is: after we dump a bunch of nuclear waste somewhere and seal it off, how do we signal to future generations that they should stay away? Given that the half-life of the waste in question is 10,000 years, about as long as recorded history, this poses a significant problem: how do we communicate with people who will likely be nothing like us, and have a very limited understanding of our language, society and history; how do we tell them that they should not hang out in or excavate this nuclear waste dump? The expert judgers come up with a series of sculptural and architectural edifices, things that imply danger and will last millennia, and each one is more bizarre, desolate and brutal than the last.A lot of what I see and do in Kairo feels like I'm interacting with someone's answer to that kind of question (although not about nuclear waste, specifically), which is extremely cool.It doesn't hurt that the puzzles are very good. Gameplay is mostly about observation, testing interactions and figuring out how things work. It's kind of like Riven in that regard, and so far I haven't run up against any versions of classically lazy puzzles. Which is to say: no sliding tile puzzles, no finding the bauble and sticking it into the mcdooly, no one-on/one-off puzzles where you try to get everything to sync up as on or off. The first step of every puzzle is figuring out its rules and its pieces, and then trying to understand what the end goal is. It's all very seamless, very understated, and very rewarding.Highest recommendation."
,Recommended,233230,10721696,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,mox,"Lost Marbles meets the mummy section of your local museum. Combined with the magic of Tele-I mean PC gaming, the intimate experience of touching ancient, gothic structures will be combined with a tiny bit of animated magic.I can only imagine how it would feel with an Oculus. The atmosphere is incredible, and a very unique one.Get some virtual chills after a long summer day for a low price. Get this game!"
,Recommended,233230,7376139,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,RichieEB,It's a good game for those who like peaceful puzzle games and actually doing it yourself not some facebook puzzle game. It's often cheap so enjoy.
,Recommended,233230,9092131,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Kingharry,An ok game if you liked riven or myst. the puzzles are good and it's good if you want something relaxing to play
,Recommended,233230,8006111,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Fer82,Excellent minimalistic puzzle game with creepy atmosphere. At a good price!
,Recommended,233230,8490543,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,tagenar,"A minimal exploration game that creates a fantastic place to explore with mild puzzles to overcome.  There's not much else to it, but for the price it's quite awe-inspiring."
76561198043539668,Recommended,233230,8401157,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Emma,"This is, by far, my favourite mystery/puzzle game. The music and the atmosphere and even the way the levels are set out makes you feel scared and alone, just like your character.One thing I love is the great feeling of achievment you get when you figure out a puzzle! It's amazing.It's scary, it's unique, it's beautiful. I've never played another game like it.One thing I recommend for this game is wear headphones when you play it. The music completes the game."
,Recommended,233230,2917006,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Shendu,LSD puzzle game
,Recommended,233230,8026171,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,ivlr3vil,"It's like video games meeting modern art. I'd recommend this for game designers and architectural students to play at least once. At the low price for what it's worth, it's almost like experiencing a one time movie, so it's well worth the money for those that like art. As a video game, it's a very zen-like experience, all you really do is walk and solve puzzles with the walking controls. I do not recommend this for gamers that expect this to be a horror game or an action paced game, it's more of a world to just experience and watch the changes happen before and after you solve puzzles. So if you liked Myst or games like it, sure, this game plays well right in that area, puzzles are a lot easier compared to Myst."
,Recommended,233230,11891499,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,DT76,"Kairo tries to be this atmospheric, mysterious puzzle/adventure game.  It partially succeeds, but is definitely not up to the standard of games from other series.The environments are fairy well done, and the static-y atmospheric effects make them feel appropriately ominous.  The trouble is, all these spooky monuments and inscrutable features seem mostly just thrown together.  I rarely got any sort of sense as to what they were supposed to have been.  The single biggest thing contributing to the lack of connection to the locations (aside from how sterile they all are) is the fact that all the doors connecting areas are teleporters.  You step through one and you're in an environment that looks nothing like the one you left; could be on the other side of the planet for all you know.  Most of these are just connecting corridors, with no purpose but to create a buffer between puzzle rooms.Nearly all the puzzles themselves were quite simple and solved quickly, save one which was very obtuse.  Some of them are supposed to be reactivating dormant machinery (except that the stuff is so abstract you have no idea what it's supposed todo), while others feel like puzzles for the sake of puzzles.You can breeze through the main sections in just a few hours.  Once you do, there are a couple of tougher puzzles that require hunting around for the proper code.  There's also this scavenger hunt thing where you try to find all the hidden glyphs around the rooms.  Neither feels all that interesting to me, since you're just going back over areas you've already visited and solved with a fine-tooth comb."
76561198126573337,Recommended,233230,11247264,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,BOK BOK,"this game might not look the best, but the atmosphere of the game feels great. in this game, you wonder around some buildings and do some puzzles and is generaly worth the few dollars, sorry for a short review."
,Recommended,233230,13273942,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,ReverendTed,"NaissanceE and Kairo share many stylistic and gameplay similarities.  Both prominently feature first-person exploration of vast, compelling brutalist architecture, monochromatic visuals (frequently, but not always greyscale), a profound sense of isolation, a deliberately ambiguous plot and practically-undefined protagonist, as well as an overarching dreamlike quality to the entire experience.Where NaissanceE is primarily exploration and platforming with some occasional light puzzle-solving, Kairo is primarily exploration and puzzle-solving with some occasional light platforming.Most of Kairo's puzzles are thoughtful and reveal their answers with observation and consideration.  There were certainly a few that were much less complicated than I made them out to be, some that felt like simple trial and error, but a couple were obscure enough that I eventually resorted to searching out the answer.  (Ugh, the wheels of shapes!)  Fortunately, you're usually given a few puzzles at a time to work on in whatever order you choose.  There are also some extra-credit puzzles that unlock the super-secret ending that lays bare the true meaning of the bizarre mechanisms you set in motion throughout the game.While NaissanceE has a handful of video-game and pop-culture references, Kairo isn't afraid to give a nod and a wink to other games.Steam says I've got about 5 hours into Kairo, and I feel like I was able to explore the gameworld pretty thorougly in that time.  Since I got it on sale for less than $1.50, I'd say that was easily worth the price of admission."
76561198127520963,Recommended,233230,9999359,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Chief,"Kairo is so awesome it's... well, awesome. It's immersive, enjoyable, and has a lot of meaning.A lot of the fun of Kairo actually comes from after you put the game down and spend time away from the computer, turning what you've learned over and over in your head.An unequivocable 10 out of 10 experience."
,Recommended,233230,10646923,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,castorquinn,"In BriefKairois a narrative without words painting a picture of aloneness on a canvas made of staggeringly large geometry.Most valuable resource:The art.Of interest to:people who appreciate geometric abstraction, and like deeply mysterious Myst-style puzzlers.I have never before played a game with such an incredible feeling of scale.  The place is enigmatic, it is stunning but, more than anything else, it is *overpoweringly huge*.  Figuring out what you are supposed to be doing is part of the experience of this game, so don't be put off by what appears at the outset to be random acts of geometry.  There is meaning and purpose to this place; it just takes some time to start to piece it together.  This is a different kind of narrative.For me the strangest part of the experience of Kairo is that at the outset you are in a place of geometry and void, with no personality or sense of place; you are cast adrift with no instructions whatsoever, completely alone in a place which amplifies aloneness.  You aren't even sure what the game is, let alone what the game world is all about.  But by the end you feel like you know this place, you understand it, it is familiar and you are at home here - which, given the way the game ends, is the ultimate irony.There is a story here, but one told without words, and it is a magnificent story of great scale and great aloneness, and it is masterfully told."
76561198080061662,Recommended,233230,8752763,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,GameBeast,"Possibly the weirdest thing I've come across. That's no bad thing. The level design is stunning and often makes you feel insignificant, the puzzles are challenging and require a decent amount of thought, but also aren't impossibly hard. But above all, the mystery in this game is it's strong point. It leaves you to think about what it could possibly be trying to show you, and never explains anything. That's why it's so interesting. For the price, this game is definitely worth your attention."
,Recommended,233230,7112228,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Portalplopper,"No Speech in this game, the whole story is told by the music and the environment. You feel so satisfyed with yourself once you've completed a puzzle... Get This..."
,Recommended,233230,7834605,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,darren.reid,Great indie game that shows how a very atmospheric game can be created from simple grapics primitives. Eerie exploration is in!
76561198130089077,Recommended,233230,10049682,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Catastrophy,Surreal vistas and puzzling challenges. The look of this game is minimalistic yet complex in atmosphere and a ominous feel. Exploring the world is fun and keeps you guessing what will be behind the next door. The puzzles are numerous and range from   simple to complex. Exploring and investigating are all you need to find the secrets that allow you to progress further into a world of mystery.
76561198058143673,Recommended,233230,14397572,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Peterpunk,"Catched it on sale (i think i payed it 50c) and was a great intuition.I passed a couple of day on it (if you are used to puzzle game, it's what will take you to finish it, not with all the accomplishment and the secret end, but with all the puzzles. All about the secret end is ""search everywhere until you don't find that something else opened"", that is not my style of game)Great game, nothing else to say."
,Recommended,233230,28982365,Posted: 3 January,all,bizzarity,"Vaguely creepy, very surreal, a good game. Weird but good."
,Recommended,233230,18177274,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Lil' Glitch,"walked around high on acid and placed a thing inside some other thing,still don't know what to do next.10/10 beautiful scenery."
76561197979487649,Recommended,233230,12215807,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Trashware,"The approach to wether to buy this game is fairly simple: Look at the screenshots. State how they breathe with atmosphere and probably form something like a desolate first person puzzle exploration game filled with mysteries. Play the video and confirm that assumption.Well, I was sold and Kairo didn't disappoint at all. It's not a long game but then again it's not an expensive game either. If you enjoy the kind of mystical immersement games like Myst or Antichamber convey you will enjoy Kairo as much as I do. You get dropped in the game world with not a single clue whatsoever on where you are, why you're there or what you should do. It's up to your creativity and will to explore to find every secret this place has got to offer. Great music, great graphics and logical puzzlesolving.A mild spoiler but also a fair warning:There's just that one puzzle that's really annoying and obtuse compared to the rest of the game (almost at Fez-proportions) and you'll probably just have to google that one or try to solve it at random. So if you stumble upon a yellow chamber with clocks, don't despair. Things will become better afterwards."
,Recommended,233230,30232449,Posted: 27 February,all,"Four Polacks, six opinions.",Great game
76561198047826945,Recommended,233230,28697178,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Jameson Daly,"I liked it, it had a weird metaphoric feel to it. I have no real idea what it's a metaphor for though.I read the name has to do with the oldest city in Egypt and the Planet Mar. It seemed like there was some Gnoesis imagery and allegories in it.6.5/10 didn't understand still enjoyed the journey.I may edit this after I get the ""true ending""."
76561198061647423,Recommended,233230,12285290,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Waypoint,"Very fun atmospheric puzzle game, in the same vein as Myst.  Puzzles are abstract and often require a flash of insight, but never feel nonsensical.  Environments are monochromatic and bleak, but in a way that comes off as ominous instead of bland.  The backstory is told in only a few scattered pieces of scenery, and left to interpretation.The main game can be reasonably completed without ever looking at a guide, but you'll have to in order to 100% (one of the puzzles gives each player only one part of the solution and is literally impossible to figure out alone)."
76561198046311355,Recommended,233230,26057095,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Khronikos,"If you are going to get this then do so at the absolute lowest price. It's amateur hour for the most part. Does that offend anyone? I guess people are too involved in the creator's personal life or something. I have no idea. I'm not rating personal drama here. I'm rating the game. And there isn't much here beyond a bare bones approach to the puzzle genre. I still recommend it for super cheap, but just barely compared to the rest of the puzzle genre.Some of the puzzles are fun, some of the music has a nice ambient tone, and I guess the graphics are okay. But there isn't much here. This is archaic modeling, basic sound loops, and not much else to be quite honest. I mean, I can see why people appreciate indies, I'm just not sure why this game is worth my time. I come back to it and do a bit of a puzzle I guess because the game is in my library. But I'm not sure I will ever complete this game, and I don't really care.I find the the extras to be tepid, and some of the puzzles are illogical or just downright irritating. This is not Myst, Obduction, Antichamber, or Talos, so don't even start to compare it to those masterpieces. It has nothing on them. This game is like a game some programmer set up in 1999 as a project to test out a graphic engine. It's okay.But I really cannot 100% recommend stuff like this when there is so much more out there. It's one of those games, because it has a decent tone to it, that I will give a 5.5/10. The reviews are so overwhelmingly positive that Kairo needs a couple more negative interpretations because it doesn't really do anything special to earn those positive reviews. So yes play it and try the game out. But I am giving a thumbs down because this is clearly just a shell of a real, immersive experience."
,Recommended,233230,14065494,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,TBBle,"If you liked RealMyst but felt that there were just too many people around, Kairo may satisfy your inner Misanthropdiana Jones.Also, the first (and hopefully last) time I've been jump-scared by a wall."
,Recommended,233230,14079595,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,archcorenth,"This is a somewhat hesitating recommendation.  This is very much the kind of thing that I like, exploring old ruins and solving puzzles.  It's very beautiful, and has a nice aural landscape too, I suppose the aspect I don't like is that you have to explore every inch of the thing.  There are tiny runes etched into the rock in hidden areas that you must find, and it gets boring before then end.But it is good, just maybe don't try to play it all at once or everything will start blending together."
,Recommended,233230,11203684,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,mr3,it's ♥♥♥♥ing hypnotic
,Recommended,233230,13962551,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Staemboat,"Great music, somewhat abstract puzzles (I definitely overthought some things towards the end), cool world, extremely cheap. definitely worth buying and playing through if you're a fan of stuff like antichamber for instance...but don't expect too much"
76561197991019754,Recommended,233230,11368498,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Donalldubh,"Few games I have played have captured that original sense of discovery I felt back in 1993 when I played Myst for the first time.  This game abandons you, in the most compelling way, and you are left alone with only your thoughts.  These are sometimes filled with curiosity, sometime awe, and sometime a tingling sense of dread.  Few game are willing to take the risk on having no dialogue, minimal sounds, and just leave the player with their own minds."
,Recommended,233230,23872778,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Dclyde,"This is a pretty fun game, I got stuck for a bit near the end trying to figure out that pattern puzzle, but over all a good game. A lot of the puzzles you really have to think about at times, and for only 5 dollars (its also on sale a lot) its worth picking up if your into these type of games."
,Recommended,233230,24096705,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Bee - The Scrabby Gabbit,"[TL:DR - THIS GAME IS AMAZING]I have so many compliments to make about this game.I bought it when it was on sale (which is very often, I've seen), and the game is beautiful. It looks awesome, plays awesome, sounds awesome, and really makes you think and search and solve all through the game.The puzzles this game throws at you aren't for the people who just want to rush through a game, they're to be figured out. Analysed. Understood. I won't lie, I used the community tab guides for help on some, especially the serets, but I enjoyed it so much still.Games like this are the pinnacle of a good indie game. It shows that you don't need lots of money, or voice actors, or big development teams to make a great game. I strongly recommend this"
,Recommended,233230,23918603,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Morgue,"This is about as simple as a puzzle game gets. There are no instructions or notes to read - only those you make yourself.However, I figured out everything except for the secret ending without any outside help. First, note that it is practically impossible to get truly stuck. Yes, you may be unable to solve a puzzle, but you cannot break anything so that it is unsolvable, and you cannot get trapped anywhere. I encountered no glitches at all, which is definitely a plus.There is an in-game hints system, which I do recommend using. Be prepared for some backtracking (the game makes this easier later on), and to write down everything. Some things look like puzzles but aren't. Some puzzles can be solved through a simple trial-and-error approach, others require finding the clue or simple logic.I say ""simple"", though there are a couple of rather fiendish puzzles in here. Investigate everything. Try everything. Like I said, this game is impossible to break.There is no save button, the game simply saves when you quit - which made me a little nervous but always worked as intended. There is no way to return to an earlier save, but there is also no reason to want to; unless you want to solve the puzzles again, in which case you should start a new game.If you like puzzles, don't want your hand held, and find the screenshots intruging, you will likely enjoy Kairo."
76561198171146837,Recommended,233230,23989005,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,evawdnuoScimotA,"This game feels empty as there is only 1 person in a big room kind of way, some people say it is boring but I don't see it that way, it is exploring and puzzles, some of which are quite abstract.This is a game where there is no rush to do stuff I feel because it is relaxed.If you like more energetic games better I can't recommend this but if you like relaxed go at your own pace games and weird puzzles, this is a must have."
,Recommended,233230,14803271,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Troutpusher,"If you have the patience for a small amount of backtracking and have a love for disturbing soundtracks, by all means, go for it."
,Recommended,233230,8955678,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Marona,"An intriguing first person puzzle and exploration game with unique architech. Sure there are a few annoying puzzles here and there, but the main thing about this game is exploration, which is what I love about this game."
,Recommended,233230,35402325,Posted: 1 October,all,winny,"Pros:Works in wine more-or-less flawlessly.Cons:Freezing issues with the native Linux port, game unplayable. Use Wine."
,Recommended,233230,29758157,Posted: 7 February,all,Slice of Cheese,"Only recommended if you like 3D platformer puzzle game in mysterious environment. Otherwise, not particularly memorable."
,Recommended,233230,20140037,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,nyang,"Cool puzzles, but you may get lost easily because the game lacks information and directions sometimes"
,Recommended,233230,8445866,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SidFishious,Mindblaster
76561198049000736,Recommended,233230,19737448,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,orso,"A wonderfully cryptic game. Kairo's world is a foreboding, mysterious and somewhat creepy place, yet one that will reside in your memory for a long time.The gameplay is largely based on exploration and relatively straightforward puzzle-solving, and the game does not take a whole lot of time to finish.Despite the apparently 'cold' exterior, Kairo actually builds to a poignant ending - if you have the time to explore all of the secrets and secret rooms, and can put the pieces together, you will be rewarded with an interesting implied narrative. Note that the game has no exposition at all, so it's all very subtle.The answer does not lie within the secret ending - it lies in all of the game.Kairo is worth the time and the little money it asks, especially if you're into adventure and first-person puzzlers."
76561198032121533,Recommended,233230,19610899,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Lady Z,Really enjoyed this one. Found it quite relaxing to play.
76561198001156514,Recommended,233230,19823809,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,pcmikeoftheup,"Very challenging, very atmospheric. I almost wish it had no ending. Great first person experience\puzzle."
,Recommended,233230,20140574,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,sgt zookles,"A very atmospheric, challenging puzzle game that plays out like an unnerving dream."
,Recommended,233230,25802822,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Onyxpectacle,Great surreal game with interesting atmosphere - but often not clear how to solve puzzles
,Recommended,233230,33688882,Posted: 20 July,all,Arclight,"An extremely interesting puzzle adventure! It feels like a piece of art. The puzzles are absolutely delightful. Not too easy, not too difficult. Def recommend it for the price point!"
,Recommended,233230,13209570,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Lintire,"Kairo is worth your time and money, but only because it requires minute amounts of both. I recommend it in all its lukewarm glory.It's a puzzle-game with platforming elements - unlike its contemporaries Kairo gives you a full range of movement that helps avoid the monotony of more ""walking simulator""-esque games, though it rarely expects you to actually platform. There's something to be said for bunnyhopping your way through the environment, and there's even some collectables that take advantage of the movement system.Kairo ran well enough, though I did have some minor troubles getting stuck on the geometry and consistently had clipping issues with the camera edges while running it at a 1920x1080 resolution, which I don't particularly hold against the game.It bills itself as an exploration game, but the progression is still largely straightforward - you travel from hub to hub solving puzzles in siderooms accessible via portals. Your exploration is largely limited to the next area the game wants you to go. I didn't think this was a negative aspect in the slightest, as I've personally no interest in wandering around some landscape with no idea where to go, but unless you figure exploration to mean ""looking at the game as you progress through it"" then it does stand out.The puzzles are simple and easy to figure out, rarely requiring more than a few minutes of experimentation to figure out each ones internal logic structure (outside of one frustratingly weird gear puzzle that I'm still not sure how I managed to solve). You're never outright told what to do, but given your simple moveset and means of interaction - mostly pushing blocks or activating buttons - it's not hard to figure out, though there's a hint system anyway. If you've ever played a puzzle game before, you'll just be going through the motions.Throughout the game, there's a consistent rate of highly unique rooms to traverse as you solve the puzzles presented. These rooms are sadly marred by their low budget - the massive structures are simplistic, and empty, mostly relying on the novelty of the colour schemes and their sheer vastness to hold your attention. Given the short amount of time you spend in each area, it works, though if/when you backtrack to pick up collectables you've missed and solve optional puzzles you'll the novelty wears off.Story is there, but it's completely ambiguous, mostly symbolic and only really lends itself to the game through some notable imagery. It's not really worth ""figuring out"", I didn't bother with it and I doubt it's meant to be a part of the ""experience"", but the flavour it lends to the puzzles is appreciated nonetheless.The advantages of Kairo lie in how casual a game it is. It's a game to wind down with, cool off and a have a cup of joe while adjusting to the game's own wavelength. It was obviously a labour of love, but there's not much more to the game than that. There's nothing wrong with that. There's just nothing memorable about it either."
,Recommended,233230,25391446,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,GordoRolha,"Good soundtrack, good puzzles(very difficult ones) and amazing sounds and atmosphere. Definitely worth buying. This game is art, not just a simple game of puzzle."
,Not Recommended,233230,35278707,Posted: 28 September,all,sparkyarmadillo,"As far as I can tell, there are very few puzzles in this puzzle game. You mostly just move forward from area to area, like a walking simulator. Unlike those, however, Kairo doens't boast much of interest to look at as you walk. It's a bit like moving around in an early 2000's abstract screensaver with vaguely mystical music."
,Recommended,233230,21994154,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,The Jumping Ghost,"I unfortunately got this game just days before it went on sale, but at full price it still felt like an amazing deal.  Imagine LSD: Dream Emulator but texturally subdued and transformed into a relatively linear puzzle game, with just a dash of the Assassin's Creed 2 glyph sequences for flavor.The graphics and designs of the game are unimpressive, but not uninentionally so.  The minimalism of both the visuals and the music create a complexly desolate atmosphere, and, like LSD, the emptiness of the world never comes off as a result of laziness but of tasteful restraint.  It's easy to fill a puzzle game with distracting elements that intrude on the experience as a whole, but it's refreshing to see one that makes an enjoyable experience using only movement controls and basic graphics.In the vein of games like Fract OSC, Antichamber, The Devil's Tuning Fork, and Against the Wall, this is a game that does not hold the player's hand at any point and does not even provide any form of communication or instruction to the player until the ending, allowing for total uninterrupted exploration, and the game is intuitive enough to keep going at a steady pace regardless.  This makes sense in an internal way, as well, as the game is set in a long abandoned universe in which the player is a complete stranger.The ending is a bit cheesy and the sequences that reveal the world's story are unoriginal at best.  I was also unimpressed by the various photographs and videos that attempted to connect Kairo to Earth, which appear incessantly throughout the game just incase the message wasn't received the first few times.  In a puzzle game that involves some amount of thought in order to progress, this felt patronizing and undermined the feeling that the game developer trusts the player to make the connections themselves.  The alien and deserted tone of the game was also diminished by this forced message, which left me wishing that the game had remained mysterious and totally detached from the real world like it initially appeared.  It seems as if the game was created first, but in the later stages of development the developer decided to tack a deeper story onto the game, conflicting with the original vision for the project.Bland connotations aside, I didn't expect to spend nine hours in this game, and it says something about Kairo that I can spend a day backtracking through every area multiple times in order to unlock the achievements and the secret ending and still have fond memories of the experience (even if the secret ending was a massive disappointment).Ultimately, I would recommend this game if you want something that has a poweful and moving atmosphere, but if you're just looking for a puzzle game then look elsewhere, as the puzzles here aren't as memorable as the overarching experience."
76561198065768971,Recommended,233230,11721194,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Snickkerz,I wish there were more surreal/artsy games out there like this.
,Recommended,233230,29579212,Posted: 29 January,all,Lakasouso,"Played Kairo to decrease the size of my unplayed Steam library.Left with an special, odd, and lonely feeling."
,Recommended,233230,19139661,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Rotomu,"If you've played Antichamber, Myst or Fract, it's got the same immersive experience."
76561198087951038,Recommended,233230,14037729,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Misanthrope,"Ever since I started playing this game, I have been plagued by unspeakable nightmares. Such horrific phantasms that cannot be adequately described by human beings have ravished my every sleeping moment. I can't fully describe the horror, but I will do my best.My dreams all start with me standing on a throne pedestal, overseeing nothing but a building off to the left and a tall tower to the right. As i enter the building, it plays the beginning of the game through my head, sometimes doing puzzles out of order, finding odd things wrong with them, like looking behind a pillar for the symbols and finding Trollfaces there instead. But all my dreams end the same way. Everything starts turning all grainy and fuzzy, and suddenly I can't move, and a giant red rhombus starts licking the right side of my nose and I can't get away.Damn that red rhombus.Then I'm being chased  through something like a chinese restaurant except everything is blue and on the ceiling, and nothing's chasing me, but a waterfall of chicken noodle soup keeps raining down from the sky, except its not chicken noodle soop. I don't know. And then, God starts slapping me back and forth across the face, yelling some bizarre phrase over and over that seems to make a lot of sense but i can never remember what he said.Then I fall back into the game, and the red rhombus (damn that red rhombus), starts chasing me while punching a pair of my old tennis shoes, or some other object from my house. Sometimes i wake up at that point, but other times I end up in what could only be described as cowboy hell where I'm tormented by something like Johnny Cash and yodelling cacti for a while, and then right before the earth-sized cake from Portal is about to crush me, I wake up.The full horror of these dreams cannot be expressed fully through these feeble attempts.∞/√-3 would walk lonely and blindly through an abandoned ghost world again"
,Recommended,233230,11860432,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Compsognathus,3spooky5me
76561197978820749,Recommended,233230,13962084,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,railslavegames,"Mirror moon for the rift (till then)I can tell you ALREADY, after a few mins, this is my rifts new killer app (after windlands)Works amazingly on dk1 with a low spec laptop, minimilist but lots of nice big things to stare up and up at (you rifters understand )Musics also very swans/silent hill sounding"
,Recommended,233230,12881072,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Mr_M4doff // F L Y K N I T,"Amazing atmosphere. This game is great and well worth its low price. It is eery and creepy, but in a very subtly and artful way. I cannot recommend this game enough. It's like walking through modern art.TL;DR: Imagine if the TATE Museum and Portal had a child."
76561198071611866,Not Recommended,233230,10614229,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,FreeSlave,"Kairo game has really poor level design. It's not minimalism or something. It's just ugly. Levels have all common mapper's mistakes like bad lights and incorrectly aligned textures. Although I saw it from video and screenshots, I still hoped that Kairo has interesting puzzles and enthralling atmosphere, but it does not. Puzzles are just random or inane and your character's physics make their solving even worse. Player movements are slow and clunky.It looks like first project of author and the main problem is that the game is sold for money. Seriously, I would forgive the most flaws if game was free. Most, but still not all. I played many free games/mods/mappacks created by enthusiasts that have much better level design, atmosphere, storyline, puzzles, etc. And all they look like authors actually endeavored to make their creations better. I can't say same about Kairo.If you still bought this game, don't forget to change settings: remove this waste ""grained effect"" and unacceptable ""look smoothing"". Also don't forget to increase FOV (Field Of View), it seems like author does not know that many players feel sickness and headache because of small FOV."
,Not Recommended,233230,10817820,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Monstah,"The concept is interesting, but the graphics are crude. The atmosphere is immersing, but the controls are not. The architecture makes you wonder, but the puzzles and scenery progression tell no story whatsoever.There is no coherence or flow; some puzzles are BAD (looking at you, Pi), the hints are abrupt and without any subtlety. The interaction is poor. Walking up stairways gives headaches from the camera motion; too close to walls and you see through them. Strange things in the scenery prompt questions, but nothing around intends to answer them.There is a mystery surrounding Kairo, and it is: ""why am I still playing?"""
76561198055517936,Not Recommended,233230,31385329,Posted: 26 April,all,BubblesRRJ,"Kairo pales drastically in comparison to critically acclaimed success, Myst: a game of similar presentation and design caliber, created with a modest budget for its time, and which made a far greater impact on the gaming world. Kairo takes any and all reason that could (and frankly should) be percieved within a puzzle game, wipes its proverbial posterior with it, and readily hands it back to you with a childish snigger. What facets of Kairo that would seem to lead towards some sort of explanation is eerily creepy and unsatisfactory because it doesn't explain a single thing. I found it a disappointment and a borderline insult to the puzzle game genre."
,Recommended,233230,13890008,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,EDWARD FX™,Forever Alone!!!
,Recommended,233230,12330972,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Bird Guy,"The world ofKairomay be unsettling for some. I found a sort of, unclear affection to it. Not quite a ""game"" in the traditional sense, not quite an art experiment.Kairofalls deep within harmony of those two descriptions, offering a very reflective, interactive experience that very rarely seen in this age. Despite the frequent use of a single color palette per area, each environment is unique and will stay in your mind hours after leaving them. The simple yet gratifying gameplay will leave a lasting impression even after you finish this interactive poem.But for me personally, the pure yet intricate sound design and tranquil soundtrack still peer into my thoughts daily. This piece of art will always stand out for me as one of the most surreal and hypnagogic experiences I encountered in any medium. I cannot recommendKairoenough."
76561198070067604,Recommended,233230,13450317,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Rust7,"Cool atmospheric logic game, really liked it!Overall: 10/10"
76561198021024390,Recommended,233230,29697264,Posted: 4 February,all,Kryxix,"Awesome game, totally my style. Reminds me when i was 9, and tried to solve Driller Freescape in 1987.Fantastic 10/10.Thank you Richard Perrin!"
,Recommended,233230,29492731,Posted: 25 January,all,Tuxxomoly,"Kairo has some neat architecture and a couple good puzzles mixed in with some not so great maps, a bad SSAO implementation, poor framerates, and a camera that clips through walls if you set the FOV above 60 degrees. It's worth buying on sale if you want a borderline walking simulator with nice puzzles and atmosphere."
76561198041040258,Recommended,233230,8367529,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,April Ryan,"Just play it few minute, YOU CAN'T STOP IT"
,Recommended,233230,12383443,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Dark Blue Monkey,"Well, that was probably the most engrossed I've been in a game for a while.  It takes me right back to ""Driller"" or its sequel ""Far Side"" which, used ""Freescape"", an early 3D, to evoke alien and unusual environments.   Unlike those two early games, Kairo gives no backstory, and lets you attempt to figure it out for yourself. I love it...The whole game is extremely minimalist in its level design, but extremely evocative of space and alienness.  The aesthetics are a mix of old and new:  blocky, simplistic but with texture mapping, reflections, fog, flames and more.  The overly simplistic design may deter some who would dismiss the game as dated, but anything more complex would start to get in the way of the narrative.It may not have been the designer's ""point"", but the simplicity of the environment allows you to completely ignore it, and focus more on playing the game.  And playing may not be the best definition either:  experience, discover, enjoy are also great definitions for this.The beginning makes it look like you'll be exploring ancient egyptian ruins (albeit in a dreamy world of whiteness), before  abruptly turning grey and industrial-feeling.  The game continues to take turns and each area feels and plays a lot different.The only time that the simplicity works against the game is when an area is more complex than it looks. After traversing a dozen empty corridors, and passing stray cubes, you may not realise that another grey unmarked stray cube is, in fact, a trigger for some action, and be left puzzling for a while.  Such ""difficulty through obscurity"" is a hard one to balance right, to be honest, so I'll let it off, mostly.I think the thing I enjoy most about Kairo is that it really plays with our preconceptions of what a 3d puzzle game is.  They jokingly call one of their achievements ""Locked Door Puzzle"" as a nod to other more mainstream games.I really enjoyed playing Kairo, and then with the help of a cheat to find all the secrets.. A great minimal game.  If you do decide to play it, don't try and speed-run it.  although it looks shallow and simplistic, there are a lot of hidden (or just obscure) tidbits for the explorer."
,Recommended,233230,14047767,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,DINNYFORST,"Complex, Surreal, and Haunting atmospheric puzzle game which takes player to explore and engage player to fix the broken world. Not just the impressive world design, but room puzzles are pretty challenged and make you think in logic... And beautiful musics.I highly recommend for people who interest in abstract  game and fun puzzle to deal."
76561198082489809,Recommended,233230,11715254,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,amarao,"Astonishingly aesthetic. I can't say 'beautiful', but aesthetic it is. Grotesque and gigantic scale, rough surfaces and brilliant presentation of empty space. This is pure art - you getting concrete feeling of empty space (pun intended), visualization of nothingness and monolithness.Sound environment and indirect interactions make it bewitching and slightly frightening, like you suddenly got eye-to-eye with something which is too big to grasp.Puzzles are not 'puzzles' in terms of 'solving', but in terms of 'finding the puzzle'. Understand the rules of interaction, find patterns in that interaction, and only after that solve it. Solving is not main part, recognition is.The best game without human narrative I ever saw."
,Not Recommended,233230,26547912,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Drakevarg,"Kairo: A unique four-spice blend of vague pretentiousness and pretentious vagueness.I didn't exactly have high expectations for Kairo going in, as walking simulator/puzzle games aren't really my cup of tea. But the game's art style caught my eye and I picked it up while it was on sale for a buck in hopes of enjoying some fantastic vistas. No such luck, unfortunately, as the game's minimalist style meant that the majority of the game was a series of isolated floating platforms and empty rooms punctuated by puzzles and tedious drag-face-along-every-wall style collectable hunts.The Garden segment in particular was a complete pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ as they randomly decided 2/3rds of the way in to completely change how the portals between rooms worked, and I spent a good half an hour wandering around the level hub trying to find the way forward because absolutely no indication was given that the decorative arches scattered around the level were teleporters, given that they weren't every time they had shown up in the set design prior.I will say this, though: the secret ending ALMOST made up for it all. Almost."
,Not Recommended,233230,24507865,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Aequitarian,"Not particularly good. Lots of clipping/mesh issues and places to see through the world. Everything feels disjointed and tacked together by someone who just figured out how to model a polygon and watned to do something with them. Completed the first chunk of the game but so far no real puzzles, just random♥♥♥♥♥♥thrown together with no conveyance.It does nail atmosphere on the strength of the ambient soundtrack but even that is cheapened bt how poorly laid out the world is."
,Recommended,233230,14363915,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,ethiixx,"If you have a couple hours to kill and want an interesting, smart and beautiful Puzzle game to play, get Kairo."
,Recommended,233230,28351048,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Trevor Pickard,"Reasons For Recommended:1. Easy Perfect Game2. Cool Secret Ending3. My 5th perfect game (sorry, but can't help being biased to this game)Not as Good:1. No story2. Extremely boring rooms3. No plotComments:The gameplay was not very fun, there were no enemies where it felt like there should be danger. It was almost like an empty Legend of Zelda dungeon and about as long as one."
,Recommended,233230,14398950,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Van 2,)(
,Recommended,233230,6244282,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Tiff,"The creepiest game I've ever played, but the only creepy one I've actually liked.  The way Kario creates puzzle solving completely through player movement is pure genius, and the odd machines and structures of this world are awe-inspiring.  The world of Kario will be in my mind forever, even if I don't know it.  I haven't have any dreams about it yet, but I'm sure there there will be remanants of it, deliberate and accidental, in everything I do from now on.Purely moving, disturbing, and amazing."
,Recommended,233230,7801858,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Howell2010,"If you are a fan of abstract art, puzzles or anti-chamber, then I would suggest you get this. It is pretty mind-blowing. The puzzles aren't too hard, but do sometimes require some thinking.I've not finished this game yet, but it is an experience I do recommend. As I write this it is on sale for 70% off. If you are reading this and are even slightly interested in the game, buy it for that price."
,Not Recommended,233230,15363453,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,yotsuba,"I spent like less than a dollar on this, and I still regret it."
,Not Recommended,233230,16752916,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sniffy,"I'm not sure what was going on, and gave me a pretty good headache. If you get headaches easily would not reccomend this."
76561197967009993,Not Recommended,233230,22760498,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Smokens,This game gives me nauseas
,Not Recommended,233230,20433127,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Plebby,"I didn't enjoy this game very much at all. I expected it to be a lot like Portal or Anti Chamber, but really not a good game. I've heard it gets better as you go along, but I don't have the time or patience for this game.Pros:Steam trading cardsAchievementsDecent trailerWill most likely improve in the futurePossible to play with only 1 handLots of languagesCons:Bad GraphicsLots of times the light was so bright it hurt my eyes after only just popping up on screenHorrible air controlBoring levelsSome ""puzzles"" are literally just you walking around untill you find a gateOnly 11 achievementsHorrible texturing systemFell through the world and had to restart multiple timesAllthough has lots of languages, it seems as though the average person could set it to a foreign language they don't understand, and complete most if not all of the gameUnnecessary static on almost all textures"
,Recommended,233230,13969935,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,HackeR&GameR,Man this game is really cool.I wonder what drug creator used to make this!+i got it for 44 cents!
,Recommended,233230,15359863,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,SionTheSilver,"This game is really cool :3-it has a great, engaging soundtrack-the graphics are good and have very defined edges-it's pretty easy to run-mediocre puzzles-can be boring at times5.6/10"
76561198053758730,Recommended,233230,17602652,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,paul_sneaky,"This game is creepy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ No jumpscares. There's nothing even to worry about. But the soundtrack... it's very desturbing. All these static. Noises and voices. I had a goosebumps all the way i've played it, and almost♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants, seriosly. But the game is still a good if you wanna play. Patience required."
,Recommended,233230,12977749,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,♥Lilac♥,"This is a ""boring"" game, and I liked it. It is essentially a puzzle/exploration game where you have the most minimalistic controls. The puzzles are challenging, but more than that this game is more of an ""experience"" than a challenge. The ominous and almost spiritual music gives this game a kind of mesmerizing, depressing, uplifting, and unsettling feeling. A very surreal game to be sure, and one that I keep thinking about from time to time. Since the game is running so cheap as of the writing of this review I encourage anyone who says to themselves now and then ""I wanna play a game where I don't kill something"", just go ahead and give this a shot, even for an hour. Monument Valley meets Yume Nikki, this is one boring game I recommend, yes yes."
,Recommended,233230,13007033,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,☞ SangreSani,So damn atmospheric. The ambience is a masterpiece.Great game that matches abstraction and logic into one thing.
,Recommended,233230,12947148,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,My✚hical,"Great break from all the regular commercial gameplay! Chill, explore, discover new areas and puzzles while flowing in the realm of Kairo. I randomly stumbled upon this game and I loved every minute playing it and greatly recommend it if you're looking to try a different kind of puzzle game!+Amazing puzzles+Relaxing environment+Mystic vibe+Great minimalistic storyline (or lack!)+Easy Achievements+Trading Cards (Emotes/Backgrounds)-Short-Label the MAP buttonPersonal Ranking:7/10"
76561198045973228,Not Recommended,233230,12896389,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Down Smasher,"Great game overall, but I didnt like the atomsphere the game was trying to accomplish. Sure its wierd, lonely, myserious and all that. I just wasnt a fan of the 1/6 of scary atmosphere. The graphics dont really tie together for me. Maybe I just dont like the graphics idk. The puzzles were pretty neat. And one last note, this may not be for other people but this game is very graphic intensive. i tried running 1920 x 1080 on a $1200 computer. Decked out with a gtx 760. it ran really choppy. In the end i had to lower my resolution. Keep in mind I can run very graphic intensive games and they look alot better than this game. i just dont understand why these graphics arent even that complex yet it takes so much to run it decently."
,Recommended,233230,11975589,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Hamakei,"Fantastic stuff. Kind of reminds me of the sort of game Antichamber wishes it was. Both are exploration-puzzle style games with few (if any) clues as to what is going on, whereas that game is just plain frustrating, Kairo is thoroughly engaging.It's difficult to give atmosphere to a game that looks like it was made in 3D Construction Kit, but Kairo manages it. The sheer bleakness and huge open areas give a sense of loneliness and futility, but these are fleetingly overcome when you manage to solve one of the game's many puzzles.The puzzles themselves have plenty of variety, despite not having an inventory. There are ""arranging object"" puzzles, ""standing in the right place"" puzzles and ""working out the right order"" puzzles just to get you started.I would like to have had a little more exposition, as even after finishing the game you're still not very clear on what exactly is going on, but it doesn't matter."
76561198026398393,Not Recommended,233230,14335223,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,SilverWolf,"I am a big fan of this games atmosphere but close to 1h in to the game I find no dirrection of what to do, where to go, in what order to try and solve the puzzles. Why am I in this world, is it a dream? What is the end goal? Could use more dirrection, somewhat interesting puzzles but the overall aspect of the game can get frustrating."
,Recommended,233230,34310926,Posted: 17 August,all,Wirrn,"An intuitive nonverbal exploration-platformer. Extremely satisfying to progress, though some of its puzzles are admittedly BS. Excellent visual design and use of color."
,Not Recommended,233230,8385440,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Hubes,"I really wanted to like Kairo but there is too much wrong with it for me to enjoy. The game doesn't make it clear when it saves and it doesn't give you the option to save whenever you want. This resulted in me completing major puzzles of the game and then leaving only to come back days later and realize that twenty minutes of work was gone. The player also moves to slow for some of the larger room puzzles which means correcting mistakes is a pain and bother. The only thing I really liked about the game was the lack of a HUD although at times this meant that I had no idea what to do since there was never any instructions. Honestly, a quick save feature would have made me love this game or at the very least an icon that shows when the game is saving but with neither of those things, I would highly recommend you avoid this game."
76561197972316222,Not Recommended,233230,7986397,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Gurgel Brannare,"Pretty cool idea, but mixed puzzles, some are smart and cool while others should get scrapped. Graphicaly it's also a mixed bag ranging from cool minimalistic to uninspired block-up that feels unfinished.It feels like a proof of concept and if I had tested it as one I'd probably say that: ""Yeah you really got something there"" but not as a finished game."
,Not Recommended,233230,8152577,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,MediocreOkra,"The puzzles are ok, the plot is a little incoherent at times (even for a puzzle game), and there's nothing really special about this game. If you're looking for a cheap time-waster, go ahead and get it while it's on sale. If you're looking for a great puzzle game, try Antichamber or mabye FEZ."
,Not Recommended,233230,35021351,Posted: 17 September,all,forkburn,Boring
76561198025051194,Recommended,233230,13540955,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,emirfassad,Truly one of the most clever puzzles I have played.  A work of art.
,Not Recommended,233230,15070857,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,MellowDan,"Let me first say that if you are expecting Kairo to be something along the lines of Myst, Riven or, for that matter, any challenging puzzler, do not buy. The puzzles lack depth, complexity, and do not require deep thinking in order to discover the solution. They feel like an afterthought and I think the developer intentionally designed them so to make the experience in Kairo more fluid.As you may have read, Kairo is a minimalist exploration game (though it's more of an abstract art gallery simulator). Meaning you can only walk, run, and jump. Your interaction with machines is restricted thus partially explaining the lack of depth in some of the puzzles. No in game button prompts. Nothing out of the Kairo's context distracts you, save the notification that informs you've solved a puzzle. It's all for the purpose of pulling you deep into Kairo's world full of abstract architecture and objects with strange behavior that apparently defies physics. The fine grain filter and errie soundtrack assist in attempting to build an absorbing atmosphere.Except I felt a disconnect for some reason. None of the abstract architectures (nor the atmosphere) evoked any feelings. No texts located anywhere to provide some backstory. Perhaps (and I'm not sure) some story could be deciphered (or interpreted) but the game gave me no reason or motivation to invest the effort into it. Even during the conclusion when Kairo's purpose was hinted at, no tingle of emotion.In my opinion, you can approach this game like you approach a strange dream right after waking up, either invest the energy to interpret it and derive personal meaning or instantly forget about all the vague disjointed images. If you're the former or if the idea of an abstract art gallery simulator sounds appealing, then maybe Kairo might be for you.However, if you are looking for something with cohesion and a game that gradually unfolds a story with clarity (or a challenging puzzler as talked about in first paragraph) then I would defintely pass this one up."
,Not Recommended,233230,14195040,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,k-dog,"do not get this game unless its on sale. I got this game for less than a dollar, and still regret it. this is one of the only games that I've hated so much that I uninstalled it. its just a waste if storage. the lack of story and awfull sensitivity really ruins the experience. the puzzles are either really dull, and lack originality, or are close to impossible due to lack of explanation. the games graphics leave a lot to be desired. Frankly, I wanted to like this game, but I can't. 10/10 would uninstall again."
76561198088783978,Not Recommended,233230,15286609,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,fchs219376,"A very dry game.The puzzles aren't very rewarding, they leave you with a feeling 'of oh thank god thats over' when you complete them which only leads you into a new 'oh ♥♥♥♥ this thing' situation.The atmosphere is . . . geometrical. I think they were trying for a mysterious egypt alien feel or something with the constant boxes etherial sounds though it overstays it's welcome very quickly and you are then left with a textureless environment with backround noise switching from ambient to blairing speaker feedback depending on where you are.There is no story and I couldn't force myself to finish the game after the first hour and a half so I will never know if there is a reason I was even doing these almost mindless tasks. But as far as I played there wasn't a single semblence of dialouge or story.Overall, for a game produced by one man it isn't the worst thing to ever come out, but the fact that it WAS entirely coded by one person should key you in on the quality of the product. Compare it to any other game and it is terrible.You will not be happy if you spend money on this game, don't buy . . . seriously, just don't."
,Recommended,233230,22127993,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Balandinis,My favourite game that I don't know how to play. 10/10
76561197999920412,Not Recommended,233230,32505456,Posted: 17 June,all,Self-rescuing Princess,"I love first-person puzzle games and ""walking simulators"", and I was pretty let-down by this one. The puzzles aren't challenging or engaging enough, the environments are kinda pretty but don't have the breathtaking or deeply atmospheric quality of other games, the atmosphere is not consistently wonderous, creepy, or mysterious, and all in all, I just don't think it's worth it."
76561198062942208,Not Recommended,233230,24779882,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Chronumbra,"Honestly this game just isn't good. I'm not very far into the game but I can't bring myself to play it much more. The puzzles aren't interesting, the graphics are so basic and are lacking in detail so much that it gives me a headache, along with the mediocre frame rate, and the scenery just doesn't make sense (not in a ""what is this strange world"" way, but in a ""what were the designers thinking?"" way). It's one thing to bury a plot in mystery, it's another thing to pretend that you have a plot when you don't."
76561198061833425,Not Recommended,233230,34354805,Posted: 19 August,all,iNSaNiTi,"First off, this isn't a bad ""game"". Although calling it a game might be a stretch. The game tosses you into an open world without an direction or information. Kind of like Legend of Zelda which I like. But there are no enemies or NPCs to interact with. So I suppose it's more like Myst in that way. But there isn't any inventory or any objects to collect. Certain things you can press on with your character.  This is to solve simple yet baffling puzzles in the environment. I'd lean to calling it more of a visual novel, but then again there is no dialog. I've tried the game a couple times and just can't get into it. It feels more like an art installation than a game. Perhaps this is what the author was going for.From a technical standard point, it runs well even on a lower end laptop. There doesn't seem to be any glitches or crashes. If functions well, I just don't know if I'd call it a game per say."
76561198041277086,Not Recommended,233230,29384549,Posted: 20 January,all,araya sıkışan kedi,"At the begining it was quite charming -indie, low graphics and maybe a mind blowing philosofical plot- but later it become so frustrating that you cant tell if something is a puzzle or not and you just go aorund but with no clues at all (yes there are hints that game offer but some are totally useless). Both standart and secrett anding are meaningless. So i can say that a workshop map of cs:go has more time put in thatn this game."
,Not Recommended,233230,10918946,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Cyranek,"This game is awful. The puzzles make no sense. The music is awful, and the same sound effects are used over and over.  9/10"
,Recommended,233230,32833534,Posted: 26 June,all,Barnyyyyy,Where do I buy that coffee?
,Not Recommended,233230,10991791,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,☯UrKungFuNoGood☯,"Probably one of the worst games I've ever played. The artwork is sloppy, the puzzles are senseless and the hints simply tell you that you have to solve a puzzle to advance... lolOnly reason I'm playing it is to get the achievements and to maybe see if it's all worth it in the end."
,Recommended,233230,12395744,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,TheRealCelticBatman,"Think Myst, with a darker, shorter, and much simpler (even decades later) graphic and color palette and you have Kairo.Like FPS?  This isnt for you.  Its exploration / Walksim with an ethereal bent.6/10"
76561197974088351,Not Recommended,233230,22612091,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Zolaerla,"As a puzzle-lover, I was really looking forward to this game since so many reviews compare it to other games I rather enjoyed, such as Anti-Chamber. However, I only got an hour into this game and was completely bored by it.The graphics look like they were made in the mid-90s; things like the original Unreal had higher poly counts than this does, and more graphical cohesion. Just about everything is done with blocks and the textures, in-as-much as they are even used, seem to be just tossed on to objects as almost an after-thought. Even ""water"" is just a bunch of disconnected rectangles. Rooms have seemingly random color selections, with almost everything being very monotone (a violet room, a red room, a grey room, etc.) There is no way to know if the fog means you'll fall, or you can walk on it (like the intro area). In fact, there's no way to know if a block is meant to be walked on or not except to try and see if you go through it or not.Gameplay is very simplistic. You can move, move faster (run) and jump and that is all of the controls. They have the option to do this all with the mouse, but since the game doesn't bind the mouse cursor, this doesn't work well with my 3 monitor set up since I jump out of the game the next time I click to start walking after turning around.Like everything else, the puzzles are very minimalistic. The ones I could find were very easy to solve. However, several of them you cannot even tell if they are puzzles or not... or even what you should be doing.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=672171036For example, in one (red) room in the second area, there are a bunch of pedestals that make sounds. If you look up, you see stars above them that have lines drawn on them from the last 4 pedestals... and no indication of what you should do. It has a triangle in the middle that is aligned and shaped without matching the stars, so there is no indication which of the many triangle shapes you should be making, or if that is even the correct thing to do. I spent probably 20 minutes making various triangles in that room, to no avail.In another area, there were what looked like a lot of pods that had screens on them. Most of the screens had static, but one showed a low-res version of what you were seeing, and a couple others showed something else. The significance of this place was totally lost on me.Also hidden in the game are tiny symbol things you can collect for... no known reason at all. They seem to largely be hidden in various rooms, so trying to collect those turns into the ""look very closely at every wall from every angle"" sort of thing... it was getting tedious.The ""world"" is also very minimal. It is just a bunch of separate ""rooms"" with portals connecting them. There is no real plot to be found, no idea why any of this exists, who you are supposed to be, or what the point is to ""solving"" the puzzles. It felt pointless, and not really rewarding for solving anything."
,Recommended,233230,12308500,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Argus,"Enigmatic and atmospheric. I really found myself enjoying this game. What Kairo lacks in graphical fidelity it makes up in sound design. The soundtrack meshes with the stark and rigidly geometric envirnment to convey a sense of place and meaning. The ""story"" of the game is very much open to interpretation but I thought it was poignant and dramatic. Pushing through the games puzzles - which, admittedly, at times were a little needlessly opaque - nevertheless gave me a real sense of purpose. It's wonderful that a game like this can be created through crowdfunding, and deliver such a hefty emotional punch despite such a small budget."
,Recommended,233230,19273560,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Adrihfu #FIXCSGO,Good puzzle plataformer.
,Recommended,233230,24666641,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Tidreit,The game is very much different and interesting.
76561198079986184,Not Recommended,233230,28740218,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Dongo Bongo,"I hate to give a negative review, mainly because I tried really hard to keep a positive view of Kairo, but eeehhhhhh.... no, sorry.I will say, The environments you explore were pretty surreal (keep in mind it is minimalist on purpose), the atmosphere set thoughout the game is decent, and the music sets a good tone thoughout the game as well (minus it being looped quite often), but there isn't to much beef to the story (if you'd call it a story).First, for a developer to make a game based on the theme of ""leaving you in the dark,"" it must at least provide a basic foundation/world where you can glean some information to build lore and hypothesize; this of which Kairo provides barely any. This in turn nulls the whole mission to ""Slowly uncover the true purpose of Kairo and fulfil a great destiny.""Second, I encountered a lot of backtracking and ""nose-to-wall"" gameplay to get the achievements, which I figure isn't ideal for most people.Lastly, the main 'secret' achievement you strive for in the end totally destroyed the emmersion you've been plugged into throughout the game.If the game is on sale and you'd say that you're more artisticly thoughtful than the average person, by all means; but of your not, I'd save your dollars."
,Not Recommended,233230,29355594,Posted: 19 January,all,PapaBrain,I liked the vibe. But all the mystery has no point in the end.
76561198032632811,Not Recommended,233230,19864021,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,CasualCheetah,"Convoluted puzzles that are made tiresome by your characters slow and very slippery movement.Not bad, but definitely not something I'd recommend."
76561198013870351,Recommended,233230,20139768,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Conrad,amazing.
,Recommended,233230,10506160,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Mr. Roboto,I honestly thought it was ok. Not bad but meh.
,Recommended,233230,8424931,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,I can't preTEND ANYmore,At first you think you're playing a first person adventure game. But then you start falling OFF THE ♥♥♥♥ING WORLD AND THE FLOORS DISSAPEAR AND ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAMES ♥♥♥♥S YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥MAN IT ♥♥♥♥S THE ♥♥♥♥S UP OUT OF THE ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,233230,23461046,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,deadmeat,gud game
76561198074415689,Recommended,233230,23428700,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,joliet_jane,"Wow, coooooollll... far out man!Yeah, I bought this game, played around with it, and enjoyed exploring the spaces within. I didn't get very far, I just wanted to look at it. I'm satisfied with it. You can actually try to complete the game if you want, but... it's all good, man."
,Recommended,233230,16571951,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,My Beautiful Fiancée,Trippy af. I love this game though.
,Recommended,233230,11383310,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Septer,"A very very good puzzle game, definitely worth the buy for anyone who is thinking about it. There's lots of variety throughout with a comedy element thrown in there to. Worth full price all day long. 10/10"
,Recommended,233230,14434753,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,FL1ppY,"Even though the graphics of this game are so easily made, the ambience it creates is incredible and I have loved playing through this entire game. There is a very complicated story behind this game (Kairo is a second moon of earth, thats just a hint) and even though there is zero story told your own mind creates one. I am definitely wanting to see more games like this, would recommend to anyone who loves extremely complicated puzzles and slow, but interesting gameplay."
,Recommended,233230,7894295,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Береги бачок,охренительная игра.
,Recommended,233230,27920785,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sonoflear,"This game I suggested a award for it called ""Do you see what I see?"" because of it being an adventure puzzle game where you are requires to look almost EVERYWHERE (still haven't found all the little symbols >_>; )"
,Recommended,233230,19064072,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,A Gay Cat,Amazingly designed game with a haunting atmosphere.
,Recommended,233230,13175243,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Pharap,"Very strange, very mysterious, but also incredibly beatiful.There is no introduction, no talking, nobody to hold your hand.There are no tools and no weapons.There is nothing but your natural human ability to walk, jump, push things and think.And yet you almost always know what to do.The world is silently guiding you through its majesty and testing your lateral thinking as you go.The charm of this game comes from the simplicity of the controls, the great design of the environment and the sheer amount of mystery flowing through every room."
76561197962972652,Recommended,233230,13365926,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,PwnSauceizzle,"This has nothing to do with Cairo, Egypt. Do not be deceived. I have been. 11/10."
76561198019923591,Recommended,233230,10840265,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Imp,"What the hell did I just play?  Equal parts weirdness, exploration and creepy atmosphere.  My first attempt at playing this was about 10 minutes of wandering around aimlessly thinking, ""Huh?""  Then I realized there was some structure to the game and I attempted to figure it all out.I failed.So I played again, with a guide.  Even though I didn't necessarily play it entirely by myself I still appreciated the ambiance of the finished product.If you bought it for the Cards, you might as well play for the achievements too.  They're pretty easy and the game is worth the run through."
76561198111546721,Recommended,233230,13552168,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Vegan Health,"Very cool game with impressive visuals and puzzles to challenge your mind. Be warned though, the solutions to these puzzles are not easy, and more often than not you have to go seek out answers and explore."
,Recommended,233230,14144034,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,kill me please.,At first you think it's a horor game...but it's not. I still think it's a horror game....
,Recommended,233230,11761304,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,yung tryhard$$,"This game will not start on my laptop (Asus PC) and all the solutions ive read require something like Nvidia or something, that i either dont have, or dont know how to get toAnyway if someone could explain this problem (and how to fix it) thatd be great. Thank you."
76561198375734259,Recommended,233230,30945935,Posted: 4 April,all,e.fabian,"Just completed the game on 100% but only with DaAwesomeNerd's incredibly helpful walkthrough (some puzzles are just too abstract!). I absolutely loved the minimalist look, but with so much imagination and surrealism, I was hooked from the start. No two environments, rooms, or puzzles are the same. Combined with the eerie soundtrack from Wounds, I was lost in this universe.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,233230,12092425,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,🚚 keenan,loved the atmosphere of this game. 10/10
,Recommended,233230,14047072,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,𝙨◯ᵐ♇∩Ⅱ,9 / 10
,Not Recommended,233230,28937977,Posted: 2 January,all,The greatest dictator,Walking around big room to solve a puzzle that progresses the game that has no story isn't really that fun tbh and even though I bought it for like a dollar I still regret buying the game.
76561198066275718,Recommended,233230,8047704,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,ridgerunner,Kairo is very intriguing.
,Recommended,233230,10856382,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Cyril,"Neat little puzzly exploratory type game. I rather enjoyed the atmosphere that the game presented, and while it's not a particularly long experience it's certainly one I enjoyed. I don't really know what much there is to say about this one. It does what it wants to do well and doesn't overstay its welcome. Some people may be bored by it, I suppose, but. Oh well."
,Recommended,233230,7504990,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,mindblaster42,interessting
,Recommended,233230,15232080,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,DusKy,-Don't do drugs-3 doritos out of 5-would be a high egyptian man again
76561197968042718,Not Recommended,233230,15342146,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Patrick,"TERRIBLE. I played it for 19 minutes,had no idea what was happening,tried to like it but I'm sorry to say it was a waste of a few pennies. Now deleted and in my junk list of games. I will now try to get drunk and forget I ever had this game. Did I mention it is TERRIBLE."
,Not Recommended,233230,17053815,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Arachin,"I'm less concerned about the 70p I forked out for this game than the 2.3 hours I spent on it. As a first-person puzzler you'd think movement handling would be top-priority, however strafing and general movement results in jitter, which might be forgiven if the landscape offered more than badly textured polygons. Audio is atmospheric at times, and some puzzles are good... but little here is unique."
,Not Recommended,233230,16357577,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Hemlock Tea,"I normally have a lot of patience for exploration games, happily slogging through gorgeous scenery to solve puzzles now and then and hopefully get bits of story here and there. But I just couldn't get into this game. The art is not that great, the ambience isn't drawing me in, and the puzzles are more annoying than challenging. There are hints at a story, but I just can't be bothered to stick around and find out, wandering around bland stone mazes that occasionally change color. Maybe I'll get bored enough in the future and try again, but I doubt it."
,Not Recommended,233230,16615632,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,greggles,I have only played 30 mins so far and I have had to quit and start again 3 times as I just fell in an unbreakable loop. Even 'art games' should be functional.Also irritating sound effects that grind against the ear drums and generally uninteresting environments.
76561198114665760,Not Recommended,233230,17179467,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Kelp Candy,"This is a game I desperately wanted to like.  At first I did, it was surreal and interesting to explore and wander.  Then the puzzles came.  Dear god, the puzzles.  Everything outside of the game made it seem as though the puzzles would be short and scarce throughout the game...  That is a lie!  The puzzles make about as much sense as something from a point-and-click adventure game.  The puzzle is nearly always figuring out the mechanics of the puzzle, rather than what to do, which is horribly frustrating.  I never thought it possible to rage quit a first person exploration game.  Then I did the impossible, and did just that.The enviroments themselves are nice, usually only using one or two colors per room.  The only problem I really have with the world is that it's incredibly inconsistant.  The world is obviously not made to feel like it has rules, which I normally wouldn't have a problem with.  It's just some sort of strange, lawless purgatory type setting, right?  I wish.  It's actually supposed to be an alien planet.  It just doesn't work at all.TL;DR:  I desperately wanted to like this game a lot, but it left a lot to be desired with terrible puzzles EVERYWHERE and and inconsistant world.4/10  Don't buy this game.  Just don't."
76561197979547132,Not Recommended,233230,16612096,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Freakeye,I tried to like this game. I really did. Time is too precious to spend any more here.
76561197993055223,Not Recommended,233230,15910691,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Halroth,"I'm not sure what to think of this game.  What I am sure of is that this game is not for me.  This game should feel open, mysterious, provoke exploration and thought.  That is not what I got.  What I encountered was hazy polluted visuals, vague aimless concepts, a feeling of hemmed in oppression and a headache.  I felt trapped in an environment that was hot, dry and without purpose, bombarding my senses with noise and unclear locals.I am surprised to say this but this game has projected an image of what could be my own personal hell.I can see that there are a lot of people who love this game, but I didn't find it enjoyable, and couldn't even stand an hour of it.  Look to others if you want a positive side of this game, but I can't recommend it."
76561198043461447,Not Recommended,233230,15992688,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,midnightxpress,It didn't hold my attention. The puzzles for me were too simplistic and tedious to get through. The graphics were as I expected them.
,Not Recommended,233230,13276426,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,helen damnation,"Kairo tries very hard in its presentation of abstract, atmospheric puzzles, but simply couldn't keep me invested in the world. Although I understand it is possible to ""make a point"" by crafting a game without a clear goal or narrative, the value of this was lost on me as I became more and more lost in the puzzles. I failed to glean any sense of satisfaction from this game, and instead walked away feeling frustrated. I did not enjoy the experience and would not reccommend it to others."
,Not Recommended,233230,13175624,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,DredZach,"This game is not primarily a puzzle game. There is so little to interact with on the map. The graphics are so simple and washed out.  Imagine yourself wandering up and down the corridors of the bleak screenshots you see, and that is pretty much the main point of the game. I really tried to get something out of it, but what a bleak depressing boring game. I tried to warn you."
,Not Recommended,233230,13251976,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Ethikx,"Honestly this game had potential, but it really feels like the developer said ""let's try making something deep because why not.""  I'd recommend it, except there are only a few actual puzzles.  Most of the time you walk back and forth and stare at objects in the game until something happens, or run through trial and error.  There were two areas that looked like really creative and challenging puzzles which was great, and I was stumped for a while and had to check the in game hints, only to be told the rooms didn't do anything and you should move on to the next one.  But wait, there's a secret ending gotten by collecting 18 glyphs throughout the game!  Maybe there is something more to this, maybe a better ending than floating into the sky with no resolution! Nope, don't waste your time, it's just a troll room."
76561198011801455,Not Recommended,233230,13526957,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Shen-po,More frustrating than not. It really detracts from the puzzle aspects of the game.
76561197971651541,Not Recommended,233230,13688659,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,SunZ,"Actually quite boring, if I was to be totally honest.It was only 79p thankfully, but yeah, made me sleepy zzzZZZZ *snore*"
76561198073436353,Not Recommended,233230,13605110,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,EliteViking,No pointEspecially with the fact that you can cut corners and actually skip the entire puzzle
,Not Recommended,233230,13527243,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Szllafrok,"Quite ok, but not recommending this one though. When proceeding throught the game most of the time I felt like playing a demo or sth. Few of the levels gave some nice impression, music also seems to be ok - but besides those it's still not worth much of attention. Better luck next time."
76561198030968100,Not Recommended,233230,14671753,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,crayolacannibal,"Summary:Interesting indie first-person puzzle game with terrible mechanics, its only redeeming quality is its unique atmosphere that is breathtaking modern art at times, but can be grating at others.Pros:Unique and thought provoking styling and ambianceUnique puzzles (some hard, others stupid easy)MinimalistGrand and wide open environmentsNostalgic 90s feel (at least to me)Cons:The intense color palette, sharp and grating sound effects, and an overall feeling of confusion makes the game interesting at first and then unpleasantMany of the puzzles are either confusing, super easy, or boringTerrible game engine (slow, buggy, see though walls and objects)Because the game is so grand and wide open you zoom around at 100mph across vast areas which is annoying at timesVery unpolishedFairly shortDetailed review:I played this game almost back-to-back withQbeh-1, a first-person puzzle game in the same vein. It was a funny coincidence because, in juxtaposition, these games couldn’t be further opposites. Qbeh-1 fosters a zen relaxed feeling with blue skies, cool water, open spaces, majestic buildings, relaxing ambient music, and a feeling of smooth progression using hands-on puzzles with standard building blocks. Kairo on the other hand is a strange game with a surreal, Stonehenge, modern abstract,David SmithCubifeeling with graphics reminiscent of the 90s era (reminded me of an old dos game called S.C.A.R.A.B.). It has an environment that is discomforting and disconcerting, trapping the player in dark psychedelic tombs and inorganic voids. The game uses harsh grating sound effects and music and surrounds the player with static filled screens, sharp abstract constructions, and bizarre features. There are no controls beyond the basic movement controls; every “action” is performed by stepping on tiles or otherwise bumping into the various features found within the giant rooms. Perfecting the feeling of being lost in an abstract void is a complete lack of storyline or instruction beyond a list of puzzle hints that can be found in the menu. In short, the game makes you feel like you’re traveling through the monolith from 2001: A Space Odyssey. It’s not bad, but I wouldn’t recommend it to just anyone as it would offend all but those who can appreciate a game that is little more than a virtual modern art gallery with simple puzzles separating each exhibit."
,Not Recommended,233230,454435,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,giljaysmith,"Very gentle puzzler with some ambiguity of context, but really you'd have to like this kind of game to want to play it; it doesn't feel to me like it offers anything for the passerby."
76561198063302779,Not Recommended,233230,17339117,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Andrew,Bare world and majoraly unplayable.
76561198098706952,Not Recommended,233230,17511782,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,SLiCE,"I got this game on sale a while ago, and when I played it I was totally lost. You could get into this game if you really look into things, but it's a little too cryptic and confusing for my taste. I'll take a challenge any day, but I at least need to know what my goal is."
,Not Recommended,233230,17135598,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Cool Trainer Ben,"This game feels sluggish and unpolished. I can see how its abstract minimalism would be dream-like with oculus rift, however I'm still not compelled to explore such a low-quality ""mysterious"" world. There's no ""words"" and that's okay, but maybe if the narrative was less vague or if solving any of the ""puzzles"" in the game actually mattered, maybe then I would be interested in finding my way out of a maze or two.  Here is your gold star for effort developers, but overall I found Kario less fun than one of those Sudoku / Crossword / Maze toilet books and more expensive, too."
,Not Recommended,233230,19519658,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Daenerys Von Kitel,"I could see this game going either way depending on a persons preference.I personally found the game and puzzles were a bit too abstract for my tastes. I found the game and style difficult to get into.  I did (eventually) finish it, but I found it lacked a lot of intrigue that I usually really enjoy in puzzle style video games.  As well, a lot of the puzzles I found were solved by guess after guess after guess, with not many logical solutions for them."
,Recommended,233230,13974243,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Defuseit,Cool hameAt this money it`s a nice game . IF you are bored it`s the perfect game
,Recommended,233230,13974438,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,ThunderFlame21,"It's like, one of the weirdest puzzle games I've ever played.It reminds me somehow of the Animus (Raw Data) part in Assassin's Creed: Revelations, if you know what I mean.Anyway, worth the 5€. Watch out for deals, I got it for 0.75€ though."
76561198068113417,Recommended,233230,12976970,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Captain Blue,"I have only played the game for about an hour, and given that, I found it to be a very interesting game in that of its unique art style and its puzzles. The only thing that i can even come close to nitpicking (excuse me if I mispelled that), was a bit (and I mean VERY minor) amount of input lag. May have been the game, may not, who knows? Anyway, if you want something different from (Insert Action Game Title Here), this will definitely give you a new experience."
76561198149881474,Recommended,233230,12914714,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,trentvh,"Very fun game, although I had to get into it at first. In-game hints were actually very helpful, but I got a lot done without them. Simple aesthetic really works well."
,Recommended,233230,13024420,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Tori,"Super simple, not-impossible puzzles, secret added bonus puzzles and secret endings. Recommended! Hours in game depends on how completist you are, I suppose. I liked this one :)"
76561198033516747,Recommended,233230,13030791,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Eraaadicator,"Very good atmosphere.  It's immersive in a very alien way.  Love it.  Also a must if you have an Oculus Rift DK1, but it's still worth the play without it.  I'll definitely give it another play through when and if a DK2 version comes out.  :)"
,Recommended,233230,12996250,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Intiom,A creative piece of interactive art. Puzzle-based but more of an experience than a game. Lots of secrets to collect/solve so I'll be replaying it soon.
,Recommended,233230,34047379,Posted: 5 August,all,Sheep!,"So, graphically,Kairoisn't much.  This sombre and moody atmosphere of monochromatic light and endless heavy stone-and-concrete textures with fog and film-grain effect isn't just part of some dark setpieces, it's a dreary and oppressive constant throughout the entire game.  The environments are not spooky-scary, just alien, megalithic and unwelcoming.  It makes the game a dark and tedious trudge through an uncaring place that's largely ambivalent to your presence.  You solve puzzle after puzzle to accomplish you're-not-sure-what just hoping that eventually you will emerge into sunshine and light, and it never really happens.Kairois one of those mysterious games that screams questions: ""Who am I? Where am I? What am I doing? Why am I here? What is the purpose of all this stuff?""  It never deigns to answer the question.  Thanks to some additional information from very well-hidden easter eggs and a second ending, fan forums have put together a reasonable theory that fits the observed facts, but it still has enormous gaps in it that have not and will never be answered.Kairois similar toThe Witnessin being an intelligent and mysterious puzzle-driven game that refuses to fully answer the questions it raises.  Quality-wise,Kairois significantly inferior toThe Witness, of course, but it's accordingly priced a lot lower. This can be a great experience, for those who accept from the outset that the game will be surreal and joyless, full of questions for which the answers are forever withheld.  It's like the game equivalent ofa Bergman film.  If you aren't turned off by that kind of solemn artistry, then you'll enjoy it.  It's definitely not a game for everybody, though."
76561198003070697,Recommended,233230,28917018,Posted: 1 January,all,dUkk,very good game
,Recommended,233230,11926891,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,TC | fredlllll,Still no clue what the game is about. but i loved it :D
76561197965335419,Recommended,233230,16138973,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,RiChHaRd1,"Great Game, eery, dk2 works flawlessly, music, sounds and design is amazing. ancient egypt never looked so good!"
,Recommended,233230,19033649,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,The Matchmaker,"If you like exploratory walking sims with light puzzles and great atmosphere, this one's for you.One of my favourite games, this one. The soundtrack is amazing, the atmosphere is at times dark, at others mysterious and sometimes even wondrous, but always, always alien and strange.If I would critisise one thing it would be that I don't like the mouse acceleration, if there's an option to turn it off that I missed, I apologise for that.Also really easy to get 100% achievements if you care about that, though there's some backtracking to do it, not too bad however.There's also a secret ending ;)"
,Recommended,233230,26631306,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Pertel,"Such a weird game.  I LOVE IT !  Weird ambience, weird music interesting puzzles.  So curious to figure out what happens at the end !!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90Yrh80Sahw"
,Not Recommended,233230,31758039,Posted: 14 May,all,MrLoganC,"Just feels weird. Gave me motion sickness too, which is weird. First thing ever to do this. Never have I gotten that from games, boats, even cars (which I race)."
,Not Recommended,233230,22858551,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Alba,"while fundementally 'fine' if you want a game that is well built with care in both enviroment and sound design don't pick up this game. a lot of people tend to hand wave these things saying the 'experience' is worth it, but honestly I couldn't even sit through ten minutes of the game with how choppy the controls, enviroments and the sound was. one particuler grating thing was no matter if you were walking, running, or crawling along, the same pace of steps would constantly sound out, and there isn't much in the way of audio options to help eliviate that. if you really want to experience the game but that sound awful to you, just mute the game and put on some music, or rainymood cause honestly the music wasn't anything special."
,Recommended,233230,10263172,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,henryfakesmile,"this game is just.... left me speechless ..it's equal parts serene, melancholy, unnerving, and dreamlike.even following a guide to beat it (honestly anyone who can finish this game /100% complete  without following a guide are inhuman and something's screwing with your brain ! ), i still feel great with it , This game oozes with atmosphere, and submerging yourself in the design of this foreign world is by itself worth the price of admission. Go for it!"
,Recommended,233230,16084288,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Xeinok,"Pretty fun game, insanely difficult."
,Recommended,233230,2228514,"Posted: 25 April, 2013",all,granderojo,Should this torture then torment usSince it brings us greater pleasure?Were not through the rule of TimurSouls devoured without measure?
,Not Recommended,233230,24231012,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,mattmacks,"I ran around aimlessly, solved some easy puzzles by jumping into walls, got totally confused what I am doing and why I am doing it, read hints, jumped into more walls, and finally completely lost interest."
,Not Recommended,233230,24328272,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Cae,"I went in hoping for a dirtier, indier Myst, but I got bored fast. Not much to explore, just a few obtuse puzzles."
,Not Recommended,233230,19184889,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,TheCrux,"I usually like walking simulators/puzzle games, but this one left me feeling like I missed something important.I had no idea why I was walking around aimlessly solving puzzles in an abstract world. I couldn't figure out what the game was trying to convey, or even find my own meaning in it, and there was no closure. It just felt empty. There were no ""ah ha!"" moments, just ""oh, ok. That's cool I guess.""The puzzles themselves ranged from trivial to extremely difficult. Don't get me started on the random ""puzzle"" that makes you press a button until something randomly happens after multiple tries... I was constantly at a loss of where to go/what to do I often had to resort to a playthrough.This is just my experience with the game, your milegage may vary. If you like wandering aimlessly and solving meaningless puzzles, this may be fun. To me, it just lacked a lot of what makes walking simulators/puzzle games fun."
76561198164016063,Not Recommended,233230,16580301,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Artemur,puzzles seems to nice but there are mouse sensivity and controls issues. i couldn't walk without hit the walls and fall into abyss. i didnt enjoy too much.
,Not Recommended,233230,13146187,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Kryyss,"When I saw the screenshots and such for Kairo I presumed that Kairo may not be the most visually appealing game but sometimes, while such games may not always put their best screenshots on display, they do usually have some redeeming charm. The various positive reviews and an endorsement from RPS also seemed to indicate that this was a diamond in the rough. However as it turned out, it is actually a mouldy chunk of food in the dust. How on earth this game achieved anywhere near a positive status on Steam I have no idea, but I suspect foul play. Allow me to explain why you need to avoid Kairo like the plague.Plain textures can sometimes be compensated for by some impressively detailed architecture or environments which hold intrigue. Kairo simply does not have any of that. The environments look like they were made by someone experimenting with mapping and decided to package everything together to make it seem like a game. The designer has some strange idea that throwing tons of fog into every section of the game is a substitute for creating atmospheric lighting or using the environment itself to influence the players' state of mind. As such every part of the game I saw felt lifeless, unfinished and bland. I have honestly seen maps from the original Quake with more atmosphere, style and imagination.The 'puzzles' are so dull that I literally gave up after playing the game for half an hour. They consist of running into invisible triggers or standing on trigger brushes to cause something to happen. One of the things the designer forgot to actually do is clearly indicate when a puzzle is solved and what the point of solving it was. In one area I found 4 platforms which turned on a bunch of particle effects on a rotating central disc. Visually quite interesting and clearly the puzzle was solved because all of the triggers stopped working, but it did not appear to have any effect upon the game. The lack of direction here is astounding as the designer chooses to leave you completely in the dark as to what you should be doing and gives no context or sense of progress to what you manage to figure out on your own. Someone needs to sit this person down with games like Myst, the Longest Journey, Master Reboot or even The Room so they can understand the difference between an enjoyable mystery and aimless activity.Kairo is unpleasant to look at, boring to explore, devoid of any sense of achievement or purpose and ultimately one of the worst games I have had the misfortune to mistake for a worthwhile investment of money or time."
76561197971877162,Recommended,233230,9313569,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Asses of Fire,I don't normally play exploration games.  Kairo is probably the closest thing to immersion that I wanted from a puzzle/exploration game besides the Myst series.  The music is the most immersive aspect of Kairo. It will bring you into this world.It should be noted that there is no spoken dialogue or text to read. You start off in this world and have to figure out where to go and what to do. The puzzles aren't terribly difficult. The hardest one for me so far only took 20 minutes to solve.I'm still playing this pretty awesome game for 5 bucks but I can already say it's worth a buy!
76561198047518514,Not Recommended,233230,23243547,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,halo19248,"In Kairo, you solve ancient MEH-chanical puzzles in a minimalistic, highly abstract, Minecraft-like blocky world with ambient background music.Stylistically, the game is decent, despite the Stone-Age graphics, but the puzzles are mostly unoriginal and repetitive. Most of the time, you activate mechanical contraptions (move around blocks, balls, light up ancient symbols) to get the correct order / combination / angle etc.Thatkind of stuff. Too much of it, and not very well done either. The fact that you have absolutely no clue WHY you are doing what you are doing doesn't exactly help keeping you motivated.This should be a free browser game rather than a product sold and played on Steam, because it has nothing more to offer than a totally average, run-of-the-mill flash puzzle game."
,Not Recommended,233230,20952981,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Trickyni,This game gave me eye cancer in my lungs.
,Not Recommended,233230,29040865,Posted: 5 January,all,Tricky Ric,"Feels unfinished, the shadow distance in this game is screwed up, moving textures, the odd missing bit of wall texture.Also people keep mentioning the music, it's boring and I feel even silence would of done better here.Some areas feel designed just to make you take longer.Looks wise it's ok nothing special however some of the lighting and effects can look pretty."
,Recommended,233230,13371731,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Friedrich Sigmoid,"It's a coffee machine, Gr8 M8 8/8"
,Recommended,233230,8642515,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,pissant,idgi
,Not Recommended,233230,29697583,Posted: 4 February,all,joerice1979,"I think I'm missing something with Kairo and I don't mean that facetiously.  I'm a big fan of ""Less is more"" but for me, this went a little off the deep end.There does seem to be some aim to the game, I collected some glyphs and made a large beam of light go skyward but I ambled round way too much trying to figure out what to do.Maybe I would have found the ""aha"" moment with perseverence, but I didn't."
76561198209642537,Not Recommended,233230,21150364,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,The Dark Messiah,"...and this, boys and girls, is why you never should be douing drugs."
76561198008893239,Not Recommended,233230,10419985,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,ilozen,Well to me this looks like pre-pre-pre-alpha and I don't mean just the graphics but gameplay also (for as short time as I did spend with) it...
,Recommended,233230,24561364,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,2M8O_TOMATO,good game when you don't have friends online
76561198032164748,Recommended,233230,18490359,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,My_Rating_For_Steem_Is_Zero_thou,great game! Obscure/random but great!
76561198077691746,Not Recommended,233230,20271376,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,"Freak($)!""&@()",
,Not Recommended,233230,15977790,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,SeriousBug,"Lacks any substance or polish. Having at least a bit of story, some mystery, or some narrative could make the game really interesting. In its current form however, I wouldn't suggest playing this game."
,Not Recommended,233230,10840128,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Dirac,This game seems to be a series of poorly constructed mono-color 'vignettes' with no level of story or coherence.
,Not Recommended,233230,10956079,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Carter,"I really want to enjoy this game is has a clean minimalist aesthetic but I'm starting to wonder if thats because it has nothing to say, some of the environments are striking but they quickly fall back to simply varying the colour of the lights.I will play it to completition, hoping it'll pick up towards the end and the vague treacle-slow drip of story will pickup .The soundtrack however is great"
,Recommended,233230,27736732,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Señor Meechio,I have depression and this game made me cry 11/10
76561198080704090,Not Recommended,233230,21634215,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Tildy,Too Many Doors II: This Time It's Personal
,Recommended,233230,2519691,"Posted: 30 April, 2013",all,Carlos Danger,"The art and level design are neat, but it's fairly short, and the puzzles aren't too challenging. Pick it up if you can, though."
,Not Recommended,233230,20308502,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,UltraMan✫,Feels like someone's weird dream maifested into a walking simulator. The atmosphere is interesting and fairly well done but you're honestly not getting much else with this one. I'd have refunded it if I didn't get it on sale for $1.
76561197995664657,Not Recommended,233230,17103730,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,silencergroup,"If you have ever went on a walk, in an empty gymnasium with your eyes closed, you probably would find Kairo boring in comparison. In Kairo you get to do a lot of walking. I think. Actually I have no idea what this game actually IS.... When I am playing it, I feel as though I'm stuck in Half Life's tram car, able to look around, move a little, but nothing actually happens.Actually that's a bit generous. It's more like waiting for your girlfriend to come downstairs for your date - you can walk around, check out the books on her book shelf, look at the dirt on the floor... all with an anticipation that she would be coming down stairs ANY minute,., She never does - and THAT's Kairo's entire gameplay model.Did I like it? I can't say, I never actually DID anything. Oh sure, doors opened, things clicked, but unless I'm missing the point, the entire purpose of this game is to show how nicely you can make big ugly square blocks look sometimes.I'd like to see what the developer actually intended, some day."
,Not Recommended,233230,12947697,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,I AM THE LIQUOR™,Horrible support for Oculus rift.
76561198073600298,Not Recommended,233230,19484613,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Legacy,"What am I even doing?Kairo is a very beautiful and ambient puzzle game with zero help and is the complete opposite of linear. It had puzzles and walking parts that have no connection and will leave you completely lost 95% of the way, some people may like that but it was a massive turn off for me. I used a guide for most of the game just so I could get it finished and write this review.My girlfriend tried it so I could make sure it wasent just me not knowing what I was doing, shes very puzzle smart and gets these kinda things really easily, but she became frustrated at the lack of help you are given. Most of the puzzles have no logical conclusion and will just make you guess forever until you figure it with just blind luck and perserverence.What it does right is make a story and really get the feeling of mystery and uncertainty embeded into the entire experience.With a guide it took me 3.5 hours to complete, without I would say if you didn't go insane already and forgot what time even is it will take 10+I really wanted to recommend this game, I bought it on sale thinking it was going to be this amazing ambient adventure with clear colours and pretty shapes but I really can't, it just makes no sense.It had promise and if it had just a little help to give you it would of been three times the game it is, but all I experienced was a mess of beautiful art.Personal Rating: 2/5"
76561198123706040,Not Recommended,233230,19322687,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Mrs Ellie,"I didn't like Kairo. It feels unfinished. And the blinding white sky and strange visual appearance kind of give me a headache. The game doesn't teach well at all, so you feel unsure of what you should be doing. It is not nearly linear enough, and has no sense of accomplishment. I purchased it because it looked so promising, but the game fails to deliver. I hate to write a negative review, but this game is just not well put together or polished. The levels don't have a consistent feel or visual style, the architecture is not believable, navigation is difficult and the player just needs a LOT more direction.If the game was linear, taught skills incrementally, was more intuitive, rewarded the player, had save points, and was easier to navigate it could be a really fun game. But it doesn't quite do what a game should. It has a lot of potential, though, and it is too bad that it isn't more finished."
,Not Recommended,233230,8867540,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Blubbermaggot,It tries to be Myst but is utterly disappointing.
76561198042541368,Not Recommended,233230,12066524,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Probia,"I wouldn't really consider this a game, it's one of those artsy games that has basically no gameplay and is all about exploring (cough cough Fez cough cough)Although it's enjoyable, it's really not worth the full price. Buy it when it's on sale. I wouldn't pay any more than three dollars for this game if I were you."
,Not Recommended,233230,13963320,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,dkota from the lights,"I wanted to like Kairo. I really tried.But i can't. It really just comes down to the fact that even as an ""explore and wonderment"" game, it's very...dull. The atmosphere is great and a lot of the areas (Especially the famous ""red pylon"" room) are fantastic looking, but...The puzzles feel bland and useless, like they were taked on to give the game uneeded ""difficulty"" (of which there is none even with puzzles), the music can be grating at times, and some of the stuff, like the static, screens, or door effects, feel a bit out of place.I can definitely respect what the game was trying to do, and in terms of being a ""wow look at this giant otherworldly thing"" game it succeeds, but i think that adding ridiculously easy puzzles and the sort actually took away from the game rather than added to it. If the whole game was just walking through progressively grander rooms (with the occasional ACTUAL jumping puzzle, the only puzzle that i think could fit in this game), i'd like it a lot more, but it just was a bit too tedious for me."
,Not Recommended,233230,17634672,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Dérak,"It may support VR, but there's no head-tracking (the one essential part of VR)."
76561198042913113,Recommended,233230,14822937,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,caidicus,"It's a trip, for sure."
76561197974593679,Not Recommended,233230,13733466,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ruuk,"To put this as bluntly as possible, so as to save people a bit of time, since there's a rant coming shortly:  I don't like this game.  It's not clever, it's not intuitive, it's just very, very marginally ""artsy"", so everyone will be drawn into what is otherwise a shallow and uninteresting experience.The Rant BeginsI've had my eye on this game for a very long time, and I'd been intentionally avoiding the reviews to the best of my ability, because I felt as though this was the sort of game you wouldn't want to spoil by having any prior knowledge of any aspect of it.  The reviews looked positive, and that was the important part, in my eyes.  Naturally, once it finally went on sale I wasn't the least bit hesitant to snatch it up and install it as quickly as could be, because games like this (I thought.) always fascinate me and never fail to entertain.Ilovethe ""off-kilter"" genre, and I don't at all mind when a game wants to sit down and just walk me through a story.  Visceral Clean-up Detail, Dear Esther, Tiny & Big, Gone Home, these are games I've played more than once, or a dozen times over, just because Iloveit when a studio or an individual sits down and tries to defy a genre, because if no one ever did, we'd end up with a terribly stagnant market practically bereft of originality.I've also never been one to shy away from a solidly-constructed puzzle game.  Portal needs no introduction, Braid--although overhyped--made you plan ahead so far that it occasionally became a little brain-bending. The Bridge, Antichamber, Myst, Kill the Bad Guy, FEZ, all of these came at the puzzle genre with something unique, and often very atmospheric.  They made you rack your brain to see a puzzle in a light it had never quite been presented in before, and you would walk away feeling accomplished when you'd finally figured out that one, little trick to cinching it all together.Kairo does none of these things.  It attempts to paint a unique world full of mystery that begs to be explored, but in those rare instances where it rewards exploration, you get such a small, nonsensical snippet of the 'lore' that you're just left with more questions, or a flimsy little ""piece"" of the puzzle in the form of a slight JPG-artifacted ""rune"".  Often times Kairo will have entire rooms, entire cement-slathered, sprawling 'scapes to explore that serveabsolutely no purpose at all.Kairo also does not approach the puzzle genre in anymeaningfulway.  I know this is a matter of contention, because there are those that think the puzzles are just blatantly impossible, and then those that insist Kairo is brilliant because itdoesoffer some semblances of clues in the form of pattern recognition, or subtle sound cues, but both of these trains of thought are ultimately flawed, because Kairo, to me, suffers from a cardinal sin when you examine its puzzles more closely:  Kairo's puzzles areboring.Once you've managed to work out exactly what it is that the game is expecting of you, you don't have one of those, ""Oh God, really?!"" moments that you'd have in Portal, you don't see all the little nuanced motions that you'll need to pull off to navigate through the level in The Bridge; in Kairo, once you've seen the puzzle for what it is, it is always somethingexcruciatingly simple.  Many of these puzzles--fartoo many of them--simply involve a trial-and-error style rote memorization of a keypad-like button press sequence.  One of them involves shuffling yourself into the right place until all the blocks line up with the other blocks.  I hope you enjoy this one, because you'll be doing it alot.One of the ""core"" puzzles for the secret ending involves scouring this desolate, barren expanse of cement into every nook and cranny, until you find all 15 of the JPG artifacts, and the worst one of all?  Backtracking.  The last of the core puzzles involves a nearly-nonsensical amount of backtracking to accomplish.  Yes, you are given a very mild hint concerning what to do and where to go, but the fact of the matter is the game is shoving you ten to fifteen minutes out of your way, through uninteresting environments you've already seen, to do virtually nothing except headbutt a statue.Clearly this is a game that's garnered an impressive following, and I've no doubt that there are plenty of people out there who enjoy this sort of game for what it is, but I came into this expecting a refreshingly-interesting story at best, a unique puzzle in the very least, and at the worst: An interesting world I could explore.  I found myself being offered none of these things.In short:  In Kairo, I do not feel alone.  I feelbored[/i]."
,Not Recommended,233230,12076211,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Swagijuana,"Meh. The first impression is bad, but if you like puzzles then you'll like this. You're thrown into the game without any story or indication of what you're supposed to do. Can't go if ya can't start."
76561198045076231,Not Recommended,233230,13662777,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Arrowan,Vertigo inducing without clear instructions or directions.
,Not Recommended,233230,25486676,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Aaxnox,"I love me some puzzle games. I love minimalist styles.This one though...not quite enough link established between cause and effect to understand what the hell you are supposed to do.If it just walking around beautiful landscapes and architectures, then let us walk through them!"
,Not Recommended,233230,11017708,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Nannorz,"Cheap puzzle game, not as cool as the video. I got board of it in 5 min. Most of the graphics are basic 3D. You would hope that the 3D would be cool and indie but it was crap and lame. The puzzles are confusing and lame. Don't Buy!!"
,Not Recommended,233230,22415789,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,derenb,"Generally, I'm ok with just standing on a spot or walking through the whole game if I'll have a clue of what is going to happen next. I just expect a game to communicate with me one way or another.Kairo is basically like trying to make a conversation with a blind, deaf and mute person. Because of the absence of communication, I'd call Kairo a no-go. Ftr, this is not my first time with the genre.Gave me a little headache.2/10."
,Not Recommended,233230,23992498,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,beefinator,"Quit on I don't even know which puzzle.  The ""puzzles"" aren't well designed; much of the time you stumble around till you happen to find something that goes *ding*.They aren't really original either; press these things in the right order (not even halfway through the game, I ran into a few of those), push this thing around, move to some particular, non-indicated location (that showed up about 5 times so far in the second ""world"")They're also slow.  Like, press a certain 2 buttons in a giant room.  Or push 4 boxes around a huge room while you wait for  a ball to bounce around like a snail.  Or wait on a button while a slow cube spins 360.  Or walk 3 flights of stairs in a room without any puzzle at all.  Or just walk on *nothing* to some non-descript platform in the distance.They're also poorly constructed.  Don't make the geometry such that I can get caught in a place I'm only supposed to push a ball.  Don't throw random barriers and little pathways that look traversible but lead to nothing (or maybe lead to a tiny rune thing which disappears before you even know what you did)ugh.  Other reviews are praising this for its ambience, for its minimalist ""elegance"", whatever.  And that's what convinced me to buy this.  But I got little to no enjoyment from what I played; I was expecting a much more fleshed-out game (which doesn't contradict minimalism; take Anti-chamber, for example)"
,Not Recommended,233230,24002376,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Exxion,"Usually I like this kind of game, and usually I don't write reviews for games I don't like. But this game is unusually disappointing.Maybe I'd enjoy it if it were properly playable, but it isn't. Huge input lag even when the framerate is high and smooth. Walking controls are really slippery, too. It doesn't look very good and yet manages to run poorly anyway. If you stray from the expected path, the game may not understand and may just throw you into a death loop. (Try jumping on the radio obelisk. You'll see.)I only managed to get through a few areas. The terrible input lag was just too distracting to tolerate in this kind of game, where imersion is important."
76561198083140597,Recommended,233230,16623991,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Theater Thug,"A thoroughly challenging and complex puzzle game. Kairo's great sound design and exploration based gameplay makes for a very relaxing abstract experience. This isn't for the average walking simulator fan though, the puzzles are often quite complex and sometimes cryptic. If you're into hard puzzle games give this one a go!"
,Not Recommended,233230,14425481,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ciaphas Cain,"I bought this game in a fit of rage after seeing Luke Skywalker on my TV. Good things about this game? Its short? Truth be told, I would watch a Jar Jar Binks sex tape instead of plaything this ♥♥♥♥ing game. It is more fun to be thrown down a huge pit into SPACE, then to sit down and play this game. It sucks. I'm sorry I bought this. I would not have any of the rebels play this, because that would be too bad even for me. If I could delete steam games, this would be the first one to go. Try better next time guys.2/10. Jar Jar Binks Sex Tape > This Game"
76561198044919307,Not Recommended,233230,12928644,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,DmanTG,save yourself the 10 cents and memory space. Just go play Yume nikki instead
,Not Recommended,233230,19135743,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,kuvasz,+Made me think at timesVery good soundtrack/ambience-Seems crude/unfinished/rushedWithout VR it got boring after the first hour
,Recommended,233230,12763160,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,428,"Ingenious and clever, although movements are too out of sync.Story 9/10Gameplay 8/10Graphics 10/10Music 8/10Overall 9/10"
76561198013026902,Not Recommended,233230,13799304,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,The Jaguar,The world's most boring puzzle game?
,Not Recommended,233230,23573845,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Rawr X3,"I'm all for ""Walking Simulators"" but there really was nothing interesting to this. I just walked around for 20 minutes going room to room without finding/seeing anything interesting. There wasnt anything to indicate why I was there or where I was going until I just got bored and closed the game."
,Not Recommended,233230,23243954,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,TeenJackBauer,5/10 TJBs
,Not Recommended,233230,14831699,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Newcool.1230™ RestInPeaceReid,most useless game you just run around (puzzles to easy)......but i like the thinking part of it
76561198068343793,Not Recommended,233230,28307055,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Morgan Freeman,in this puzzle game you have to find out what you are supposed to do which might be a good thing for some people but I dont like games like that
76561198091519793,Not Recommended,233230,9568786,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,theawesometheory,"Please make this more comaptible with 3D Vision! Anyways, I have enjoyed what I have played."
,Not Recommended,233230,13378973,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,derBraunBar,"I don't think I've ever regretted spending $5.I put a little under an hour and a half into this game before I made the decision to uninstall it.Here is my reasoning.I bought the game because some reviewers touted its similarity to Antichamber, a game that is very near and dear to my heart. The trailer for the game made it appear tantalizing and intriguing and, most of all, fun.Unfortunately, it didn't take me twenty minutes to regret this small purchase.Kairo has, I've found, missed the mark on one of the most fundamental gaming concepts; not just in video games, but in the entire realm of playing a game for fun. I call this ""carrot-and-stick"". Other people call this other things. But essentially, in nearly every game you can think of, there's the metaphorical carrot, your objective, and the metaphorical stick, what keeps you from your objective. I could cite endless games, card games, board games, arcade games, games of make-believe played in the backyard of my friends' houses when we were five, and, yes, video games that keep/kept me latched onto the idea, entertained, and engaged in the gameplay.One thing I quickly learned in Kairo is that there's not much of a carrot.I'm going to take this discussion back to Antichamber, for those who have played it. I'd hypothesize that the two are compared often for the similar concept of working through puzzles in complete solitude. But in the Hub of Antichamber, you can see a door marked Exit, though you cannot reach it. In one of the first spawn points, you can see a door behind a barrier marked ""The End"". There's even the Black Ghost, dancing just out of your reach on certain puzzles. These are all suitable carrots.Kairo is designed in such a way that I have yet to see the carrot; there's not much more than an endless stick. And after almost an hour and a half of playing for no apparent reason, I tired of the game.On one last note, for all the endless puzzles in Kairo, there are worlds you walk through that have no puzzles at all. The game has a hint feature, but if you are not so inclined to use it, it's incredibly difficult to discern a puzzle world from a world that's apparently there for your exhaustive visual pleasure."
76561198008914127,Recommended,233230,24829948,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Wuzzerator,"Very strange. Don't understand it. Worth an explore, though."
,Recommended,233230,28007718,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,aceldamia,"This game may be interesting, but so far it's a chore just trying to find a control scheme that works, even with remapping I"
,Recommended,233230,14025954,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,DoNuT Boss,░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▐░░░░░░▄▄▄░░▄██▄░░░░░▐▀█▀▌░░░░▀█▄░░░░░▐█▄█▌░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░▀▄▀░░░▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░▄▄▄██▀▀▀▀░░░█▀▄▄▄█░▀▀░░░▌░▄▄▄▐▌▀▀▀▄░▐░░░▄▄░█░▀▀ THIS GAME IS▀█▌░░░▄░▀█▀░▀░░░░░░░▄▄▐▌▄▄░░░░░░░▀███▀█░▄░░░░░░▐▌▀▄▀▄▀▐▄ 2 SPOOKY 4 ME░░░░░░▐▀░░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▐
,Not Recommended,233230,32307893,Posted: 9 June,all,PinkPony,"Too abstract. Impossible to finish without a guide. Some puzzles are as incomprehensible as a point-and-click adventure, but without any NPCs or tooltips to help. Tries to be smart and artsy, but just comes across as a degree-work tech-demo. Also induces sickness in a lot of people."
,Not Recommended,233230,32398482,Posted: 13 June,all,Nekogorgon the Omnipurrtent,"Bottomline: Minimalism does not and should not equal 'minimal effort'.First of all, I am aware this is a four year old game. Also, it's pretty cheap to request a €0,99 refund, I obviously don't care about the money. The developer just didn't put the required effort into the game, and therefore I do not wish to support.I bought the game because I was interested in the minimalist, brutalist artstyle of the game and I also have a taste for mystery and environmental puzzles. The developer however, appears to use the word 'minimalism' as an excuse to deliver a rushed game that is, bluntly put, really bad. Incoherent and even nonsensical game design is accompanied by lazy art (for example: symbols are created using text parentheses.)There are many high-quality minimalistic, abstract games out there in the world; Kairo isn't one of them. If you're going to make a minimalist, abstract 3D environment you should at least bother to do some proper lightbaking and do some research into light and space in general because this game was rife with visual artefacts.I understand the amount of time and effort that goes into game development, but I recommend spending five bucks on beers instead of this game.One positive point: I did like the atmospheric ambient music."
,Not Recommended,233230,8501863,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Silent Hill,"Guide Bugs Bunny through six levels of platforming fun in Acme Looniversity, a Western movie, a haunted house, a football game, the sky, and outer space. Prepare yourself for some Black Bass Fishing."
,Not Recommended,233230,22324430,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Webby,"Didn't like her lads, she's just not the lady for me. She's too, bare, if ye know what I mean."
,Not Recommended,233230,24637729,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,eQ,"Not polished or interesting enough. Waste of time, no matter the price."
76561198292631324,Not Recommended,233230,28209012,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,76561198292631324,"Kairohas managed to annoy me, that is why the negative vote. Apart from that, the game possesses couple of merits worth to be pointed out. Despite being designed in a simplistic manner, it offers beautiful vistas. The music accompanying the course of play is remarkable on its own, creating a decent atmosphere. Unfortunately, when it comes to contents, the puzzles are either straightforward or frustratingly hard, including some obsolete-minded solutions, such as dragging the face along the walls throughout several impressively large areas, just to find that little secret. To summarise, if you seek loosePortal-meets-Tomb-Raider-type atmospheric exploration available at low cost, getKairo. If you want intellectually challenging journey in the vein ofAntichamber, move on."
76561198061374285,Not Recommended,233230,34101480,Posted: 8 August,all,Samhyu,Weird AF
,Not Recommended,233230,32202498,Posted: 5 June,all,Heroin™ |,WIEEERD !
,Not Recommended,233230,7983197,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,a grill in the kitchen,"This game is so overrated, it's pathetic. I have to give it a 0 to lower its score."
,Not Recommended,233230,10786022,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Krusti clawn,"Before I begin, I have played for more than 0.3 hours, but I played in offline mod. Not very much though, this game made me bored faster than a math lesson can do.Positives:- Decent scripting I guessNegatives:- Pretty much everything- Boring gameplay- No storylineYou spawn in a world with absoutely no clue how you got there. You don't have a name, you don't have a goal, you don't have anything to find. The story is non existing.Some games can be good even without a clear goal or a background story, but not in this case.Not only do you have no goal, enemies or purpose in Kairo whatsoever, the puzzles are also simple but yet confusing. You can not interact with anything and you don't have an inventory, meaning that all you can do is move objects by walking towards them, or jump on random platforms in hope that something will happen. Really, really simple puzzles. And when I say it's also confusing, what I mean is, you don't really know why you are doing what you are doing due to the non existing story and the few hints you get doesn't really help that much at all.Do I recommend this game? No. I don't recommend it to anyone.People that love adventures, no. The game is as simple as it can be (including the soundtracks and gameplay in general) with nothing to explore or discover at all. You don't even have a purpose or anything to lose. Not even health (no, you can't even die in this game).People that like puzzle games, no. Again, the puzzles are basic, yet confusing, and you don't really know why you are doing them.People that love a good storyline, no. There is no story in this game at all.-------------------Why people like this is beyond me. I have played many bad games, but this without doubt in my top 5 most boring games ever.2/10 - Really bad"
,Not Recommended,233230,25454355,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,ngkae,Headache inducing. Appears unfinished.
76561197984269245,Not Recommended,233230,12508024,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,CharlieDontSurf,"Just my opinions...I did not find this game to be worth it even with the benefit of the Oculus Rift. Maybe those who are easily entertained or just like to be ""tripped out"" will like it. I think your VR dollar is better spent on something else if that's why you are eyeballing this game. Might be good for making your aunt from the 60's go ""wooooah maann"""
,Not Recommended,233230,23832408,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Brokeaardvark,"This is a terrible game. The graphics could cause seizures, there is no objective markers or anything to see where you have been, the puzzles are too easy... not worth your money."
,Not Recommended,233230,25433849,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,.Peculiarly,I didn't understand what I was doing in this game? I felt like I was just wandering around solving weird puzzles...
76561197999507555,Not Recommended,233230,12691604,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,nesscav,"You step into a room with a central pyramid and an exit. On the roof are three cubes reflecting light at three angles. You find that by stepping on plates you can change the angle of the light, so you focus them all on the center pyramid. Nothing happens, and you walk into the exit (that you could have walked to anytime) never knowing if you solved the puzzle or not. Welcome to  Kairo."
,Not Recommended,233230,10037854,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Puppetster,THIS. GAME. IS. ♥♥♥♥ING. TERRIBLE. AFTER MONTHS OF BEING BANNED FROM BUYING GAMES AND I GET UNBANNED TODAY AND OF COURSE THE FIRST GAME I BUY IS ♥♥♥♥ING TERRIBLE. ALL YOU CAN DO IS WALK AND JUMP. WALK AND JUMP. THEN DO IT SOME MORE. DONT BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING TERRIBLE GAME!!!
76561198096318404,Not Recommended,233230,25547750,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Kvaz,Puzzle puzzle?Puzzle.Puzzlepuzzle?Puzzle. Puzzle.
,Not Recommended,233230,25562623,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,dal,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,233230,31598364,Posted: 7 May,all,Top Nep,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
,Recommended,233230,10154329,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,jaro.pivarci,"Extremely good, reminds me very much Naissancee...if you like this one Naissancee is a must and vice versa. Two big thumbs UP!!!!"
,Recommended,233230,10385664,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,qwetroop,Amazing. I cried at the ending. Worth the play.
76561198127574525,Recommended,233230,10500509,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,SplitPea,Really interesting game. The ending is so worth it.
,Recommended,233230,8068487,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,qazplm632,Pretty simple but quite nice. Kills boredom for a few hours.
76561198034303585,Recommended,233230,8060732,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Mnementh21,"Intresting artstyle, relativly challenging puzzels, (not so Challenging as MYST but good). It also has a no descript story and strong message in it. Worth getting if its on special but probably wouldn't pay full price for it due to its short gametime (~2 hours), however plenty of secrets to find in it."
76561198048583630,Recommended,233230,8217214,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Foxfire_kadrpg,"A very good puzzle game in an avant garde world. Artifacts and symbols found in it give you the creepy sensation that this world might be tied to our own, or an analogue to it. I completed the game, got all but two secrets found, and thought it well worth the money.There is no death, no time limit, only ""I'm stuck at this puzzle"" and ""hey I found a secret"" to this game."
,Recommended,233230,8135221,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,"STooGE$$$$, Carmine Ocean",Nice adventure puzzler.  Completely in vane of Myst yet even more abstract.  No explicit allusions to what is actually going on....you must infer.Good puzzles and some good secrets.
,Recommended,233230,8110101,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,"Dawnbather, Cum Wizard","An incredible puzzle game. The ending makes the entire ambient, vaguely unsettling experience of a trek worthwhile. An absolute steal for $5."
,Recommended,233230,10236851,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,IcePotato,"I wanted a peaceful exploration/puzzle-solving game, and that's what Kairo gave me. Unfortunately I found the graphics extremely hard on my eyes - it triggered a lot of motion sickness and headaches for me. I also found some of the puzzles to be really, really obtuse and frustrating. There's also a total lack of a story, which was fine for me but might not be for you. If you're a genre fan, definitely give this a shot. If you're looking for something fast-paced and action-packed, look elsewhere"
,Recommended,233230,10140827,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Devidramoth,"No hevy handed commentary, not but exploration. Perectly replicates the feeling of stubling across a shattered collusus in the middle of a desert reading ""look upon my works ye mighty and despair"". Cannot reccomend highly enough."
76561198039770867,Recommended,233230,10100429,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,theguywhoskhan,Lots of fun and weird but good music.
,Recommended,233230,1028181,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,Benjamin Drinkbeer,"Neat little game with some fairly complex, yet simple puzzles. Atmosphere is great and really gives a sense of wonder."
,Recommended,233230,9574682,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Flaming Brick,"Kairo is a game that holds a very special place in my heart. It's an almost meditative experience. It has this Myst esc quality of loneliness that adds an faint errie feel as you explore this giant place alone. It's really not a puzzle game in my book but just an interactive experience. There diffenetly is gameplay though. Some of the puzzles are frustrating and running between map to map is sometimes tedius, but I would not hesitate to reccomend this."
,Recommended,233230,9725866,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Lobster Slippers,"Fantastic.I see hardly anyone owning this game, but it's pretty spectacular. Please buy it."
,Recommended,233230,9557317,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,betauniverse,A pleasure to discover and explore.Hope the future holds many releases like this.
,Recommended,233230,9163905,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,e dragon,"If you love puzzles, you'll love this game."
,Recommended,233230,9165209,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,BourbonMonkey,"One of the strangest journies I've ever been on, in terms of game wandering. In terms of never totally understanding what is going on. There's puzzles, there's a bit of a twist BUT THEN. YOU ARE GOING TO FLAIL. 8/10"
76561198063451265,Recommended,233230,9363880,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Midapi,One of the most fantastic and engaging indie games I have ever played.
,Recommended,233230,8850390,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Ξ₭ΙŁǤØɌΞ,"An extremely underrated game -- period. This game boasts a power to enthrall and captivate you, without needing an actual story the game almost speaks to you on a mystical level. The puzzles aren't easy but not too difficult, and there are very creative ideas put into it. The game also has intresting architecture and mysterious entities. It is a game that pulls you out of reality and puts you into this weird, but neat sublime world. I would say that this game is kinda like a more linear based LSD: Dream Simulator for the PS1 with puzzles. They both provoke unique mystery in an intresting and meaningful way. An excellent game for the price, I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,233230,9367926,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Kobayashi,"From the moment the game begins to the ending sequence, Kairo's atmosphere remains powerful and unique. The world feels vast and lonely, but far from empty. The world is strange and yet eerily familiar, and the puzzles keep you involved in the goal. You can spend hours exploring the numerous rooms, each with its own atmosphere and function.Very simple controls stop you from playing the guessing game on how to interact with things, so that the focus can be on the environment and puzzles that surround you. The music and atmospheric sounds add to the vast and lonely feeling of the world, and some elements you come across can send shivers down your spine.If you're one for getting lost in an atmosphere, this is a game for you."
,Recommended,233230,9338027,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,[VgB]Duck Pond,"This game's great. I mean, I may be a bit biased because I love puzzle games, but this one is really good. When I first bought it, I was just going to go through the first ""area"" and move on to another game I had purchased. Didn't turn out to be the case. By the time I decided to call it a night, I'd been playing for over an hour."
76561198063357967,Recommended,233230,9345166,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Onii-Chan 変態ポルノ,Very unique gaming experienceMust play
,Recommended,233230,796227,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,jarosh,"Brilliant. Completely dedicated to abstraction from beginning to end. No text, no tutorial, no explanations, no HUD. No traditional narrative or plot, only dream logic, mood and an amazingly realized sense of scale and place. The puzzles are often simple and follow an intuitive sort of logic (with a few unfortunate exceptions). Kairo is eerie, beautiful, mysterious, always unpredictable and intriguing. It's very much what I had hoped Antichamber would be."
,Recommended,233230,11117677,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Drisu,"Very hard game! I want to finish it so bad, but is just so damn hard. Just like 140."
76561198019288141,Recommended,233230,10925098,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Kai,"What has happened and why is the world so empty..? That is the main question that you have to ask yourself as disturbing images and realizations are made clear the deeper to delve into this world. If you love puzzle games that make you think and give you a good challenge, then you're going to love Kairo~!The game is hauntingly beautiful, in a simplistic way and I love all the different types of puzzles they incorporated into the game. And I’ll give you a hint… don’t miss a step in looking around, you could miss something very important~!I bought on sale for 1.49$ and I don’t regret it. Actually, I feel like I got a great deal for such an interesting game~! I’d pick it up if this type of game is your cup of tea."
,Recommended,233230,11125678,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,bwompbwomp,"Decent puzzler. Simple design that probably benefits VR users the most. Some of the levels, sounds, and atmosphere build tension as you explore. If you like puzzle/exploration games this is worth a look for the price."
,Recommended,233230,11125983,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Nani Desu Ka?!?!,"The lighting and sound of Kairo creates a daunting atmosphere: Not 'Scary', but it could be described as 'Eerie' and 'Ominous'.The level design is quite Agoraphobic: The wide open spaces make you feel very exposed and the sharp blind corners make you feel very uneasy.You're always convinced you're in danger and that something will jump out at you, but nothing ever does.In terms of actual gameplay - Its a simplistic puzzle game; your only control is wasd movement and jumping.If you do decide to play, I recommend the following options:1. Turning the mouse option sensitiving to about 10%2. Turning Grain off3. Turning the Motion Smoother off"
76561198048866481,Recommended,233230,7749331,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,untriangle,"This is a game you want to play on a long rainy sunday afternoon, one that will probably take you to the beginning of the night and leave you a bit numb, and proud. It's a painful game, in a good way."
,Recommended,233230,546203,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,AirRaid,"This is a really great chilled puzzle game. It kind of throws you in with little to no guidance, but most of it is reasonably intuitive, and you can figure things out at your own pace. There's a very minimalist aesthetic, which helps to accentuate saome of the puzzles. Worth it if you like to be made to think."
,Recommended,233230,7592544,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,itsthenewmeta,totally worth your time and money
,Recommended,233230,3031568,"Posted: 9 May, 2013",all,Mistwhisper -DI-,"Buy this game. Do not watch a let's play, I'd even recommend against watching the trailer. If you like not too hard puzzles and a very mysterious, slightly creepy atmosphere, buy it."
,Recommended,233230,1791112,"Posted: 24 April, 2013",all,Snooze^^,Great game! 3-4 hours longnot to hard and not to easy :]
,Recommended,233230,1181278,"Posted: 24 April, 2013",all,Timo★,"A really surrealistic and atmospheric experience. The soundtrack really complements the visuals (which are pretty well done for a blocky game like this). The puzzles are pretty simple most of the time and can be solved by observing your surroundings. The game lasts for ~3 hours (if you get the glyphs and stuff). If you're into a short, interesting adventure, grab it."
,Recommended,233230,3592919,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Myrhial,"This game feels like a dream, with a haunting soundtrack and an atmosphere of mystery that makes the hairs on your back rise even on the warmest summer day. Puzzles are easy enough, so you can just sit back and enjoy the journey that it takes you on. Shame it isn't a longer experience, but in line with its minimalistic graphics it has all the core gameplay and none of the bulk."
,Recommended,233230,3419328,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Zeroandx,"Kairo is an amazing game filled with mystery, intruige and wonder. Its like all the good things you remember about Myst but somehow makes more sence than Myst ever did."
,Recommended,233230,1075992,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,ElyCyan,"First person atmospheric puzzle game with a heavy dash of video game hipster.I personally love games like this and Kairo didn't disappoint. The atmosphere is very engrossing, from the otherworldly simplistic visuals to the mysterious soundtrack. Well worht it for the price point of $8."
,Recommended,233230,7750957,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Barbaric Space Whale,"This is definitely one of the prettiest games on Steam, not because of high quality textures or models, but because of the sheer simplicity of it's presentation. It has a lovely soundtrack which you can listen to on Spotify, and every room and puzzle is something to remember. This game also has a good story if you dig deep enough (it took some reading and guides for me). All that said though, some of the puzzles are frustrating (I'm looking at you Einstein room), but the hint system doesn't leave you hanging.If you like adventure games and abstract art, I'd give this game a try."
,Recommended,233230,1504863,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Frosty Grin,"Majestic, atmospheric, beautifully minimalistic game."
,Recommended,233230,7463387,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Masem,This a decent puzzle/thoughtful game that's good to wait for a steam sale. It's not difficult (and in fact has a hint system) and probably a few hours long.
,Recommended,233230,1152891,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,SonataFanatica,"This game is simply breathtaking. Though it looks a bit barren when you look at the screenshots, you'll be completely drawn in as soon as you play it. The atmospheric soundtrack, the vast landscapes, the mystical ruins, the immensely huge monuments, the surreal locations and the mystical ancient machineries will haunt you in your dreams. This game is a MUST!"
76561198236052602,Recommended,233230,17216396,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,christian_curran,"Vast , simple and yet rich in atmosphere, with pure relaxing gameplay.Similar to journey in feel but has the essence of many great games.Incredible value and an example why steam is essential to any gamer."
,Recommended,233230,17293694,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Artistdude,"Kairo is... Interesting. The puzzles were pretty mild and hunting for the runes were an added incentive to explore the bizarre world. The ambient sounds/music added plenty of atmosphere (headphones a must!). Was there some deep meaning behind this game and the imagery/sounds in it? The game's description said there is, but it was beyond me. Though after completing, I don't feel very compelled to research the meaning either.My two complaints was that I was holding sprint for pretty much the entire game, and I didn't have a Rift to get the full experience, haha!For sub $5, I think this is worth checking out if you're in the mood for something different."
,Recommended,233230,17293803,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Eka Fury,"This game is fun and will entertain you for a few hours, however this game isn't what i would call a puzzle game simply because most of the ""puzzles"" are actually just trial and error. Granted there are puzzles in the game. I do recommend this though."
76561198085999730,Recommended,233230,17054593,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,rvaniy_venik,Amazing atmospheric puzzle.
76561198053565865,Recommended,233230,17339299,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Despair Bear,"I very much enjoyed this game.  There is not enough like this out there.  The game felt very personal, and there was something about the world that kept you exploring.  The atmosphere was wonderful, and it transports you away to this strange and bizarre world.  The conclusion of the game kept me thinking for a while as to the meaning of the game, and I came to a few conclusions.  That is what makes this a good game, it can be interpreted in many different ways.  I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys more atmospheric games with mild puzzle solving elements.  Some of the puzzles are very difficult, there is still one that I cannot solve.  The most difficult puzzles are the ones that really demand you to pay attention to your environment."
,Recommended,233230,17624500,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Dirtyfox,"Like abstract Myst-likes? Like puzzle games? Like first-person walking simulators? If any of these apply to you, get this game when it's on sale. Kairo is a gem of a game that is great for those who love the sense of isolation, mystic settings, and eerie music."
,Recommended,233230,17710561,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,So Many Bees,"If you're looking for a deep, challenging puzzle game with an ambiguous and surreal atmosphere, then have another go at using that search box because you seem to have mispelled Antichamber. I wouldn't mention it, except you can't seem to go 5 minutes of reading about this game without it being compared to Antichamber (indeed, this comparison is what brought me to the game in the first place), and I simply can't see why. Kairo is nothing like Antichamber, and if you're expecting it to be then you're about to be sorely disappointed. This is not to say that I didn't like Kairo, as you can presumably tell from the fact that this review is a recommendation. It's just that my initial view of it was tainted because I was constantly trying to compare it to Antichamber, and in that comparison it, like most games, falls very far short.First, the bad. The ""puzzles""  are probably the main thing here. Barring a few rather interesting ones, they can be solved with minimal effort as soon as you work out what each element of the environment actually is. The main problem, I feel is the lack of a central mechanic. With no way to interract with the environment besides standing on things, puzzle design is extremely limited. In the game's defense, it uses this limited capacity well and rarely repeates itself, but nonetheless you will likely find much of the game unchallenging. Furthermore, the much-touted atmosphere is... eh. It's not bad, but it tries too hard to be creepy, which simply doesn't work with the gameplay. There are a few very effective moments, but overall you'll probably find you just don't notice it.However, the game just about makes up for these shortcomings with its stronger points. The environment design is excellent, using a rather minimalist block-based design for buildings which contrasts effectively with the more detailed decoration and interactable objects. Along with providing some spectacular views, this helps greatly with distinguishing puzzle piece from environment and the intuitive level design means you'll have little difficulty with finding your way around. Finally, the ending. Oh the ending. I strongly recommend playing through once to get the normal ending, then finding a guide online and playing through again for the hidden one. It won't have as much of an impact if you didn't play through once blind, but I honestly can't think of a way it could have ended better. Utterly unexpected yet actually carefully foreshadowed, it ties the game together and makes you look at the product as a whole from a completely different angle.Overall, I recommend Kairo, but only just. It makes up for its shortcomings in a number of ways, and it's certainly fairly unique. If you're looking for a challenge (or, like me, something Antichamber-esque), you won't find it. However, if you're looking for an unusual experience that effectively kills a few hours, you could do a lot worse. For only £4, I'd say it's worth the money."
,Recommended,233230,14115292,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Bearo,So Kairo is a game quite like Antichamber but not really. The thing is I bought this game on sale for 0.79€ and for that priceit was worth it but if you bought it at full price not so much. I would recommend this to other people but to me the framerate was absolutely terrible so for me it was almost unplayable. Basically it's something you should buy if you think that it looks cool.
,Recommended,233230,17708679,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,AshLad,Sweet puzzle game
76561198126867055,Recommended,233230,17621198,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Nosferrata,"A very interesting, different, even hypnotic game.As the only negative point, a couple of puzzles did not make any kind of sense to me. I had to check for the solution (yep, I cheated) and even when I found it I couldn´t really get it (hey, I consider myself moderately smart).In any case, I definitely recommend it.9/10"
,Recommended,233230,17485579,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,playr4,"Kairo is certainly an odd game. Definitily not for everyone. However, if you are a fan of explorative puzzle games, I highly recommend it. It almost reminds me of the Myst series, in the sense that you are never given proper direction in how to solve the game, but each area is designed to keep the player interested and almost needing to solve the area. I will say that the feeling I get whenever I solve one of the puzzles is immensly satisfying. It brings me back to the roots of what made me love puzzle games to start with. Not to mention that the world you are given to explore is absolutly gorgeous."
,Recommended,233230,16558677,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,_bm,"Kairo is seriously a fantastic experience. It seems people are complaining about the following:""kept waiting for something interesting to happen, some secret to uncover, some story to unfold""Kairo is something of an atmopsheric puzzle game. That being said, it's really full of ""AHA"" moments. In every area, there's something interesting and beautiful.""The puzzles are a little too abstract""I don't know about this. Yeah, the puzzles are quite difficult, but isn't that, you know, the point?""First of all I expected a little more story. Sadly there is absolutely none.""I played through the entire game, and never once expected a story. Do not go in expecting one. This is not a bad thing. This is a game where you need to appreciate the world at face value.""Graphics: 5.7/10""People seem to be hating on the graphics. I think they really add to the atmosphere, which is, to be honest, what Kairo is half about.Overall, I'd say this game is a 7.5/10, it'salmostthere, but is too abstract for many. The price is fair for a game like this. I'd say overall, a reccomend."
,Recommended,233230,14007285,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Satyroshka,"I thought it was just some puzzle game that has little meaning and story-less... But it's not.You'll find Kairo mysterious and unbearably protective of its secrets.I really loved playing this game.Some of the cons:- Short (I finished it fully in 5 hours, but it was still fun.)- Little challenge, some obstacles are easy.I recommend."
,Recommended,233230,16548201,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ZauberWeiner,"Don't bother without the VR headset. It was pretty much build to be played with it. Without one, gets boring pretty fast. Get yourself Anti-chamber instead."
76561198010773264,Recommended,233230,16339808,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Jimson [SG],"I thought this was about the Holocaust or bombing of Dresden or Hiroshima or something, upon reading a synopsis it turns out I was wrong and it's way more complicated.That's a level of story telling I don't expect from puzzle games.That's nice.Despite the lack of Dresdens, I'm still giving this the official Kurt Vonnegut seal of approval."
,Recommended,233230,16357505,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,microfloppy,"NOTE: For review with screenshots, please visithttp://microfloppy.net/2015/06/14/kairo/Kairo is a puzzle exploration game. You travel the world of Kairo, trying to move forward and get to the next door… and the next… and the next.The graphics are simple – smooth and coloured walls will keep you company. It gives the game a cold and sinister feel. I felt small and lost, running around in large buildings, trying to get out.You have no inventory, no set of tools to help you out. Instead you unlock your surroundings by how and where you move and what you do. It’s a very unnerving and immersive experience.It is difficult to explain this game without saying too much. But playing Kairo, I felt like I was the last person in the world, trying desperately to find my way out of a complex I was not meant to be in. If you like first-person explorations games, you should play this one.7/10"
,Recommended,233230,17451158,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,DeRockProject (jongyon7192p),"You can play this with just the mouse. Move mouse to look, left click to walk and right click to jump. Your other hand...while watching the beautiful sexy scenery...... yknow...masturbate./OverdoneJoke"
,Recommended,233230,17408793,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,thelogicalghost,"IMPORTANT: When you hit the normal ending, wait for the credits to play out. They're not long.Pros:- Puzzles become interesting when you have no ""hand"" or ""activate"" controls. By limiting the player to mere movement controls, old puzzles feel fresh, and there's an extra sense of accomplishment with even fairly simple puzzles.- The environment's minimalist polygon theme manages, surprisingly, to stay varied, interesting, and even evokative throughout the game, contributing to the theme of ""strange and yet familiar"" that pervades.- Difficulty to normal end is low, difficulty to secret end is high.- No penalty for exploration, experimentation, or taking your time.- Overall, definitely enjoyable.Cons:- The ""story"" aspect is a little too vague. You paid $5, folks, this ain't Myst or Portal. While there are enough ""clues"" that a player can vaguely put together a plot (and considerably more blatant clues as rewards for solving secret puzzles), there's plenty that's just left to imagination.- The mechanic that resets you to a safe ledge can glitch considerably, leaving you in a fall-to-your-death loop, though this can be solved by exiting the game and reloading.- One of the final secret puzzles is actually impossible to solve on your own. Your game will have 1/5 of the solution, and which fifth is chosen at random. So you're either going to need lots of friends, or cheat and look at a walkthrough.Final Note: Don't take my playtime as a good guide to the runthrough time of this game. I got irritated and consulted a walkthrough for two of the secret puzzles and half the rune locations."
,Recommended,233230,17143674,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Happy Blackman,"Awesome puzzle game! It has awesome puzzles, music, atmosphere and gameplay! BUY IT NOW!!"
76561198150079793,Recommended,233230,17129448,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,TheHiddenDoor,geat visual effect game :)
,Not Recommended,233230,18418022,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Exia - エクシア,poor design / boring game
,Recommended,233230,18335738,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,LawlTrev,Lovely game with some incredibly cryptic visuals and music.
,Not Recommended,233230,19018111,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Momokii?,"Dear developers, dear readers,I don't like adventure games. I just somehow made it through the game using a guide. Some puzzles are too easy, some can only be solved with a guide. Graphics look like SCP - Containment Breach.Played it shortly before I finished watching the 3rd season of Kami nomi zo shiru sekai (engl.: The World God only knows). The ending was unexpectedky sad, but I liked it. Now I hope they'll make season 4. I voted 9/10 on MAL. You can see for yourself if you don't believe me. I also bought vol. 1 of the manga. The difference is rather small but I like the manga's art style a little bit better than the animated version. The animation team did a good job, though. I would say I like season 3 slightly better the first two seasons. Tenri-hen was ok. Yeah, it's already a few years old but this show definitely deserves more fame!Anyways.. thanks for the 100% achievements!"
76561198049417219,Not Recommended,233230,17858218,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Jacob2pop,"Not the worst game in the world, but for the most part its just some very nice looking scenery to jump around with a fe puzzles scattered about."
,Recommended,233230,17906268,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Foomf,"I quite enjoyed this game. The atmosphere was great, and it looked really cool. However, some of the puzzles were a bit -too- abstract, and for some reason touching a wall caused my framerate to drop dramatically. This got annoying in some areas, espeically being that the controls in this game aren't very tight, even with the settings tweaked.Some areas a a bit bigger than they need to be, so there's a lot of walking to do. Thank goodness there's a sprint button, but it doesn't change your speed that much.This game has very little replay value, unless you're one of those people who want to painstakingly go through every nook and cranny to find these tiny symbols tucked in corners of the levels.I think the game was trying to tell me a story, but I didn't get any sort of feeling of resolution at the end, unless I am supposed to find all those little symbols. That sounds absolutely miserable though. That would be like playing a 3d eye spy game. I have better things to do with my life.Overall, I enjoyed the game. Puzzles were nice, except for a few, which were really stupidly hard. The game is not that long at all, so these few dark spots really put a dent in the overall experience.I almost gave this a thumbs down, but at the end of the day, it did hold my attention, and I did say twice in this review that I enjoyed it, so it gets a thumbs up from me. But just barely."
76561198048099412,Recommended,233230,16663768,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Fox_Quantum,"As some of the reviewers say, Kairo is... odd. It feels a bit like exploring the inside of someone's mind.I found it fascinating."
76561198112989387,Recommended,233230,16518317,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,SHARKEY,"takes a little while to get really involved, but it is really immersive and fun"
76561198111697179,Recommended,233230,16611704,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Keyboard+Mouse,"Ending's a little underwhelming, but worth it for the exploration aspect and just for the sake of being something interesting."
76561198064527406,Not Recommended,233230,14085323,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,TeeLight,"This game wasn't really one of my favorites. There was a sizeable portion where I just wanted it to end. The puzzles were interesting and fun to complete. Everything in between kind of just blurred together into a multi-colored swatch of concrete. This game is not pretty. A sizeable portion of it I couldn't even enjoy artisticly. It felt like I was walking through some one's grad school project. The symbols throughout the game felt forced. It all just felt a little bit too obvious to me. Maybe that's just me. I just didn't like it. I appreciate what the game is trying to do, and I can tell a lot of love went into this. I just don't think I was the right audience for this one. I will say the secret ending was awesome. That quite possibly was worth going through the game to get. If stark modern art is your kind of thing then this game is right up your alley. If you aren't into that kind of thing you might want to try something else."
,Recommended,233230,14076742,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,AllieRiots,Kinda mesmerizing.  Play with headphones.  Just let yourself get sucked in.
76561198121662870,Recommended,233230,14137757,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,megapants444,Use a walkthrough.
,Recommended,233230,14138853,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Val,"Really creepy puzzle game! There are in-game hints for the puzzles, which I thought was nice (there's a hint section in the menu that only gives hints for puzzles). The story is really well done and subtle enough to not get in the way for people more interested in the puzzle aspect.Only 2 gripes: the game's pretty linear/straightforward so IDK how much replay value there is to get the achievements, and there's a puzzle where for me the in-game hint system was completely unhelpful, so I had to just mess around until it solvedIt's a cheap, short, interesting game that you can beat in a few hours, so I'd rec it"
,Not Recommended,233230,14138959,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,OvenBaked,"Too blocky, chunky and minimal for me. Has potential, but after 10 min I knew I'd had enough.That's not to say it's terrible. I don't want to ""not recommend it"". There needs to be a middle ground where you neither recommend for or against. It depends what sort of games you like and what mood you're in. Sometimes a basic and minimal game is exactly the thing to get into. Right now I'm distracted by The Talos Principle... expensive but good."
76561198034983007,Recommended,233230,13443126,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,nick,"No, this game is not for everyone. But I found this to be the perfect late night game."
,Recommended,233230,400824,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,wgren,"I beautiful abstract puzzle game, filled with atmospheric music.There is no plot that I've found so far, like Myst much of the pleasure just comes from walking around experiencing all the cinematic and architectural touches. Don't be afraid to use the hint system, it is easy to get stuck."
,Not Recommended,233230,18037345,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Connor,"Minimalist, abstract, and esoteric. I picked up a copy of Kairo because it was on sale and it looked interesting and played it through to completion (with the help of a guide to point me in the direction of my objectives, I admit. They're not that obvious some of the time).Kairo manages to combine my two least favorite things in a game: slippery controls and almost required sprinting. In-game you can hear your footsteps so I know my feet weren't covered in oil... but it certainly felt like it. Many of the areas are expansive, which is cool, but if you want to try to complete the game the way I didyou will need to backtrack through areas you've already visited.At times like these I found myself holding down the sprint key just to get through these areas as fast as possible. After about an hour of this, my left hand is pretty sore.On the positive side the environments were cool and my favorite puzzle mechanic- the block puzzles where you have to stand in a certain position in the room to solve them- didn't feel like it was used often enough. I think there's enough in that idea alone to make an entire game out of, should the developer give it a try.That said I cannot, in good faith, recommend Kairo. Not at full price, anyway. Five bucks for a ~3 hour game that's uncomfortable to play during the second half isn't a great deal by any stretch of the imagination."
76561198010112719,Recommended,233230,14220461,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Mr. Eff,"I got this game for $1. And I'm glad I scooped it up! A great puzzle/exploration game with enigmas abound.GAMEPLAY: Consists of walking, jumping, and looking around. It's straightforward exploration with minor platforming. Puzzles round out the play, which you complete by stepping on platforms and bumping into objects to trigger them.PUZZLES: They're pretty intuitive for the most part, but there were a few I had to consult the helpfully provided ""hints"" option for (one in particular was hair rippingly frustrating because I'm terrible at math). Be prepared to comb areas carefully for clues, and draw out some diagrams here and there. It's quite satisfying to solve these puzzles, as they're fairly challenging, and it's made clear when you have activated a piece of machinery or opened a pathway by way of flashing lights, thunderous tumults, or loud gong strikes. It all amounts to a feeling of progress and getting one step closer to solving the mystery.VISUALS: Very minimalistic. Oftentimes, you wander through barren corridors or empty voids, with sparsely a decoration to look at. What there is to look at, though, serves to deepen the mystery. It feels like everything being presented - from images of Earth to the DNA double helix - has some type of underlying meaning. Otherwise, lighting and colouring is used to differentiate rooms, creating a very surreal effect. There's also some use of moving objects - floating, spinning globes, for example - that add some variance. In all, it's simplistic, but only where it needs to be.AUDIO: The highlight of the game for me. Again, simplicity is the standard here - a haunting, ambient soundtrack makes the place feel mysterious, dangerous, and cozy all at once. It's a strange effect, but it keeps the player guessing as to what, exactly, these structures are. As mentioned before, loud, sudden bells and gongs are used to indicate that the player has completed a puzzle, which is pretty satisfying. Radio static in certain locations and chimes during object interaction round out the auditory experience. Like the graphics, it feels like the sounds of the game highlight what's important.STORY: Ostensibly, there isn't much of one. There is virtually no dialogue or cutscenes, and there are no NPCs present. Only environmental clues, mainly through recurring motifs, give rise to some semblance of a plot. I enjoyed wondering what Kairo could be about, and reading theories about it afterward.Overall, a great experience, which is even nicer considering I got this game for $1. It reminded me a lot of Myst (and Penumbra, somehow). There are mysteries to be unravelled for those willing to search for them."
,Recommended,233230,12403793,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Kyubey,"Kairo was an amazing game, from its beautiful scenery to the helpful message at the end. I found it quite spooky being alone the entire time, but it certainly gave it a sense of wonder and the feeling of emptiness. I was kinda iffy about this game at first and some of the puzzles are tricky, but the atmosphere and the soundtrack are absolutely worth it.The soundtrack absolutely helps the game and its amazingly eerie. If you want the soundtrack, you can get it on iTunes for $10."
,Recommended,233230,11732522,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,KaePhoenix,This game has puzzles ranging from very easy to very hard. Some puzzles I accidentally skipped in my first playthrough. Game can be completed in a few hours.
76561198108632043,Recommended,233230,11492846,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,PFC Conrad,"It's not a bad game, though not something I'd really play unless I was bored."
,Recommended,233230,11583469,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"It's basically like LSD: Dream Emulator for the original PlayStation but without the crude graphics, broken controls and aimlessness. Obviously not for everyone, but for those of you that are into this outsider, surrealist kind of gaming, you'll definitely appreciate what Kairo has to offer."
76561198028212667,Recommended,233230,12134093,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Zslayer74,"There are two ways to approach Kairo. The first is to view it as a meditative experience in an open world with many soothing  environments and lots of exploration. The second view is to see it as a string of puzzles that need to be solved to complete and beat the game.You'll enjoy it either way you view it. If you decide to explore, you will see many different areas, and come to love the fact that you can hide away in the world of Kairo and relax after a long day. Walk around in the Park, look at the alien structures, and relax to the calm sounds of water rushing, or birds chirping.And if you take it as a string of puzzles, you will be challenged with a system with no interaction button, with clues to guide you when you are lost. You will push things, pull things, and eventually get the machines that govern the world of Kairo running.And be treated to a delightful and uplifting ending."
76561198084920937,Recommended,233230,12109223,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,greenlungs [NL],can u PLEASE make part 2.. it says enough !!
,Recommended,233230,12043212,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,giorgio,"This game is phenomenal. Why haven't you bought it yet? It has everything - atmosphere, puzzles, you name it. My one complaint is that it doesn't really tell you at all what you're doing, so you're left fumbling around trying to solve whatever puzzles it gives you. But some might say that's a good thing, and I can see where they're coming from. My rating for this game: 8/10."
,Recommended,233230,12165598,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,MiningAdam,"Atmosphere.  Puzzles.  Achievements.  It's an incredible short puzzle game, that really made me feel immersed in a world.  I enjoyed my playthrough."
,Recommended,233230,12154746,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Nate Wardawg,"Surprisingly, this game is a lot of fun! If you like adventure games, you'll definitely want to give this one a shot!"
,Recommended,233230,12008103,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Masterfireheart,"A really chill atmospheric puzzler. Paid another 5 bucks to have it on my phone because why not? It was a good choice, this really is a fun game! :D"
,Recommended,233230,12075120,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Opie Winston,My brain hurts.Don't buy this if you love your brain.I realized that i don't love it.8/10
,Recommended,233230,12079846,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Reyan,"This game didn't take too long to finish, but somehow I managed to wait for months in between sessions and forget what was going on.  So I would NOT do that, were I to live life a second time.This game has a few REALLY killer puzzles, and I am a snob about puzzles, so that is saying something.  I think the number one thing that made this game work is it's utter abstractness.  Many of the best puzzles were fairly simple tasks, but understanding how the mechanisms worked was a challending and engaging task, simply because of the lack of context.One of the most interesting and unique things about this game is the cool control scheme in which the position where you are standing affects the state of the world.  This is used in a variety of ways, and it somehow manages to make very simple puzzles a lot more engaging.On the down side, this game was definitely lacking in polish.  Movement was slightly glitchy - especially going up stairs and jumping off walls (which I'm not sure you were supposed to be able to do at all).  There were often cheap looking cracks between blocks that didn't quite touch.  Some icons looked like poorly clipped .pngs.  Just a little rough around the edges.Also the ""story"" kept getting devastatingly interesting, and then leaving you hanging.  Ending was super weird (secret ending was even weirder.  But no, I didn't get it, I watched it on youtube :P)"
,Recommended,233230,11438781,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Δv,"Hands down the best puzzle / exploration game I have ever played, and one of the most interesting and enjoyable games I have ever played. Heartily recommend!"
,Recommended,233230,11010973,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Qusai (MetaChicken),Fantastic game with decent puzzles. Environmental story telling is a new thing for me and it was great. The subtlety of this game is fantastic.
,Recommended,233230,11057975,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,The Bear King,"This game, though simple with graphics, surprises me the further I keep playing it. Once you've completed the main game, you are already satisfied, but then you find out there is a secret ending, and this allows you to keep playing, and enjoying the game even more than before! The music always fit the mood of each level, and the puzzles were always a challenge. If you love puzzles and puzzle games, this is the one for you!"
76561198025088156,Recommended,233230,3594526,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Starbudd,"This game is way more immersive than I originally expected it to be! It has as much story as you want it to have; if you just want to play through the game and do the puzzles, you can. No story at all. But if you actually look around, try to decipher what everything means, look at all the subtle hints you're given, you actually see what  Kairo is about. What Kairo itself is, who and what you are, why you are there, etc etc. It's definitely not for everyone though. No combat, the controls are a bit floaty at times and there is no real ""challenge"" as the puzzles are, with a bit of thinking, relatively easy to solve. There is no real pressure as you can't really die and every puzzle that requires a little running or reflexes can be done over and over again until you get it just right. The game is really forgiving, but that is part of what makes this game so relaxing."
76561198042976007,Recommended,233230,11365759,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,TrouserMouse,"This game has a surreal feeling to it that I found very enjoyable. The lack of any point and click mechanics was refreshing. Some may find the ambiguity in why you are solving these puzzles frustrating but personally I thought it added to the atmosphere the game creates. This is a good game if you want solve puzzles and explore an artistic, dream like environment."
76561198009458478,Recommended,233230,11298558,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Msgtfrank,An interesting and almost mind bending puzzler. The simplistic environments will keep you enthralled as you explore this Egyptian themed dream realm.
,Recommended,233230,10040962,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Brooksolicious,"It's like a mixture of Fez and Antichamber, and while Kairo may not be as good as either of them, it's still a good game in its own right. The lack of an interact button may seem odd at first, but it allows for some intuitive mechanics. Overall, not a classic but still good enough to justify its low pricing and it's certainly fun while it lasts."
,Recommended,233230,562346,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,ff,Quite cool in its own minimalistic way
,Recommended,233230,8939399,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Maxiom,"A solid 4 or 5 hours of exploration. The puzzles sometimes feel a bit arbitrary, but its unlikely you'll find yourself totally stuck. Overall, Kairo creates a really cool environment to get lost in, which isn't something a lot of new games provide. It may seem a bit boring on the surface, but if you're patient I'm sure you can get something out of it."
,Recommended,233230,10053793,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,handsome_jack015,"Monoliths, glyphs, runes, buttons to step on... Kairo.For every step you take in this lonely world, you find yourself seemingly stuck and lost within yourself as well. Film grain covers your field of vision as you navigate the towers, solving a wide plethora of puzzles, from simple navigation of a simple maze to interpreting a star map just to open a door to running on treadmills, Kairo does the puzzle genre justice by infusing complex and mind-boggling puzzles towards a simplistic, minimalist world. The colours are beautiful, the gameplay is relatively solid (although I personally find the movement a little too sensitive) and this is really immersive by itself (if you play in a dark room with headphones).A drawback for me personally was that I found myself getting lost most of the time, that I was unable to have a good view of the puzzle I'm trying to solve. Like a rat in a maze, I could not see the big picture of the puzzle and I had to keep walking in circles trying to figure out what I've done, even resorting to sketching out some rooms on a piece of paper and drawing the various interactive elements on the paper so I can figure out what in the world is going on. It does interrupt the flow of the game for me sometimes and it was a little distracting to the overall feel of the game.In short, despite the few rough edges of this work of art, Kairo is really a beautiful gameset (with its fair share of really, really creepy elements and depictions here and there), really meant for the casual player to play and enjoy this surreal world, while unraveling a terrible tale that led to this place. If you're a puzzle nut and you enjoy creepy, lonely worlds, Kairo really is the place for you to be.Eurogamer has succiently highlighted the deep spine of Kairo. ""Kairo is mysterious and elegant and powerfully distinct. Like Fez and Minecraft, it will work your way into your dreams if you're not careful.""Play at your own risk, because Kairo does leave impressions in your mind as you play it, with the wide rooms and chilling images (when you stumble upon some seemingly ""dead ends"") and huge, huge glyphs.To this casual gamer's opinion:Kairo: 7.5/10"
,Recommended,233230,10859090,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,GiLneration,Too good for you.
76561198031108102,Recommended,233230,10951991,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,skellywright,"Atmospheric setting, bu mystifying game play, hard to navicate without frequent reference to the online guide"
,Recommended,233230,11225312,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Founder's Discount,reminds me of myst. cool vibe and neat artwork mean it's a fun game if you like exploring and figuring puzzles out.
76561197986202316,Recommended,233230,11137802,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,cabrown3,"This game was very good.  The combination of the eerie scapes {can't say landscapes because there was no land} the enigmatic puzzles and the atmospheric sound track make for a sort of bizarre and fun experience.The puzzles were fun and not too hard, although, I did have to refer to the hint system in the game a couple of the times.  There are areas along the main path but there are also areas that may be just for fun and it is hinted at that there might be something more there.  A secret perhaps.It took me about 5 or 6 hours to finish the game.  Don't get me wrong, this game may not be for everyone.  If your looking for Call Of Duty,  Speelunky, or The Witcher, this is not the game.  Its a little more like Myst but without the story and far more surreal, but for $1.99 it was great!  Grab it!"
76561198009017818,Recommended,233230,11184121,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Vince Vance,I'll never forget playing this with the Oculus Rift. It was the most haunting experience i've yet had with the Rift. I felt like being in an ancient temple constructed by alien gods on another planet.
76561198049095225,Recommended,233230,11184783,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,fishorbit,"Really good game, fellas. The atmosphere is fantastically mysterious, the puzzles are just the right difficulty, the whole world is wonderful to look at, the music fits perfectly and the subtlety of the story telling is very welcome. Those who like exploring, puzzle-solving and generally getting immersed in an interesting, strange world of its own will love this. And no violence!"
,Recommended,233230,11237255,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,PlutoHimself,So weird. Sooooo weird. I beat it and I was like what? how? when? and it was strange and beautiful.
76561197993492300,Recommended,233230,11277446,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Scotty Firebird,"Kairo is a beautiful game. It stands right up there with best artistic endeavors in gaming in the last ten years, and its tone is perfectly executed. Do not play this game in a room full of housemates screaming at League of Legends (as I did in my first attempt); in order to appreciate the mood, you should be alone and open to anything. Because, thought the game does not literally deliver EVERYTHING, it conveys the feeling that it COULD, and that is a mostly lost art in gaming, as well as literature and film. After fully completing every aspect of the game, I still am not entirely sure of the exact story narrative, and the writer in me hates that, but that same writer also appreciates it. How easy would it have been for the developer to just give us computer terminals and characters to explain everything? But that's why this is so great. It felt like I was really there, really trying to piece together something entirely on my own. If I were actually there, I doubt there'd be notes scattered about just telling me every detail about what happened. But the story, while integral to the setting in design, is not essential to experiencing the setting. I highly recommend this to people who loved Myst back in the day; who enjoy newer exploration-based environmental games like FEZ and Gone Home; those of you who have to be driven by saving the princess and killing the bad guys, however, might want to sit this one out. But I enjoyed this game immensely. Thumbs way up!"
76561198041054870,Recommended,233230,11153402,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,drpep,"This game is really neat, and super fun. Some of the puzzles don't really make sense or maybe they're just glithy. But for the Price you can't go wrong."
,Recommended,233230,9895180,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Fox Chaotica 74647,"Any fans of exploration games will love kairo. It's simple to understand, but it can be difficult to complete if you don't know what you're doing. there are hints available if you get stuck however, which is extremely nice"
,Recommended,233230,10079329,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Cavebabble,"This is the sort of atmospheric adventuring I love. Massive, enigmatic structures filled with challenging (but not too frustrating) puzzles. Awakening new areas, adding their energies and mechanics to the overall world as it all comes alive. A simple map develops along the way, and the game has a 3-tiered hint system for each puzzle area, just in case a nudge in the right direction is needed."
76561197972894521,Recommended,233230,13202321,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,goo_on_shoe,This game makes me wich I had an Oculus Rift.
,Recommended,233230,13186619,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,StefanosK27,"Kairo is really one of a kind game. It takes a little time to absorb you into its world, but once it does it never lets you leave it. It's an adventure/puzzle game which is kind of easy to finish but extremely hard to master.There is so much hidden stuff in this game that you'll want to play it again and again. Yet, none of its puzzles is obvious or easy to be seen.Kairo's alien world is extrordinary unique and beautiful on its own and feels like it came out from 2001's monolith."
76561198124610608,Recommended,233230,15446458,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Spark7979,"Nice environments, a few puzzles, good experience."
,Recommended,233230,15815565,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,jpsf91,"An unique exploration game. There are no tutorials. Just explore. Find things. Solve puzzles. And gradually, you will start to understand the beautiful world of Kairo. But the game is kinda hardcore, and maybe you will need a guide in order to discover everything. But if you're struck, don't give up! Because this world is so rewarding. But to new players, it's sink or swim. Let's hope it's the latter."
,Recommended,233230,6412341,"Posted: 27 April, 2013",all,alphadeltaepsilon196,"A great game. It feels like it is a spiritual successor to the original Myst in the way it make you feel isolated and small in a mysterious world. The puzzles are sufficiently difficult as to be rewarding to solve, but they are not as frustratingly vague as they can initially appear. All in all, it is a short but enjoyable game to play."
,Recommended,233230,26596300,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Alligat0r,"Huh... Well it's definitely something. Myst without a narrative and more cubism, is my best take so far."
76561198015563005,Recommended,233230,26981357,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Steelsky.,"Impressive ambiance and scenarios. Music simply chilled my bones.Felt like the game was going to give me a surprise at any moment and it actually did. Even tho it lacks narration you can still feel the vibe of the story subtly.On the downside puzzles weren't any big deal but entertaining nonetheless.Nominated it for the “Whoooaaaaaaa, dude!” Award 2016, quite deserves it."
76561198035595990,Recommended,233230,27034713,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,McNUGGS,this deserves the WHOOO DUUUDE award
,Recommended,233230,26621777,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Draggommer,"I got about 7 hours out of this game, and for the price I got it at ($0.99 while on sale), I would have to say that it is definitely one of the more enjoyable puzzle games I've played recently. It manages to do a lot of things without using too much, and it does it quite well. I can definitely recommend this game to anyone looking to pick it up.That being said, be warned in advance, this game is not easy. Some of the puzzles are rather difficult to figure out, and a few even require back tracking at a much later date. You will also probably need a guide if you intend to 100% this game. My advice, is try to do your first run as bare bones as possible, consulting the guide as little as possible, just to experience the game. Then, you can speed run through it the second time grabbing all the things you missed your first run through."
,Recommended,233230,17494516,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,caught in the undertow,"Really enjoyed the exploration and environment. Don't enjoy the lack of guidance and the puzzles weren't very fun to me, worth the money if you enjoy atmospheric games and puzzles 👍👍👍"
76561198078851686,Recommended,233230,23228502,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,CloudSith,Great game.Nice & relaxing. Take your time and enjoy the visuals. I want a sequel!
,Recommended,233230,23714092,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Sumireko Usami,"This game was such a cool journey, the music, the graphics, the puzzles,  everything is beautiful. If you like surreal/explorer -like games you should definitely try this one."
76561198041020327,Recommended,233230,10208359,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Jaduggar,"An absolutely incredible game... i loved it all the way through <3Kairo is quiet and surreal, has incredible timing and pace, and constantly tickles your curiosity in order to compell you forward from each puzzle to the next. When the game is strange and alien, it is fascinating, but when it begins to hint at things familiar it turns creepy. The plot is revealed without ever resorting to the use of writing or words; a story told entirely through shapes, colors, and meaningfull images.I cant believe this is only five dollars. I'll be watching these devolopers in the future to see what they come out with next... I will remember this game for awhile :)"
,Recommended,233230,20832875,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Skywalker,Very interesting first person puzzle game.Puzzle not so hard just a little challenging.I enjoy when playing.
,Recommended,233230,30815495,Posted: 29 March,all,Nitelitedarken yourmumcase.net,"+ Design, music, ambient sound, concept.- Would be so boring and take so long to solve without a guide. This is coming from someone who completed Only If.P.S. But that secret ending tho. Ahahah."
,Recommended,233230,24144817,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Merim,"Though lack of story on whats going on, which it never did explain anything and just get you right in the gameplay without any reasons or such. But, the puzzles are entertaining and theres a secret ending if you happen to complete every puzzles in the game. It has some strange feeling when playing this, its actually worth playing.Keep noted there is not really much of action, just puzzles."
,Recommended,233230,24179897,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Xebulin,"A Skeleton sits in a chair watching several monitors with different colors, you walk in a white light to get teleported away, some stones under your feet are falling deep below you while others keep you alive, you solve a puzzle which solution is unknown even to the walkthrough, a grey picture of a silhouette of a man follows you and you truly wonder if the sound of stone pushing will ever leave your mind again"
76561198022886387,Recommended,233230,27740173,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sam Cooke,"You might not like Kairo most of the time. It's weird, cryptic and the puzzles are hard or downright confusing. You might still push through as the music and visual style create an atmosphere that is best described as Drone music in video game form. Only in the last two minutes will this game make any sense. It was never about you or the character or the weird setting. It was all about the creator and the battle he probably fought.And I totally can connect with him."
76561198156060555,Recommended,233230,13493979,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Ututat,This game is the sound itself.
76561197999475503,Recommended,233230,14771993,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Mailanka,I found this a haunting experience of exploration and imagery that I often return to when I seek inspiration.  Absolutely worth the 5 bucks.
,Recommended,233230,14773690,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Slimay,This is something from an other world.
76561198133077076,Recommended,233230,14797012,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Name Shmame,"Kairo is a beautiful and at times, mildly unnerving experience.  Exploring unnaturally simplistic, geometric landscapes that feel eerie and somewhat alien seems to make the skin crawl a little.There are times while wandering, I'm made to feel the same way I felt while reading passages of House of Leaves where the author described rooms and corridors larger than the house that contained them.  There's a sense of unease from the environments and sound design that make for an entertaining experience.May not be the right cup of tea for the metrics obsessed, goal collecting gamers out there, but was well worth it for me, especially at the sale price."
,Recommended,233230,15006992,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Dunkrat,"I love love love this game. Although this game has a vague story as well as (mostly) strictly geometrical graphics, Kairo use both to its advantage. If you gather the little symbols around the game, it rewards you with a hidden scene. They help answer some questions while also possibly leaving you with more, yet you also get a lot of room to interpret what's happened to the world you come from and the purpose of the world you currently inhabit. The story /is/ quite minimalistic however.I'm a fan of very abstract trippy scenes, and Kairo has a lot of them. Despite the simple shapes that Kairo is constructed of, the creator really did a good job with making the environments interesting. A really strong point in Kairo is the environment coupled with the use of sound. I really love the strangeness that the sound adds to the atmosphere. There are several structures in Kairo that emit static, random arrays of numbers, and other strange noises.Anyway. Yes, I recomend the game. if you like casual exploration and trippy areas to explore, you'll like it."
76561197980511021,Recommended,233230,14267998,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Hillbilly Tsu,"I did a lot of walking, did a lot of things. I'm not sure where I was walking, nor what the things I did actually achieved, but I did it. Would recommend if you like puzzles and confusing landscape."
,Recommended,233230,14211753,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Ojin,Played Kairo and got the flu.  Threw up my brains and thought about Kairo all night.  Would Kairo again.  10/10
,Recommended,233230,14190098,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Yirba,A fun exploration game featuring intriguing puzzles and a captivating atmosphere.
,Recommended,233230,13218646,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,milokp,"So, Kairo. Who are we?Love children of turn of the century, cubist 3d rendering and island based exploration games? Retro-Future gazing, pre-VR, post-apocalypse lumbering hulk puzzlers? Half the time, with you, I am unaware if you are even puzzeling me at all. Baby I ain't saying your puzzles are obtuse, but when you give me a momentary, fleeting UI, well, baby, I'm as surprised as the YouTube kitten finding out the cake really was a lie. But we can work this out. I wanna know your secrets. Just tell me. Baby just tell me the next 7 and a half hours are going to really rock me, baby. We can make this work."
,Recommended,233230,13219895,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Frosnite,"Looks interesting, albeit unpolished."
,Recommended,233230,6136315,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,[Opti],"This game is bloody brilliant. Fantastic puzzles, Amazing scenery, A mysterious story, Atmosphereic as all hell, and Overall an amzing game. And its only 5 dollars."
,Recommended,233230,13712122,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,RowanSkie,"YESANOTHER PUZZLE GAMEnow with a creepy/soothing/mysterious soundtrack.And no guns!and VR support!and how cool is that...no? Ah, screw you. This game is not like to know, but is to experience.(like what those others say in their own way though.)"
76561198003726789,Recommended,233230,7890365,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,moderno!,"Oh Kairo, you're such a strange little piece of minimalistic nothingness. I payed $1.49 for the game on sale and thats exactly how much i feel like its worth. I enjoyed playing the game but at the same time when I was playing I just wanted to get all the achievements and be done with it. The puzzles were fun, the art was beautiful but the game lacked reasoning & excitement. Don't buy for full price."
,Recommended,233230,288993,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,<M.o.K>Samurai Jack-ing Off,"Wow.Kairo is absolutely stellar. It is ominous, confusing, ethereal, gorgeous, and fascinating.The whole time you play, you're kept curious and driven to discover what is going on, and how all the pieces fit together.The minimalistic design just serves to heighten the sense that this is a strange and alien place. The music, performed by Wounds, lends much of the foreboding nature to the feel of the environments.There is one puzzle that feels artificially difficult and out of place, but the rest are really organic and are wonderful to solve.Absolutely worth a play through."
,Recommended,233230,7343868,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,CLARPUS,A really atmospheric puzzle and exploration game.  I was very impressed with how the environment and your interactions with it tells the narrative.  I found myself crawling all over the areas in this game.  I really like its style.  Very mysterious and unsettling thanks to the excellent soundtrack.
76561198113610783,Recommended,233230,13616334,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Rylai,"Quality puzzle game with puzzles ranging from extremely easy to ""How the hell do I do this!?""The story is a kind of ""figure it out yourself"" story that takes a full playthrough to finally begin undertanding; but its well worth it and the journey is enjoyable.All in all, I recommend it.Enjoy!  :)"
76561198080512558,Recommended,233230,19666078,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Cap'n Rex,"This game is a giant mystery. I had no idea what was going on half of the time, or why they made certain areas the way they did. I think it's a good game, with a nice soundtrack and smooth controls, and it's definitely something to check out."
,Recommended,233230,19832403,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,AHProxy,Kairo is a clever puzzle game with a menacing atmosphere that loses some players due to it's enviromental storytelling.
,Recommended,233230,19771602,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,zerepzerreitug,"I would describe this game as ""uninentionally scary"". I began playing the ""main story"", so to speak, in the afternoon and finished it later at night. And by the end of it I was genuienly spooked at each new level. The landscapes are big and epic, disturbingly lonely and slighly degraded. You feel as if you're walking inside someone else's dream, and at times, their nightmare. Not a scary, jump-scare nightmare. But one of those dreams that, when you wake up you tell yourself: ""Phew! I'm glad I'm back home at last"".In short. This was a very... interesting experience. I would mostly recommend it to those who want to play a small game that makes you feel very different emotions than our regular puzzle games."
76561198076564078,Recommended,233230,7794356,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Arex027,"This is something different about indie games.i don't know why i think about that,but this game is very well made.i recomend to everybody that likes affective indie games,but a lot of people will not findanything ""amaizing"" about it.So,see some videos about it,if you like it buy it,trust me..(sorry for my english) :)"
,Recommended,233230,3386433,"Posted: 30 April, 2013",all,Jen,"An interesting game - I actually like games where the controls are limited as it doesn't leave me thinking, ""Was I supposed to pick up Item A to combine with Item B and use it on Location C?""  The only question I kept asking myself was ""Who poured all this concrete?"""
,Recommended,233230,7810328,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,ozone89,"Very nice MYST-like game.The complete lack of plot and the music, along with the graining overlay, make it a game to be played with headphones and with the lights off O_O"
76561197961212854,Recommended,233230,7997486,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Snookums,Somewhat fitting this really reminds me of the ancient pyramid in the first movie of Stargate.Very nice slow paced FPS Puzzler that has a unique atmosphere.Definately worth the buy if you have an Oculus Rift DK.If only auto run was an option.
,Recommended,233230,8157127,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Andy M. Killa,"This game is nuts.... very minimalistic and there are parts where you'll think ""WTF am I supposed to do?"" and then it clicks and you go ""OOOOhhhhhhhh!!! Damn, very nice"". Purple, Green, Grey, Blue.... I recommend this game to you."
,Recommended,233230,7554877,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,a.t.virginia,"I did it again! Game has intresting immersive world and good a little disturbing atmosphere. Kind of similar to Myst, but... You need to see! Great Soundtrack! It is definietly worth spend couple of hours with. It also seems like developer fixes all bugs and made achievements work."
,Recommended,233230,10237312,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,walranium,"Kairo is an interesting, if ultimately slight, atmospheric puzzle game.  The artwork is all rectangles and circles and simple geometric shapes.  The music exists simply to generate atmosphere.  There is no ""plot,"" but rather a series of puzzles that are to be completed simply because they exist.  The puzzles are generally fairly easy, although there are no real instructions and most of the puzzles require you to use your surroundings to figure out what to do.  In addition the ""secret"" puzzles are a pretty big step up in difficulty and will likely resort to the user having to consult a guide.All of that said, the game succeeds with what it's trying to do.  The atmosphere is engrossing and engaging and the game is neither too easy or too difficult.  It's really a shame it was only 3-4 hours long, 'cause I think it could have been twice as long and not worn out its welcome.Rating: 8/10"
76561198057575588,Recommended,233230,12285255,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Roflface,"Kairo is a game about exploration and puzzle-solving, but it is also much more than that. Kairo is something that demands your full attention. It is a game that you play in the dark, all alone. You won't be killing zombies or assassinating kings in Kairo, but you will be exploring a strange, impossible world filled with perplexing architecture.The ambiance is unsettling, and even threatening at times. The music (written by Wounds) is alienating and absolutely beautiful. The graphics are simple, but this simplicity fits in perfectly in making you feel that you are truly in a foreign world; a place you do not understand. For those of us with low end computers, you'll find this to be a pleasantly smooth running game.At its core Kairo is a puzzle game. Some puzzles are easy and won't strain you too badly, but others are so hard it's almost unrealistic to think any player could solve them on their own (looking at you, Clock Room). Each puzzle is intuitive though, and they always make sense after you solve them (even you, Clock Room).Luckily if you get hopelessly stuck, each puzzle has three hints and the solution to help you along.The story is what really ties the elements of Kairo together. From the start you'll have many questions: Where am I? Why am I here? WHO am I? Will these questions be answered? Well, that depends on you. There is little to no dialogue in Kairo. The story is expressed entirely through the environment and the things that you see. If you want to understand this place you're in, then you must actively think about the actions you take, and how they're affecting the world around you. There are answers to your questions, but Kairo leaves it entirely up to you to find them. If you take the time to uncover the mystery, you'll be glad that you did.Kairo is a game that not everyone will love. But for those who do, it is a masterpiece. It is the kind of game that sticks with you long after you finish it. I wholeheartedly recommend Kairo."
,Recommended,233230,12286299,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,"Arthur ""Two-Sheds"" Jackson",Minimalist exploration puzzle game. Plays in the same vein as antichamber or naissancee. The world is beautifully designed and the puzzles will make you think.
,Recommended,233230,11094813,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,screamthequeen,"While the mouse sensitivity was a bit offputting, the game was overall gorgeous and very involving. For the ridiculously cheap price it is a lot of gameplay, puzzles, and environment! I defintely recommend!"
76561198076478073,Recommended,233230,11087614,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,BIG FUN,"Eerie, beautiful, mesmerizing. A true work of art."
76561198052370798,Recommended,233230,10987008,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Handsome Ich,"I've only played a little of this game so far, but it is very interesting, for sure. Although, there are some problems with it. There are some pretty obvious visual errors, but they're all very minor. Nothing gamebreaking, but obvious, such as a few lighting errors and occasional clipping. Those aside, its very visually pleasing. From what I've played, the puzzles are very straight forward, but they aren't mindnumbingly simple or boring. I actually like it from the short amount that I've played it, but I hope that something else happens as the game goes on."
76561198024980613,Recommended,233230,11055397,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Inky_Petrel,I'm really enjoying this :)  It's dreamlike and slightly creepy.  I still haven't discovered everything yet.
76561198002203999,Recommended,233230,10798589,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,baka.sekai,"“It seems to me there is so much more to the world than the average eye is allowed to see. I believe if you look hard, there are more wonders in this universe than you could ever have dreamed of. It's colour! Colour that holds the key! I can hear the colours, listen to them. Every time I step outside, I feel nature is shouting at me. Come on! Come and get me! Come on! Capture my mystery!”– Vincent van Gogh to the Eleventh Doctor"
,Recommended,233230,10891967,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Trachalio,"Abstract, obtuse, and low-fi... but in all the best ways. Totally enjoyed this weird gem of a game :)"
,Recommended,233230,10893280,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,The Fat Gay Sex Hog (m2f),Graphically Facinating
76561198042103424,Recommended,233230,11038765,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Grimoire,"Kairo is actually one of the better puzzle games that I've played, blending atmosphere with mystery and tossing a few challenging puzzles in between. Many of the early puzzles are not particularly challenging, mostly consisting of pushing a chair or something, but they do gradually get more challenging. The atmosphere is great, always slightly creepy but not scary. the graphics aren't exactly next gen, but in a manner similar to minecraft, the game itself makes the grainy, blocky, dream world all the more special. Overall, I enjoyed Kairo immensely. I would recommend this to anybody who likes a good puzzle and a good atmosphere (basically, if you liked Portal, you will probably like this too). Totally worth it for the 2 bucks I paid for it."
,Recommended,233230,10961825,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,hardcastlemccormick,"A quiet, sometimes discomforting world of shapes and sounds that move and interact. A simple Myst with an alien world. Short, thoughtful, and strange. Either aggressive or relaxing architecture.The good sort of abstract art that can't be summarized or explained, but it can be identified mentally and rolled around the mind."
76561197974281429,Recommended,233230,10982262,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,W. Crispy,"It's a neat little game for what it is.  Some of the puzzles are really difficult and non-intuitive.  We're all used to games holding our hands in the beginning, training us for a little while until things progress in difficulty, but this game doesn't do that.  The puzzles aren't connected in any kind of order.  The level design is minimalistic, serving only to host the puzzles for the most part, more like a tech demo you'd see for a kickstarter project to entice fans.The ""story"" is purposefully left widely open to player interpretation but it won't blow your mind in any real way.  You can tell the concept that inspired the designer to create the game is there but probably fell short of what he really wanted to do in the final product we're getting.  I could see him making a sequel and really fleshing out something from this game.The game is more artsy and vague than a flowing linear story.  It reminded me of playing Myst back in the day.  You'll find puzzles with solutions located in completely different unrelated areas.  Everything you need to solve the puzzles are located in the game for the most part, but for those of us going into this as a casual time sink just wanting to blast through it will need to look up some solutions to get all the achievements for sure.  If you get it on sale for a couple of dollars it's worth it.  It took longer than I thought it would to complete the game in its entirety, but not in an overly frustrating way.  It was a pleasant surprise."
,Recommended,233230,12952194,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ุ,"I have no words other than ""amazing"" to describe this game. Beautiful, mind provoking, and awe inspiring.Would be glad to buy it at full price any day, very much worth it."
,Recommended,233230,10812665,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ethepriest,"At first I thought this was another weird artsy fartsy game, but man, was I proved wrong. It's a semi-complex first person puzzle game that boasts a stylish yet minimalistic design that keeps you intrigued. Albeit, at times, the graphics can look a bit bland or bad, I overlook the aforementioned flaws because of how interesting the game is. A few of the puzzles actually require a bit of thinking as opposed to just flat out putting pieces wherever you feel they go. Luckily, there is a hint option in the pause screen. I had been eyeing this game for a while and saw it go on sale a couple of days ago. I highly recommend this game if you are intrigued by visual puzzles."
,Recommended,233230,13278555,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,overld,"Atmospheric game in which you are trying to activate all the machinery.  The puzzles are good, and except for one special puzzle, they were solvable from the game.  Some were easier than others.  Very interesting look.  Took me around 6 hours to complete the entire game."
,Recommended,233230,13263624,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Toadrill,"I bought this looking for a pure exploration/discovery game, was not disappointed. Fantastic game."
76561198169763307,Recommended,233230,19173789,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Sankari,"If you enjoy slow, dream-like games, interesting puzzles and exploring new places, this game is definitely for you."
,Recommended,233230,19452791,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,properjackson,It messed me up a bit.
76561198102121593,Recommended,233230,19862366,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,teexuan,A pretty simple game with nice puzzles. Simple puzzles. Nothing too complicated so it is suitable to play to de-stress. Would be nicer with a storyline though...
,Not Recommended,233230,20996927,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,jolarti,"This is not Myst..... I've been looking for first-person immersive puzzle games (and I'm desperately waiting for Obduction to come out) but... Kairo did not turn out to be a true puzzle game, nor is it immersive. I thought it would great to have a block puzzle environment, without any living elements in it (like silly waivy grass and purposely quaint creatures), and to just be left with puzzles. But this game doesn't have actual *puzzling* puzzles. You can 'solve' almost everything by accidentally bumping into walls.The odd thing is: I LOVE minimalism, futurism, ambient music and... Tetris. But Kairo did not captivate me at all. I'm going back to playing Myst and Rhem on my nearly dead old Macs now..."
76561198116969996,Recommended,233230,20834535,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Caldizar The Master of Reality,I recommend this game to anyone who wants an atmospheric puzzle adventure. the story you'll have to work out for yourself. but one thing is true....earth is dead....and only Kairo can save it.
,Recommended,233230,2897556,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,X_kot,"An atmospheric platform-puzzler that provides a wide variety of challenges.  Each puzzle is self-contained, so there's no keycard hunting or FedEx quests here.  It's a visual treat with minimal story."
76561198261506852,Recommended,233230,20976145,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,mitchgravely,I enjoyed playing this game but it does not take very long to completely beat! I wish it was longer!
76561198131406831,Recommended,233230,21069966,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,The Sandune Connoisseur,I THOUGHT I WAS TURNING ON AN ILLUMINATI DEATHRAY THE WHOLE ENTIRE TIME BUT IT TURNS OUT I WASN'TSTILL 10/10
,Recommended,233230,21118066,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,badawat,"I'll keep it short... one of my favourite games ever! Great, puzzles, a story that's inferred through geography and exploration and really cool soundtrack. Imaginative production design and game/puzzle design too. I think about this game a lot and wish there were more like it!!! More please!"
,Recommended,233230,21356037,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,PolyFez,One of the most calm and relaxing game I have ever played.
,Recommended,233230,21516582,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,whitephoenix,Minimalistic horror game without jumpscares... or horror.
76561198008208203,Recommended,233230,20378159,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Merkzoh,"Very bizzare and intriguing game. If you liked Antichamber, you'll be into this too. I played this game about 2 years ago and still think about it."
,Recommended,233230,20017245,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,-=TheDoctor=-,"A strange, short, intriguing little game. I'd say I enjoyed it for the most part.Gameplay: The puzzles are usually pretty decent and not too difficult to figure out. However, there are times when it takes too much trial and error and guesswork rather than intuition and observation. I played through this with a walkthrough open in another tab because I found myself getting frustrated with certain puzzles. Most of them, however, are pretty straightforward. Besides the puzzles, this game is a walking simulator with some interesting environments.Graphics: Nothing special. It runs well and is ocassionally pretty to look at, but is mostly pretty bland.Level Design: The environments are neat but I felt like it could've been designed better and been more polished. I've played loads of other trippy indie games such as this, and this one really felt like it was lacking in level design creativity. Most of the environments are pretty blocky and boring, and every room is a different shade of one color.Story: As is common with these strange indie games, the story isn't too important. From what I gathered, you're exploring old ruins and contraptions and you're reactivating them, bringing life back to these environments. That's the jist, it's nothing special.Overall, I enjoyed the experience, and the length was just about right. If it had gone on longer I feel like I would've gotten sick of it. There's lots of secrets to keep you busy if you're an achievment hunter, but the gameplay wasn't interesting enough for me to find all of the secrets. Get it on a sale if you're into these kinds of games. 6/10"
,Recommended,233230,20687171,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Walpy,"Good puzzles. Some was easy, some requied time to think, some (really hard) I left unsolved (yeah, I gave up easilly)To proseed the main game scenario, you have solve middle complexity puzzles, you don't have to solve them all (that's a plus for the game).Good soundtrack. Well, sometimes I felt a lack of it. In such cases, I usually turn on something on my own (ambient would be appropriate here), but not this time. The Silence. Silence of dead world. Only ruins of forgotten ancient civilization. Only you and your thoughts. Sometimes you can here someone voice. Man repeating ""zero"" or counting in russian ""five, six, seven"". But these voices also dead. Just echo of this long dead world.Good atmosphere. All that place remind me of piramids. Acient civilization, secret knowledges way beyond ours. But devistated world. Looks like one of scenario of human race.If my memmory correct, kairo translates from Japanese as ""going back home"" or smth like that. But you here all alone. In world, that was prosperous, rich, just like ours, but then... wars... doesn't seems like that... they learn lesson of war, I think... devastation... may be it happend with human race.SummaryPuzzles + atmosphere + depression + creepy. Not masterpice, but totaly worth one long night on your own. And tottaly worth it's money.P.S. Sorry, I know my review a bit... a lot fragmented. Just sometimes hard to put words logically, esspecially on alien to you language"
,Recommended,233230,20616132,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,spikywarkitten,"I liked it.The game has a nice surreal ambiance and sorta eerie music. You walk through majestic and mysterious places solving puzzles, some simple, some that might need a google search. Only once did I actually need a google search to help me solve a puzzle (turns out i was right about how to solve it, was just applying it incorrectly). Solving every secret and puzzle, especially those not required to beat the game, will definitely take an internet search to finish.Gameplay only requires moving and the rare jump and nothing else. There are no other requirements, all puzzles are solved with simply walking, and buttons/interactive objects are used simply by walking up to/on them. The simplicity of both gameplay and the story telling is not for everyone, but I personally loved the game.I would recommend this game for people who enjoying exploring and doing unrequired things in games and also enjoy puzzles and deep thinking. If you prefer very linear and directed gameplay or don't enjoy going outside of the main story to explore, you probably will dislike the game."
,Recommended,233230,16949614,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,MediaMagnet,"Having took my second trip through the world that is Kairo, I feel I can write a review.Buy it.That is all."
,Recommended,233230,17658032,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,ThePhantomSafetyPin,"Kairo is a slow-paced puzzle game in a similar vein to Myst, if Myst didn't have all the annoying pixel-hunting and weren't a point and click game. Its atmosphere is surreal, strange, and overwhelmingly lonesome. That's the big word I think I'd use to describe this game - lonesome, and that lonesomeness becomes more and more eerie the further you go into the game. You are the only living thing in Kairo - everything else is a hollow, dead fascimile, with archetecture eerily reminiscent of human construction and yet alien enough you might think you woke up in R'lyeh. The world of Kairo is a small world that feels massive, alien, and completely dead... and I love it to pieces and back.Wandering through the surreal and beautifully eerie world of Kairo is very relaxing, the puzzles are very intuitive and can easily be solved with a little thought, and the simple design really makes it feel like you're stranded. And yet, solving the puzzles is so satisfying, satisfying in that ""I'm a goddamned genius!"" sort of way. The range of feelings you get from Kairo goes from triumph, curiosity, and awe to fright, paranoia, and hopelessness - and what is art if not something that makes you feel deeply? Anyone who claims video games aren't art has never played this, and that's a damn shame. Did I mention that the music and the game's design is just so surrealistically gorgeous?Seriously, BUY THIS GAME. It's maybe $5 for a wonderful little piece of surrealistic artwork that recaptures the eerie loneliness and thirst for adventure that Myst did so many years ago in 1992. Kairo is a gem of an indie puzzle game, and anyone who is a fan of surreal artwork, puzzle games, and games where you chill and wander for a bit will love this. You really do owe it to yourself to play it at least once. Who knows? It may become one of your favorite games, just like it has for me."
76561198112008554,Not Recommended,233230,17663663,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,matbrittn,"Its a scenery game that is poorly vr compatible, it does work but the game consists of dozens of teleport points at each of which you need to re exit the game and reposition the screen, if patience isnt your thing then this game isnt good for you."
,Not Recommended,233230,13989157,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a some kind of a puzzle walk simulator game.Interface/Menu/SettingsThe game will only ask you for the language once. There are 5 different languages.There are many different resolution sizes available.There is a volume slidebar available.There is a look sensitivty available.You can play with a xbox controller.About the game.So you are dropped into this game and you will have no clue what it is about or what to do. Most of the puzzles are pretty annoying and the game feel really bland. Even if you have manage to complete a puzzle, you will not feel that you will get rewarded for it. You will feel that you are just playing a boring walking simulator game with no impacts and progression at all.Graphics are not catchy and boring.Sound is minimalistic.Clunky control movement.Character is ""sliding"" and not walking.There are hints available.Feels really bland/empty.Other things.None.-------------------I Give this game a 2/10"
,Recommended,233230,30988185,Posted: 6 April,all,nassi,"Even if the bland and desolate landscapes compliment the theme of the game, at some points it was taken too far and made some parts quite a chore. The storyline puzzles were of good difficulty, but for the hidden puzzles I had to consult a guide. Perhaps they would've been doable with careful note taking. The runes were of OK difficulty, although I only realized they existed at the end of the first area.Ran smoothly on my 2955U (1.4 GHz dualcore) 2GB RAM machine using the PS3 SIXAXIS controller via xboxdrv. Controls were decent enough, although the character had quite a bit of momentum. In my opinion the run could've been used by default while holding a button had made the character walk.TL;DR: A decent game if you like some FPS adventuring and puzzle solving. Bought at a discount, but even the asking price isn't bad for what the game offers."
76561198209556341,Recommended,233230,30992821,Posted: 7 April,all,luciddreamer,Playing this game is like a journey to a strange world or being in a lucid dream. The setting and music make the atmosphere oneiric.
,Recommended,233230,28886211,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Acurox,"I enjoyed kairo. It was a really cool puzzle game, and although it was really short, I was satisfied with it. The abstract minimalist environments and the great music really added to the atmosphere of the game. That being said, the normal ending was pretty bad, but I don't think that's reason enough for a negative review. You should buy this game if you like stylish games like journey or abzu, but for people who like puzzle solving games, the puzzles in this one are a bit easy and tedious at times."
76561198315655557,Recommended,233230,31001888,Posted: 7 April,all,Kakeisalie,"It's like Dark Souls if you took out the RPG stuff and replaced it with puzzles. Explore some sort of ruins, fix some machines and hope for the best, and hopefully figure out what's going on.You get what you pay for, though, and this really is only worth about a tenth of a AAA title at best. There are similarly priced games that are more bang for your bulk, but there's something to be said for lighter fare. It's like getting a salad instead of a burger. Buy at your own discretion, but it would make a good thing to show someone not very into gaming, like a kid or a parent."
76561198208821376,Recommended,233230,31029734,Posted: 8 April,all,sfeister,"My wife and I had a blast playing this game! We loved the creativity and open-world style of it. It reminded me a lot of the spirit of Myst and Riven from my childhood. No hand-holding! The puzzles were challenging, and we got stuck on several. After enough wandering, though, we could always figure it out -- well, almost always."
,Recommended,233230,16437880,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,A Good Nut,"This was a very immersive, moving, puzzling, and overall good game. A bit melancholy and eerie though, if that's not your thing. Worth picking up on sale. 3ish hours if youjust play, who knows how long if u go for all the secrets. Great to play in the wee hours of the morning."
76561198063926447,Recommended,233230,27388529,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Roughbark,Pros:- static- number stations- Einstein's portrait- gongs- Plinko- the space shuttle- camping- amino acids- feelings similar to lucid dreamsCons:- monophobia
76561198116740887,Recommended,233230,32170791,Posted: 4 June,all,Gantzpup,so worth the money
76561198247561238,Recommended,233230,21037205,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Lil Uzi Vert,crapped my pants
76561198053147251,Recommended,233230,5626848,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Astaroth,"Very deep and immersive game. The design is beautiful. The puzzles aren't really enough to get you stuck, but just enough to get you thinking. An amazing game in all aspects I think. Highly recommend it to anyone who prefers story and design over involved gameplay. I give it a 20/10."
,Recommended,233230,31146717,Posted: 14 April,all,gribbely,"Egyptolog high on LSD simulator.Ok, jokes away. We play as egyptolog, that sleeps and in his dreams he explores the infernal world of Kairo with its islands flying in the abyss and egyptian mythology elements, where he brings back strange machinery to life. When you play this game, you don't think about the point of your deeds, you just use logic to solve puzzles. The ambient only helps the atmosphere, which is great for a free-to-play indie and when I finished it, the cargo of minds from this game was so big that I thunk for a long time: is it just a game or all these puzzles, egyptian glyphs and music contain some message?Symbolism/10"
,Recommended,233230,35263480,Posted: 28 September,all,Matthme,"Beautiful puzzle game, some puzzles are quite tricky but not so hard it puts you off"
,Not Recommended,233230,35413634,Posted: 2 October,all,h i t l e r,"Boring, bought it on sale for 1 euro, which probably should be the normal price anyway, and even that is a bit expensive for the experience.I found it to be repetitive, pretty basic, not really challenging, unpolished, the controls work weirdly and it was a bit glitchy on Linux. I found myself pushing to keep progressing with hopes of getting hooked up at some point. Didn't happen. Feels like wasted time.Meh. At least it was just 1 euro. Next time ill get some sunflower seeds."
