user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,233290,10336458,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Chicago Falcon,"I've now finished the game so i've updated my review.This game is a lot of fun, not sure why the professional reviewers hate it so much. Maybe they're expecting it to be a fast-paced action game or something like that which it definitely isn't.It's a detective game with an interesting story and characters that draws you in. It's also pretty novel in that you're playing a criminal-turned-detective's ghost who's trying to find the identity of his killer. You spend the game collecting clues to figure out your killer's identity while stopping along the way to help out other lost souls in little sidequests where you figure out how they died so they can pass on. There are also lots of collectibles, some of which provide background for the story, such as notes left by the main character's wife, or that unlock stories about unsolved crimes connected to hauntings. You end up collecting a lot of clues and you have to figure out which ones will help you solve whatever crime you're working on. They make sense and its fun. I've noticed a few negative reviews saying the clues don't make sense and you end up just clicking on everything till you get it right. I only did this once at the beginning of the game...and all I can say is, try thinking a bit and paying attention before just mashing your mouse. If you do this, you'll pretty quickly get a feel for how the clues work in the game and figure out which ones are useles. You can also posess the living, and while you can't move them, you can help them remember and eavesdrop on their conversations or thoughts. You can, however, posess cats which allow you to reach places you can't reach on your own. Everything about the game makes sense...you can't walk through the outdoor walls of buildings that have been consecrated, the demons you have to sneak past to take down from behind are souls who never passed on, etc. The mood the game sets just enhances the experience, being creepy and immersive.Overall, this game is a lot of fun. Story is great, gameplay is fun, voice acting is well done. Having finished the game now, the story is a pretty good detective story, with everything falling satisfyingly into place at the end and a few neat twists. There are only a few drawbacks: the graphics aren't the best, but they're still decent (especially the lip synching); sometimes when you posess someone and listen to their thoughts you'll hear the same thought in different people; the parts where you have to sneak behind demons and take them out can be a bit tedious. However, all these are definitly worth overlooking.The other drawback is that the game is a bit short. I finished it in 7 hours, and if you check out my achievements you'll see I didn't get 100% completion. I did all the side-quests and found as many collectibles as I could. You could probably stretch it out to 10 hours if you wanted 100% completion which seems totally possible in a single playthrough. Its up to you to decide whether a 7-10 hour game is worth $60 or if you want to wait for a sale.In short, if you like story-driven games, or mystery/adventure games then you'll probably like this game. If you want this game to be a gritty shooter, then go buy Max Payne instead, because you won't get that with this game. Having finished it, I would now give it between a 7 and an 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,233290,18419391,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Tom,"Murdered: Soul Suspect is an adventure detective game, which was released in mid-2014 on PC, PS3, PS4, 360 and Xbox One. The game was developed by Airtight Games; which hadn't released anything worthwhile for a while before this game.You play the role of detective Ronan O'Connor, based in a town called Salem in USA. The story is based around hunting down a serial killer by the name of ""The Bell Killer"". Ronan is killed by the serial killer at the beginning of the game and you are revived as a ghost and must find the killer before he can move on to the afterlife.The game is played in a third person view as you wander around the town of Salem, the town is split into a couple of separate areas, such as churches, graveyards petrol stations etc. As you progress through the story, you learn a few different abilities, such as being able to teleport yourself short distances, being able to possess other living beings allowing you to read their minds or being able to influence their decisions in dialog scenes. The main game play element is solving the mystery of the killer; you do this by investigating the crime scenes for clues on the killer, and trying to predict their next move. This takes on a similar way of doing things as games like LA Noire has done; in that you have to find specific items of evidence scattered, and sometimes hidden around the crime scene in order for you to put them all together in order to resolve the scene. This can lead to quite a few moments of where you need to study all the evidence put in front of you in order to solve it giving it a real detective vibe.On top of these detective scenes, there is a small element of combat in the game - as you are a ghost, living humans are not able to detect you; however the demon souls of the death world can. You have to remain hidden to these ghosts in shadows before being able to pounce out behind them to kill them by pressing a few key sequences in a small QTE - these combat scenes are very few and far between however and aren't really anything to rave about as they become very monotonous as you progress in the story.Visually, Murdered: Soul Suspect looks nice. The whole game takes place in the time frame of one evening, so the darkness of night gives the game a very eerie feel to it. It doesn't have ultra-realistic graphics, but all of the characters are well animated. There are a couple of poor quality textures, however given that this is a sort of open world game, this can be forgiven somewhat.The story in Murdered: Soul Suspect is something really special. From the opening scene, I was completely drawn into the plot and was able to fully immerse myself in this world being unfolded in front of me. As you progress, you come across other characters who aid Ronan in his efforts to solve the mystery and you grow attached to them too. The story is 100% linear though; there are no game changing decisions which you have to make which disappointed me slightly. But the overall plot which is being shown here is really interesting.As this game is being categorized in the horror genre, I would of expected a little more from the sound effects, but I was let down by the fact that there isn't anything really that scary in Murdered: Soul Suspect; the scariest I came across was the demon's you encounter; and even they are tame and the lack of any jump scares or horrifying scenes was a let-down too. Every character you find in the game is fully voice acted to a high quality though. None of the voicing sounds off or cringy which is always a plus.I found that there was next to zero levels of difficulty in Soul Suspect; the lack of any real combat leaves this game without any skill element, and is purely based on your ability to solve the crime scenes by finding the relevant clues - I was able to resolve all of the crime scenes with a 3 star rating 99% of the time (you are scored out of three). The hardest point I found has to be due to the game's controls which I will go into on the technical issues section of this review.Murdered: Soul Suspect is a vast open world game; you are able to go wherever you want, whenever you want (within reason). There is absolutely tons of stuff to explore and investigate not related to the main plot. There are a number of side investigations you can complete in the early chapters, but these slowly become less and less common as you progress and focus more on the main plot. Another huge part of this game is finding the collectables; this has to be the game with the most collectables in I have ever played - there are hundreds to find.  Each level has its own version of collectable items, and there are also the overall games collectables which unveil even more about the main character's past, and information about the killer. Due to the fact that there are so many of these to find; I felt a little overwhelmed by trying to find them all and just sort of with the approach of picking any up which I come across whilst completing the investigations.I finished Murdered: Soul Suspect in just over thirteen hours; this was with doing all of the side investigations, and collecting over a hundred collectables. I also took the time to playout all of the dialog options with all of the characters and spent a lot of time exploring the town of Salem. Sadly though; there is no reason what so ever to play through this game for a second time; you are not able to change the story in anyway nor are you able to ramp up the difficulty simply because there is no difficulty there in the firstI had a couple of technical problems whilst playing. Firstly I was playing on my high end rig, on 1080p settings and even though the majority of the time the frame rate was over 100 fps, it still felt like it was stuttering at times. I had to play with v-sync off because otherwise this locked gameplay to 30fps which looked horrendous. Cut scenes are also played out in 30fps in the game graphics, which makes the transitions between gameplay and cut scenes feel a little off too. The game's controls during the combat scenes also came across as clunky too; I often found myself not actually completing the QTE presented because it's not clear which buttons you have to press and what you can let go of which meant a lot of running and hiding from the demons due to failed attempts at killing them.  Finally the last issue I had was there are quite a few invisible walls to be found to, these often are in places where you would not expect them, leading to moments where you'll find you are suddenly floating in mid-air because you've walked into a wall and are trying to climb up it - this is something which can affect the immersion of the game and it's a shame that it is still in it given it's been out for well over a year now.I am going to recommend Murdered: Soul Suspect; it has an amazing story which you really do need to experience in order to fully appreciate it, and has an original concept. The linear gameplay, lack of any many action scenes, and a couple of technical issues renders me unable to recommend it more than just that, a recommendation to play. The full price of £19, 99 is also slightly over marked too, so you may even want to wait for it to hit the sales before purchasing.Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Not Recommended3) Only recommended when on sale4) Recommended5) Highly recommended6) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/http://store.steampowered.com/app/233290/"
,Recommended,233290,16020578,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"An uncommon title, yet it suffers some shortcomings // Recommended for those who seek a story-rich experience**You'd likely prefer it at sale price+ Voice-acting is excellent+ Facial movements and lip synchronization are above average+ Character makes a ghostly 'impression' on walls and objects as they are passed through; this makes it easy to keep track of areas previously visited+ Mechanics in place to facilitate ones investigation are inventive and refreshing+ Ephemeral bits of Salem's past look fantastic, and work with the mortal world to create a uniquely hybrid environment+ Disposing of demons is a somewhat satisfying experience, and is the only time in the game that really requires situational awareness and a tactical approach+ 'Unfinished business' side-quests are interesting and well-scripted+ While Ronan isn't exactly a unique, well-written character (he isn't), he and Joy are, at least, well fleshed-out and see a satisfying level of development throughout the story+ Successfully creates a dark and unsettled atmosphere; gameplay is very immersive- Choices are meaningless, and funnel into a solitary conclusion- Puzzles/Crime scene investigations require almost no thinking, and the solutions are always quite obvious- NPC models are shamefully copy/pasted- Due to linear story and few 'off the beaten path' collectibles and additions, there is little replay value to speak of- While unique and interesting, the historical remnants of the environment serve only to limit exploration in practiceLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Not Recommended,233290,14117394,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Ann-Marie_D,"From the first article I read about this game I was hooked. Investigating your own murder and other crime scenes as a ghost? Yes please! The idea seemed so original and any screen shots I had seen looked awesome.So I get the game and the first half hour is awesome. You'll have fun getting used to the controls and your own abilities as a ghost, but it didn't take me long to lose interest in walking through walls and making printers/TV's malfunction because at the end of the day, you rarely stumble across anything interesting or you get little to no reaction from the living people in the area. I mean come on! if I'm a ghost I want to be able to scare the living. Not just distract them from guarding that door for 20 seconds.So let's get down to the things that really got on my nerves.(1) Gameplay - It gets repetitive. Honestly, you'll find yourself running across the city/buildings where  your obstacles will be either one of  two things.- Oh there's a demon there? better sneak up on them and extract their soul.Or- Oh would you look at that, a fiery pit straight to hell is blocking my path. Luckily for me there's  this person here I can possess, who's sole propose seems to be walking down this hall for the rest of their lives.Oh which leads me to another thing, if you give us the ability to read minds, actually have the characters think interesting stuff that's personal to them, instead of the same thing like, ""Oh its cold outside"" or ""I hope they find that killer"" Seriously, a little variety never killed anyone. (There's a pun in there somewhere.)(2) Skills/abilities - You will pick up skills as the story progresses, skills like teleportation....eh and umm teleportation. So on top of being able to posses people,(and don't be fooled, the most exciting thing you might get them to do is move their hand from blocking that page you want to read.) reveal the events that lead up to peoples deaths and maybe another ability that I have forgotten about, that leaves you with about 5 (give or take) skills. Not much and nothing that's gonna make you sit up and go F*** Yeah!! with excitement, which is disappointing.(3) NPC's - If we were back in the early 2000's I might forgive this but there is a serious lack of character models for the npc's (there's about four different character's for each sex, who will either have  one of three different voices, all of whom usually say the same dialogue.)(4) Collectables - For example once you've collected the 15 or whatever amount of saws, a memory is unlocked. Now considering some of these can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to collect, you'd expect maybe a flash back to the event. You know a cutscene, an animation. No, what you get is one image that is some what relateable to the story, with a bunch of  text in front of it (and I mean a bunch) and possibly the most life draining narration I've ever had to injure.(5) Game length - The game is short! I finished it in under 10 hours and this is coming from someone who went out of her way to find as many collectables and whatever other extras there was. (Near the end I gave up, not caring any more and just wanted to finish the game so I stopped putting in any effort.) So for someone who'd only be interested in the story you might be able to get this game finished in 6-7 hours.(6) Connecting crime scene clues. - Honestly I don't know how to describe this. Once you collect all the clues you'll be brought to a window that asks you a question. You have to click on a clue (or three) that answers that question. Being the generation brought up on CSI you're more than likely going to put on your Horatioto glasses and think long and hard about the choices and outcomes. My advice don't. Pick the clue that when you read it you think ""Nah, that's not even a clue. more like a statement/common sense."" Watch a lets play of one of these, you'll see what I'm talking about.(7) Deus Ex desktop screens - Awesome the first computer screen I saw it on but when every police officer in the station seems to be playing Deus Ex on their work computer no wonder you haven't found the killer.Whoa, okay I've complained a lot about this game. I don't want to come off too hard on it. There are some pro's.Pro'sSpooky S*** - There are some legitimate scary scenes and dark deaths and twists in this game. Some that will really make you feel for the characters.Villian - I never wanted to punch someone in the face more. Well done on making a completle d*** of a villian.You get to posses a cat. Press A to meow.Okay I ran out of pro's..... but it isn't that bad. To me I feel that the idea behind the story had so much potential but failed to deliver. The end result is that it seems lazy and half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ which you will feel while playing the game. It's worth a play through but do not buy this at full price.Last word: If Patrick Swayze was a cop in Ghost and Whoopi Goldberg an annoying emo teenager this would basically be the game adaptation."
,Recommended,233290,18837812,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Faudraline,"“Justice will not be served until those who are unaffected are as outraged as those who are.” ― Benjamin FranklinMurdered: Soul Suspectis a one shot wonder coming from Airtight Games; the last game they developed before closing their doors in July 2014. It is a wondrous detective story with a supernatural background that takes place in the timeline of one evening in Salem, present time. Salem? Does that ring any ""bells""?Aside my unintentionally cheesy joke, this game is about Ronan O'Connor, an ex-con and street dog turned his way straight and decided to become a detective to atone for all his past misdeeds, with a pretty gal for him to impress in the mix, of course. The events of our game start with the untimely demise of our main character. We watch Ronan as his life passes before his eyes in a stream of memories - recorded on his body as tattoos representing milestones in his life. The Bell Killer, notorious serial killer who was terrorizing Salem for months now, killed Ronan. But surprisingly, this is the beginning for him rather than an end. Now, he is a ghost, stuck in between worlds until he manages to solve his own murder. Ronan's persistence to seek the truth will take him through an old, dark ordeal in Salem history: Salem Witch Trials.As I continue, I have to note that I loved the character of Ronan O'Connor himself. Aside being an ordinary bad boy, he has vulnerabilities, character flaws and a short temper. His death isn't even heroic as most main characters in video games as we see nowadays. He just ventures out, without having anything to loose and without a thought; and bang! He ends up getting hunted and falling to his death. We are able to read an in-depth backstory for Ronan, with Julie's perception from many collectible memory notes within the game, and put together, it portrays the story of a life. I salute developers for presenting Ronan as an original character, different from any darkened vigilante or street thug. As I was playing, I found myself recalling Mickey O'Neil, a gypsy character that Brad Pitt portrayed in Guy Ritchie'sSnatch: a reckless and wild rascal, a swindler with a golden heart. He feels much real than any old book knight in shining armor, at least for me.If we are to talk about the atmosphere, well, sure. It is a success. Graphics and textures are impressive, alongside the modelling of each and every character. The game manages to present you the feel of an open world: the ghostly, dark remains of the old Salem clashing with the modern, physical environment, Airtight presents us a ghost's perception. It is uncanny and impressive. Combined with a successful voice acting for all characters present: this game is basically L.A. Noire quality with less action packed and more on the supernatural side.Gameplay? Sure, it's nothing extraordinary. We run about the town - collecting a huge number of collectibles for either background story, or some independent creepy ghost stories, or trivial facts about Salem history if we feel like so, by the way - and try to predict the movements of the killer. We even gain a living side-kick as we progress: Joy, a snarky teenage who will become our involuntary aid in the world of the living. There are three defining elements to the game: item collecting, demon hunting and investigation. None of these parts are incredibly well-put, but the story being absorbing, you keep playing. Investigations are quite basic, with little to no chance of guessing wrong and combat section consists of a basic stealth kill for some demons in each new area. Could have been much more, but I won't complain.Is it worth your time? It surely is, but still I'd recommend grabbing it on sale, so 30 dollars would be a grand exaggeration for what you're getting yourself. The greatest plus of the game for me, was its story. For one time, I really wasn't able to guess the ending, and the precise position of characters involved. I so hope that Ronan's story wouldn't end here. Would it be so much to hope for? Well, we'll see.Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
76561198063955453,Not Recommended,233290,16935903,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Naya Papaya,"Ah, Soul Suspect. The trailer alone had me clapping my hands from excitement. However, there's a lot to say about the game itself.The concept seems unique at first; a murdered cop who is forced to solve his own murder before he can pass on to the other side, where he can be reunited with his dead wife. It's not an angle you see often. That being said, the game feels empty when it comes to gameplay and the semi-original plot can't make up for it. It feels like all your abilities seem to have huge potential and you have fun playing with them for an hour or so, excited about what more you can do along the way. Then you realise that you're limited to distracting people with flashing lights and walking through a wall (but not all walls, only some walls, obviously) every now and again.You also have the ability to possess people, which seems wicked awesome at first. You can possess pretty much anyone you meet and you have the options of mind reading or influencing them. However, the reality of possession is that you possess a person, read their mind and they're like ""Oh man, it's sort of chilly today"" or ""I hate my job"" and you lose interest pretty fast when that's all you hear.In the end, I'm unsure about whether or not to recommend this game. It's visually pleasing, the voice acting is decent and the idea behind it is worth the time. But the final product is just not satisfying in the long run.Murdered: Soul Suspect is another one of those games that you should get if it's 60-75% off, but it's not worth the full price. Overall, it's like a lukewarm bowl of pudding. It's not entirely done and feels a little lacking, but hey, it's still pudding in the end."
76561198080038125,Recommended,233290,12791885,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Hexvex,"7.5/10 Very Good game , but id recommend buying it on sale.A mix of Alan Wake meets LA Noire and has a baby delivered by Bigby Wolf with the whole thing being recorded by Nicholas Cage on a 8mm film, and Jennifer Love Hewitt standing by to help all the ghosts watching cross over.PROS:- Good mystery story and atmosphere- Lots of collecting- Very interesting system and dynamic of game while playing as ghost- Dark undertone of story- Enjoyable graphics and pretty smooth gameplay imo ( had only 1 minor bug fixed by reloading )CONS:- very little and very simplistic combat (might as well remove it completely and add a few more sidequests or even some puzzles)- if you strictly rush main story without exploring or doing sidequests might be a bit short. I did 2 playthroughs first one i collected all except 5 items and it took me 12 hours, second one i rushed to get those few items and it took me 5h to get almost to last part of game ( Judgement house). So rushed probably 6h playthrough.- wish world was more open to explore and more interractive and immersive (ghosts you meet are pretty forgetable after you do quest)- this would work great as a mystery adventure with some rpg progression- not really scary , very little horror.  More of a murder mystery thriller if you ask me.CONCLUSION:Worth playing. Hope there is a sequel and i will buy it when it comes out."
76561198011992767,Recommended,233290,34309623,Posted: 17 August,all,Sgt. Hawk -=(TRP)=-,"PC gamers tend to be open to a much broader range of game genres than console gamers are, so it was no surprise to see this game get a higher score when it hit Steam.I was first introducted to video games through a computer and though I love all kinds of games, adventure games were my stock and trade. When this game was first announced, I thought it sounded like a solid concept. I was slightly disheartened to see it's low scores...but when most console gamers play mostly FPS and sports titles...it wasn't a shocker.Now I understand this review is very late, but I have an older PC, so my titles are limited.The story of this game is the most ingaging I've played in a long time. The gameplay is what you would expect from an adventure/mystery game. I've read reviews complaining about ""all you do is walk around and pick things up.""(News Flash Hardcore Gamers!: That's what you do in an adventure/mystery game.) I don't remember this game being advertised as anything other than that...For those of you who like this type of game, I'd rank it up there with a lot of the great classics I played as a kid. (Sierra's The Adventures of Laura Bow come to mind.) It's a mystery game that keeps you guessing until the end. I thought I had a pretty solid theory going...only to have it completely shattered (In a good way.)It's the kind of game that can never be done again. It's such an original idea that doing it again only feels cheap. Maybe I'm just someone with a flair for the dramatic...but I would say that this game is worthy of being called a work of art.Is it the greatest game to ever exsist? Of course not. But it was spectacular none the less."
76561198018295164,Not Recommended,233290,10371483,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Cpt.Starfish,"I was fairly dissapointed with how this game turned out. The concept was interesting, and I love the genre; however, the excution of the game play mechanics was lacking in any real dept. All of the crime scenes were a fixed camera angle away from being a point and click adventure, and putting the clues together could be done by random guessing without penalty. The characters felt forced, and fell deeply into non-relatable stereotypes that were hard to really care about. I really wanted to like the story, but I kept finding myself just grinding through everything to see it end.I couldn't see me much functionally wrong with the game, and didn't encounter many bugs; however it just got down right boring. The stealth/combat whatever they were going for with the demons, ended up becoming an annoyance, and half the time I could just run by them without worry. The voice acting, music, and ambient atmosphere were excuted well, and they created the emotions the story was trying to encourage. Unfortunatly the writting its self was too forced, and anti-climatic at best.I completed the game in about 7 hours without collecting everything, but I did all the side cases I could find. It wasn't a completely regrettable expierence, but for the price you're better off waiting for a good sale as this is a play once and uninstall title. I hope this helps someone from being stuck with a $50 dissapointment like I am."
,Recommended,233290,31178576,Posted: 16 April,all,Whiteswart,"Murdered: Soul Suspect - an AAA 21th century quest title. Or adventure, if you like that definition more. Main mission of the whole game is to fugure out how to move to the next level, optionally helping some other people on the way.1. Gameplay. That's the game where you will not be shooting, or fighting. Except of dodging and expelling some hollow wraiths from time to time, by stalking them from behind and clicking a button to win. On the top of things, you'll be searching for pieces of evidence, and making some investigation going through and through some unpleasant secrets, revolving mostly around old dark history of the town you're settled in.Other than that, you can roam the levels in search of collectables, using your ghost powers to unlock all the achievements and background spooky stories which that game holding under the counter.2. Troubles. Game is buggy. Not messy or totally out of control, but I had to reload the starting sequence two times, unable to ""follow the light"", and later there was a museum bug (right after the running train part). Those two mentioned  bugs aren't really game breaking, but quite severe, the way I see things. Especially the first one: sure, it's just the start of the game, but, intro video is unskippable, duh!Other than those bugs (and some smaller), and the point that not everyone might like a point-n-click adventure with oversized ""search for scrappy notes"" part and ""open-world roaming"" like in the Batman games, where not all places are opened from the start... I am out with any other reasons why you may not like the game.3. Summary. Sure, the visuals aren't really top-notch, and the story is maybe too short for such a project... the actions gets repetative after a little while, and all that ""hiding from wraiths"" part is not too pleasant... but hey! - every, EVERY game has some weak spots, and someone will not be pleased with it.But, from my point of view, it's really a great game. A piece where you don't need to stab, kick or blast your way through is always a rarety. Ability to help some bystanders while doing you main quest, by putting some of you abilities in a good use, is surely a nice addition to the game's pro sides. Finally, a well-written detective story is always a welcome on my bookshelf. So, I'll mark Murdered: Soul Suspect with 8/10. Not perfect, but really good game which I'm glad I've played."
,Recommended,233290,10332569,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,[Pure] Chloe4ever,"So far I love it! :D  It kept me going, and if I didn't have to work, I'd stay up all day and play this <3So far I haven't come across any bugs, but when/if I find any, I will edit them into this review~So pretty much, if you love mystery, with a dab of action, then you'll like this a lot.  And as I get further, and experiance this more, I will keep updating my review. But for now, I would recommand this game as is until later noted. :3I will say that the only thing I don't like is that there is no save option.  It's all auto-save, and it's only 1 save for this game completely so far as I've seen.  So if you have family/friends who want to play on your PC, you'll have to tell them to wait for you to finish it, as that's the only way to not lose your progess.Hope this helps :3"
,Recommended,233290,32134885,Posted: 2 June,all,Razorcheese,"Actually surprisingly good, but get it on sale. Great story and atmosphere.Also you can possess cats."
,Recommended,233290,33758856,Posted: 23 July,all,Screen 7,"A good game with a nice story that is set in an interesting location. A smooth blend of LA Noire, Dishonored and Arkham Asylum like gameplay mechanics with a kind of John Marston lead character, that all mix very well to create a compelling and quite unique action-adventure that you could almost call ""Ghost"" The Game.Maybe a little short, or maybe just right if you're looking for a game to play and complete in a single session. Maybe a little pricey, but well worth it on discount. Plenty for completionists to get stuck into. The end is a little abrupt but hard to tell if it was a sly cliffhanger or not, regardless I would certainly play a follow-up whether this character's story is over or not.Thanks for a ""dead"" good time and an interesting investigation!"
,Recommended,233290,33141053,Posted: 2 July,all,Lady Sekhmet,"I know there are some negatives reviews around here, (and some of them are fair enough) but I wanted to give this game a try.I won't go into details about the story because it really is catchy, at least to me. The concept of mixing investigations and detective skills with paranormal stuff is great, even though you're not even ""deducing"" anything because the game is quite straightfoward in that aspect. It almost tells you what to choose (and even if you chose the wrong answer, the game would give you infinite opportunities until you get the right one.) It'd have been great to change the story if you failed, but... well.The setting and visuals are awesome. I really liked where the story takes place. Funny thing is that I read The Crucible a few weeks ago, and I read the name Salem hundreds of times. I started playing this game and BOOM! Salem again! Puritans and witch trials, yay! This helps to create a great atmosphere.Speaking of enemies, you don't actually face any real danger during the gameplay. There are some demons, which are easily avoidable, and you can even disable them so they won't attack you. I don't recommend this because they are in fact so easy to kill. and it's not that there are too many, so...Long story short, I'd recommend this game (you can even possess cats!) but I don't think it's quite fair to pay its full price. Get it on sale!"
,Recommended,233290,34064458,Posted: 6 August,all,Mithras O_+,"Murdered: Soul suspect is a third person story game/walking simulator (not as bad as it sounds)Pros:> Graphics are decent> Voice acting is top notch> Story is interesting and keeps you guessing.> Gameplay is very simple and easy to grasp> Game atompshere is really well doneCons:> I guess some people would argue that there is not much action going on outside cutscenes> The game is not too long in length but feels slow paced.Overall its a pretty decent story game where you walk around and find clues, it is not as boring as it sounds I assure you but just don't expect gun fights or fast paced action.6/10"
,Recommended,233290,25441979,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Howlux,"A FEW FACTS:= Good Storyline= Nice gameplay= Square Enix= Easter eggs in the game= Voice charactersThe ability to possess people and read their thoughts. Cool. BUTYOU CAN POSSESS A CAT AND CONTROL HER MIND. WOOHthe lack of music, so 8/10"
76561198065979638,Recommended,233290,10337520,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,verstehen,"This a fairly classic noir story -- with a supernatural twist. I've seen the reviews that put the game at around a 5-6 (mediocre) and on one hand I can see that. The graphics aren't anything amazing and for fifty bucks I'd like to have spent longer than 8 hours to finish the main story. On the other hand, what a fun (if somewhat predictable) story. I especially enjoyed the investigation elements; they're reminiscent of games like L.A. Noire or Condemned: Criminal Origins. Even more, the game is focused exclusively on the storytelling and there's really no combat or action -- it's all about the mystery and puzzles. What little combat there is in the game is mostly based on sneaking around and running away from enemies (you can only attack them from behind).Where the game really shines is in characterization and story development. The two main characters, Ronan and Joy, have a great odd couple vibe that had me laughing in spots. Most of the character development for everyone else (and even backstory for Joy and Ronan) happen through collectibles but provide really deep storytelling that is (occasionally) historically accurate and interesting.I'd recommend this to mystery or noir fans but suggest you wait for the price to come down since the game is so short. I finished all the main story, the ""interactive"" sidequests AND managed to collect about 75 percent of all the collectibles in my 8 hour play through."
76561197970078168,Not Recommended,233290,10428107,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,hermetico,"NOT RECOMMENDED.The idea is cool but, game lacks playabiliy and you get bored really soon.Bad console game conversion to PC. No keys re-assignement. You should play wilth ""suggested"" control settings.Slow, damn slow."
,Recommended,233290,23191676,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Gosedre,"Ronan is a criminal-turned-cop who is killed by the mysterious Bell Killer. Playing as Ronan's ghost, investigate a series of crime scenes (sometimes with the help of teenage medium Joy), searching for identity of the killer. Many supernatural elements come into play – ghosts, witches, demons – and some flashbacks of the witch trials are pretty gruesome (drowning, burning, hanging).As the investigation progresses, you'll explore a graveyard, an apartment house, an old mansion, a police station and of course the obligatory asylum level. While the game world is small, it is open, with the ability to just wander around the town of Salem. It's a gloomy place – the game occurs entirely at night – but is well-dotted with NPCs and collectibles. Obtaining collectibles can unlock other stories (usually brief, narrated cut-scenes), and some NPCs will provide side-missions. There's a decent amount of stuff to do, but most collectibles were easily found as I explored the town or a level.Investigations require exploring a a crime scene, finding evidence (“Press E to analyze”) and sorting through the collected evidence (“Press Q to conclude the investigation”). Walking (or later, teleporting) around as a ghost feels fun; Ronan can walk through walls, possess people (mind-reading), and turn on random stuff to mess with the townsfolk (poltergeisting). Especially cool were the impenetrable “ghost walls” from past times that can block Ronan from exploring – or even provide new hazards (watch out for the ghost train!). Oh, and you can possess cats, too. This is actually crucial to progress through several stages of the game.The demon sections, though, dragged the experience down a bit. Demons will sometimes spawn after completing an investigation. Their existence does have a crucial part to play, and they're easy enough to defeat with a little patience. Given that this is a supernatural tale, it would be rather weird if demons of some kind weren't in the game, and having some stealth sections added some variety to the gameplay. But after a while the demons became annoying distractions from the story.And the narrative is where Murdered: Soul Suspect stands strongest. There is a lot of backstory to be found about Ronan and his wife (via collectibles). Sometimes collectibles are merely annoying, but they are worth pursuing here. Jason Brooks (as Ronan) and Cassidy Lehrman (as the medium, Joy) provide stand-out vocal performances. The graphics (Unreal 3) are great – murky and dark. Jason Graves' score provides a classic horror-story undertone. Murdered: Soul Suspect is a well-crafted detective game with a few quirks that holds its story aloft as its best attribute. If that sounds good to you, then go ahead and get this one."
,Recommended,233290,18845388,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,CorvusCorax,"Well, I did not know who Airtight Games was up until now but doing 2 consecutive walkthroughs of Soul Suspect will certainly make me remember them for a while! This is a third-person view adventure game that employs some stealth elements and lots of crime scene investigation gameplay mechanics.The story follows Ronan, a con-turned-detective who has just been murdered and whose soul - for some reason - cannot leave this world and proceed to Heaven where his wife awaits. We soon learn his killer is the one he was originally after - a couple of cutscenes later his memory is refreshed and he is certain he needs to solve the mystery of the Bell Killer who has been haunting his residential town for a while so that by solving the murder case he can peacefully enter Paradise.Now, when playing this game I was constantly thinking of the adventure games released by Telltale Games. Why? Because the puzzles are easy and there is a great emphasis on the story immersion. Unlike those Telltale adventures Murdered allows you to control the protagonist and freely walk around in Salem.Still, I wouldn't really call this an open-world journey as many places are only accessible if the story demands it - the ""hub area"" is mainly for collectibles and a couple of side missions where you help other ghosts finish their business and ascend once and for all.Then come the demons. Certain sections require you to hide from the beasts and approach them while they turn away - execution is not mandatory but collecting evidence and other ""artifacts"" in the areas require you to rid Salem of them for good.While the game is not difficult, at all, and lacks any real combat it does have a great story. I almost completed it in one sitting as I really wanted to see the antagonist dealt with. Murdered has a great atmosphere which is accompanied by a great score and very well done voice acting.To summarise: if you are in for a great story and for something new and you do not mind that one playthrough gives you all the experience (a 2nd should only be done for the collectibles) then Soul Suspect is an easy grab - especially with a discount!"
,Recommended,233290,10413354,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Teru.,"Vou tentar ser meio breve aqui, mesmo que não consiga. Os trailers do jogo deixam qualquer um muito ancioso para jogar, porém, dependendo do tipo de pessoa, possa vir a se decepcionar com o que encontrará dentro do jogo.Para quem espera algum tipo de luta, velocidade, tiros, qualquer tipo de ação em geral, não vai encontar isso por essas bandas. O jogo é quase que um livro animado, para quem é acostumado e gosta de ler bastante, vai adorar (Assim como eu gostei bastante). A história pode não ser perfeitamente feita e maravilhosa, eu particulamente achei que o motivo de toda a confusão poderia ter uma explicação mais interessante, ou melhor dizendo, o motivo de tudo poderia ser outro, essa parte da história poderia ser mudada para algo melhor ( Só minha opinião por sinal, não deixa de ser interessante. )''Murdered - Soul Suspect'' não é um jogo de muitas horas, se você seguir direto para o final da história principal ( Deve durar mais ou menos 8 horas, algo assim.) Mas caso não o faça, tem muito o que explorar, muita informações escondidas pela cidade de Salem, além das sidequests, que basicamente é onde você, Ronan, faz uma boa e manda os fantasmas presos a terra para o céu, aliviando a dor que eles tinham devido alguma dúvida.Pessoalmente falando, o que mais gostei no jogo foram as informações pelo mapa sobre tudo, todas as histórias que faziam a atmosfera da cidade ficar ainda mais sombria.------------------------------------------I'll try to be brief here, even if I fail. The trailers of the game let anyone excited to play, however, depending on the type of person is likely to be disappointed with what you find in the game.For those expecting some kind of fight, speed, shots, any kind of action in general, will NOT find it for these bands. The game is almost an animated book. For anyone who is used to and likes to read a lot, you'll love (Just as I quite liked). The history is not that perfect and wonderful, I thought particularly the reason for all the confusion could have a more interesting explanation, or rather, could another part of this story be changed to something better ( Just my opinion by the way, it is still interesting.)'' Murdered - Soul Suspect'' is not a game for many hours, if you go straight to the end of the main story (should last roughly 8 hours, something like that.) But if you do not, have a lot to explore , a lot of hidden information by the City of Salem, besides the side quests, which basically is where you, Ronan, is a good soul and sends the ghosts trapped in the earth to heaven, relieving pain because they had any questions.Personally speaking, what I liked the most about the game was the information about the map everything, all the stories that made the atmosphere of the city get even murkier."
76561198031324041,Not Recommended,233290,31255259,Posted: 20 April,all,Mumm-Ra,"An interesting concept, a breath of fresh air but the execution is horrible.The groundwork is good, the protagonist, the abilities...but after playing an hour you will see all of the glaring flaws.The map is small and the town is underpopulated.When you do possess people they all have the same 2-3 standard thoughts.There are only a handful of side quests in the game, where you can help other ghosts move on.It starts to feel like a collectathon as you are constantly picking up (revealing) objects on the ground.The only enemies are demons who are easily avoided or you can attack them by using a QTE....fun it is not.They are thinly spread out however so that didn't bother me so much.What did bother me considerably is the length of the game. I already finished it in under 8 hours and  to be honest with very little replay value I can't recommend you get this unless its on a big sale, think - 75% off or more."
,Recommended,233290,30496802,Posted: 13 March,all,kwdrewfan,"I bought this game when it was on sale for only $3.00, so the price was not an issue for me - but now having played it all the way through I can genuinely say I would not have regretted paying $30.00 for such an enjoyable, atmospheric experience.Storybuilding was phenomenal - from beginning to middle to end, there was never a dull moment as I was deeply engaged the entire time. I grew attached to the protagonist Ronan O'Connor fairly quickly, especially as you begin to uncover clues about his past. I bought everything the developers sold me about the ""ghost realm"" and how it functions (such as there being consecrated ""obstructions"" that ghosts can't pass through - perhaps not the most realistic idea to some, but considering we're dealing with a video game, I found it to be a very reasonable and clever excuse to keep the player's area of exploration streamlined but not restricted). The way that one investigation would lead to the next felt natural and smooth. Towards the end of the game I started to grow fearful that I would be disappointed by the conclusion, but I absolutely was not. From start to finish the plot was well-thought out and brilliantly executed.The worst part of this game to me are the demon-hunting sequences. In all fairness I've never been much for destroying enemies, but even moreso than usual I found them to be an annoyance. Luckily individual demons follow their own path on a loop, but when there's more than one to an area it can become much trickier to get the timing right. Really, though, it just takes a lot of careful planning and mapping out your steps in advance.Otherwise, for negatives, the autosave feature is a bit of a pain because I had to leave the game up & running at all times until I finished. That is, you cannot save your game on your own time, the game chooses when to save FOR you. So then if you exit & reopen the game, you'll be started back at the beginning of the last area you entered instead of specifically where you left off. Also, there are some parts of the game where you have to select the ""most useful"" clue(s) and while I got most of them easily, there were a few where the logic was simply lost on me.The 38.9 hours I spent on this game only accounts for 1 playthrough - I know the average person doesn't take NEARLY as long to finish, but I'm a born-again explorer and spent a ton of extra time scanning the environment in every direction, every corner, every wall I could pass through and even revisiting areas I'd already been to in case I missed anything. So if you enjoy being thorough like me, it is possible to make this game last a long time which adds to its value.Also, there are multiple occasions where you can play as a cat. A+++"
,Recommended,233290,18538864,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Audish,"I will make this one very simple for you: Do you love collecting♥♥♥♥♥♥ I mean, really REALLY love collecting♥♥♥♥♥♥ Is all you ask of a game that you push a button, hear a pleasing jingle, and see the ""X out of Y"" counter increment? Because if you do, you will love this game. And if you don't... well, let's talk.Murdered is the tale of the tragically-named Ronan O'Connor, loose cannon of the Salem PD with nothing to lose. The game opens with him getting ventilated by the world's least-subtle-slash-least-catchable murderer, the Bell Killer, and you spend the rest of the running time trying to figure out why. Well, that's a lie. You spend most of the running time wandering around Salem, ghosting through walls and people in search of the 242 collectable knick-knacks scattered throughout the city. While some require your ghostly powers to reach or reveal, most are just sitting out, waiting for you to mash X on. Each one gives you a tiny snippet of backstory on the characters or Salem if you bother to open the menu, and a few let you hear a cute creepypasta story if you collect the whole set.If you're wondering why I haven't talked about the core gameplay yet, that's because it's dogshit. No lie, the investigations in Murdered are probably the worst of their kind. At every major story beat, you have a crime scene you need to investigate for clues to answer a specific question. Around the scene you'll find plenty more doodads sitting out for you to mash X on, each giving you a clue. After finding all the clues, you have to pick the clues that are the most relevant to answering the question at hand. This is where it all falls apart, because the expectations of the developers in picking answers ranges from so obvious you'll miss it to absolutely non-nonsensical. You're either going to breeze through every investigation or stumble over every answer depending on how well your brain is wired like the developers. Not that it matters either way, because there is literally no penalty for ♥♥♥♥ing up an answer, you just try again.So that's how Murdered plays, terrible detective sequences broken up by fits of collection-sperging. If that was all, we could flip it the bird and move on with our lives. The weird part is, everything else about the game is fantastic. The graphics are gorgeous and detailed, bringing the town of Salem and its residents (living or dead) alive. Sound direction is on point with satisfying effects and a moody, fitting soundtrack. The characters are charming and memorable despite what seems like every effort to make them obnoxious. Bad-boy Ronan is vulnerable and compassionate, manic goth-girl Joy is plucky and nuanced, and the entire supporting cast is interesting in their own ways. Your ghost powers also keep things fresh, allowing you to possess people to intrude on their idle thoughts, or poltergeist their appliances to freak them out. There's even some stealth combat against some pretty horrifying demons that's simple, engaging, and a welcome break from the running and collecting.I'm not going to pretend Murdered is a great game, or great for everyone. But even after identifying its flaws, I had a blast with it. Full disclosure, I watched my buddy stream the entire game months ago, and still had enough fun with it to play through the whole thing myself. A lot of your enjoyment is certainly going to hinge on the collect-a-thon aspect, but if you get into the story and learn to love Salem and its characters, there's a perfectly good game to be had here."
76561198048113792,Not Recommended,233290,24094995,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,deunan_of_rubika,I can't recommend a game where the developer refuses to address a game killing bug for two years.  That tells me all I need to know about the developers.  This game has a bug where the keyboard interface simply stops working in the investigate window resulting in your having to manually shutting down the game and lose all progress since the last save point.  It is a known bug since launch and the developers have done nothing to address it or even respond to it.  Save your money and don't support developers like this.
,Recommended,233290,12744214,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Ozgur,When you're a ghost your cigarette never ends.
76561198105194541,Recommended,233290,28642660,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,TurtleGeneral,1) Good atmosphere.2) Not a bad story.3) Lots of additional missions.4) The main character is like a Clint Eastwood5) You can control the cat
,Recommended,233290,29834986,Posted: 10 February,all,Jakaryy,"The Good Stuff++Ronan is a total badass, especially in the ending+Plenty of great detective gameplay, very intriguing and never too difficult+Lots of history about Salem and the Witch Trials+Dark supernatural story with ghosts, legends and a creepy little girl+Side quests provide some diversion from the main story+Collectables provide backstory for Ronan, lore about the in-game story, and real life history about Salem and the witch trialsThe Ok Stuff=NPC's not related to the story are composed of the same five or six models and repeat the same lines. Same goes for voice actors. There's one part in the game where all the cops said the exact same lines with the same voice despite being a different model=Gameplay is very linear, especially when it shows you what to do exactly during an action=A little pricey, get on sale (Always on sale during Halloween)The Bad Stuff-Combat seems very unnecessary and kind of a nuisance. It's also easy to tell when you're about to go into combat-Not a problem for me personally, but the cutscenes run at 30 FPS which pisses some people off quite a bitTL:DRYou're a ghost but you actually aren't, and you're a detective but actually aren't since you're a ghost... rinse and repeat.The Truthful Hard FactsAcquirement MethodSteam storePrice Paid$13.59Length8-12 hoursRig UsedLaptop #2The Elaborate and Perplexing Scoring System10. Overdraw your bank account if needed9. Buy this at your next earliest convenience8. The dictionary definition of ""Good""7. Shirley you won't be disappointed, and don't call me surely6. A good worthwhile purchase that you should give a chance5. You may like it bro, you may not like it bro4. Probably should pass on this swiftly3. Not a complete waste of my time thankfully2. This was more of a waste of time than my ex the 3rd time1. Press F to Pay RespectsRanked #7 on my Reviewed Personal Favorites ListCheck out my Steam group for more Reviews!STEAM REVIEWS GROUP!"
,Not Recommended,233290,29689030,Posted: 4 February,all,WHAM,"Murdered: Soul Suspect has a really cool premise. You're dead, a ghost, and you need to figure out who killed you. You can walk through walls, do poltergeisty stuff, read people's minds, woo!In reality, the game is mostly just wandering around surprisingly small maps, picking up a seemingly endless pile of collectables that serve as plot-filler and as a source for some spooky ghost stories.Also, since you're a ghost and still cannot walk through some doors (because the writers of the game wrote themselves into a corner) you need a living person to help you, and that person is one of the most annoying 15-year-old goth-teenage girls I have ever seen in a videogame. Yaay for cringe!Beyond walking around, touching things and reading people's minds, the only form of gameplay is avoiding and destroying demons in an oversimplified stealth minigame followed by a QTE. On the whole, the gameplay is not very engaging and solving some of the scenes flawlessly requires you to do quite a bit of the old ""what was the game dev thingking about here"" -mindgames.For a murder mystery plot, the game has way too few characters and the clues are too obvious to keep the game interesting.The game also seems to have a low number of voice actors, resulting in samey characters, and for some reason it also seems the game devs made precisely four character models: ""man"", ""woman"" ""girl"" and ""scary little girl"" (five if you count the demons) and went with those, so all the people in the game have the exact same body types and... It feels weird. Like they're all clones, milling about endlessly.All in all, Soul Suspect falls flat despite a cool premise and the game isn't really very enjoyable.Playtime: 6+ hours (Single playthrough)Ratings (1-10)Visual: 6Audio: 7Story: 4Gameplay: 6Overall: 5"
76561197992229015,Recommended,233290,34468127,Posted: 24 August,all,Dire,"M:SS is a unique sort of adventure game. There's not really any action in the game, no brawling, no shooting, nothing, so if you're looking for that, don't bother. If you want to experience a supernatural detective story, however, you may feel right at home. The game does a lot of things right, but doesn't always hit the mark.You play as a kid-with-troublesome-past-turned-detective-ghost. The meat of the game is exploration and solving ""the Bell killer case"". In order to do that you can explore the main hub area of the game, Salem, as well as about 7 or so levels. All of these can be freely explored and revisited once you've unlocked them in the story (I think you can even resume the game after beating it to collect everything). Speaking about collectibles, those are undoubtedly what will - hopefully - capture your attention the most, since the main game itself is abysmally short if you just rush through. It took me about 8 hours to finish it and I've found about 95% of the collectibles. Most notably are the ghost stories, one of which you can find in every level including Salem. For these you just have to reveal and collect specific items, some of which are very well hidden, to unlock a narrated short story. It's actually kinda fun to listen to them. Of course, if you're lazy, you can just look them up on YT...Apart from that there are scenes from your life, notes from your dead wife, notes about the killer, etc. I'd say the notes about your past with your wife are probably the most interesting, the rest is ok-ish, but it's nothing that would make the story better. The other stuff at least makes you care a bit about Ronan.The main gameplay mechanic, however, is finding clues and solving cases. I gotta be honest here, there's nothing much to it. You basically just go around the room, look for interactions, listen to the narration and put 2 and 2 together. Most of these cases are very logical, however, finding some clues or interpreting them correctly can just be a case of trial and error in my opinion, which doesn't really make this mechanic all that great. Luckily that doesn't impede your progress (unless you can't find the relevant clues), just your ""score""...you can try as often as you want and there are no up- or downsides to it from a gameplay viewpoint.The most outstanding feature of the game is probably that, since you're a ghost, you can walk through walls and such. The game feels like an old school FPS with no clip mode activated. Lovely, but it can also be disorientating, and your ghost form can't cross all thresholds. Each level is also at some point populated by demons (3 or 4), who patrol an area in a set radius. If they spot you, you better hide. You can either completely ignore them and rush through most areas or take your time to stalk them yourself and dispatch them with an easy button press...it's, frankly, quite boring and clearly a mechanic that was tacked on. At least it feels like it. And that's a general problem with the game: it feels fresh, but also at times unfinished. There ""could"" have been so much more, but instead it's just a glorified item collector with a pretty decent story (which imho is the main attraction here). For example, you can also help some ghosts find their final rest, but with most you can just ""ask them a question"" and that's it...or just talk to them, but they don't have anything to say. That just feels weird. I mean, what's with the questioning? It feels as if the devs intended to do more with that but either ran out of time or budget or just scrapped the feature for another reason and left these remainders in the game.Visually the game is also not a stunner, despite using the Unreal 3 engine. Since the game plays at night anyway, and you're dead...there's very little colour, very little distinction. It just feels a bit ""bland"", but you could argue that was intended and fits the theme...still, it feels so boring and most locations don't have that ""oh, this is cool"" feeling to them.There's also a few bugs and movement issues at times, as well as severe performance issues that shouldn't be there in a game such as this. Luckily they don't impact the gameplay at all, but they're still annoying. Not sure if it's the game's fault or Win 10's.I'd say wait for a deep sale and give it a whirl."
,Recommended,233290,31512840,Posted: 2 May,all,Shyguy,"I have mixed feelings about this game.Pros:- This is, first and foremost, a 3D point-and-click game, and as an avid fan of the genre I found it most enjoyable.-Great atmosphere, with various extensive areas that have plenty of explore-value. You can breeze through this game if you prefer, or take your time and explore everything (I chose the latter and was not disappointed).-On numerous occasions you get to possess and play as a cat.-Loads of easter eggs and collectables if you're into that stuff (I am)-A lot of narrative was written into this game that is only accessible through the aforementioned collectables. If you get bored by excess backstory then you don't have to engage with it, but if you are into it there's a lot there to enjoy.-Great game for achievement hunters, though many achievements involve the collectables.Cons:-The protagonist is- you guessed it- a jaded, white, flowy brown haired, fedora wearing, tattoo bearing, cigarette smoking dude with a 2edgy4you past and a serious chip on his shoulder. Tbh I'm pretty over this character as it's been done time and time again, and no amount of swaggering, sauntering, or side-smirking is going to make me feel like this character is in any way original or interesting.- Some awkwardly timed voice-acting means characters cut each other off on occasion, which I found very distracting in an otherwise immersive game.- Although the story was decent, it definitely got a bit cliche at times (it takes place in Salem, Massachusetts so I'm sure you can imagine half the plot off the bat). There are plot twists meant to keep you interested but that didn't stop me from figuring out what was going on long before the protagonist did.- Not enough ghosts for you to talk to, and far too many living people who have nothing interesting to say.I do recommend this game if you're a fan of point-and-clicks and ghost stories, though I don't think I could recommend getting it at full price. Even a slight sale will probably be worth the value, as you can easily get 8-10 hours of gameplay out of this game if you don't rush straight through the main story."
,Recommended,233290,20434548,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,hawthorne007,"Interesting story and characters, nice gameplay, a good game I really enjoyed. Recommended especially if it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,233290,10373127,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Spyder,"Extremely short, like 5 hours short. Very cliche and cheesy story that barely has time to develop. You barely get to know any characters in the game, and the ending falls flat on its face. Also absolutely zero replay value. I really wanted to like this game, the premise seemed awesome and I was excited to play it. I had it preordered which I never do anymore, I was looking forward to it. But it turned out to be a barely finished game. Repetitive as anything, and the ""combat"" was a waste of time and should have been better implemented or scrapped. I would stay away from this game and save your money. I know I regret buying it. At most I could see it being worth $10 on sale, but no more. Trust me."
,Recommended,233290,12843727,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Buttzke,"I thoroughly enjoyed  Murdered: Soul Suspect. Let me start by saying if you are looking for action, adventure, and shooting in a run and gun style look elsewhere (You don't shoot a gun at all, not even once). If you are looking for a solid game with a great storyline, reading, thinking, and a great mystery plot that keeps you guessing look here.Is the game scary? No I would not say it is scary, maybe creepy or atmospheric. The Dev does a good job of making you feel and realize that you are not among the living. There is the occassional disappearing ghosts and scary music but nothing like silent hill, dead space, or amnesia. The point of the game is not to scare or freak you out. It's to tell a great story and for you to solve a mystery.On top of figuring out your own mystery there are about 6-10 little side quests. None are very long, but they are each enjoyable and have a little story of their own. There are also hundreds of little collectables to find and to keep you busy. I am not usually a fan of finding and hunting for hidden objects; but for some reason in this game it does not seem to tedious or difficult. The style of game just seems to lend itself towards finding lost or hidden items.All that being said I would recommend this game overall score 8/10. I picked it up at 75% off and am not disapointed. I think for me even %50 off would justify the purchase. If it's on sale and you are a story driven gamer I would strongly urge you to pick this one up at some point.Oh and if that's not convincing enough did I mention you have the ability to posses cats, and you have a never ending cigarette?! Yup see I knew that would help you make the right decision!"
,Recommended,233290,14348497,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Mitch13pavel,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hZlWbvWC2MRemember those God awful Nancy Drew Detective games that were sold in the bargain bins at Best Buy and Walmart?...Well swap out adorable Nancy with a buff, gritty, tattoo covered, cop and you have Murdered: Soul Suspect.The game puts you in the shoes of a recently deceased detective who becomes trapped on earth as a ghost until he can track down his murderer and solve his own case. While the general idea of the game sounds very interesting, the gameplay doesn’t hold up strongly enough to back this promising premise.The game offers fairly solid visuals; they aren’t anything that will knock your socks off but they get the job done and provide an immersive, bone chilling, spooky experience. The game is fittingly set in Salem Massachusetts, but you won’t be exploring much of the town, as the game is designed to give you the false sense of free roam when it is in fact painfully linear. The game has a fairly expanse world, however due to the ghostly limitations the game places on you, you are unable to enter any buildings unless the door or window is already opened for you. This leads to the game being extremely linear, with what appears to be a vast explorable world turns out to be an empty ghost town in and of itself.The core gameplay mechanics consists of incredibly disappointing “Detective Work”. Detective work is conducted by entering the crime scene (which usually consist of about 3 fairly small rooms) and meandering about the room pressing the interact key on all the shiny clues that are sprinkled throughout the crime scenes. The game requires that you find a painstaking amount of these clues for each question and at some points you may find yourself spamming the interact key repeatedly hoping you will blindly click on the last elusive clue that you need to proceed, imagine it as the Easter egg hunt from hell. The game does introduce some fairly interesting puzzle mechanics on certain clues, such as word association deciphers where you are presented with an image and around 15 words and have to pick the 3 or 4 words that are most related to the image to crack the clue, however these interesting tidbits are never truly fleshed out to their true potential.Don’t go into this game expecting any form of combat whatsoever, the combat is almost nonexistent and consists of walking behind the demonic enemies and performing a series of simple quick time events to eliminate them. The demons themselves look genuinely terrifying and if you do happen to mess up the quick time event then you will be chased by the demon and have to escape by quickly transporting through preplaced ghostly rifts that allow you to hide until the demon gives up on searching for you.The only thing this game really has going for it that makes it worth playing is the intriguing, twist filled story. The stories pacing is done very well and at times you almost wish Murdered: Soul Suspect was a movie rather than a game. The voice acting is pretty solid and one of the best aspects of the game; being such a story driven game it benefits greatly from making sure that it has some good quality voice acting. While there are many cut scenes, they are enjoyable and emotion filled. It’s just a shame that the rest of the game feels like such a grinding chore just to get to the next cut scene to watch the story unfold.Overall Murdered: Soul Suspect seems like it has so much potential but never truly takes advantage of anything that it has going for it. The game holds your hand through a painfully linear environment and offers absolutely no challenge or difficulty. The only thing that makes Murdered: Soul Suspect even remotely worth playing is the fairly enjoyable story delivered through the cut scenes. The game plays out like a very good movie with obnoxious, tedious, burdensome, gameplay in between. What seemed like a very promising premise wasn’t strongly supported enough by the overall weak puzzles and lack of difficulty.I would only recommend this game if you get it at a ridiculous sale pricehttp://noobsthatplaygames.com/"
,Recommended,233290,10350933,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Nyxs,"Certainly not worth the full price of admission.  If you're remotely interested in this title, wait for it to drop to 10 .00 or less.  More like walking (trudging?) through a 10 hour movie than playing a game.  Lots of hand-holding for the kiddies.  Was expecting more detecting and less 'where's waldo'."
76561198035054806,Recommended,233290,12996496,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,sara_bear,"I like this game. Yes the combat with the demons is simplistic, be glad it is cause any lumping of more than one will kick your b*tt. It's challanging. Nice atmosphereric. Good story. Sort of semi open world after a bit into the story, so that's nice.Wouldn't pay full price for it but worth snatching up if it's over 50% off."
76561198025301599,Recommended,233290,11210671,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,ZOR33L is,"Short ReviewThe Good:- great setting and very spooky atmosphere that pulls you in- the story is very good and will keep you attached till you reach the conclusion- solving puzzles and putting clues together is really fun- graphics, sound and voice acting are all great ( if you want more than 30 Fps you have to change that in the .ini file)Nuetral:- there is no combat in this game, i liked that but i guess some people won't like it, the only combat in game is just sneaking behind few spirits and kill them in a quick-time event- the length of the game, it will take about 8 hours to finish and most likely you won't be playing it again unless you missed some collectables or achievementsi really enjoyed this game and i hope more people would give it a chance and don't listen to critics' reviews."
76561197992206547,Not Recommended,233290,20670229,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,B00tsy,"I liked the game upon the moment demons appeared in the game and it became a demon hunt and hide&seek game instead of a detective game.This was basically the thing for me to stop playing, those demons and 'that' whole gameplay felt like it belongs in an other type of game.  Other than that the game was promising and good quality.Sadly a thumb down from me.Edit: To clarify a bit further, I didn't like the whole hide & seek thing with the demons, it changed the gameplay from the first +1 hour that I did like. It began as a cool detective story with looking for clues and observing things. When the demons becomes a part of the game it turns into a surreal horror stealth hide & seek game and it puts the whole detective lore and theme to the background. Besides that, even the 'ghost reality' is far a part from  the normal after life reality you normally see in games/movies so that demon gameplay made it lose connection to that 'detective' atmosphere for me. When I bough the game after looking on the store page and seeing the trailer I didn't expect that gameplay.I didn't refund the game and might give it an other few hours as the design and graphic quality was good, but yeah, I would have skipped this game if I knew the gameplay would be like that."
,Recommended,233290,23897799,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,White Shadow,"An excellent game. Murdered: Soul Suspect is a story rich detective game. Your character is murdered at the start of the game, and now as a ghost he has to solve his own murder by following the trail of a serial killer.The game takes place in a dark urban setting, giving the atmosphere of danger and hopelessness the entire time. In addition to the crime mystery element, it also includes a lot of paranormal concepts, particularly relating to ghosts and mediums. The story is paced very well and does not drag out or include any filler content. Every area you visit is another jigsaw piece in the grand scheme that helps you get closer to uncovering the mystery behind the string of murders happening in town.Most of the gameplay consists of you searching around the area for clues and then putting them together to finalise on what happened. Most times it's pretty straight forward. It plays like a point & click game, but without overly convoluted puzzles. Everything you find makes logical sense. In addition to that, there are also other collectibles scattered in each level, each of which provide some information on characters or the town's lore. Some also let you uncover special hidden ghost stories, which is a nice reward, as some of those stories are pretty chilling.At times there are stealth sections where you have to avoid being seen by soul-eating demons. They add a bit of challenge to the game, but overall I was not much of a fan of these sections as they felt unneeded and often got in the way of you exploring. A lot of the time the demons would come in groups of 3 or so, meaning you'd be spending some time trying to figure out how to get past them. You can't fight them, and the only way to kill them is via an execution from behind, if you're brave enough. Gladly these sections were few and far in between. Most times you'd only come across 1-2 such sections per level. So if this aspect is putting you off, I'd still recommend to try the game, since most of the game is spent putting together the clues.Don't expect challenging gameplay or anything of that sort. This is a story-driven detective game at heart, and I think most critics who have slammed the game have missed this point.I'd highly recommend this game if you like games about solving murder mysteries or anything with a dark, gripping plot for that matter."
76561198220599868,Recommended,233290,30055448,Posted: 20 February,all,LXQUICKJUSTICE,"Not worth $30, but if you get it on sale for like 19 or less, it's a unique experience. The story was fairly satisfying."
,Not Recommended,233290,10339358,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Manabu,"I have been looking forward to this game since it showed up at E3...In which i honestly say it was not worth the wait or the money. It took me about 7 hours to beat the game with 33/48 achievements when i was not even trying to. keeping things short, the only major flaws would be that investigating can become a ""click on everything"" moment due to it being difficult at times to tell if something is useable or a pointless object, and the gameplay gets incredibly repetitive after a while and feels like it was added to keep players busy.....Also, the big ""twist"" to the end of the game wasn't a very good one, so please consider waiting for it to drop in price before a purchase."
76561198216317917,Recommended,233290,34690474,Posted: 2 September,all,ArtChimera,"I do recommend this game, with some reservations.The premise was really interesting, and the visuals and voice acting were great. Where it fell flattest for me were the ""investigations."" I normally hate using quotations for emphasis, but it's really warranted in this case. They were so laughably straight forward and simple that I actually tripped myself up the first two questions, because I thought there was no way it would be so obvious. If you're expecting something more in depth a la LA Noire you'll be disappointed. It quickly became evident that the investigations were there just to push you from plot point to plot point, no critical thinking need apply. I had seen that in other people's reviews and they're spot on.There aren't that many side quests either- I had thought there would be more investigations into the cases of people in the afterlife. There are four, and again those are really simple. The other side quests are basically collection quests. I don't mind a game that focuses more on character or plot, but it would be nice to have solid investigative gameplay to round it out, particularly for a game that seems to market itself that way.It just feels really unbalanced - the casual gamer appeal of simple puzzles combined with the dark supernatural detective theme feels like they're playing to two separate audiences at the same time.That said, I definitely thought it was worth picking up and playing if you enjoy these genres. Just don't expect too much out of the gameplay, and get it on a good sale."
,Recommended,233290,21343606,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Shepard,"I have to admit I didn't expect much when I started playing this, but I'm glad I was really wrong.Game is great, the narrative and story are awesome and I really felt the voice acting.It's one of those games you play and take your time exploring, you know? It's really detective-like so you can enjoy this kind of experience.Additionally, it runs light on older hardware and it has DTS 5.1 sound."
,Recommended,233290,29304204,Posted: 16 January,all,That Guy ☆VG☆,"Murdered: Soul Suspect is supernatural detective adventure thriller game where you are playing as detective Ronan. He got murdered by a Bell Killer a primary antagonist and now he need to solve his case as a ghost.Pros:+ Great main character, Ronan is really likable and unique.+ Voice acting is really good+ Enjoyable graphics, as long as you play with V-sync+ Good story and atmoshpere+ Lots of collectibles+ As a ghost you can walk through walls, read people's minds etc.Cons:- Short (main story for around 6 hours)- Combat is poor, if you can even call that combat (you basically sneak behind the enemy and do fast QTE)- Only one type of enemy- Most of NPC's are just clones/duplicates- Only 4 optional quests ( to finish them you need like 5-10 mins each)Maybe they're expecting it to be a fast-paced action game or something like that which it definitely isn't. It's a detective game with an interesting story and characters that draws you in. It's also pretty novel in that you're playing a criminal-turned-detective's ghost who's trying to find the identity of his killer. You spend the game collecting clues to figure out your killer's identity while stopping along the way to help out other lost souls in little sidequests where you figure out how they died so they can pass on. There are also lots of collectibles, some of which provide background for the story, such as notes left by the main character's wife, or that unlock stories about unsolved crimes connected to hauntings. The mood the game sets just enhances the experience, being creepy and immersive.Overall, this game is a lot of fun. Story is great, voice acting is well done. The story is a pretty good detective tale, with everything falling satisfyingly into place at the end and a few neat twists. There are only a few drawbacks: sometimes when you posess someone and listen to their thoughts you'll hear the same thought in different people; the parts where you have to sneak behind demons and take them out can be a bit tedious. There's a lot of repitition and it seems like they re-used a lot of stuff.The other drawback is that the game is a bit short. I finished it in 7 hours, and if you check out my achievements you'll see I didn't get 100% completion. I did all the side-quests and found as many collectibles as I could. You could probably stretch it out to 10 hours if you wanted 100% completion which seems totally possible in a single playthrough.In short, if you like story-driven games, or mystery/adventure games then you'll probably like this game. If you want this game to be a gritty shooter, then go buy Max Payne instead, because you won't get that with this game.TL;DR: 6.5/10, fun detective story, don't expect a lot of combat/action, very short."
,Recommended,233290,10337485,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,[L|G] ™ SHADY,"So far it has been a really nice game. I am liking it. I will be playing more tonight , Tha game wants you to play it. WootI give more update on it later . Looking good so far."
,Recommended,233290,32699967,Posted: 23 June,all,adz21c,"Good if you want something easy with an interesting story.The game doesn't belong anywhere near the word challenging. For the most part, the investigations are essentially 1) search for clues that highlight themselves 2) acknowledge clue 3) select the important clues to ""solve"" the investigation. It seems to indicate you get 3 attempts but on the rare occasion I failed to do so they seemed infinite with no consequence (??), but trust me you'll get them first try 99 times out of 100. An interesting mechanic of possessing people to influence and mind read into giving clues, but can't help feeling more could be done around this. Otherwise, you run through the town between areas of interest and occasionally help other ghosts you meet.The story, voice acting, visuals, and atmosphere are all pretty good though. The story was what really kept me in the game. Nothing spectacular but I was interested and wanted to see the end.Only real complaint is the ""demons"". Not challenging, boring, just an annoying obstacle. Throughout the game, I felt like they didn't contribute to the plot and just ruined the experience. It's not until the end there is some sort of explanation for their existence (very weak at that) but the game would have been better if they were just not there and it wouldn't affect the story at all.I can't see this offering replay value, but I did enjoy this - despite the criticisms above."
76561198019911281,Recommended,233290,14502158,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Dreamer,+ nice story+ good graphics+ cool atmosphere+ good acting+ stylish antagonist+ lots of collectibles+ easy control+ no bugs-  Without hunting for the collectibles the game itself would be very short.-  no real challenge
,Recommended,233290,26103805,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,DOLPHIN,a really great game held back by an absurdly stupid hide and seek combat mechanic. would be perfect without it
,Not Recommended,233290,31602682,Posted: 7 May,all,FloweRZ_🌸| KYS,Hmm Lets see... i have mixed feelings about this game so lets just count down a things i enjoyed and things i didnot really enjoyed-What is good about this game-Game itself is fun to play ghostly mechanics are fun to use and sometimes tricky (expect the cat possesion ill explain later why)-story is good and well spreaded-gameplay isnot the longest one but its about 7 h if you compleate all quests and side storys-Graphics are pretty good actually-Now lets count down the bad aspects of this game-Combat is stupid only enemys are demos and i though they would be tuff to kill or avoid but you can just one shot them with simple click of your mouse and using W S D A keys-I found Cat mechanic little bit bugge and crappy like i coudnot reach the sertain area cat kept getting stuck in air and coudnt move so i could say game is REALLY glitchy-Town felt dead like i kept seeing same people over and over and map wasnot designed on its bestConclusion: Concept is good gameplay is nice if you enjoy Detective ganre you will definetly enjoy this one too but cant reccoment it on its full price Grab it on sale (bought it on -80% disscount myself)
,Not Recommended,233290,10769249,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Zehico,"While the storyline of the game and the characters of this game provide an interesting few hours, the actual gameplay itself is not the best. After exploring one crime scene and sneaking past one set of demons, the mechanics become a bit boring and all the levels become tedious.Nice idea but poorly done, slightly too little in the way of intrigue and interesting things to do."
,Recommended,233290,23658221,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,✪ Fenna,"I like this game for the reason that it's a sort of interactive movie, like you're the actor running around the movie scene, being able to do whatever you want. I like the storyline, it's interesting as well as full of action. You can do side-quests, which I enjoy a lot because sometimes you're just done with the main storyline. It's also fun to help every ghost to find what  is holding them from ""the light"" and bring them there. What I don't like about this game is that there are a few bugs, where sometimes the sound doesn't play in cutscenes but it does in the rest of the game, but this is easily fixed by restarting the game. I bought this game in a Steam Sale and it is definetaly worth it's full price, and works on 60fps even on my pretty medium pc."
,Recommended,233290,13021802,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Pointnclickster,"I haven't felt the need to review for a while, but I can't help but talk about this game. For those of you who have played the Blackwell series (look at my review), I feel that Square Enix programmers played the games and thought, ""Hey, we can make a non-P&C, grittier, updated graphics version of Blackwell!"". In some respects, it really feels that way. A ghost needs to solve his own murder, plus help lost ghosts solve their issues so that they can move on with the help of a medium. Only instead of Roseangela we get a whiny teenager by the name of Joy. The crime solving isn't that difficult, but when the story is this enjoyable who really cares? The game takes place in Salem, and I feel that the town is one of the big stars of the game. The developers knew they had a lot to work with and they did a great job. You get to discover artifacts that uncover Salem's dark history, uncover artifacts that reveal haunting stories, and help ghosts piece together their untimely end. The main characters are a mixed bag. Ronan, is a detective who spent most of his life on the wrong side of Lady Law before joining the force. He's a great character. His sidekick is a gothic emo of a teenager named Joy. I see why they think she needs to be here, but I just didn't like her that much. Luckily, she only appears as much as she needs to, leaving you free to take your time between levels to explore Salem and backtrack for achievements or artifacts if need be. For you artifact and achievement junkies, there is a ton to find. Most will be able to find a lot of the stuff, in the first playthrough, but it is worth playing again. I highly recommend this supernatural detective game."
76561198028124018,Not Recommended,233290,31524554,Posted: 3 May,all,ThatMarvellousHoni,"Long story short, a gorgeous game with a clever concept let down by some dumb decisions and strange logic.(This short review may contain very minor spoilers)Before we kick off: I'm an idiot. If you were a murderer, you would move to the town I'd worked in to just do what you wanted with a terrified populace as I walked constantly into doors and fell down stairs. However I managed to feel 'smarter' than Soul Suspect. Gameplay is mostly walking around a room finding clues and pressing 'X', before summing up the five last minutes by selecting the three or so clues that answer the question asked at the start. You can't move out of the investigation area so I found myself wandering around waiting for the big X symbol to leap onto my screen. You found a diary page! Let's delve into the tortured life of- oh wait. It's one saying ""Diary page of your wife"". No story, not even an abridged paragraph. Maybe 10 seconds of spoken dialogue and that's your lot.Without doubt, Soul Suspect is a lovely looking thing. The buildings and weather are all beautifully rendered, but the people walking around look like mannequins. You can read their minds as well, hopefully offering an insight into- oh no, it's just two or three pre-set phrases.The concept is great. Solve your own murder? Find peace for restless spirits? Wicked. Spooky! Intriguing! But... not quite. Know what I mean? I found an old timey ghost crying on the beach who remembered nothing of how she died save a boat and a name. All the clues needed to complete this were within five feet of her. Just open your damn eyes! It's like it'strying so hardto be clever but just can't quite get there. The relevant clues are all painfully obvious so it becomes a slightly flat point'n'click without the charm of a point'n'click.As for the combat, let me help you out: use the ability to see through walls, wait for three seconds, sneak up behind the (admittedly quite cool looking 'demons') and kill them off. There is nothing else to it.I could go on but I'm sure you haven't got this far. If you have, you solved a mystery which is as hard as any puzzle in this game. If you want (like I did) an interesting mystery to solve, try the remastered Full Throttle. Want more humour? Monkey Island. Want a spooky puzzle? The Room and its sequel. They'll do a much better job than this.I soWANTEDto like and recommend the game, but despite the theme, there's no...Spirit."
,Not Recommended,233290,12735414,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,DaemonUmbra,"Classic case of good idea, bad implementation. I found several glitches on my first playthrough, most were graphical, but one where it was a bit stupid. There were several instances of objects(both real, physical objects) were clipping together. At one point part of the storyline is hindered by a locked door, however you can simply pass through the wall and open it while the NPC still believes the door to be locked with their hands inside the door's model trying to get it open. Many issues also exist with the port to PC. I'll be honest, I am a PC gamer and haven't played this game on console, however I expect game ports to be decent. On numerous occations I found myself in one of the game's many menus and interfaces with my mouse unable to correctly interact with said menus, I then had to go keyboard-only with the arrow keys to navigate and exit the menus. Character animation is also a bit sub-par, especially when characters are talking. Unfortunately all of the bugs and glitches I've noticed could have been fixed with patches yet have not been.If you insist on playing this game I highly recommend a gamepad."
,Recommended,233290,14549862,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Diamond Tiara,"It's closer to the visual novel rather than the adventure, but it's ok and setting is pretty neat.It's the rarest example of the game i realy wished to finish lately.Detective mechanics are undeveloped, but your score doesn't change anything, so you can simply retry your answer with no consequinces.Rudimental stealth takes so little time it's no obstacle to the story and has no way to grow into something complex.The story's good, the world's neat, it's a good time killer. The only drawback is you can't return to the finished areas to huntdown achievements."
,Recommended,233290,14551916,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,BerryParty,"Gameplay was rather dull, with the exception of exploring and finding clues, that♥♥♥♥♥♥was rad.Main glory for this game is the story though, which is overall good"
76561198065289104,Recommended,233290,13840680,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Vanille,"I will premise this by saying that I have beaten the game and have all of the achievements completed.The metascore has you doubting, doesn't it? Well, don't let it. This game has some good and some bad, but the good wins in the end.First thing's first. Play this with a controller. I started this game with my keyboard/mouse and I immediately hated this game. The controls are a joke. The FOV is WAY too sensitive (even after changing settings). I was almost ready to give up on this game when I decided to try my Xbox controller. This choice saved the game for me.The Bad- Crappy save system. You can browse the discussion boards and find people have issues with the autosave. You can't make your own save and have to rely on it... trouble is, it's not that reliable. (you can however copy the save file from your steam folder. You have to look up how though. I think it's titled 233290. So it's a random number, not a name)- Limited action. This game is a walk around and talk to people and find clues game. There is only one type of monster (demon) and you have to sneak up behind him to banish him. So it's all about timing. I think there are probably less than 20 of them in this entire game.- Collectables. There are a lot of clues to find. Some are necessary, some aren't. The necessary ones will be located in a limited area, so you can eventually find them. The other collectables are scattered around and you have to find them. This is going to either be great because you love these kinds of things or frustrating because some of them are hard to find. Each one tells a little bit more about the story and it's characters.The Good- Cutscenes. There are a lot of them, and I found them to be good. I know some folks hate games with lots of cutscenes. If that's you, look elsewhere.- Story. I really enjoyed the story. It's a dark mystery that you just can't help but want to solve. I felt the characters were engaging. They felt real and their struggles were believable.- Easy achievements. You will get most of the achievements without trying. There are some for collections too. Those ones I used a video walkthrough to help me find them all.- Simple investigations. So your job is to get clues and solve a mystery. This isn't the kind of game where the answer makes little sense. You collect as many clues as you can find and pick the answers based on them. You can solve a mystery without finding all the clues, but I recommend you find them all.- Time. This game didn't take long to complete and to get all of the achievements.Overall, I would recommend adding this to your wishlist. It's a really good game as long as you know what you are getting into. If you want an action packed game, this isn't for you. If you want to sit back, relax, and listen to a really cool story -- this game will be perfect."
76561198093189651,Recommended,233290,29573322,Posted: 29 January,all,JSkywalker38,Interesting game concept. Well paced and enjoyable story.  The puzzles could be more challenging
76561198056612792,Not Recommended,233290,10408291,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,HittyTittes,This game has a really good story behind it but it lacks a good amount of gameplay. I managed to finish it the day I bought it and that involved frequent breakes. There are definitly some glitches within the game still.
,Recommended,233290,10370050,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Saffishie,"Just finished the game.  My thoughts are as follows:GOOD:Unique concept with some cool abilities - passing through walls, posession and teleportationTONS of collectibles reveal more of the characters' backgrounds as well as history of the cityDecent voice acting, characters with believable motivationsInteresing blend of spirit world into the material world.  Ghosts are a nice touch, add to atmosphereEducational - I learned a lot about Salem and its history and locations - and enjoyed learning it (gasp!)BAD:RepetitiveEasy - no difficulty setting, no incentive to replayGraphics are.... meh.  I know it's nighttime, but expect LOTS of grays, browns, and fogDEMONS! Not scary, not difficult, just.... annoying.Fairly short.  Took me longer because I was hunting down collectibles, but expect much shorter completion timesif you're just following the storyUGLY:FOR GAWDS SAKE!  Would it have hurt to include an in-game map???So.  I liked the game, yet I can't help but feel it doesn't really live up to its potential.  Although there are some cool/unique or original mechanics, they are rare little glimmers in an overall sea of....meh.  By a small margin, I DO recommend it, but only some time down the road when it goes on sale, or as a rental (if you own a console).7/10"
,Recommended,233290,16430546,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Hitchet,"No way, metacritic rating is too low! This is a real masterpiece, unbelievably cinematic experience.9/10"
,Recommended,233290,10341568,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,NOVAx100,"This is a great game. As per usual, the crappy port from console tends to hamper the gameplay (damn you ubi/enix). If you are alright with paranormal themes and a L.A.NOIRE-esk detective game -- then you're going to enjoy this one. I've played about 1 hour and I find it fascinating and interesting both from the story's perspective and it's got me thinking about the afterlife in a logical and interesting way - it's neat.I encountered a glitch, my character walks / shudders at half/quarter speed as if he's walking in slow motion. He runs normal with L.Shift but goes back to painfully slow without it. I'm about to restart the game and see if it's fixed.So far I'd give this game 6.3 / 10Story                               7 / 10Mood/Emotion                6 / 10Graphics                          6 / 10Sound                             8 / 10Gameplay Mechanics      7 / 10Technical Mechanics       4 / 10 *glitchy movements"
76561198030584070,Not Recommended,233290,29052279,Posted: 5 January,all,Kwijlende BeVeR,"so i just finished the game, thought i check out the user reviews and was suprised they are so positive.First off, i dont hate the game, it was entertainig. But not more then that.When the game starts a girl explains you the game mechanics and tells you you can go into every building, which is not true. you just can go into a couple that are related to the story. The investigation part is pretty fun looking around for clues. and killing demons is also pretty fun, but also very easy.Other then that you're just looking for easter eggs. and when you hit the final chapter you cant return to look for them.It's pretty easy to figure out who the killer is since there are like 5 characters. I admit they still gave me a little suprise something i didnt see coming the entire time. Finished the game in 13 hours.To some it up: I'm happy i bought this on sale. Fun game when you'rew bored, but dont spend 30 euros on it because you'll be disappointed."
,Recommended,233290,26316144,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Guanjyn,You get to play as a cat.
76561198004419232,Not Recommended,233290,31756603,Posted: 14 May,all,Happiness Officer,"You might like if:You want to pace your way through a good story without much focus on the game itself.""Oh cool! Solving the mystery of your own murder. So it's a puzzle game... but with ghosts!""If only.""Missed opportunity"" is perhaps the best way to describe this one. It's not a bad game by any means, but the problem is the lopsided execution of stunning graphics with next-to-no gameplay. The concept is fantastic, but the banality of the actual meat of the game is downright bizarre. You have an adult story sitting on top of a children's educational game that teaches them the importance of nouns.If you're not too fussed about the gameplay though, this should be a decent bet as the writing and visuals are incredible. It's gorgeously dark and atmospheric, and the characters are engaging enough to have you care about them, despite being a little stereotypical. The twists and turns were very well executed and, if nothing else, was worth a playthrough to enjoy the full story. It's no Ghost Trick (for any DS fans out there), but was clever nonetheless.The problem is that the actual gameplay felt like an afterthought that was slapped on in order to give you something to actually do. You don't so much ""solve puzzles"" more ""repeat the question"" - You're given the scenario of ""ah! I can read this person's mind to find out more about my murder. But what can I do to jog their mind about my murder? What can I make them think about... in order to get more details on my murder?""Answer: ""My Murder""Seriously...? I put this down to being a tutorial, but this actually is how most of the puzzles in the game rolls. Others include a flashback of a terrified person being slaughtered with the caption ""This person is _____"" and you have to choose between adjectives like ""Bloody terrified"", ""Bored"" or ""On the brink of sexual ecstasy""... What is this? A mash-up of Reader Rabbit and Hercule Poirot?I'm not done yet.The ""investigation"" scenes involve you finding clues... which consist of walking around a room until you see the 'Interact' prompt appear, at which point you mash the interact button and be told why this clue is important. Collect all 20 and you can proceed by picking the key clues out of the ones you found, forcing you to make the difficult decision of deciding whether to follow possible leads from a murder weapon or a tin of blue paint.And then we get to the daemons. Bloody terrifying on first appearance and sends a shiver down your spine as you hear their screech, but ultimately become more of a story-blocking hassle than an actual threat. You can hide from them by hopping between conveniently-located hiding places (random husks floating indiscriminately in the middle of nowhere) which basically mean you play whack-a-mole with a daemon until you can sneak up on them and trigger the button combo to exorcise them (I recommend a controller here, as the keys are a bit awkward for exorcising on the WASD setup). If you fail... back to whack-a-mole until they get bored and patrol their little square route again.The final attempt to flesh out the game are random items dispersedall over the place... with no real incentive to collect the lot other than completionism, ghost stories and reading memoirs from Julia going ""Ronan is such a bad boy with his smoking... but he's well fit"".It's such a shame. Unfortunately a good story just isn't enough to hold the game on its own. It screams of potential but feels like a hollowed-out remnant of what could have been an incredible title."
76561197970368836,Not Recommended,233290,10393841,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,kotis,"The story in this is nice but really short. It took 9h for me to complete this. So 40€ for a 9h long ""movie"" you will get the same entertainment by watching this played by some one else in youtube"
,Recommended,233290,33675528,Posted: 20 July,all,Sillem,Game is AWESOME!!! Please make second part!!!!
,Recommended,233290,28843483,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,will824,"Murdered: Soul Suspect is a nice game, that perhaps falls short if you are a fan of Square Enix games.Graphics and animations are smooth, complemented by a nice interesting story with characters personalities that make you get to know more about them.Nevertheless it feels as if it did not achieve its full potential. The combat feels shallow and the final developments of the whole story do not add up nicely as one would expect.Overall it is a nice game, which I would recommend and definitely give IMHO a 8/10."
,Recommended,233290,24923518,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Grognard_87,"A really fun adventure game where you chase a notorious killer through Salem, but have many side-missions where you help ghosts move on by revealing what happened to them and why they were dead. Ontop of that, the collectables you find reveal horror stories based around Salem and they are VERY creepy and sound like real horror stories with the first one with the water boilers sounds similar to a real creepy story I heard about recently.The detective parts are somewhat irritating with what peice of evidence contributes to being ""Most Relevent"" and some it feels like ""Duh"" much like the main story where half-way through I already realised what the Killer's target was before the character did, but the twist at the end I never saw coming, but should've.Highly recommended for any fan of the paranormal and detective TV series too."
76561198028631170,Not Recommended,233290,10456801,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Mishima Mecanica,"I just finished the game in one and a half sittings. I'll go through some pros and cons that I came across while playing through the game quickly.Pros:+The concept. It is so extremely interesting and makes for some great gameplay. Ghosts are cool. :3c+The deduction segments. You actually have to remember stuff that you uncovered way back in order to advance, which I found enjoyable and realistic. No need for a pen and paper though as the game keeps your previous discoveries and presents them when needed.+The collectibles. These withhold some very interesting bits of history, character development and a few creepy♥♥♥♥♥ghost stories.+The setting. Salem is a town with an extremely rich and interesting history, which is uncovered through the collectibles.+Cats.Cons.-Character development. There isn't any really, apart from some of the collectibles.-The story. You will either like the story or be disappointed. You are kept in the shade until the very end, despite all your detective work. The ending is also Shayamalan levels of twisty,-The collectibles. Yes, these were both good and bad. The good thing is the info they contain, the bad thing is they are way too easy to collect. On my first playthrough, without using any walkthroughs and not stopping to explore every square inch of every area, I found around 80% of everything there is to be found. Most of them aren't even hidden in any way. Really cuts down on replay value.-The game is very short. My very first playthrough, which I went into completely blind, only took me 6 hours from start to finish while getting 80% of all the collectibles <_>. This is also the main reason for the lack of character development. The story takes place during just one night though, so I guess the plan was to make the game short from the get-go.-No new game plus. After finishing the game, if you continue from the last checkpoint you are placed right at the last scene, which the takes you to the credits again. The only other option is a new game.-The enemies. Too easy to get rid of. They pose no real challenge and don't even really slow you down.-The town. It is way too small to really bring that feel of exploration, and the various areas are split into separate zones.Overall the concept delivered really well. The game really puts you in that fantasy of being a ghost. I would've wished for more varied gameplay and more gameplay in general. The shortness of the game really destroys it. I wanted to love this game with all my heart but I just can't. The flaws are too numerous and too big to ignore.I feel it deserves to be played, but the price right now is way too high. Definitely grab it when it's put on sale"
76561198219906996,Recommended,233290,32614261,Posted: 21 June,all,ieht.nessnaj,Cool new spin on a detective game
,Recommended,233290,29847864,Posted: 11 February,all,PάиDá_𐌀ddїctёD,"I know that there are many negative comments on this game,but for me, I really enjoy this game, even though it's not that ""awesome""Pros:-Pretty nice story, at least I find it kinda interesting-Nice atmosphere(at some location)-Demon fight is pretty interesting, sometimes I find it challengingCons:-Linear playstyle, get bored after half way through the game-Puzzles are too easy, just walk around and find some interaction button, and no punishment for selecting wrong clues/badges-Autosave system. Only 1 save slot, and it's an autosave, U can't go back to the town to find those collectibles after the endingThat's my thought on this game, and the price is also not worth it, so buy it on a sale instead.I'd rate 7/10 for this game"
76561198074661690,Recommended,233290,34418107,Posted: 22 August,all,Horizontal,"I give this game a solid 7/10.I had great fun while playing this game, however i wouldn't recommend this at full price so ONLY buy this on sale. (Game is too short = 5-7 hours maybe.) The Voice Acting is good though, it will make you feel more immersed into the game.Conclusion = I do recommend this game BUT only on sale.*I could only play this with a controller for some reason. Luckily i still had my PS3 controller somewhere.*"
,Recommended,233290,22660177,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,tinit,"Murdered: Soul Suspect is an adventure game with stealth aspects. The storyline of this game is what makes you want to keep playing , there are alot of broken or just bad mechanics in the game - inspecting and collecting things seems to be very hit or miss whether u get the button prompt based on camera orientation on the object. They tried to add in a aspect of danger to the game via ""demons"" in my opinion this was only a negative aspect as the combat system is very unfullfling and tedious , i found my self just running past most of these parts of the game ( which i suppose is the stealth aspect they were trying to include).The storyline isnt exactly ground breaking and its probably what you expect from a game set in modern day ""Town of Salem"" it does try to have a few plot twist and turns to keep you immersed in the main story though. There are also side quest investigations in the town which really dont advance the main story and only serve to distract you for  a few minutes.The Graphics and art style of the game are very well done and do a good job of setting the atmospheric scene in the town/game. There are is fair amount of people living in this town the only down side to this is alot of the characters are duplicated which really takes away the immersive feeling the game is trying to capture with its graphics and storyline.Its a Short game but worth a play through ( Definitely worth a purchase if its on sale )"
,Recommended,233290,20638632,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Superior,"Murdered: Soul Suspect is a supernatural detective game which challenges players to solve their own murder case.+ Town looks great with the ""ghostly"" and ""mortal"" buildings mixed together.+ Voice acting+ Interesting lore and backstory about the town and the protagonist+ Good chemistry between the main characters+ Interesting storyline+ Side quests are fun- No replay value- Game is too short"
,Recommended,233290,23787425,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Atisz,"I was excited to try Murdered: Soul Suspect out as it had an interesting concept and Square Enix is one of those publishers whose name is a guarantee for a good game (well, most of the time it is). The game received average scores from critics upon its release, which is probably due to some false expectations. Worry not however, Murdered: Soul Suspect is a very good game, just don't make the mistake of expecting something it cannot provide.It features an 'over the shoulder' third-person view (as seen in Resident Evil 4 or Dead Space) that might lead you to believe that Murdered: Soul Suspect is an action-oriented game. It isn't. It is an adventure game that focuses on collecting clues and coming to conclusions with a pretty good story unfolding as we progress.The introduction is one of the most unique in video game history: we witness our own murder. The protagonist, Detective Ronan O'Connor is killed by a masked assailant, who turns out to be the Bell Killer, a serial murderer who's been killing the citizens of Salem (a fictionalized version of an existing town in Massachusetts, USA) seemingly randomly. As a ghost, Ronan meets Julia, his dead wife, who informs him that he is stuck between the world of the living and the afterlife and cannot join her until he solves a mystery connected to his life that binds him there. It isn't hard to guess, that this is related to the Bell Killer case and we'll have to unravel it if we ever hope to leave this passageway between life and death and join our wife.First we have to get used to what it feels like being a ghost (similar to what Patrick Swayze experienced in the movie Ghost): we can't directly operate objects, can't even open doors, but we can pass through them, if they aren't parts of Salem's Old Town, where houses were christened in order to keep ghosts away (it's a clever way of creating barriers, restricting where the player can travel). There are several ghost specific skills we can use, including the ability to see (and talk to) other ghosts, telekinetic powers and even teleporting (most of these become availabe at certain points of the game). The best and most useful thing however is the ability to possess others, so we can mildly influence them and - even better - read their minds. There are parts where we can also possess a cat (!), which allows us to to reach otherwise inaccessible areas.There are several cases we can solve throughout the game (these are optional) besides our own and they are worth completing. In these cases we can help other ghosts by uncovering informations about their deaths and these side-quests are responsible for probably the best - both touching and satisfying - moments in the game,The old woman with the hair rollers, seen from the intro, for example is responsible for killing a girl who was partying too loud.Also there are little ghost tales (basically urban legends) known from horror stories. As soon as we find the given number of related objects (for example 7 pieces of boilers) we can listen to the narrated story related to that specific item (boiler -> A Watery Grave, in which a tenant finds out why the water coming from the local boiler turns brown).It's a nice little touch and adds much to the eerie atmosphere.The main story is interesting as well of course (of which I'm not going to tell anything about, for obvious reasons). Besides trying to figure out who the Bell Killer is we can find memories which unfolds the background story of the main characters (Ronan and Julia): we come to know how our hero, who had quite a criminal record, became a police officer and fell in love with Julia, the sister of one of his colleagues. It's like reading through Julia's diary, learning about her feelings towards Ronan, how she struggled with her own mental issues and how she finally said yes, when he asked her to become his wife, despite still not knowing much about Ronan. In the end Murdered: Soul Suspect provides us with a love story as well.As I mentioned before, the gameplay consists of collecting evidences and clues, crime scene investigations, talking to other people/ghosts (surprisingly the game doesn't punish us for jumping to wrong conclusions) and is occasionally interrupted by action/stealth segments. This is probably what might have confused some people deciding what genre this game is. In these parts we'll have to hide from or dispose of demons who are hunting ghosts like us. They come in 2 varieties: the floor demons (stationary, can be easily avoided) and floating demons. The latter type is far more dangerous, because they can quicky catch and kill us. In order to kill them we have to sneak behind them and press the right combinations of buttons. They can be lured away by possessing nearby crows or we can hide in ghost residue and - as strange as it sounds - inside humans, waiting for the ideal moment to strike. This is the part that received many criticism, because it goes against the regular gameplay of the game. In my opinion though it just gives some thrilling moments to the adventure. If you fail and die, nothing happens, the game lets you retry from the point the demons appeared. The end of the game also contains timed events, you'll have a limited amount of time beating your enemy, something that wasn't common until then, but it does make sense (it would feel odd, running around while irreversible events occur).The game features some amazingly well designed characters, from which I'd like to highlight Joy, the teenager medium whose facial expressions and acting are almost as real and good as of a real actor. Unfortunately the antagonist is not so memorable and it deducts from the overall value at the final confrontation. I personally also didn't find Ronan that interesting, They tried to made him unique with all the tatoos and extravagant clothing, but for me it just made him distant, someone who is hard to identify myself with.The visuals of the game are simply amazing: it uses Unreal Engine 3 and it really shows what this engine is capable of. Eveything looks amazingly beautiful and the eerie, foggy and dark (the whole game plays during nighttime) environment is especially noteworthy. You might want to turn bloom off and pick normal AA (anti-aliasing) instead of the other modes though for better quality (something which I figured out late in the game).http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=660766194The sound is exceptionally good as well: the environmental audio is remarkable, finally a game where it pays off having a surround sound system. I remember playing Baldur's Gate and Thief the first time in 5.1 and the difference in sound was amazing. It applies to here as well. The noises in the cemetery, the owl hooting really makes you feel like you were there. While the music isn't memorable (actually I don't remember any of it) the characters voices are amazingly good, thanks to the great voice actors. Again, I have to mention Joy, whose voice actress, Cassidy Lehrman does an outstanding job.Overall, Murdered: Soul Suspect creates the impression of a game made with love, by an unknown developer, Airtight Games. It takes you on a memorable adventure, that's certainly not too long (took me 36 hours, but I explored every nook and cranny, something I usually do in good games) and unusual (an adventure game where you have no inventory - you're a ghost after all). Just don't make the mistake of confusing it with an action game (despite the over the shoulder point of view) and you are guaranteed to have a good time. On the other hand 29.99€ might be a bit too much for it (because of its relative shortness), so try to grab it during a sale.PROS+ very beautiful visuals+ good, enjoyable main plot, very good sidequests+ lots of investigating+ emotionally movingCONS- some underdeveloped important characters- might seem odd for lovers of classic adventure gamesRATING8/10"
76561198033588941,Recommended,233290,11411073,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,MajorRichardSharpe,Forget about bad reviews you have read about this game.It's simple. You can be a kitty cat.10/10 would press Q to meow again!
,Recommended,233290,10376634,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Ami Kawashima,"Dear Murdered: Soul Suspect's creators,Games that don't work...I add you to the list. Don't you love spending money on a game and then the game♥♥♥♥♥♥slaps you by telling you it won't respond? The game does not respond as if we have been married for twenty years. All I know is, I wish I could get my money back so I don't just have a steam game lying in the library taunting me with its broken and money whoring ways. I just wish technology was kinder to me in my online pioneering whilst searching for decent games. I was looking forward to this game and everything it would incorporate, but ♥♥♥♥ that. Maybe after a few years the game will lighten up and let me enjoy it. This game could be awesome, but honestly as long as it is sitting there mocking me I will despise it until the day I die. I may never be the same again after I saw that first ""Isn't Responding"". I started to doubt myself and all my purchases; I looked back on all my steam games; I contemplated emptying my library on steam and resigning as a gamer. This game disgraces every other game before it in history because IT DOES NOT WORK! I would rather be forced to play the entire ""I Wanna Be The _____"" series and all of its rage-inducing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t then sit at my damn computer just jerking it as this game does not respond as if it's on its period or something and is not in the mood. I pray to Allah that this game one day fixes itself because otherwise that was just a waste of stripper tipping money. Thank you Murdered: Soul Suspect - you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Love,Yours Truly,BL0ODEYES"
,Recommended,233290,10349287,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,WoolyMan,"Alright, let me start this short review out by saying that this game is not worth $49.99.  If you're going to get it, wait until it is on sale, because while it is a good game, it is not nearly long enough for it to be worth that much money.  I do recommend it because it is a game that has aspects very similar to L.A. Noire, but without the open-world gameplay features.  The story was great!  I just really wish the game would have lasted longer, but I can see how Square-Enix might have felt like they would be dragging it on if they did make it even bigger.  Perhaps more episodes or dlc with another character or something?  Overall, my score is an 8 out of 10 for Murdered: Soul Suspect."
,Recommended,233290,10342453,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,DingoZombie,"great game, great story. Played it in one sitting type of game you don't want to put down till it is done."
,Recommended,233290,15016507,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Paul Newman,"+: For me it had investigations as part of environment exploration, which i didn't have enough in AC Unity, and ghosty spooky theme I got compelled to after Beyond: Two Souls, and also nice story and fitting location.-: But action gameplay is meh, stealthing for ghost wedgies gets tedious after first dozen times, and then I just curse at raven placement I didn't notice. And some other stuff gets to hidden, doing 100% would be quite painful, so it's uninstalled right after ending.There's Ghost Stories worthy set of bonuses for collecting, but you can just watch it here and not waste time on looking for bloody final piece:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwrOyoyY9Vk"
,Not Recommended,233290,16719007,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,ZanyScum,"Overview11 hours until the end36/48 achievementsI am not a great adventure fan, so for one of these, things might be different.This game has some of the worst aspects of adventures, the very reasons why I do not like most adventures.There will be spoilers, so if you don't want them, stop reading.The good clues:I like the graphics and the sound. I like the idea about being a ghost who searches his murderer very much. Mindreading people is fun for 10 minutes until you realize that it is good for nothing if you are not currently searching for clues.The bad clues:It starts with the bad experience in the first scene, you have to search for clues. You are even told how many there are and how many you already have.You think, ""cool, searching a murder scene for clues"".You saw in a video what happened, you were thrown through a window from high above. So why is broken glass a ""clue""? Why? Why is your gun a clue? You have to find.. don't know 7 or 9 clues and you get NO new info out of these clues.And it is really as bad as in my first adventures, more than 20 years ago. You have to find the pixel which is the clue. But is worse than 20 years ago, because you do not just move your mouse, you move a character and the character has too look at the pixel.Next scene, you have to find x/y clues. After a while you realize, it is again moving around until you get the info that you are looking at a clue. Cool...not. It gets worse. You don't believe me? It GETS worse.You will get no hint in that direction, but sometimes, for example in the second scene, you will not find all clues, but you have to conclude from your already found ""clues"".These conclusions are the worst you can imagine. Nope. That is not true. They are worse.There is NO logic (no human logic at least) behind the decision which picture is the right to chose.Then, after this is done, sometimes you have new sensitive pixels in the scene. Somewhere.Sometimes it is so bad, you KNOW that there, at exact that spot has to be the pixel you want to ""find"" (google, walkthrough or load game), but you have to move and turn and snake around the pixel until you get it.So, what have we until now? Pixel searching, clues which give you no clue and missing logic in the conclusions you HAVE to make.Can it get worse?It can.But at least it is a taste thing. Some - adventure lovers - will see it as normal, some - as me - will start to hate.You see, there will be puzzles. These will be of the kind: ""I am a ghost and have no clue, help me"". Then you search a radus of 5 meters around the ghost for x/y clues (you remember that one, right?) and will come to totally unlogic conclusions and ""puff"", the ghost is happy and goes away to heaven. Yeah, real police stuff, you know.And then, then there are the demons. In a game about ghosts, why should be there no demons you ask?Because they are used as action/stealth elements which make the game longer, have you die and get you to curse a lot.If you find in the steam forum some message about ""how to disable demons"", then you know, you are not alone with your frustration. These demons do not really make sense for the story of the game. STOP! NO THEY DON'T!They just get in your way when you want to continue with the story.Oh oh. The story.I have to say, the story is kind of good and interesting. But had I known how brutal the game (what is told and what you see in backflashes) will become, I would not have bought it.I do not like brutality or sadism in my games. And I like really happy endings in my games.I was sad when the story ended, not because the game was finished, I was so happy that I was done with it,but I was sad because the story told about horrid fates of young friendly girls who just had wanted to help others.ConclusionIf you a an adult adventure lover, get it. You will love it, I fear.For all others, keep away, don't get it, not even cheap. Just DO NOT GET IT!And do NOT give it to your children to play it. I think, the story is just too brutal. At least for me.Do NOT buy!"
,Recommended,233290,33135479,Posted: 2 July,all,xtractor,This Game  should Do A FILM of it ..its That good story
76561198039903941,Not Recommended,233290,26442217,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,GG Wentworth [LAG],"I wanted to like this game, but then I played it.  Pretty much every mechanic in the game is handled poorly.  Most of the puzzles in the game consist of you searching the crime scene to collect a pool fo mostly useless clues and then picking the correct one out of the list when prompted.  Hmm, which clue is related to the Bell Killer?  Could it be the one that just says ""Bell Killer""? Yes, yes it is.  Every time.   90% of the ""puzzles"" are exactly this.  No creative or deductive thought is required to finish this game.  The only other major mechanic in this game is demons.  They are one of the worst mechanics of any game I've ever played.  Basically they are like wandering sentries that you have to sneak up on to destroy.  If they spot you they chase you around for a couple of minutes.  They are never fun.  They are only annoying hinderences that stop you from continuing the story.  They were obviously slapped onto the game to make things more ""difficult"" and drag the game out.  Without them you could probably finish the game in a couple of hours.  Most of which is walking back and forth between the various crime scenes in the absolutely tiny town of Salem.  There are a bunch of collectibles to find throughout the game, but unless you collect all of them of a given type you don't get anything out of it.  And when you do finally get them all you are rewarded with a crappy little short story about someone's death.  The overall story of the game is ok I guess.  It has some serious problems, but relative to how bad the rest of the game is, I guess it gets a pass.  It does not however make slogging through the rest of the game worth it.  I'll give the game some credit though, the title is sort of clever."
76561197971020495,Recommended,233290,23881128,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Gamazson,"It is not a long game, but the storyline is enjoyable. Collecting things to unlock some fully voiced ghost stories is also cool. I can't recomend it at full price, but if you pick it up while on sale, it won't disapoint."
,Recommended,233290,14577518,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Rogue,"Interesting and engaging adventure game.  Gameplay is 95% walking around finding hidden clues and talking to people.  The other 5% are quicktime events to defeat demons which are quite easy (and you can avoid some of them if you want).  I enjoyed the game's premise of trying to solve your own murder as a ghost.  The story is good - not great - but good.  Your character is likable, the dialog is reasonably well written, and the locations and plot points are well realized.  I enjoy hunting down hidden items in games, and this game offers that in plenty.  Most are reasonably easy to achieve, and some are quite cleverly hidden.  One set of collectibles though, the ghost girl drawings, are very difficult because you do not see them in the environment - you have to walk close to the walls and a ""reveal"" prompt will pop up if there is one there.If you like adventure games and murder mysteries I think you will enjoy this game.  Best of all, it does not overstay its welcome.  Steam says I completed the game in 12 hours and I was quite slow and deliberate in playing (trying to find all the collectables)."
,Recommended,233290,14605852,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Daidric,Lot of fun. Iconic. Great for collectable-lovers. And detective story-lovers. Very L.A. Noire-ish.
,Recommended,233290,15699800,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,LovableDream,"I enjoyed this game.  Since you're a ghost, you can walk through walls. Which is great, right? Because you can go anywhere. ""Whoa! Wait a minute!""  yells Soul Suspect. ""Sure, you can walk through walls. But you can't walk through...ghost walls! """
,Recommended,233290,32655072,Posted: 22 June,all,Dead Weight,"I would definitely reccomend this game for someone who likes story over action. There are some ""demons"" to contend with but it's not the easiest. That was probably my least favorite part of the game; the ""combat"" just sort of slowed down the story and made things frustrating. That said, this /is/ a story and not so much the usual game? There are some ""twists"" you see coming and some you can be pleasantly surprised by. The controls are very, very minorly glitchy/loose if you get stuck somewhere or try to do things while being ""killed."" A couple of the side stories are groan-worthy just because they tiptoe into the realms of ""wait, they didn't set that up at all!"" and ""of course she was, because drama,"" but it's only a couple out of quite a few. Unfortunately some of the investigation/detective work is sort of... nonsensical. ""What would make her think about this?!"" F***ing... I don't know, the very last thing that makes the least amount of sense?Not very long, but if you can get it on sale totally go for it. Just don't expect shootouts."
,Recommended,233290,25722174,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Soraiwa,"+great story+you can pass the walls (you are a ghost) I complated all achievements and didn't see any bugsİf you dont fallow achievements and try to finish the game directly, the game will be finish about 3 or 4 hours so I recommend you to play like you are a detective because story is good and you enjoy a lot like that."
76561197969749884,Recommended,233290,24143587,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"A crime noir ghost story. Not perfect, but quite entertaining and story driven. Loved it."
,Recommended,233290,14408704,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,darkuni,"I really enjoyed the hell out of this game.  Sure it isn't without its shortcomings, several mentioned in other reviews - but overall, a great game.  Great story, great voice acting - yes, the body possession could have been used more, but instead of complaining about what the game isn't - I really appreciate what the game is.This is very story driven.  You will encounter a few ""arcade like"" moments where you'll need some dexterity - but overall, the game is at your own pace - and there is plenty to do.  There is a lot to explore, several backstories to uncover.  Yes, you could power through it but the explorer can find lots to do running around Salem.Oddly, it was a lot like playing the movie The Frightners.At $6 it is a no brainer - if you're even remotely interested grab it on sale.  Even at full price, I would not have felt ripped off.Seriously recommended."
76561198021038078,Recommended,233290,33666354,Posted: 19 July,all,Recremen,"Great stories, crappy mechanics.  It can't decide if it wants to hold your hand or leave you to the wolves, but at least nothing about the game is especially hard.  Also has a bad habbit of the clues being either way too obvious or way too obscure.  ""What will remind [character] of The Church?"" (answer, it's The Church).  Once it even just zooms in on the correct clue for you, because four choices is just too much for you to parse I guess.  Great for a dozen or so hours of casual gaming with excellent narrative elements.  I can't stress enough how much the various stories make up for the rotten gameplay!"
,Recommended,233290,31952440,Posted: 25 May,all,мяFunreal,"I am writing this review whilst the unskippable end credits are playing.This game is essentially a point and click game with an unique story.You get murdered and have to find the murderer. But you'll figure out that this is not just a guy going around murdering people, he has a very special reason to kill people.While you're trying to solve this big case, you'll encounter smaller cases that you can solve, unfortunately most of the clues required to solve those cases are all in the same place. (Of course that's realistic, clues are not scattered around the map, but having them all there is not so much fun).but what is fun are the ghost stories collectibles. Collect a given amount of items and you'll get to hear a approximately three minute long story about ghosts or spooky encounters.The rules of being a ghost is kinda weird, but i think those are made to make the game more interesting.A ghost can only enter/leave a house through an open window or door, but once inside you can walk through literally everyting except for the floor/ceiling or ghostly remains of things. Example: you have a hallway that you have to walk through. humans can walk there, but in the ghost world, there's a high security gate that the player can not get through. Instead, you have to walk through a closed gate from the human world (because you can just pass it like anything else) and have to make a detour.Anyways. This gameisfun. Just a little expensive. If you like point and click games i would definetly reccomend you to buy this game once it's on sale."
,Recommended,233290,24818130,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Will,"Get on sale.Good detective story, pretty gripping, and in fact my time played was split across two sessions only.It did what it wanted to do quite well. Pretty tense as well at some points. Bit like L.A. noire if you're looking for that sort of thing. Shorter, mind you.People are right in saying that what little ""combat"" there is gets tiring after a while, but thankfully it's not at all the main focus of the game."
76561198093620842,Recommended,233290,10347129,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Diamond Nips,"tHIS GAME IS AMAZINING AND BEUATIFUL.  Depending on your system, there will be framerate drops, that is what system requirment is for.  This game doesn't focus on the gameplay or fighting, it focus on the story.  So I don't want to hear any more complaints on that you are limited being a ghost.  Its a video game and you have to draw a line somewhere.  The plot was amazing and shocked me.  There is a few twists that made me go,""no way."" It has great plot, and smooth gameplay.  It is defintly wort the money.  You are missing out if you don't get this."
,Recommended,233290,10378488,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,roBz,"So i have also finished the game now and its one of the best singleplayer games i have played in a long time.As someone else said in his review i cant either understand why all the reviews of the game from the news gaming sites is so bad...Its true that the game doesnt have any combat other then the demons that you have to get past from time to time. But this game doesnt need that, you are supposed to figure out your murder and other murders aswell, And thats done really well!!I also enjoyed the story alot, i love how you walked around and found story about the city, Ronan himself and his wife.I didnt feel like the game was scary but i did have alot of goosebumps playing through this game, and that for one thing tells me it was an amazing game!!This game is a 10/10 for me."
,Recommended,233290,18485160,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Cool emo,"A neat game.You have to solve your own murder to move on from being a ghost.The game takes place in the town of Salem, which is very famous for it's witch trials. The voice acting is good and the writing is stellar.Overall a very good game."
,Recommended,233290,11758545,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Jero,"Murdered: Soul Suspect was a game I've been heavily anticipating ever since I saw it in action. I expected something along the lines of Ghost Trick mixed with L.A. Noire. What I got instead was essentially a much better Beyond Two Souls and that in of itself isn't a bad thing.Taking place in Salem, Massachusetts, you play as the deceased Detective Ronan O'Connor. Murdered by a mysterious serial-killer, he finds out that the only way to pass on to the afterlife and reunite with his dead wife is to figure out the murders identity identity so he may leave this mortal plane. It's a decent Whodunit story with a lot of interesting side-stories unlocked through collectibles.My biggest problem with this game is the gameplay or lack thereof. For what it's worth, I did enjoy Murdered: Soul Suspect when you realize the game isn't trying to be Ghost Trick or LA Noire, but this is something you'll notice more and more as you'll go along. I actually think it starts out pretty well. You walk through walls, talk to fellow ghosts, discover their stories through detective work. It all seemed fine until you find out that's that where it stops. It never gets any harder, better more complex, better. The game doesn't offer much depth and at worse, becomes less interesting for the player. All you do is press X to evidence. There are no fail states in the investigation sections. There are no incentives to actually think logically and not randomly guess at what the game throws at you besides meaningless tokens and even then the game is incredibly easy. ""Oh, I wonder what memory will remind this witness of the killer. Hmm... could it perhaps be this thought bubble right here called THE KILLER?"" I admit, sometimes possessing a human and hearing his thoughts can be kinda cool, but it really doesn't enough with the concept. You never manipulate their actions unless it's for something incredibly mundane, never use them to walk around, there are no puzzles to solve, it just feels like a missed opportunity.Besides there's not really much to talk about. You can occasionally posses cats to find a new path to your objectives, you can try to find these loads of collectibles or.... fight random demons? Yeah, even though it's not relevant to the plot at all, you have to sneak past these dementor-like creatures or take these things down from behind stealthily, the latter being the most common. This isn't even a rare occurrence, this happened more then I could count. It's not all bad and sneaking past them does sometimes work, but why is this even here? This has no point other then to waste my time! The combat in this game couldn't be more tacked on even if you tried. I also thought using quicktime events to defeat them was incredibly annoying, because the buttons you need to press are randomized every time, but at the very least, you're given a surprisingly large amount of of time to get the right ones down so if there's one thing to praise them for it's that.It's with this that I realized that the game isn't trying to deep in terms of gameplay and that it's going for a specific audience who don't really want to put much thought into their gaming. With that said, I still had a good time with Murdered: Soul suspect. Like I said before, the story is good and that's really what they wanted to tell here. The lightning effects and shading are some of the best I've ever seen in a computer game however this comes with the unfortunate side effect of your game for thirty seconds just to load the next area. This isn't exclusive to the PC version, even the next-gen versions suffer from frame rate drops, stutters and others but technical hiccups aside, I'd say the game is still worth a purchase, but not for full price obviously. If you're still not convinced: all I'm saying is that I'll take a Murdered: Soul Suspect which simplifies a lot of aspects about its genre then the latest 6 Final Fantasy games or so."
76561198190219990,Not Recommended,233290,30350570,Posted: 5 March,all,derlanders,"Being an old-time fan of the venerable Scapeghost by Level Nine, I grabbed this one with high expectations. And it's all there: You get to walk through walls, read people's minds, interfere with TV Sets and solve your own murder case. All that with Unreal-Engine powered graphics, a teenage punk medium and evil demons chasing you - what could possibly go wrong? The intro sequence showing the protagonist's past being inscribed as tattoos on his body was nice storytelling as well, so I was really, really ready to like and recommend this after like ten minutes.The setting is also fitting, with run-down buildings, a creepy cemetary and, of course, an asylum, all set within Salem which drips with atmosphere all by itself.And then it feels like the guys or girls with the nice ideas went to do something else, or got fired, or had no more time left.First, after being introduced with a rich background and ambiguous personality, the characters put all their dimesions aside and do exactly what you'd expect them to, in a mildly stereotypic way that makes them feel like copies from a couple of similar movies you just can't remember right now. This is especially true for side characters. No one expects brilliant writing for every single one-line (to be exact, two-line) character, but whatever chance for creepy, humorous or kinky or otherwise interesting background was given by the setting, nearly none of that was taken. And apart from five relevant persons and a couple of side-quest givers, everyone is a two-line character.Second, the game mostly progresses through you doing ""police work"". In itself, that wouldn't be much of a problem, as ghost stories and crime stories usually go quite well together. But this game relies more on your stuff collecting skills than on any form of crime puzzle solving. Any hint you may find has a generic one-line description but you won't ever read one, as you get an informative clip once you found 9/9, 15/15 or 20/20 hints, I think you can guess the mechanics. Any combination or deduction is done by the game itself by letting you choose from some heavily hinted options.Apart from the main story, there are bonus tidbits scattered everywhere. Once you found x/x of these, you get told a ghost story and go on. Some of the tidbits require jump-and run episodes, some the use of ghost abilities, but there is no other interconnection between them and the rest of the game. Same goes for side quests.The plot actually does not feel that bad, but the shallow, ""consoley"" approach to it, repetitive gameplay and thin dialogue, the tedious fights, the linear progression and the lots of walking didn't do it for me. It is an action game without action trying to be an adventure without puzzles. Which is a real pity because it does have production value."
,Recommended,233290,29917091,Posted: 14 February,all,Admm,"Very predictable storyline. A sherlock-esque kind of game. Overall, it's a good mystery game. I just wish that the game were a little bit longer since I found it very quick and direct. -100 for the demons."
,Recommended,233290,19622387,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,rioterwolf,"A very interesting game. At first, I didn't like the fact that you play as a ghost, but putting clues together to find out what's happened was really interesting, enjoyable and fun.+ The atmosphere -> incredible+ Graphics -> awesome+ Voice acting -> great+ Story -> interesting & so good+ The plot twist is awesome!"
76561197970507375,Recommended,233290,25065417,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Squake,"I had not played this game because of bad press it got at release.  But I did buy it during one of Steams sales.  I am very glad that I did end up playing this game as I had a fun time.  The story has holes in it, but overall it was a very nice game to play."
76561198044500070,Recommended,233290,26167598,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,jake.green,"I reallly liked the story and atmosphere of this game, the game mechanisms click usually on the first try.  If you are looking for horror and mystery, stop looking and make your purchase. Then install, get in the mood, place your self in dark comfy room and start playing.I would like to discover more games like this one."
,Recommended,233290,10348924,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,DrSenzuBean,"An excellent game! It's short like people have said, but it was satisfying nonetheless! The game is priced correctly for such a short game (~8 hours), at 10 dollars off a normal priced one. It's not something you'll be playing for weeks and I am actually refreshed by that. It's totally story driven and doesn't pretend to be something it's not. The creepy atmosphere always had me wondering what was around the corner (or what was through the next wall!). I tried my best to guess who the killer was and by all accounts I failed at that. If you want to take a break from that FPS and sit down with a good story-driven game, pick this one up! Totally happy with every aspect!"
,Recommended,233290,10341256,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Ulrich Firelord,"A truly great game.  An engaging story told through a unique play style.  The only negative thing I'd have to say was that, for me, trading cards didn't work.  Other than that I couldn't put the controller down and finished the game in one sitting."
,Recommended,233290,10353240,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Fsyco,"If L.A. Noire was like a big budget, 3D version of Ace Attorney, then this is sort of like a big budget, 3D version of Ghost Trick (which was made by the same people as Ace Attorney). Also pardon the pun, but this does feel a bit like a 'spiritual successor' to L.A. Noire, except with the focus mostly on the investigating, and some action-ish segments. Basically, if you like any of the other three games I mentioned above, you'll probably like this.It is a little on the short and easy side, but that just means that no frustrating gameplay gets in the way of the player ploughing through the plot. The writing is a little predictable, and I managed to call most of the major plot developments within the first hour, but I still wanted to know what happened next, and to be fair I was wrong about a few things. The investigating of crime scenes is pretty fun and easy, and there's also some stealth sections where you have to sneak about excorcising some genuinely creepy demons.There's also collectable story bits, like the thoughts of Ronan's wife or newspaper articles about the killer. In addition, each level and the over world has a unique set of collectable items (or rather, the same item you have to scavenge for 8-19 times) that, when all collected, get you a little narraration of a ghost story. Fair Warning: some of those are an absolute ♥♥♥♥♥ to find if you want to 100% them."
76561198014958621,Not Recommended,233290,14648368,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,M.o.M.ᴬᴱ,"The game is ok. Detective stuff, ghost stuff, poltergeist stuff. Fine. Among these stuff, there are collectibles stuff. 170+ collectible stuff. I collected as much stuff as I possibly could, and I figured before finishing the game I can watch a video of the missed stuff, so I can recover those stuff. Well, the last stuff I needed to collect are in the museum. The same museum that you enter at the end of the game to finish the game, WITHOUTH having the chance to collect your museum missed stuff. I can't unlock the last 2-3 achievments because of 3-4 missed collectibles stuff. I deleted the game without even seeing the end, seeing who is the murderer and seeing the bright light (I presume), because frankly...without all the stuff, I don't give a sh*t how this game will end. Don't get me wrong. I'm a story kind of guy. I like story games, but the rage I just got towards the developers of the game is so huge, that I don't care about their story. And don't judge me...I like the word ""stuff"". I hope some day I will have the chance to permanetly remove this game from my library."
76561198277633459,Recommended,233290,34520614,Posted: 26 August,all,leegirl1993,So i really enjoyed this game... my only complaint is that i wish that it was longer! i beat it fairly quick!
76561198074942397,Recommended,233290,10463925,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Missmamma (Hotgamingmamma),Nearly 9 hours long but has a really good story line . throws achivements at you if thats the thing you like. Loads of collectables to be found but all in all a very good game and lots of fun and some tiny little jumpy bits that you wouldnt expect but its a very good game vey well optimised great sounds and graphics i would say its well worth the price so yes i would recommend this game :)
76561197993357150,Recommended,233290,25962516,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Chill,"Spoiler Alert: The main character dies. The good news is that it happens right at the start of the game. Then the game gets going. However, unlike some God of War clone this isn't a revenge fueled bloodbath of carnage and destruction. There isn't an ocean of ""enjoy to destroy"" cannon fodder to kill/loot on the way to the final boss. This is a supernatural redemption story in the vein of Ghost or Always with a dash of The Frighteners thrown in for a bit of fun.The bulk of the game will be exploring mutliple crime scenes as you piece together not only the reason for your own murder, but the deaths of many fellow spirits that you encounter along your main quest. In some regards I am reminded of the forensic analyst role from Heavy Rain. Once you have gathered enough clues in the crime scenes you can attempt to discern the next location that your journey takes you. The good news is that, unlike Heavy Rain, this game does not rely on timing based quicktime events to tell the story.However, the only real combat in the game does rely on a tried and true quicktime mechanic. This involves sneaking up behind the occasional demon and performing a stealth kill sequence to banish it. This involves a random quicktime sequence where you a flashed a direction to press along with an appropriate button/key. Not that deep.TL;DR version: If you are a casual gamer that isn't looking to mindlessly button mash your way through a plotless demon horde this is a nice change of pace. If you want some thing procedural like the Kings Quest, Monkey Island or Quantic Dream created games (Indigo Prophecy, Heavy Rain, Beyond) then you'll enjoy the storytelling. It would really fit in nicely with that friend that owns all the Telltale Games titles. Just don't expect a lot of white knuckle fragging."
76561198022820771,Not Recommended,233290,13014224,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,SocioPsycho,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtu37YI0oGU&list=UU7_-PLIhjsEBwIQXqKxmNpAMurdered: Soul Suspect is a console port detective game with a horroratmosphere that plays more like an interactive movie than a game.  Right offthe bat, I was unimpressed by the whopping 30 frames per second that thisgame runs at, followed shortly by the delayed lineup of subtitles to speech.The story was cheesy and doesn't fit with the objective of the game;starting out by stating that your ultimate goal is to reunite with a lost love,but then not mentioning that relationship for the bulk of the game.  As for the gamebeing a detective game, I would disagree with that and state that it is morelike a hidden object game that requires you search out 'clues' in a predeterminedlocation.  There is no deduction needed; all the clues are in one place, andthe game holds your hand by leading you to the next clue and askingrediculously obvious questions.The ghosts, while contributing to the atmosphere, did absolutely nothingto add to the game.  For the most part, they were all from the same time period,and were supposed to add a spooky element, but as you are also playing as aghost, and they disappear when you get close, they were more of a waste of timethan anything else.I enjoy watching movies, but I buy games in order to, oh I don't know,play a game!  This game played like a cinematic movie, with about 20-25%of the game actual gameplay, and the rest being cinematic movies or dialogue.Being made to move all across the mapp to get to the next action point does notcount as gameplay;  it is wasting time.If you are interested in the story of this game, I would recommend goingto YouTube and watching the cinematics strung together rather than buy this game.It treats you, the player, as if you are an idiot that can't figure out anythingfor yourself.  Graphically the game gets by, as well as the level design.  Thestory is acceptable, but what little gameplay there is designed for thosethat can't deduce anything for themselves.  As a game, I cannot recommend this,if it can even be called a game.For more details, see the linked video review, as this is a basic summary ofwhat I cover in my video.Thanks for your viewership and support for more videos check click here.http://www.youtube.com/user/SocioPyscho"
76561198054287810,Not Recommended,233290,12740881,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,rambalac,"Primitive Game with primitive, very short and totally linear story and primitive puzzles and no evolution. Even 75% sale is money wasting."
,Recommended,233290,10342387,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,mudjoe2,my personal favorite fedora simulator for 2014
,Recommended,233290,12938770,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Iscoria,Pros:+ Straightforward without being to easy+ Nice dialogue and stories+ Interesting and useful ghost-abilities+ Lots of little things to discoverCons:- Tricky layout of the town and no mapI definitely recommend this game! Cosy/creepy in just the right amounts
,Recommended,233290,13348489,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Mitty,"I must stop the Bell Killer!No Ronan, you are the Bell Killer.And then Ronan was a ghost."
,Recommended,233290,11609951,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,C'Thulhu,"Great game, more like an interactive story than an action packed game. Sadly was very short, beat the game in 8 hours and I wasted time searching for objects."
76561198001234825,Recommended,233290,14724114,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Jyrka,"I have to give credits to this game because, it tried something diffrent and new experience to me and it was quite entertaining to play it+Setting that is not overused+Story+graphics+Great storys, when you hit all collectibles+Did not expect the outcome+pacing+Envoirment filicking ghosts and so on.+Sound effects/for semi open world game it is quite linear/Why objects get into ghost world-One type of enemy-This game could use some scaresAs you can see i enjoyed this game quite much, and i would like to see AAA developers to make games that aint your typical year after year releases."
76561197998652859,Recommended,233290,10399172,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,RainbowBrite,"Game content a little too short for the $50 price, but otherwise a very well-made game. No bugs or crashes experienced. Spending time on the collectibles extends the game time. The graphics and ghost gameplay are excellent. The puzzles are relatively easy. Little combat. It's more of an interactive movie with free-roaming."
76561197988157156,Recommended,233290,10399473,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,tintin1961(STP_UK),Nice graphics with  detailed cut scenes and a well designed plot.
,Recommended,233290,13708953,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,The Adventurer,PROS:+keeps you on the edge of your seat every minute+nice plot+lengthy gameplay if side cases are completed and all ghost stories are found+an infinite cigarette+graphics are awesomeCONS:-cut scenes are not well laid out-killing of the demons is limited only to assassinations from behind
,Recommended,233290,18336235,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,satsun,"This is a game where you are a police detective and you have to solve your own murder and can solve other cases in the meantime (while you're a ghost). The game takes place in Salem, Massachusetts and uses the Salem Witch Trials as the premis for the story. The game appears to be educational on the subject, but I can't tell you if everything they reference is fact; I did learn that Germany also had witch trials decades earlier.I had no technical issues with the game and I completed the game over the weekend in around eight hours. I enjoyed it enough that I played through it over two days. It's not at all a difficult or challenging game, but I feel like it was different enough to make me want to play through, help people, and find out what I could regarding the story and I was pleased.The replay value is very low to me, but it was definitely worth the one playthrough."
,Recommended,233290,21445127,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Darturias,"I'm going to give this game a positive review because the concept, the way that the story is presented to the player, the developement of the characters and the ambientation are so great that it's impossible to give it a bad rating.But seriously, all the issue with being haunted by demons and the poor automated saving system makes you want to punch the screen a couple of times during the gameplay.The puzzles are OK to have a relaxed evening in your home, nor very challenging, but that's not necessarily bad."
,Recommended,233290,10355970,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Dan,not a bad game game play is different than what your used too story is intersting and makes u keep coming back
,Recommended,233290,14368879,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,BOB,"Mix of horror, thriller, crime and adventure with a great storyline. I bought it on the sale and it worths every penny. Recommendations!"
76561198092065417,Recommended,233290,20222665,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,SoS (Piney),"Pros: Interesting game, good voice acting, nice premise.  Like an interactive novel.Cons:  Known bugs that never got fixed before release to Steam and still aren't fixed.  Game essentially becomes unplayable if a mouse is used in certain menus because you cannot escape from the menu.  Fix is: don't use a mouse in clue menus.  Or use a gamepad controller.Seriously Sqenix, I understand you trying to cash in on your old properties that you own, but try some QA once in a while.Verdict: Play with a gamepad, and it's a nice story."
,Recommended,233290,20232117,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Arabin,"I have mixed feelings about Murdered: Soul Suspect. I enjoyed the game with it's very unique style, and the story full of twists and turns, so I do recommend it, but there are a few issues that prevent this from being as good as it could have been.Some of the puzzles require you to choose ""most relevant"" clues, so you might pick 3 from 10, but it often feels like guesswork. Not guesswork into your character or the story, but guesswork into the developers minds. This can lead to frustration, but doesn't prevent progress.If you miss a clue earlier in the game, even though you can return to that location, the clue isn't always there. A lot of people get stuck on the 15/16 issue with Apartment 4A, for example, and that was the one clue preventing me from a perfect score.The final area does give you a warning message, but once you enter it, you cannot return to a previous save to hunt down any remaining clues. As soon as you enter the area, you are either choosing to give up on side quests, or planning to replay the entire game again.Those issues aside, it's a great experience and worth playing if you can pick it up on sale."
,Recommended,233290,14535087,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,UltimateHurl,A surporisingly varied experience.
,Recommended,233290,11625741,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Arjan S,"This game points out that no matter how great the storyline is, the gameplay MUST be up to scratch.While providing a mostly innovative way of story, characters and objectives, the game falls awfully short by providing tedious searches of clues, aimlessly running around the map and a finale that was anti-climactic and dissapointing.A recommend due to the fresh insight in the story, but only at a 50% discount price (at the moment E40,-)"
,Recommended,233290,14740279,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Shadowfall16,"This is not your typical full blown shoot em up action game. Murdered: Soul Suspect revolves around thorough investigation and thats it. No shooting or crazy action set pieces.  The environment is extremely well done and the story made me keep playing to see what happened next. All in all, this is a unique, relaxing gaming experience. Definitely a game worth buying during a steam sale. Has very little replay value, but this is still a journey you should take."
,Recommended,233290,11678489,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Yare Yare Daze,really short but pretty desent 7.5/10
,Recommended,233290,11583479,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Kryp,"Great Story line with very intresting game play, not recommended for your typical action player, but very intresting and would definietly recommend this to anyone (Not worth 50 dollars though)"
76561198087605206,Recommended,233290,14777177,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Alex_PyroManiac,It's a very very casual detective/mystery game.It has a nice plot yet you can probably figure out the whole story yourself.I'd recommend buying it and maybe playing with the SO but only on a super cheap sale.
,Recommended,233290,16898036,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,olly!,A good investigation game. Not that many of those to be picky either even if you're not into ghosts.
,Recommended,233290,13572189,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Hamperino,"So, this is probably the best game I've played 2014.1. Awesome Puzzles! (LOVE IT)!2. Probably the best story line, ever. I like it alot.3. A little tear in the end :)4. A little bit Scary.5. Action.Best game 2014!! Recommend it strongly. Doesn't require the best computer for medium settings (I play on High) And it looks good!MERRY CHRISTMAS AND A HAPPY NEW YEAR!!Written: 2014-12-24."
,Recommended,233290,16713136,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,MadeUnderground,"To be honest, I feel that this game got a lot more flack than was deserved. Is it perfect? No, but I think the criticisms were a bit extreme. Mind you, most of the criticisms I read were during the time that it was initially released and some of it had to do with bugs.I'm guessing that by the time I bought the game (4 months after release) all those bugs were fixed because I didn't really have any of the issues that they were talking about. There were times, however, I noticed that the narration would cut out. This happened in maybe 3-5 different cutscenes were there was just no sound at all - the only way I knew what was supposed to have been said during the scene was because I always have subtitles on.I think what hurt the game more than anything else was the story. It was okay, but I feel that it could have been better - more developed maybe. Also I feel like the characters were poorly written.I say this because I felt no emotion towards any of them whatsover. The wife was annoying, and there were too many random collectibles of her memories with him - I'm guessing like finding pages of her diary or something scattered around. I felt myself annoyed with all of these and couldn't care less about her or their relationship.The friendship or, partnership I guess, between Ronan and Joy felt really shallow. Since Joy is the character Ronan interacts with the most throughout the game, I was hoping for more development in their friendship.Also the way Joy treated Ronan after he saves her from The Bell Killer is ridiculous. I'm not expecting her to want to help him right away but it was a bit much imhoI couldn't even find myself caring about Ronan himself. None of the characters in the game were developed enough for me to root for them or care about them in anyway.Also I felt it was strange that all the events in the entire game takes place in one night. Why on earth was that one couple getting married in the middle of the night / wee hours of the morning?The demons in the game were laughable. It felt like it was just thrown in at the last minute to give the game some kind of combat in it. They should have either given the combat more diversity or taken the demons out completely, in my opinion. I didn't play the game with combat in mind so I wouldn't have cared if there was no combat in this game. There are perfectly good Adventure Mystery games with absolutely no combat in it (the majority of Sherlock Holmes titles for example).With all that negative out of the way now for the positives: I appreciate the game trying to do something different. I'm a big fan of Adventure Mystery type games and one that approaches it from the perspective of a ghost is innovative and interesting. I enjoyed walking through walls and possessing adorable felines, as well as the people around town.It would have been great if they expanded a bit more on this - more animals to possess, control over individuals in town like howAbigail was able to control humans to do her killings, as well as being able to poltergeist more items.To sum up my review, I would recommend people to give the game a go. It's enjoyable and fun and I definitely don't think it deserved 59 on metacritic. I would rate it more of a 6/10. It's worth a play through to get to play and experience something different. The mystery is also relatively engaging.I just wouldn't get this game at full price - wait for a sale. I was able to scoop it up during one for 4.99."
,Recommended,233290,17121938,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Woody,"Fun adventure game. The gameplay itself can get tedious, but the story is rich and features 7 mini horror stories."
,Recommended,233290,18107209,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,unclepeyj,"Really unique detective/mystery game. They succeeded to turn the idea of a ghost walking through walls into a cool set of navigation puzzles.Although maybe not for everyone, but highly recommended to give it a shot."
,Recommended,233290,17258352,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Who,pretty good apart from the completely unnecessary demon segments
,Recommended,233290,16428897,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Arttu motskari,Buy this!- This game has really cool unique storyline with amazing twists!- Cool gameplay as a ghost!- Its a cool game!- Fancy well optimized graphics! (played with ultra setup with my gt220 lol)- Cool side stories and collectables!- Really cool open world aspects!- You have to find clues from crime scenes as a ghost! bestgameever2069!i beated the game in 7 hours but those hours was worth it!
,Recommended,233290,16431053,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,jshd13,mind = blown
,Recommended,233290,16530589,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Logan Paul,Perfect Game (y)
76561198027289070,Recommended,233290,13655922,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,drake_718,An intresting story that kept me guessing until the end. I'll be playing it again for sure.
76561197990937015,Recommended,233290,13662392,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Prestan,"Just finished the game and I really enjoyed it. While it doesn't take long to play it through (I needed 8 hours and I took my time) it was fun while it lasted. I am not sure about the replay value, though. The game heavily relies on its thick atmosphere and the story twists to drive you along and I imagine it will be less fun the second time around.If you don't care for pages after pages of story or lots of cut scenes or do expect a certain amount of fighting in your games you should skip this one, though. There are a few ""fight"" scenes but you have to solve them through misdirection and stealth. No open combat.Still, if you do enoy a good story and an atmospheric game you should give this one a try. I recommend playing it at night or in a darkened room - both for the atmosphere and to see all the details on the screen. You should also take the time and gather as many clues as possible, especially for the small side quests. The stories are delightfully spooky."
,Recommended,233290,13695099,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,CryoG,"This is an amazing game.It felt different from other games I d played mainly thanks to the ghost walk through normal walls mechanics that create a unique path. Overall time to beat is probably shorter than mine, I have replayed quite a couple of levels to hunt for collectibles, some of them more than twice.I highly recommend it: it s got ghosts, witches, demons, murder solving.Why play this game: you wont get to shoot anything, but you ll get to destroy a handful of demons (damn these QTEs)"
,Recommended,233290,10535109,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Dragonclaw,"During my time with Murdered: Soul Suspect, it felt like a spark of unique features in the sea of games that feel like we are recycling the same ideas and concepts over and over. It was definitely an interesting title combining LA Noire's use of interacting with objects and no hand holding while you piece the scene together and choose the correct action from a list that is revealed once you reveal parts of what happened. However I would have liked to see more of a choice in how you progress making some choices lead you down the wrong path and some that if you dig deep enough into the scene it could progress you closer to the killer. To a trained eye a lot of the story becomes easy to pick up but still has some twists like any good murder mystery would. In all I enjoyed my time with the story and ghost/investigation mechanics even if it felt a little short (I think an extra 1-2 hours would have been about perfect for time spent in the game)."
,Recommended,233290,10616438,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,moskiteers,"This game got a bad critic score. i give it a 7/10 rating. The problem with the game is yes it is repetitive yes you only kill the same type of demons, however the story and twist is really good. It might be a play it once type of a game but for Square enix to try something diferent i think they did a spot on job."
,Recommended,233290,13892608,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,~EnzomeLegions~,"This game was missing quite abit of challenge to it, demons are easy as♥♥♥♥♥♥to kill, avoiding spawn pits is easy, piecing together clues is SOOO straightforward its nuts. Sometimes i started overthinking the clues and got them wrong because so many could be interperated as viable information for given murder.I was dissapointed in the problem solving, it didnt test me nor did the combat (if you call it combat). The story did have me interested, but mostly i was too distracted searching far and wide for the many MANY collectable side story items/collectable intel.Loved the idea of being able to walk through walls, i've never played a game with that kind of mechanic and i liked it. It added a good twist to finding clues and collectables, not to mention you can walk through freakin walls like a boss."
76561198001390076,Recommended,233290,14424228,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Daddy Donuts,"interesting concept, worth buying while on a sale. some great ideas hiding in alot of other recurring gameplay. fun for a while but the gimmick gets old"
,Recommended,233290,31608703,Posted: 7 May,all,Nikita,"I can say this is one of the best games I have ever played! It has really interesting story, graphics are great, character control too. Don't think - just try :)"
76561198010781918,Recommended,233290,20161521,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Hotwire,"You're a cop, you just got killed and you have to investigate your own murder and the case of the serial killer 'The Bell', who's going around killing young women in barbaric ways and slaughtering anyone who gets in his way. You'd think being dead would put something of a cramp on your investigative abilities, but no, it seems all the best cops are the dead ones. Maybe it's because it's late at night, but everybody except you seems to be doing about as much police activity as can be accomplished by standing around rubbing their noses.You run into a teenage medium called Joy who's looking for her missing mom, and she comes in really handy for opening drawers, crossing glowing holes into hell that try and suck Ronan down, and so that Ronan's musing is cut by about 20%. The rest of the time she's a regular whiny teenager you have to play daddy wolf to and pretend you give a pooper about her mom.The game revolves around investigating crime scenes - yours and other people's - talking to the many ghosts in Salem, uncovering lost memories, being the cause of poltergeist activity and posessing people to read their minds.Occasionally to try and make you feel like there's more to the game than prodding at a crime-scene and musing over a cigarette, Demons spawn. Since they just float around on a set path looking for something to kill, and you creep up from behind to kill them, it feels very tacked on and a really crappy attempt at adding any challenge to the game.All in all, the game feels a lot like an interactive horror movie, but it's a GOOD movie, and it feels like worthwhile interaction. Voice acting and character animation of faces is great. Is it worth full-price? That's a personal thing, seeing as it's quite a short game. But if you can get it at a discount, it's definitely a worthwhile way to spend some game-time.Get it if you like: Detective games, Violent murder, Interaction, Creepiness, A good movie, Collecting stuff.Don't get it if you like: Action, Challenge, Long games.7/10"
,Recommended,233290,10516643,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Epsicor,"Solid game that I definitely didn't think would be this fun. The graphics are nice and the voice acting is really, really good, much better than I thought it would be. It doesn't pull punches when it comes to death cut scenes however, so if you're adverse to gunshots, spontanious screaming and the like, put it on mute and turn on subtitles.The only complaints that I have is the fact that there is no adjustable difficulty level, which isn't super important unless you are playing on the PC and find it hard to properly exorcise demons. Pressing and holding R plus A and right clicking all at once while only being given less than 5 seconds gets super frustrating after a while."
,Recommended,233290,16508598,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,RaxuZz ZiRtaeb,"You can possess a cat just because of that, the game is worth to pay for, + the environment and the stories about the characters, is just amazing!!!!"
,Recommended,233290,20819618,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,dudz_fryd,"As the game begins we find Ronan exploding out of a shattered 4th story window after a confrontation with a shadowy figure.  He awakens to find himself temporarily disembodied but that state soon becomes permanent upon the arrival of the Bell Witch Killer.  Shot 7 times with his own gun, Ronan must now solve the mystery of his own murder and in the process uncover dark secrets that have haunted Salem for centuries.Quite a build up eh?It is and it's worthy of it.  The story is intriguing with twists, turns and dead ends to thrill any devotee of the mystery genre.  Add in a tastefully done horror component supported by an eerie backdrop of a dark and gloomy Salem complete with lost souls, haunted houses, and frightful demons.The game is gorgeous even on my creaky old gaming laptop ( circa 2008 ) and the controls simple.  You're led on a path similar to the Call of Duty campaign modes on the hunt for clues to your own murder.  On the way you'll find ample opportunity to complete side quests but be warned if like me you seek to earn all of the Steam achievements you must be methodical in your approach.  For me it took 2 playthroughs as there is no quicksave nor any way to go back once you've completed the final chapter of the game.It's a casual game but it can be maddening at times.  For one, you have no onscreen map nor any way to mark your progress toward achievements.  Meaning you'll spend a lot of time running in circles to find the way forward and backtracking for that one elusive clue.Then there's the demons.  I understand that a game in the horror genre has to have some kind of threat but they're all over the place.  It breaks the flow of the narrative and it's jarring to go from a casual detective story to a flurry of button mashing every 10 minutes.Still, even with the more ""gamey"" aspects, it's still more ghost story than game which explains some of its mechanical shortcomings.  My first playthrough was simply for the sake of taking it all in.  The second was purely for my own desire to see everything and in the process earn every Steam achievement.All tolled I've spent a bit over 30 hours and enjoyed every minute of it."
76561198038625342,Recommended,233290,12808619,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Dash,"Crank your noir machine up to an 11!  This game has more noir atmosphere and characters then any game in the history of videogames!  Too bad it has a ridiculous amount of problems as well.  Before I go into those problems, I just want to reiteriate that I lovedddddddd the noir atmosphere and did really enjoy my time with the game. From the creepy haunted house to the crazy insane asylum this game just drips with noir atmosphere (but seriously wtf I wanted to go to that lighthouse the whole game and it never happened, why have a creepy lighthouse that I can't go to!)  It's almost exactly what I wanted ""Wolf Among Us"" to be.First of all it's important to know that this is an adventure game through and through.  It has no combat (it has a couple of extremely easy stealth puzzles), it kind of has 1 quick time event, but really it's just you walking around.  In fact I'm not even sure if the ""puzzles"" qualify as puzzles.  The main game mechanic is searching for clues to solve the mystery.  You do this by examining the environment until you come across a button prompt showing you it's a clue, you then take those clues and try and put them in the right order to solve the current ""puzzle.""  It has no fail state, so you can just click on things until you get the right order.  I'd say that is one of the games biggest failings.  It would have been great if you didn't know how many clues you need and could come to the wrong conclusions as you went through the game eventually causing you to solve the ultimate mystery incorrectly.  However, everything is rather straight forward.I'm also very confident that this game was simply unfinished.  You more or less have an open world to walk around in, yet the game only has about 4 or 5 side quests.  I can't imagine that this is all they wanted to have when they set out to make this game.  The fact that the game also ranks you on how you solve the ""puzzles"" also leads me to believe originally their was more to it and you could solve the puzzles incorrectly without the game just stopping.  The plot also starts to come apart towards the end.  The cast of characters seems just silly small for a murder mystery and almost none of these characters are developed at all.  I can only assume they wanted to go more into these characters if they had time.  Despite all that, I enjoyed the central story and loved the atmosphere and the mechanic of searching for clues, and I just really wanted more of everything.  The fact it ends in 7 hours is just ludicrous and unforgiveable at a price of $50, I bought it for $12 which I thought was way too much.  #Worth $5"
76561198025070619,Recommended,233290,21629469,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,spiritworld,"This game was only OK. I describe it as a simple connect-the-dots game with occasional QTEs. Story was somewhat uninteresting and characters whocares but anyway this wasn't unpleasent experience. I spent 15h to finish the game but I think it would have been -3h if I didn't hoard all the collectibles. Too bad there's no map of the area because I spent too much time running around finding back to places.The reason I bought this game was the idea of being a ghost possessing people. I was dissappointed that possessing was just a single buttonpress (I expected some minigame to that). There's only so little you can do when possessing: reading the mind and influencing thoughs (only if npc is quest related). Reading most of the minds resulted in stupid bs such as ""ooo duh maybe herpderp potato patato"". So don't bother to read minds of all the npcs you encounter...Pros:-fresh idea & environment-many collectibles-being cat-good graphicsCons:-no map-stupid npc mind reads-checkpoint saving-QTEs (when attacking demons; you don't always have to, but when you do...)-can't skip credits (at least you can fastforward by pressing up)"
,Recommended,233290,30009850,Posted: 18 February,all,Davasgo,"Pretty cool game, but veeeeery short. Worth no more than $10.Let's make this quick, eh?Good Stuff-Neat story.-Likable characters.-Actually have to pay attention/look for clues.""Eh"" Stuff-Combat/stealth (if we can call it that) is subpar.-Somewhat repetitive after the first couple chapters.-Minor glitches, but nothing game breaking.Bad Stuff-SO FRIGGEN SHORT. Finished after only a couple hours.-The ending. It's horrid. Could have been so much cooler, but fell short.-Little to no replay value after you beat the game.Overall, it's a neat game with a cool concept. Definitely not for a hardcore, challenge driven gamer, but it is something to show to your non-gamer pals. I give it a thumbs up, only because Steam doesn't have a ""so-so"" option. The cons aside, it may be worth picking up if you've got spare change and want a new game to fark around on."
76561198002986817,Recommended,233290,20425298,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Phantom Virus,"I was really surprised with this little gem. It wasn't the most amazing game I'd ever play but it was unique for its genre. Square Enix does a good job of finding games that aren't like every other game you find. The story was good, I liked the characters, the collectables are good. Just remember that if your going for 100% guide then don't forget to get to use a collecable walkthrough for the museum level as you can't redo that level. I almost went for all the collectables but decided against it at the end. I like the mystery elements mixed with the ghost side. The combat system was a bit dull but at least it doesn't affect the game as a whole. The mystery could have been better but the ambience of the whole thing was still good. All in all, a good game for the 4 bucks I spent on it."
76561198057178823,Recommended,233290,20285195,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Crow,Unique story
,Recommended,233290,18934982,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,GiraffeMystic,"Its still as amazing as ever! I had originally gotten this on my Xbox360 and it was a ton of fun. I saw it on sale during the Halloween 2015 sale and picked it up pretty cheep, considering the original price.I love ghost stories, horror, and killing demons (Diablo). This game has ghosts and demons (which you can choose to avoid or execute, depending on where you are), I found I actually had to execute them to continue at some spots further in.The game begins with Ronan falling through a window and narrating a bit, you also get to learn more about Ronan's (life/ backstory). Considering the fact that he's the main hero and the playable character thats a good thing and its also important.Gameplay is what really got really got me hooked. The town of Salem has areas for doing detective work and its freeroam in the Hub section and the areas (To an extent, its not Final Fantasy or anything, but you do get to explore). The character is always seen in the third person point of view (camera is behind the character).Interactive- You can go around and talk to certain people or listen in on their conversations. You can ""investigate"" and search for clues- which you'd then use to solve a case or continue on in the story.Collectables are always fun, but can be a pain to collect as they are actually hiding and not always in a typical spot.Cutscenes are interactive! You can usually choose what you want Ronan to say or ask next. Nothing major, but heck its something.Powers, well you get to do a lot of stuff later, but when you just start off you can already possess people and cats (no, seriously). You can also mind read or try to manipulate their thoughts.Story? Spoilers! You die first thing and become a ghost- woot! You're also a detective of the Salem police department. You also have to try to solve your own murder and many others.The game is great and recomendable, but I do have one problem. I had chugging/ lag while on my Xbox and was hoping that'd be fixed on the pc version. That was not the case, and I still have the same annoying chugging/ lag. Its not always while going to a different section of the Hub town, but it does happen a lot in the Hub area. It also happens in other spots, but it rarely happens in places like the graveyard or appartments. So, thats a bit of a bummer, but its still a great game."
,Recommended,233290,20734353,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ocsalev,"Don’t purchase this game if you expect a lot of gameplay. It’s a narrative gaming experience which involves looking around for clues and solving a few simple puzzles. Overall I had fun and when I wanted a break from action-packed games I played Murdered Soul Suspect. Let’s see the pros and cons.Pros:* The game engine: the game was developed using Unreal Engine 3, one of best engines there is. The game never crashed and I was able to play it with maxed settings and 60fps.* Visual: even though the textures aren’t exactly top notch, the motion (especially the particles) and the lightening are great.* Original concept: a detective solving his own murder, passing through walls and talking to other ghosts and mediums. That’s gotta be enticing.Cons:* The “mind reading” feature: I was expecting that every NPC would have unique thoughts and a lot of embarrassing things would be exposed to the players. That’s not what happens. By using the “mind read” in several different NPCs you might end up hearing the exact same thoughts. It appears they are randomly generated and distributed amongst the NPCs. That was definitely a disappointment for me. What’s the point of mind reading if they don’t appear to be real people, but rather randomly generated walking robots that spurs platitudes?* The linearity: it is not possible to leave an area and return to the investigation later. I reckon this is a game based on narrative, but other developers managed to create narrative games without recurring to such strict storytelling (for instance, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter).* Looks like the developers tried too hard to make the game “PG-13”. The NPCs don’t do anything interesting. You never see them doing anything out of the ordinary (unless you find a ghost. Apparently everyone who is naughty ends up dead too). It’s like the whole town of Salem is composed of boy scouts.Other than that the game is fun. I hope to see a sequel that will address the abovementioned flaws. There’s a lot of potential for a series."
,Recommended,233290,21038543,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,OMGiTzSara!,"For the crime seekers out their looking to solve cases, this game is for you. The real detective experience with added ghosts/paranormal activities."
,Recommended,233290,20652211,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Its Just Milk I Swear,"You play as Ronan (Ronin) O'Connor, a self proclaimed weeaboo detective with a five stage plan. But maybe you shoulda had a six stage plan, cause on the fifth stage you got thrown out a window and died. Now you and your fedora have to solve your own murder, searching for tips. you go from scene to scene, collecting tip after tip, after tip tip m'lady."
,Recommended,233290,14509534,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Vodka Drunkenski,"Rating:7.5/10Short thoughts:Overall, I very much enjoyed playing Murdered: Soul Suspect and would definitely recommend it for those who are looking for a cool story about a ghost detective in the town of Salem looking to crack the case of his own murder.Longer thoughts:The story is based around a murdered detective named Ronan who is a pretty cool and has the outfit to match (and never ending cigarette). Ronan travels around the town of Salem investigating his own murder case as well as those of other townsfolk. Main story was enjoyable, as well as the side mini-stories fueled by the collection of 'evidence' around the town. The ghost aspect was neat, as you could walk through walls, possess people and animals, influence their thoughts and more of that nature. Could have used some variety in the options of interacting with NPCs, but I didn't mind it much. The game has a simple combat system which I found to work out great in the end as it allowed you to continue focusing on the story rather than get distracted and spending hours sneaking by monsters as some other games have you do. In the end, I am very satisfied with how this game played out and do not regret purchasing it one bit. However, I would not recommend purchasing this at full price (~$30), but if it can be found on sale below that, I would definitely suggest picking it up."
,Recommended,233290,14523971,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,⌜Natsu One⌟,"Spent 14 hours to finish this game and get almost all of the collectibles, except the Ghost Girl Messages because they were hard to find and I was too lazy to backtrack and find them all. So here's my take on the game.Gameplay:Many people compare this withL.A. Noirebut I think the two games are vastly different. This game leans more towards an adventure game, if I have to find another game to compare it with, this game is pretty close in concept to theBlackwell Series(which is awesome, go grab it) in that the game asks you to solve a murder mistery and also help other spirits move on by helping them to know why they died and resolve their situation. In a way, it's almost a 3D version of the Blackwell series, with the emphasis on adventure, finding clues and solving puzzles.Some people complained that the stealth action parts of this game (exorcising demons) are too difficult and annoying. I think it's not that difficult, but if you DO find it hard and it breaks the game for you, there's a simple cheat/patch out there that you can use to completely nullify the stealth action parts and turn it entirely into an adventure game, which might help make this game infinitely better for you.Story:Personally, I think the story is the main strong point of this game. As a lover of classic supernatural adventure games, such as theGabriel Knightseries, this IS the game for me. I also love games that are based on history or cult stories (such as theAssassin's Creedseries), and knowing that this game mixed some real history (the Salem witch trials) to the plot just makes it more immersive for me. There is even one character from the Salem witch trials history that appears here, which might surprise some that are in the know of this story.But as with any story out there, like when watching a movie or reading a book, this section is entirely subjective and either you like it or you don't. If you find out that you don't like the premise, then you have no reason to play this game at all, as there is nothing else to find here if you dislike the story. It will quickly get boring for you.Graphics:Played this game on my ASUS laptop with GeForce GT650M 2GB DDR3 graphics and the game runs fine on mostly high settings (see the screenshot I posted of this game for more details) with no stuttering framerates or slowdowns. The graphic quality is awesome and totally realistic, from the facial expressions of the characters to the textures and clothings. Ronan, especially, is rendered with truly amazing detail, I was a bit speechless when I saw his semi-transparent ultra-detailed character model during the opening moments. If you have a decent graphics card, this game can render truly amazing details for your enjoyment.Sound:Voice acting is very good, especially for the lead character Ronan. The music and ambient sounds successfully brings out the haunting and crreepy atmosphere of the story. The sound effect is carefully designed to great effect, especially the shrieks of those demons which can literally get you jumping out of your seat if you're playing with headphones on during the middle of the night.Weakness:There is no in-game map. But the town of Salem is not that large and pretty soon you will be able to get your bearings around town by memory alone. The only difficult route to remember was probably the one that leads to the church, because you need to take a specific route to get there. If you're worried about getting all the collectibles, there are a lot of guides and videos out there that can help you, so you don't have to worry about that at all.Verdict:7.0 - A must buy for mystery/murder/detective adventure game lovers out there, especially those who loved the Gabriel Knight or the Blackwell series.TIP:Don't buy it with the full price. This game often goes on sale, so better wait for it to go on sale and grab it. I got it for just $3.99 during the most recent Square Enix sale.TIP #2:Play with a game controller, not with a keyboard and mouse. It will make a whole lot of difference and can make or break the game for some people."
,Recommended,233290,14492185,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Th30be,"The game was short and for the sale price it was worth it. I put about 12 hours into the game finding most of the things I needed. The story was good but short. But then again, the whole story takes place in one night so it is understandable. I wish that I had more ghosts powers though."
76561198064419799,Recommended,233290,15821029,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,op49odfgg14,"Nothing too special, a nice filler game if you're looking for something to play for a few days to pass the time. The whole detective work isn't that challenging and the story is pretty typical. The best thing about this game is really the amount of collectables in it if you're the kind to complete a game 100 percent."
76561198094743800,Recommended,233290,10433577,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,AyamCSGOMalaysia GTAV,dunno why my laptop download this game cant start win8 64bit download DX11 ard still cant -.-
76561198035706654,Recommended,233290,15393635,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Vegore,First thing: If you Consider buying this game buy it when it goes on sale.Pros:You get to Play as a Spoopy Ghost.Good Story.Very atmospheric.Intriguing Side Story's felt like something you would read out of a Horror Story collection book.Most Collectibles are given along the area questline. (only a few you have to go searching for.For a game based upon Salem it gave a very dark feeling as you explored an area for the first time.Cons:Would of benefited more from being a point and click adventure. (In my Opinion)Very Linear.Combat feels tact on to give more play time.(How have companies not learned people hate QTE'S?)Short Story (from start to finish if you rush and don't do any side parts maybe 4-6 hours)No replayablity unless you want to 100% the game.For what it's worth the game wasn't bad it was game that had a few things going for it and a few things that could of have been improved on.If I had to rate it out of 10 it would be7/10 Not a bad game but not a great game.
76561198059155231,Recommended,233290,20079986,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,BTongx,Got it for 90% off. Not a bad game.
76561198035693047,Recommended,233290,20714324,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,ToxicGent,"Very well done, interesting and smart. A bit of a stretch sometimes as far as the investigation parts are, they aren't obvious and sometimes my last choice. But overall a great game."
,Not Recommended,233290,16882661,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Zedd's dead,"THIS GAME IS BROKEN - I really like the game. The atmosphere is great and some of the mechanics are very clever but it simply does not work. On one side quest I left the ""area"" before completing the investigation and now it does not function. From researching the problem, the only fix is to START ALL OVER AGAIN. Due to this being a fairly pathetic console port, there is no option to save, so any glitch gets you starting from a checkpoint at the beginning of an area at best. True problems and you are done. The thing that really did it for me was a glitch in the main story line at the police station. I could not finish a scene because (after researching what I may be doing wrong) I discovered that an event was not triggering properly to let me continue. So I restarted at last checkpoint but the event still did not trigger. The only solution? START THE GAME OVER AGAIN.Sorry guys. This game had great potential and even solid execution in many ways bit if the game does not work FIX IT!"
,Recommended,233290,10456541,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Foxxyreaper,The story line is quite good which is why I recommend. However due to the controls and certain ingame bugs. It is better to wait till it is on discount because the price is too much for just a story. Or you should wait till the bugs/glitches get fixed before buying it.
,Recommended,233290,12716059,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Sahkonteic,"For those who enjoyed the game L.A. Noire, this is the game for you! You are constantly on the move for your killer, solving murders from the afterlife, and learning Salems past. This game will be on peoples minds for a lifetime,or in this case, will haunt you for an eternity."
,Recommended,233290,12809265,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Chaos_Mouse,"I`m a great fan of the old 'Point N Click' adventure games, and it's been a good long while since i played a decent adventure game that isn`t ruined with too much Resident Evil style character control.This game involves a little of that character control, and whilst most of it is walking from place to place and discovering items, it doesn`t seem a chore at all. I Haven`t enjoyed a game of this type since Syberia and Still Life.The game being of a ghostly nature, is quite chilling. Adding to that the excellent voice acting and story behind it all and you have a great game that is something of an underdog. Had it not been for Steam recommending this for me, i would never have seen it.Visual wise, with the game written on the Unreal Engine, it's by no means an ugly game, but it's not without issues (at least for me). That being said, they are not putting me off playing the game.I totally recommend this game for anyone that enjoys adventure games and any game in general that has a great story behind it that is well executed."
76561197968461069,Recommended,233290,28930847,Posted: 1 January,all,Sljt.Smert [1st Guard],great to the last part
,Recommended,233290,12718194,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,SETHEN,"A game that tends to never stay dead.  Murdered: soul suspect is an interesting title, that pins the main character Ronan O'Connor into a murder mystery.  During the early part of the game it becomes certain that you are the victim of a soon to come unraveling tale that goes to show, there's more to Salem that one might think.  The gameplay by far is slow throughout the game but is then overshadowed by side missions and collectibles that consume most of your time within Salem.  My one annoying gripe with the game, is the amount of clues thrown into the environment.  During one mission, I found myself walking around in a endless circle looking for a small object that wouldn't represent the button action until the camera was faced in the correct directional path that game set out.  But given the small annoyance of the clue system, the story overall out ways any issues within the game.  teleportation is a key thing later on in the game, in which you gain the ability to fast travel larger amounts of space and allows you to traverse none accessible areas.Rating:  7/10Recommend:  YesGood:+Story+Graphics+Side Missions / Collectibles+The CatBad:- Clues- Claustrophobic areas that lend little to the camera"
,Recommended,233290,16238918,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Eisenreich,"I can see how this game might disappoint others, as there is so much more it could do as a survival horror and as a detective game, but for what it is, I think this is a brilliant game, and there are enough items and secrets to find to give it replay value. I guess because of the different path options of another certain ""poltergeist simulator"" if you like i.e. Beyond Two Souls it is often a shame when I play games like this now and there aren't multiple endings (even Silent Hill 2 had different endings on replays), but I guess we are a little spoilt, and this isn't trying to be a David Chase or a Deus Ex game.The idea itself was so novel and appealing I knew I had to grab this eventually, it reminded me of the basic premise of the old PS2 game Shadow of Memories in which you travel back in time to solve your own murder. In this moody, supernatural almost LA Noire style of setting I knew I couldn't resist. It wasn't until I played it I realised it's all set in Salem, so given that the backstory and local folklore have a large presence in this game, this was one hell of a bonus for me given my interest in the witch hunts and magic.The music and atmosphere didn't disappoint. The backstory and tragic history is incorporated into it very well, and the way in which this game combined supernatural elements with crime scene investigation was really inventive and original.  As said, there are things you can miss as well, but this is mostly side missions. I guess few games if any have really matched LA Noire in this department.The graphics look great, can't fault the voice acting either. In terms of the horror elements, as a puzzle game it's challenging enough, but seeing the same ghouls everywhere gets very repetitive very quickly, and it just becomes a chore of running, hiding and timing. It's different enough but just has no variety, still I can see how hard it is to do something really novel and inventive with the ghost-themed survival horror format. Especially if you are a ghost yourself.Overall great game worth getting, worth experiencing and worth playing again, just don't be too disappointed by the length and lack of variety in gameplay....Salem does allow for some exploration, though."
76561198110483386,Recommended,233290,11045316,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,TarjaS,"The main problem with the game is that it tries to be a bit of everything. I hated the demons, because I was interested in the investigation and doing the side quests and finding about about the other ghosts. Still, despite the problems, I liked the game. The story was interesting and I liked exploring the town. It would have been fun to have more chances to play as a cat. Not having a chapter selection in the menu was a really bad choice from the developers, so if you're aiming at 100%, make sure you have everything before the point of no return where the final act starts (the game warns you about it)."
76561198296900776,Recommended,233290,33627890,Posted: 18 July,all,christophercuya,"I really love the story , genuine character.I really love the plot twist itself.The concept of being detective with a soul blow me away. I wish all the games like this as good.It is Interesting how  the story went to it. Finding who the murder is and it is in the beginning."
,Recommended,233290,15283610,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Zerdit,"This is a cool game where you are a ghost who can pass through walls (but not closed doors...), possess people, exorcise demons have a neverending cigarette all while looking like a badass detective from the 30s.Pretty much sums up afterlife."
76561198068639107,Recommended,233290,11977419,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,tempest789,I enjoyed this game alot.
,Recommended,233290,18803897,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Looney (QC),Good game and kind of original... But It's really easy... Finish the game in 10 hours with 67% of the acheivement unlock...
76561198051616250,Recommended,233290,33641413,Posted: 18 July,all,Spaz,"I LOVED this game.   Personally it was VERY challenging for me b/c I am a left handed mouser and I couldn't remap the keys.. so .. combat proved an act of sheer will and some crazy hand work for me to get it done.I felt the story line was incredible!  All the little side stories along the way really fleshed out the game (for me).  The one that made me cringe the most was where the writer discovered the reason his water was brown was b/c a body had been shoved into the boiler and he had been bathing in the decay!!!!  Ewwww.I absolutely fell in love with the cat.  O M G.  THE CAT !!!!   I have never seen any other game render a cat so perfectly.   It really looked like and felt like a cat when you were playing it.  I wanted to keep it!While the game progression might have been fairly linear. there were some places where your actions did impact the story (and depending on your choices you could earn different achievements.)  I took my time playing the game, explored, did side stories, achievements etc.  so it felt extremely satisfying - like eating a meal until someone had to roll you out in a wheelbarrow.,The graphics were fantastic.  The immersion was incredible.  The story was captivating.  The voice acting was great. The game itself was incredibly original, and scary enough to make me cringe, but not so much I couldn't play.   And THE CAT omg the CAT!!  (can you tell I loved the cat?)  This game had it all!   Someday I plan on playing it again just so i can finish getting all the achievements."
,Recommended,233290,31654997,Posted: 9 May,all,Emily,"So, so immersive! Would highly recommend to anyone even the slightest bit interested in the detective genre."
76561198066709937,Recommended,233290,16408503,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Stormtruper,"The gameplay is a repetitive, the abilities lack glamour and the voice acting is rather uninspired. However, the story is very unique and engaging. The environments are spooky in the made for TV haunted house movie sense. It's more of a nostalgic creepy than a disturbing one. I know it'll be really fun to play on or around Halloween when the lore will be at the forefront of my mind, at least for a couple weeks.In all, I don't think I would have been happy if I had paid full price, but I just bought it today for $5.99 and think I got a great deal. Definitely worth about $9.99 or so in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,233290,32133194,Posted: 2 June,all,Impulse,"Though I did enjoy this game at first, the more I played it, the more boring it got. Square Enix makes the game seem very vast and open, however you are practically just dragged through the story. There are side quests that you run into here and there while playing the story, but nothing that doesn't take any longer than five minutes. The puzzles are, well, not puzzles. You simply continue until you get the right answer, if you select the wrong answer, it just turns red and tells you to try again. I will admit that I have yet to finish the game, but that's just because I got bored with doing the same things over and over and just being forcefully pushed to do what the game wants me to do. Of course, this is all just my opinion, and you should still purchase the game if you are interested (I got it on sale for $6, I would never spend $30 on this title), and only want to play it for the story. Just keep in mind that most of the game is just searching crime scenes for ""clues"" which are very easy to find, and then piecing the clues together to find which are the most important."
76561198003576032,Recommended,233290,17228945,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,HUMDUDE,"If you like murder mysteries and ""Leave no stone left unturned"" type games then this is the one for you.I really enjoyed it.  It's eerie, fun game play captured me.  I played it start to finish in a few days and I almost never do that.Highly recommend."
,Recommended,233290,12799649,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Aaron,Your a ghost. Boo!Gameplay and controls are good. Story is interesting and the atmosphere is chilling. Not the longest game but it is definitly an interesting experience.If its discounted i would reccommend picking it up. Otherwise its not really worth your time.
76561198054593098,Recommended,233290,13209098,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,ZachZachAttack,This game is very interesting and you need to pay attention to the dialogue so that you catch everything. THe story is amazing.
,Recommended,233290,23897964,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,yames,"If you like detective games like Sherlock Holms, you'll like this one. Recommended."
76561198012158845,Recommended,233290,20241762,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,II  jErK  II,"OMFG, CREEPY AS HELL<3"
,Recommended,233290,24891450,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Mercato,"Like a lot of other people said, this game plays a lot like a movie, so treat it as such. There is not really any challenge, but it does make you think a bit at parts. It has a good story though, with a pretty good twist."
,Recommended,233290,34895066,Posted: 11 September,all,EbonHawk,"It's been out awhile, and yes it has a few minor problems still, but the game is a cinematic masterpiece filled with creepy atmosphere and on-edge moments of spooky little girls and creepy creatures and unsettling moods.The ending is a bit disjointed, bland, and unfulfilling, but the game makes up for it in the journey to get there. Lots of sleuthing and clue-finding along the way keep you occupied for the 8 to 10 hours it will take you to finish this game.Ronan has been murdered (gasp! spoiler, but you knew that already) and he has to piece together what has happened and why he has been caught up in this past-meets-present mish-mash of mayhem in creepy ol' Salem, Mass.  The streets are filled with spooky ghostly spectres, and you're constantly tasked with finding the next clue to what happened to you. You also have to solve the case of the Bell Killer, as well, and find some missing persons. As sidequests, you have to help the dearly departed gain some closure and help them move on in the afterlife. You're part medium, part detective, and part ghost... live a little!It's worth fighting the slightly wonky controls to get clues to appear, and there's very little combat (except for some frequent quick-time-events later in the game; there is also an .ini hack to prevent those from becoming tedious).Very good game: the story (except for the ending) is interesting, the atmosphere is loads of creepiness, and there is way more sleuthing than slashing. Get it on sale and you won't be disappointed."
76561198164878038,Recommended,233290,34891659,Posted: 11 September,all,rc3wondere,"It's a hard game to play. I'd reccommend playing with a controller if you have one avaliable.The game itself is very interesting and it looks very good for a game coming out in 2014. It is a little bit of a brain game and it does require some planning when navigating through levels. In my opinion, it's a very good game if you're interested in this kind of thing. If this game looks like crap to you, it probably will be to you. It's one of those games that's hard to explain. Overall, I'd give it a chance, it's pretty good for what it has to offer and it keeps you on your toes."
76561198052517867,Recommended,233290,34964640,Posted: 14 September,all,Forgery,Good game with a good story )
76561198142184075,Recommended,233290,20737634,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,RAF3,"I have very mixed feelings about this game.  Over all I'd recommend it.  Here are my thoughts:Positives:The story was absolutely awesome.  The whole concept of solving your own death on its own was great, but then the actual mystery behind your murder is rather compelling.  I played this with my girlfriend watching and she was never ready for me to stop for the night.  So I'd recommend the game just for the story alone!Throughout the game, there are collectable items that give some insight into the history of Salem and the Witch Trials as well as random little stories about certain events relevant to the area being explored.  These add a cool dimension to the game taking away from the story and adding some cool information.Playing as a ghost and getting to use ghost abilities was pretty sweet.Negatives:The BIGGEST flaw in my opinion is the use of demons in this game.  I think the game is good enough on its own to just be a mystery without the demons in there to give a ""horror"" feel.  Truthfully, the demons didn't seem to serve a real purpose to the game and were only in a few spots to take up your time and add just a bit of difficulty to the game.  In such a story-driven game, I think leaving this out would have made the game even better because you wouldn't have to go through buildings wondering if a demon is going to pop out or not; you could have just gone on wondering about the story and exploring every facet of the city.Another big flaw, as I've read in several other reviews and agree with, is that you get really awesome ghost abilities, position, for example.  When possessing a person, you can do several things.  However, you can really only do something cool or useful with possession on major characters; on background characters, you can only mindread and for a vast majority of these characters, their thoughts are recycled (so you get the same thought from several characters throughout the city).Overall, I'd absolutely recommend this game.  While there were a couple things that bothered me, the story really was enjoyable.  Honestly, this could even make a movie.  Definitely worth a play-through."
,Recommended,233290,28183972,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Chain,"I bought this game on sale, and I didn't expect much, i thought I would get tired of it after an hour or something like that.But I was wrong. I was really suprised by this game tbh. I played through the entire story in one sitting, not that the story was long :dBut one thing, the game is really, really short, but that is actually the only thing I have to complain about.Because the game is so short I would recommend to wait to a sale, it's basically always on sale."
76561198067387196,Recommended,233290,33570595,Posted: 15 July,all,lcystratton,"I really enjoyed this game, though with a big caveat.The combat system is terrible. I became so frustrated with it that I looked up how to disable the demons' awareness in the game's files. I recommend this to all players who, like me, are playing this for the characters and story and not for the once-in-a-blue-moon exorcism.WIth that out of the way...Character. I thought the two main characers, Ronan and Joy, had a lot of personality. I loved their banter and teamwork. I wasn't really expected Ronan to be as memorable a protagonist as he was. Thanks to the bits of lore you find throughout the game, you learn a lot about Ronan's backstory and his relationship with his dead girlfriend, Julia. Usually, games that pull the dead girlfriend card don't bother to dive into what their relationship was actually like before she was fridged. It made Ronan and his motivations feel more real.Worldbuilding. There are a lot of collectibles in this game, but they all serve to flesh out the character backstories and Salem's history. I really enjoyed collecting all the tidbits of information so I could context on the town. The ghost stories were all super spooky, and I wish I had the foresight to complete them all. All of the NPCs have unique dialogue you can hear when you read their minds, which i thought was a cool touch.Also, this game is just overflowing with atmosphere. Definitley one to play with the lights off on a spooky night.Plot. I love mysteries in every medium. While I picked up on some narrative hints long before the protagonist it, the twist at the end made me gasp. I thought it was really well done. The different portions of the game were also really unique. Even when returning to a place I'd been before, I never felt like I was doing the same thing all over again.Mechanics: As I mentioned before, the quicktime events the game uses for combat were frustrating, especially since combat isn't even the primary goal of the game. However, the investigative and interactive mechanics were really fun. I thought the ways Ronan could find new information, even as a ghost, were really inspired and unique.Graphics: The cutscenes were really good. They don't get too gory, but there are some disturbing scenes as you see some really messed up murders take place.I do recommend this game to players that want to play an atmospheric, creepy, supernatural murder mystery. Just do yourself a favor and tweak the files so the demons don't frustrate you."
,Recommended,233290,28296094,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,ancalimon,"Cool character, dark world. Not many games with this theme. Recommended for the story.The price tag is too high though. I recommend buying on a sale or as part of a bundle. But know that the game is a quality game."
,Recommended,233290,12769247,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,GlaringLamb,This game is really worth grabing on sale its a murder mystery with some ghost♥♥♥♥♥♥thrown in and its fun. So just open your mind and let the game take you for a ride because its a good one.
76561198012945242,Recommended,233290,10376263,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Shoot2Skoot,Meowed and then killed a demon. Such Options. Many Meow. Much Cat.11/10
,Recommended,233290,14315003,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Gothic Man,"Excellent and a really great game, good graphics, great story, really is a good choice, i enjoy very much this game.I hope so they release a new game using this idea. 8/10"
76561198025331140,Recommended,233290,12811710,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Mirugon,"I really enjoyed this game. It had a very nice balance between the ghost and the detective parts. The story was interesting although a little predictable. Great characters and voice acting. One issue was that the color pallet made it kind of hard to see and then navigate the city. While it was very pretty, there wasn't much variety and one place tended to look like every other place.  But my main criticism is that I wanted more of...almost everything. More things and people to interact with, more choices when you possess people but mostly more gameplay. I would have played this game for fifty hours if I had been able to."
76561198107961881,Recommended,233290,11665541,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,FiregirlChi,"Soul suspect is a beautiful game, I love the style of it, with a good storyline and a nice twist at the end.It manages to be both slightly dark and gruesome without being grim, and if you have the patience to hunt down all the collectibles, you'll get a couple of small ghost stories thrown in for free.My only issue is that is is a bit short, you can play through it on a weekend if you try. I would have loved for it to be a bit longer with some more side quests.But all in all, give it a go and you'll love it."
,Recommended,233290,11381762,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Fugue,"Well, a lot of what you've heard about this game is true. There is a lot of clunk to its port (the menu has no mouse support and doesn't even use arrow keys). The ""combat"" amounts to a random key press alongside a random mouse button click. And the mystery isn't that complex.So why am I recommending it, you ask? Because it never lost my attention. Between the atmosphere, the unlockable ghost stories, and the main case (albeit not Sir Arthur Conan Doyle stuff) it was just a lot of fun to play. I even got into the random key sequences of excuting demons (and was a bit suprised that in the beginning my nerves would betray me and I'd fail at times). It was Airtight's swan song, and you can almost feel it in there what with the brevity and all, but itisa nice tune for those seeking an atmospheric haunted noire vibe. Definitely not for everyone, but much better than the critics have given it credit for, that's for sure."
,Recommended,233290,12848775,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,oconel,"This is a great game for those who like stories. It is very cinematic and its storytelling involves the player in Ronan's story. It's more a mystery story than a horror one (even though it has some elements). I'm going to start reviewing from the negative stuff to the positive:- Not being able to change the controls in PC is a joke. This will prevent left-handed people from playing and makes the only difficult spot more difficult by choosing ridiculous key controls- That said, the game is not difficult at all (it's almost an interactive movie), though in certain spots the difficulty spikes due to the controls- There's plenty of reading if you want to know the whole stories that make the side quests, but there's a bug in the game: if you want to read the stories of the items on the menu, press Enter, not the mouse- There's plenty of stuff to do and to collect in the city and you have almost complete freedom to move around. Still I'd have liked the option of finishing the side quests before ending the game.- The game design works great to make you feel like a ghost. I soon realised that even though I was dead I still tended to try to walk through doors instead of walls""- The experience is great.Oh, and as someone said, you can posses cats. And meow."
,Recommended,233290,17234807,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Your Mother,"nice game, that's all. <3"
,Recommended,233290,10432865,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Mikaeled,"I was very interested in a game where you play as a ghost detective solving your own murder, which made me jump on a preorder. I don't regret my decision, but it wasn't really what I expected.It's a third person Unreal Engine game, which you've probably played a million times before. What's special about this game is that it's more about solving murders and gathering clues than hiding behind cover and shooting at aliens. Also, you're a freaking ghost. You can phase through walls, possess NPCs to read their thoughts or influence them, talk to other ghosts and stuff like that. You're a little limited in what you can do, but it's still a novel twist.For the most part you're just walking around, picking up collectibles and looking at clues. Fair enough. I don't need complicated gameplay systems to enjoy my games. But what about puzzles? Detective work other than ""look at X""? Challenges?The game doesn't have much of that, and this is where it suffers. It tries to mix things up here and there with some ghost powers and some demons you have to get rid of, but it's not much. I'm guessing a lot was cut during development, to the point where the gameplay feels underdeveloped, or like this game would work better as a point-and-click adventure game or something more like an interactive movie. My thirst for collectibles (of which there are a lot in this game) and the well-paced story was what kept me going through most of the game.You're not the first to be murdered by this Bell Killer guy, so you're sent on a chase that takes you to different locations to uncover more connections. The game has a pretty big arsenal of cutscenes that are generally well-produced. It was easy to get invested and want to see more. I lost this admiration a bit at the end when things got super cliched, but I know that for the majority of the game I was really enjoying the way the game was headed and happily followed where it wanted me to go. You really need this when the gameplay itself doesn't provide much challenge. The main story is fleshed out with collectibles that relate to the town of Salem (this game is set in Salem, speaking of cliches) and to the relationship between you and other characters including your recently deceased wife (very cute!).The well-produced story and the novel twist on third-person exploration made this game worth playing for me. The part where it's supposed to be a detective game falls flat when the gameplay systems have been either underdeveloped or just assumes that the player is a child, so keep this in mind. Still, the good outweighed the bad for me, so don't be too scared by the lackluster reception."
,Recommended,233290,10373883,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,zwei,"now Completed the game so i kan give it a reveThis game is Quite fun, not sure why So many Hate it  if they wear expecting some thing els from what it is..if you like pussels and detective  games you shuld defenetly Try this game oute it is  wort it despite some rough edges"
76561198025258865,Recommended,233290,10365574,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Keeyu,"Nice and interesting story. Gameplay is good enough. But wait until the price get less, I feel regret and joy for buying this game. I have finished the game by now. Maybe you have the same opinion in near future or not.6/10"
,Recommended,233290,10351241,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Fawkzi,"(I know it says it only have 5 hours on the clock but it's closer to six, around 5 hours and 45 minutes in all..that's how long it took me to finish it.)First thing i'll say is you should half ignore the paid critic reviews the only thing they got right is when they say ""It lacks a challenge"" Because that's true, this game is straight up easy from start to finish. the investigations are fun but pretty much handed to you on a plate.There is little to no combat in this game save for taking out roaming demons wit the equivilant of a stealth kill...or..stealth...banishment i guess? you have hiding spots to evade and avoid detection from these demons, there are also crows scattered around that you can use to distract them, making it easier for you to sneak up behind and take them out.That really is the only form of challenge you will find in this game and even then..it's only a challenge when there are no hiding spots around and no crows.....and even then it's still easy as hell to take them out. The story and characters are what will keep you playing here.The story is interesting, gripping and just down right fun to experience though you could easily just watch the story play out on youtube. If you want to experience this game for yourself then i suggest picking it up on sale. i'll give it a 7/10 for being short and just way too easy"
76561197992051212,Recommended,233290,10359962,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,geneox,"If you like detective games like LA Noire, you will like this game too. The game had an interesting story-line and plot twists but I felt the game was short. Completed the main quest and side quests in a few days, just like you would with a good book that you just can't put down til you get to the end."
76561198007259409,Recommended,233290,10361548,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Ace Educator,"THIS IS NOT AN RPG.No idea why it is on the genre list, it has no RPG elements.At anyrate it has an amazing story and atompshere, however, it IS a little on the short-side.The ""fights"" with demons are annoying and not in depth, you just go behind them and kill them. It was obviously a filler.The dectective bits are fun but VERY simple, I was expecting to use my brain more.Also there is no in game map, which can make collecting those abundant collectibles VERY annoying. In fact, the game does rely you to collect them as a crux, which is a bad decision by a dev.Overall, wait for a steam sale, for now, a weak 7/10."
76561197973950975,Recommended,233290,10380653,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,swishy2,"I dont often post reviews however this is an unusal game.Pro'sDifferent from the run of the mill stuff usually churned.A decent storyCon'sShortControls are very unforgiving.If you like detective games this is a nice additon, the supernatual element to it is fun.If your looking for a fast paced, hard hitting, blood filled extravaganza then look elsewhere."
,Recommended,233290,10393122,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Tamschi,"Two important features this doesn't have: Multiple saves and letting you complete side-missions after you finish. The issues are linked, since there's an auto-saving checkpoint maybe three minutes before the end that doesn't let you go back for no good reason (and you can't turn toggle autosave). At least there's a warning but it's still far less than ideal.If I'm not mistaken the collectibles in themuseumarea also become unavailable once you enter thejudgement house, this time without warning.Otherwise it's decent, but not for 40€. 30€ maybe, since the game is just not that long. (I completed the side missions but not all collectible hunts, and I'm not going back since my save is effectively wrecked, which is definitely in part my fault but not something I expect to be an issue in a good game.)"
,Recommended,233290,10373355,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,redunion1940,"It has been awhile since I’ve played an adventure game. An honest to god adventure game, where you play the character to pass a few simple puzzles to unlock the next part of the story. And Murdered: Soul Suspect developed by Airtight Games scratches that itch. Albeit it does have its flaws.Lets get the basics out of the way, you play a cop by the name of Ronan and in the first seconds of the game you get to see your character die. But unlike a lot of games this isn’t the end, because you become a ghost. Who in order to move on has to find out who murdered him. That’s the basic plot of the game, and the main story line. And so you will spend roughly 8-12 hours going through all of Salem’s locations hunting down the clues to discover your murder. Along the way you’ll befriend some people and learn some very unsettling secrets about the town.While the story isn’t the most complicated or even the best it still is written and presented well enough to be enjoyable. Along with the side quest and collectibles that fill in the background details about the town and the various characters it kept me enthralled for the nine hours that I played it, but then some peoples mileage may vary.The one complaint I will have is that the developers didn’t put more background in, or even more interesting stuff. As in very early in the game you help a young girl discover what happened to her and why she was dead, you barely ever come close to that type of detail again. And that is sad because of this the background environment in terms of engagement is inconsistent, because at one end you find a piece of the map full of history and maybe a doctor who was performing experiments on his patients then at the other end you have a boring area that you have to navigate constantly to get to other locations in the game.  Seriously it gets tedious having to run the same gauntlet over and over again, with nothing changed just the same old Salem with the same old random NPC’s.As for the gameplay mechanics, you will have learned almost everything within the first hour of how to play this game, except for a couple of “powers” you learn later on. You’re a ghost, you can pass through physical real world barriers, except for ghost barriers and all the houses in Salem are blessed or something so you can’t get into them without there being an opening of some kind. You can manipulate real world things like tv’s, phones, and printers, but except for missions these abilities don’t rouse a response out of the people in Salem. You can possess people to hear there thoughts, which there are not many of them. You can influence them to advance the case and you can view the world through there eyes to once again advance the case. Pretty nifty thing, but only actually used in the missions and have very littler bearing on the game.And that is pretty much the sum total of the game in mechanics other than the bad guys. Which are demons and floor demons as I will call them.Just like most adventure games of the past the bad guys pose little to no challenge and are merely there to present a hurdle to bypass. For being called demons if its 1V1 I’m going to win all the time. You hide in shades wait for them to turn there backs and then rip them apart. Also you can use ravens to distract them, but ravens ain’t used a lot. As for floor demons just side step them.Graphics wise, the game is pretty good, not the prettiest in terms of background environment and the character models look a bit dated, they remind me of XCOM the Bureau, or even LA Norie, but that’s not a bad thing as those games had good graphics as well. And as with anything graphics are not everything as the recent trend in PC gaming can attest to.So you may be asking why I seemed to be praising this game in the beginning but point out a lot of flaws in it. Well because in truth there are very few actual adventure games made by triple A developers anymore so anything coming out in this genre that isn’t a bug ridden mess, it will be enjoyed by those of us who like adventure games. Where you play a guy or women trying to unfold a story, either by solving puzzles or piecing the story together . Where you don’t have to gun down an armies worth of bad guys to move from one area to the next. Where the bad guys have to be planned around as you really have no actual defense against them. Where you know you can’t lose but hate the fact that you screw up sometimes.So for an adventure game, Murdered Soul Suspect is a fine addition, its has a fairly strong main storyline and some pretty interesting side storylines and background storylines, but as I said before could use a few more to liven the area up even more. (Maybe some DLC?)For a game it is pretty average to mediocre though, with most gameplay mechanics discovered and mastered in the first hour it leaves little advancement in that area. The NPC’s are uninteresting, the graphics compared to top of the line are dated, gameplay is pretty linear, and replayability, well to be honest there is none. I’ve played ten hours and the game will probably sit there unless I have an itch to find those 5 pieces of background info/collectibles.So final verdict? If you are a fan of adventure games and smooth easy gameplay, then Soul Suspect is the perfect game for you. But if you are new to adventure games, or expecting something different then I wouldn’t suggest this game. And even if you are a fan of the genre this will slot into, wait till it drops to under $20 for it to be worth the money."
76561197995300339,Recommended,233290,10386367,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,PaltAndSepper™,"Good but kinda short story (still longer than cod:ghosts singleplayer campaign, nvr 5get), okay mechanics, decent graphics. All around its a decent buy if you're into this kind of game (puzzles and exploring) or have money lying around waiting to be used. I'd highly suggest waiting for any kind of discount or sale though, since it's still a bit much to pay for this amount of content in my opinion."
,Recommended,233290,10389224,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Delushin,"Such a great game that is a perfect escape from the everyday shooters, this is fantastic and works seamlessly with 'Big Picture' on my TV with an Xbox controller.I Highly reccomend this title, Soul Suspect will sit in my game library as one of the few that actually complete. Great single player game to chill out to and be part of the story!"
,Recommended,233290,10389978,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Unreasonable,"It has a good story, but the ending wasn't really that satisfying of a turnabout.I like the investigation mechanics, and the ghost mechanics is unique.Overall it's pretty good, but the demon fighting seemed rather weak and should have been reworked differently"
,Recommended,233290,30150126,Posted: 24 February,all,Budget_Security,"Good premise and atmosphere, but some of the gameplay is mediocre.It's basically an interactive story point-and-click game but with a mainstream 3rd person view, some basic stealth and QTE mechanics, and a larger budget to make it more appealing to the masses. This combination of niche and mainstream works well enough, if you have modest expectations. The story is quite enjoyable, but a bit short. Voice acting is decent, and the music fits the mood well. Graphics are fairly modest on a technical level, but some environments still manage to look beautiful, and the effects look slick. While I was expecting some rough edges with gameplay, the core mystery solving mechanics also have some flaws - the answer was sometimes too obvious or seemed inconsistent or illogical. As a console port there are some issues - flawed mouse sensitivity, clunky PC controls you cannot re-bind and a prohibitive autosave system. All these issues are annoying, but they don't ruin the game completely. Possessing cats and solving crimes as a ghost was pretty cool at times.This game reminds me a bit of Alan Wake and LA Noire. While not as good as either of those games, it was better than I thought it would be after seeing the professional reviews. Its sad the developer went bust one month after making this game.If you have modest expectations and some patience, its an enjoyable interactive-story game.Recommended, at sale price.tip: add “-nostartupmovies” to the game's steam launch settings."
76561198024193804,Recommended,233290,29005237,Posted: 4 January,all,Burn,Overall Summary:Ghost simulator:driving cats:solve the story bit and pieces:kick demon♥♥♥♥♥:scaning and recover memory and event:badass protagonist:dumb side quest:terrible map drawing:nice story wrap
76561198103501502,Recommended,233290,13426339,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,midnightdoll,"Pros:Easy to immerse yourself into the storyLove the ghost detective ideaWalk through walls like a ghost, but cannot on consecrated groundsFun to search for clues, manipulate people's actions, and read people's minds (not every thought is relevant)Can solve an investigation without all the clues if you are cleverPossess a cute kitty and meow even though it does nothing except ooze cuteness (I was hoping as a cat I could meow and make people open doors for me.)Plot twist at endCons:So addictive that I completed in a few days (Put your hands up! Step away from the screen!)Seems impossible to collect all the cards (I thought I searched everything to unlock extras)I'm allergic to cats, so if I possess one, am I allergic to myself? (lol)"
76561198044959010,Recommended,233290,10901218,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Whiggo,Good story and gameplay. Unusual for me to play through an entire game but I could not tear myself away from this! Highly recommended!Sadly that one could not make clear all achivements in case you've missed some and finish playing the main story!
76561198084919302,Recommended,233290,10375617,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,WaRgInGeR,This game was one of the best if not the best game I've played this year! The story draws you in and makes you want to discover more and more. The voice acting is excellent and really makes the characters come alive. The game also incorporates some of the history and salem which is a nice bonus. I can't recommend this game enough! It is more than worth the money!
,Recommended,233290,16402355,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,EliteSalvi,Worth the buy only when  it's 80% off + i.m.oEnjoy
,Recommended,233290,29535074,Posted: 27 January,all,[DXS] Garrus,"Worth playing and highly recommended, I personally enjoyed it and the story wasn't all that bad.Should be noted the controls can be sometimes cumbersome but honestly wasn't something that bothered me. Also, yeah there's a lot of 'search and collect' but everybody needs to realise it's OPTIONAL but it does bring some light and backstory details."
,Recommended,233290,18058277,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Vesëly Schtrüdel,Hugely underrated game with brilliant story and unique atmosphere. I wish Batman Arkham games have the same element of a detective genre this game has. Absolutely worth buying. 9/10 for impossibility to collect all the items for acheivements after the ending.
,Recommended,233290,11343514,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Fishzerg,"Good adventure game with a good story. Not a fast-paced game and with very few action elements, but it was never supposed to be an action game to begin with. Soul Suspect plays more like an adventure game with puzzles with an occassional fighting scene (which itself is presented like an action puzzle with a small amount of strategy involved).The atmosphere is great. Sound (voice and music) and visuals are superb and convincing and set the mood for the game right away. The story is classical detective story, obviously with supernatural elements, is well written and even though not mind blowing in its ""message"", it kept me completely immersed en interested through the whole game. The game world is not very big,but detailed and varying, and there are very many things to observe and find. Lots of collectibles, but these are done right: when found, they provide smaller details to the story, or tell separate smaller stories of their own.Gameplay puzzles aren't very difficult, and failing them doesn't give any penalty. The detective puzzles will remind a lot of LA Noire, but are somewhat easier.To sum up: not a game for people looking for action. It is rather a game for people who don't mind standing still occasionally in a game for a while to observe the surroundings and solve a puzzle or mystery. If you are one of those, you are in for a treat: the game is very convincing as a supernatural spooky detective.PS: almost no bugs found, except cinematics graphics sometimes appeared in much worse quality than actual gameplay (which are pretty good). Also keep in mind that collectibles you might have missed can't be collected once you finish the game (the game notifies about this in the last scene)."
,Recommended,233290,14115089,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,VGS,"Потрясная игра, просто потрясная!Затягивает своим сюжетом и атмосферой. Они здесь удались на славу.Позволяет почувствовать себя детективом. Интерес не пропадал до конца игры. А финал вообще был неожиданным...Одна из самых оригинальных игр за последнее время.8 из 10"
,Recommended,233290,32816957,Posted: 26 June,all,Mumus™,This.Is.Art.A detective game which is far away from LA Noir or Max Payne.10/10
76561198040536336,Recommended,233290,14194740,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Scarlett,"Awesome game!!The graphics are really awesome, like watching a movie !You have to figure out who killed you, by gathering up clues, and stuff.but ""Beware of the Demons""lurking about !!!I would recommend it.:D11/10"
,Recommended,233290,24011470,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,pain meat,I haven't even finished the game yet and it's already one of my favorite games ever.
,Recommended,233290,18737824,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,thesoundboy,"so glad other people dig this game. It's Airtight's swan song, the game that probably killed them because so many ""important"" reviewers gave it awful scores. It's a super fun romp, like a feelgood halloween movie. no replay value except that its fun to re-visit it (especially around HALLOWEEN!)Again, it makes me sad that a small team put their all into this one and because a bunch of hip reviewers were too cool to like it and gave it like a 5 (a 5? I hate number scores, but to the eyes of metacritic shoppers that's a deathnail) this company went under.huh. solving your own death. in a game that killed its own developer... spooky..."
,Recommended,233290,13286518,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Werupenstein,"This game is very comparable to the recent Telltale efforts, a decent story without much game play backing it up.I think the main reason this game went overlooked this year was the price, people are used to paying less for a short story based game now.I enjoyed my time with this game, the story was interesting enough to justify a playthrough.This is a little odd, but no music or sound at all during the end credits, I would have never guessed how weird that would be."
,Recommended,233290,33107507,Posted: 1 July,all,Mavined,An excellent movie that can be played!
76561198004022855,Recommended,233290,25403532,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,maldorf,Great game. Its much more than just a point and click mystery. There is some skill involved fighitng demons and the world is very interactive. You can posses people and read their minds and make them do things. The game is very innovative and different. The story is excellent and so is the voice acting. If you like a great interactive story then this is for you. I got just about 16 hours of game play out of this and I collected many of the collectables. There are cool ghost stories you can collect and I made sure I did all of those. Graphics and sound on this are superb. The most original part of the game IMO is how you can posses people and influence the story that way. You can also teleport short distances. Parts of the game require you to posses a cat! The cat is a lot of fun.
,Recommended,233290,29066677,Posted: 6 January,all,Richard,"One of the best games I've played recently. Atmospheric, intriguing, impressive. Hope there will be a new episode.Highly recommended to everyone who likes noir and detectives."
,Not Recommended,233290,25370809,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,PsyBunny,"Basically a watered down LA Noire with ghosts. Storyline was somewhat enjoyable, although you can compare it to some amateur detective novel. Gameplay mechanics and the world are shallow and very linear. It has one of the worst clunky controls I've ever seen, even playing with a controller didn't help much.If you get it for a few euros, it's alright for a couple of hours of enjoyment, otherwise stay away."
,Recommended,233290,13583448,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,jg61950,This game is short but really awesome as you solve your own murder. I beat it in about 8hours.  Hardest part was finding all the clues to answer the questions needed to progress further into the game.
,Recommended,233290,10339693,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Skrillcon,"So no idea why it's online reviews were so bad. I've been looking forward to this game for a long time and I wasn't disappointed at all. Think of it as LA Noireish with ghosts. It's got the whole detective thing going for it which I like a lot and wish was found more often.Pros:-Compelling story, made me sit down and play though it in one sitting, amazing.-Gameplay, if you like to walk around and discover everything then this is the game for you. It never gets dull, slow or too fast. Demons are there to change up gameplay and overall I enjoyed being a exorcist.-Graphics, beautiful game, love the art, everything looks great.-I found a few Just Cause 2 posters in the game.-Even though it's supernatural it doesn't feel fake/childish.-Writing, for the most part, was done very well.-Made me want to help the lost souls and feel rewarded for doing so.-Examples about people who throw their life away.-Good ending.Cons:-Short, only about 5 hours if you stick to the story and probably close to 6-7 if you want to 100% the game.-Character development, sometimes it felt like characters weren't developed enough for me but I like to know full blown backgrounds, I wouldn't say it was bad though.-Occasional frame drops.Overall: Solid game, would definitely recommend. Good luck in the afterlife!!Morals:Don't do drugs.Don't kill yourself.Don't hold grudges.Do something with your life."
76561198055889291,Recommended,233290,12851322,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Chlora_Virgo,"Enjoyed this game a lot. It has a very specific gameplay, which, of course, may seem a bit boring for those, who like action. But for the seekers of an interesting detective story with spooky atmosphere and plot twists this game is ideal. Graphics is very nice too, eyecandy.The ability to possess a cat is awesome experience."
76561198006076033,Recommended,233290,10390079,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Wolf_Dealer,"""You have the right to remain silent. Any cop you throw out a window will hunt you down and kick your♥♥♥♥♥""I really enjoyed this game, a dark supernatural murder mystery. I'm not sure exactly what the critics got upset about though looking at the Metascore, but it's not as bad as they have made it out to be.As others have mentioned it is very LA Noire-ish but it's more forgiving if you make a mistake during your investigation. The story is interesting, voice acting is good, and the atmosphere/music is very similar to an early Silent Hill.The game has you spend most of your time investigating your death and tracking down your killer. Along the way you can also collect items that tell you ghost stories, interact with living and dead, and help others that have also passed move on. This isn't a hard boiled action game like Max Payne, however you will run across demons during your travels that can be exercised. It is short yes, but for what it is I think it was probably the right length.I didn't experience any major bugs or issues, and it is possible to 100% it on the one play through.A heads up though, the interactive map has some major mistakes in item locations, other users however have kindly corrected these with their own markers. So if you choose to use the map check out the Global Flags.So to wrap it up, if you are after ghost stories, dark settings and something a little different, check this one out."
,Recommended,233290,10394715,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Simbiat,"I will agree with some of the reviews, that this is more like a movie, than a game. And this game gets negative reviews because people are expecting a game, not a movie. But if it was soemthing like ""Wolf Among Us"" (""The Walking Dead"" is a bit off, sicne it's not a detective story), noone would have complained, I think. And if there were more choices, that influence the game, if collectibles did not only tell you some background, but also influenced the ending somehow, if saving ghosts influenced the story... There are a lot of ifs, that could have been covered if this was an episodic game and if it did not feel like pieces were cut off of it. And if it actually had a map IN the game, not on a web-page.But if you forget about all these, it's not a bad story. Yes, if the background told by the collectibles were more integrated in the main story, characters could become more... Real. Less flat. But overall, I actually enjoyed it. It has good dynamic: not too fast (since it's not an action game), but not too slow (as some detective quests can be), it has motivation, it has mistery.I think I'll give it 7/10. Maybe 7.5/10, since it kinda reminded me of Dreamfall (although Dreamfall had more gameplay). I wonder if Airtight Games can make something in similar fasion, while covering some negative points. Or they can simply try an approach closer to Telltale Games, I guess."
,Recommended,233290,10388829,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,UberNoodle,"Is this a perfect game? No, not by a long shot, but then again, are there any perfect games which aspire to the complexity of narrative and gameplay as Murdered: Soul Suspect? As a narrative exercise, Murdered is very enjoyable. The stories of the various ghosts you encounter are always interesting and sometimes quite haunting. Ronan, the dead detective whom you play, may seem one dimensional at the beginning, but he is 'fleshed out', so to speak as you play, to at least TWO dimensions. But to mitigate this issue are some really interesting characters and stories, i.e. the aforementioned ghosts you meet. Some are quite affecting.The game is, for the most part, solidly built and I experienced no bugs or glitches while playing the game. Glimpses of Airtight Game's puzzle pedigry show through in several sections, though there is never an explicit focus on that kind of gameplay. Yet nor is there a focus on action. This a much more quiet and reflective gameplay experience, which I wonder is not an explanation of the game's poor reviews thus far. Certainly, it is not a blockbuster, but it feels more like an independent, more closely focused affair which I think many will enjoy if they are open to it.In many ways, I kept thinking about similar games I played in the 90s. Perhaps it was the interface itself or the mood or the package as a whole. The game is a throwback, so yes it does have obvious shortcomings. The living world which it hints at is very quickly revealed to be smoke and mirrors, but as already explained, I was fine with that. I liked the characters and the ideas and the game played smoothly. I do not regret slapping down the cash for this one."
,Recommended,233290,16088614,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Shobonimaster,"This game, just this game.I have so much praise for it that I don't even know where to begin, but I'll try to sound it off.-The gameplay is a breath of fresh-air because it's this unique blend of third-person action game with occasional stealth elements and exploration based adventure game with some crime scene investigation and mild puzzle-solving thrown for good measure. I have trouble really classifying it because I've never played anything quite like it, and it really managed to form it's own gameplay identity instead of being a clone of something else or fitting neatly into a pre-defined gameplay genre.-The graphics are also really pretty relative to how easy on the hardware it it. I was able to max it out (with AA turned off) at 1080p on a 750ti and it was rare that it dropped under FPS.-The story is brilliant and actually managed to have a couple twists that I really didn't see coming because of the way it played with my expectations near constantly and intentionally set itself up for common tropes only to subvert or play with them.-The art design is great and does this thing where it creates interesting eviroments by blending the real-world with ghostly left-overs of the past.-It was interesting how it turned no-clip into a game mechanic.-The bonus stuff like the side-missions and ghost stories were cool.I guess there is some cons, though:-The stealth sections can get tedious because the Demons tend to be a little to smart and aggressive, I often found myself trapped because they got stuck in the alert state and wouldn't go back to the posts no matter how well I stayed hidden.-Some poor optimization, I know I said it runs well but it does tend to suffer from really inconsistant framerates, it can be at 55FPS one minute and 100FPS the next and the Vsync is useless because it looks it to 30FPS instead of to your screens refresh rate.-Some of the items are to well hidden, I missed out on two of the Ghost Stories because I just could not find the last items for either, and one location even locked me out of room that the levels last item was presumably in.-No kind of map, even though the ""hub"" area is pretty huge and maze-like.-Short, I spent just over 10 hours on it and that was a playthrough with a lot of messing about and finding A LOT of the bonus items. I imagine it would be under 5 hours if you ignored the side-missions.-Price, I think $30 is pushing it. I paid $4 during a sale and I'd say it's not worth more than $15, so wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,233290,12330808,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Steelbelly,"I tend to give a game a lot of points if the idea of it is good and it looks good. This totally does, it's a cool film noir thing that's written like a paranormal TV show, in a good way. The 'detective' puzzles can be a little...wonky sometimes, abd a lot of them come down to trial and error. But even then it only takes a few minutes to really sort out which clue you need. The ""combat"" is kind of a sore spot, it's basically a stealth/reaction puzzle thing where you have to sneak up behind a demon, hold R, then press the WASD+mouse1/2 combination it shows you. Luckily the demons are pretty sparse. The focus is really on the atmosphere and the writing, which is actually super good."
,Not Recommended,233290,24063846,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,P Nut,"The gameplay is repetitive -- just walk around and find some stuff and sometimes kill some demons.The game itself is buggy. I was able to play the same cinematics twice. Also, the war room mission title keeps popping up on the right hand side when I start the game and then says that it's completed no matter at which point of the game I'm at.The story is not so original. The twists aren't that shocking and you can see it a mile away. The way they try to close all the loose ends just seemed so convenient.I didn't thoroughly enjoy the game and I wouldn't recommend it to friends, but if you're looking for something to pass the time with, this may be worth the while."
,Recommended,233290,33480595,Posted: 12 July,all,Dude13,"First, because I need to get it out of the way: This game is AWESOME!! Anyway, on with the review...Dude13's MURDERED: SOUL SUSPECT review:MURDERED: SOUL SUSPECT is the story of a criminal turned cop named Ronan solving his own murder. The game takes place in Salem, Massachusetts, USA.Ronan is killed at the beginning of the game by a serial killer who has been terrorizing the town. The moniker this killer goes by is the ""Bell killer"". You spend the rest of the game tracking him down. The games is really fun, and makes you think in certain places. The characters will sometimes make you laugh out loud, but they never say anything super unimersive. Story wise, the game is really good and I always found myself wanting to go do that one side-quest or to finish this story mission - and then immediately feeling the same about the next side-quest or story mission... I wanted to experience the story.Performance wise, the game is also really good, running at 23 FPS on a computer that should NOT be able to handle this game. I have a moldy potato laptop (It doesn't even deserve the moniker microwave) from 2011 with integrated graphics processing (No GPU) and the game is playable (With a few lag spikes every once in awhile).In the voice acting and general ""feel"" departments, the game is also really good. There wasn't really had any times were the voices felt out of place or badly recorded. As to the general atmosphere and ""feel"" of the game, this is another place where the game shines. The town FEELS like a town that has been scared S***less of a serial killer. And aside from having all of the Cops playing Deus Ex while their working (Jeez Square Enix, you just couldn't resist could you), they feel nervous, scared and angry that this is all happening right under their noses - and they are especially scared now that one of their own has been killed (Ronan is a cop, remember).I REALLY like this game, but I do have a few complaints, the biggest one being the demons. The developers but in an 'enemy' creature called a Demon (And they DO look pretty demonic), and I think these demons ruin the game. I like challenging games - A LOT - but the Demons are ridiculous. The game gives you no weapons and the ONLY way to kill a Demon is to sneak up behind it and press a random combination of buttons to kill it. I wouldn't have a problem with this, except that the Demons can track you down REALLY easily (It's like they have homing beacons) and once they see you, it's basically impossible to get past the area as the demons will swarm you and kill you. The solution is to change a setting in the AI coding so that they ignore you(Instructions at the bottom under the TL; DR).The other complaint is that you can't change the key bindings - at all. The default control scheme isn't BAD per se, but I think it could be done better, and I would have REALLY liked being able to rebind the keys to what I wanted.Pros:+Story+Gameplay+Optimization+Game atmosphere+Voice acting+Level design/investigations+Also, you get to control cats... And it's even better than it soundsCons:-Demons (There is an easy fix for this tho)-You can't rebind the keys (And the default controls could be better)TL; DR:Get this game!!! I got it on a pretty steep sale, but I don't think I would have regretted getting it for its full price. If this game is on sale, GET IT!!! You will be doing yourself a disservice if you don't. This is a great game.How to make the annoying demons not bother you:1) Navigate to the folder (in your Steam folder) Murdered Soul Suspect/FateGame/Config2) Using Notepad, open the file: DefaultAIPerceptionData.ini3) Find the line:StimTypes=(TypeName=Player,BaseTypeName=Ghost,Result_Awareness=High)4) Change the ""High"" to ""Unaware"" (WITH THE ""U"" CAPITALIZED!!!! THIS IS IMPORTANT)5) Save the file, and run the gameThe demons will ignore you now. You can walk past them or kill them as many times as you want, and they won't fight back."
,Recommended,233290,10340264,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,"XIII ""K."" Iowa IIIX","This game is fun, well excuted and well written. It reminds me of Ace Attorney Investgations. That being said, this is realllllly story heavy, if you are looking for action, the most you get is stealth section in which you can hide and excorise demons by sneaking up on them. The side stories are as good as the main story, I actually stopped doing the main story to find collectibles and solve some of the side cases. If you want a nice story, great atmoshpere, this is a game I highly reccomend. If you are looking for something that is not story heavy, and just want mindless entertainment, stay clear cause you may not enjoy it."
,Recommended,233290,10340288,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Lightmasa,Game plays alot like Alan Wake and L.A Noire.  Its a tad to easy but the story is very good. Over all 7.8/10
,Recommended,233290,31578968,Posted: 6 May,all,JackDestiny01,"When i buy this game, gonna thought it will be some boring story game, but... it's amazing!! The story about the case of Bell Killer make me wanna know and investigate more and more until the case is closed, never expect the Ending to be the little girl who's name is Abigail. Plot twisted stories, Good Gameplay and Addictive Games, Loved it!!!"
76561198079845980,Recommended,233290,10338900,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,theduckster104,"I love this game. Can be a little short if your just trying to blow through it without looking and reading and doing side missions but overall worth it. Plus, I dont know what it is, but those demon things always scare me"
76561198094641299,Recommended,233290,10341028,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,bensoncool,Be warned !!!!!! I the game refused to start since i insyalled and re-installed it 6 times on my PC.
,Recommended,233290,10539937,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,dodge,great game
,Recommended,233290,14503457,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Dvingi,Cat Simulator 2014Would Cat Again10/10 IGN
76561198028086019,Recommended,233290,14592566,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,zais,Really nice interactive movie with puzzles/quests and a little of action elements.You can't complain about anything after 80% sales on this title and HumbleBundle.Will recommend to get it during big sales.NOTICE: be aware of some creepy scenes (not for young ladies/boys)
,Recommended,233290,14395458,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Smoker,Good story and the main character takes his cig with him into the after life.Really made me want to visit Salem.
76561198028263926,Not Recommended,233290,11550298,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Mr Lawson,"While I have said I wouldn't recomend it I do have some positive points as well as negative ones.I will admit the concept is quite a fun one, a dead cop investigating his own death however I feel this game suffers from Remember Me syndrome. A good, interesting concept with bags of potential that has a half arsed delivery. It also feels like a dumbed down L.A Noire, that maybe a bit harsh actualy but anyway it still holds your hand through the investigations that are implemented a lot like L.A Noire. The twist is ok and frankly I was quite a head of the investigation before that point anyway and the rest of the game was basicaly confirming my theories. The controls are also very odd. Exorcising demons, which I swear is never explained how the main character and only him can do it however I may have just missed that or didn't pay attention, involves holding the R then pressing either W,A,S,D and the left mouse button. Now I'm sorry but this is just too much, a 3 button QTE is just too much, it's a QTE not a think for a bit to make sure I have the right button because if you don't your going to have to run fast. These demons are quick and kill quick too, they also freak me out a lot but that might be just me. The mouse is also super sensitive and it took me a while to get used to it even on the lowest setting. The cat controls are ridiculous too and seems to be slightly less broken than Radscorpions, which is saying a lot as they are the most glitchy animals in a game, ever. Oh and the game is too short, and the escort parts are silly as the people your escorting won't move till a distraction happens to lead the person away....who is standing still at the time, not actively searching...so those being escorted are never in any real danger, so it's a tad pointless. On the whole, good concept, average delivery and worth £10 on sale, definatly not full price though.Check out my youtbe channel for lets plays and commentary every Monday and Fridayhttp://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2l1zwMcpJm_hJq4owO3nHg"
,Recommended,233290,10379662,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Iron Infidel,"The game is actually pretty good. Short, but good. The story is absolutely fantastic - well written, well presented. There are a couple of problems I encountered - keyboard controls felt awkward, so I had to switch to xbox controller, the whole ""investigation"" thing is pretty linear. But what saved this game for me was the sheer amount of LORE and background for everything happening and what happened. Hell, even the town and some of it's past events are real. But also not only you can ""read"" newspaper articles or you dead wife's diaries - you can also poke around the city to find some ghostly remains of city's past, reveal some well-narrated backstories and so on.It is pretty linear in it's investigations, but outside them you have your town which is kind of open-worldish, but not really. Nice little touch is the ability to read people's minds - and even though they sometimes repeat - the amount of ""thoughts"" is pretty big and also reveals some lore.The ""ghost"" mechanic is great and executed well - the only bad thing I can name is that in tight spaces (there are not a lot of them, but still) you can easily lose your sense of space because of your ""ghost noclip"" ability. Oh, and demons are kind of annoying, but not too much, and they are pretty rare.The real bad thing is that this game is pretty short. If you ignore all nice details you can possibly complete it in 6 or 5 hours. With all the poking around it will take around 9-10, but not more. Though the story is good, really good. The whole story made me not regret buying it.8/10"
76561198021049499,Not Recommended,233290,10397845,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Azaelios,"Finished pretty quick(5 hours), not really worth 50$, decent gameplay though."
76561197981141329,Not Recommended,233290,10399573,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Orz TNT- [G],game too short...
76561198001826061,Recommended,233290,10405161,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Flikkup,"GHOST DETECTIVE!No but like, you should play this, it's fun! :DI AM BEST REVIEWER EVER."
,Recommended,233290,10408068,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Arctiq,"I've only played this game for a few minutes, and I have to say that it's really good so far. It actually makes you think, like ""Hmm, why did this guy *blahblahblah*"" and stuff.. This game also has a real Ghost Trick: Phantom Detective vibe to it, and as you can see from my profile pic, I freaking love that game. So I was immediately hooked by this game. My only problem with this game, is that there is an annoying border around the entire screen, dispite the fact that I matched my resolution settings in the options. If you could afford this game, I would say go for it!"
76561198032720597,Not Recommended,233290,11189377,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Vik,The story and investigations are good (though sometimes a bit confusing). However the programmers managed to ruin the game with the demon hunts combined with crappy QTE-s. Could have been much better if they implemented some kind of FPS elements since we play a ghost cop after all.
,Not Recommended,233290,10382451,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Kure[DJS],Not even lauching on win 8.1 64bit. Missing DLLs
76561198057041951,Recommended,233290,19133287,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Patchy-pie AKA Glorious Sheep :D,"Ah this game... this game was so ♥♥♥♥ing good! XDYes it maybe slightly short and for me was a bit much normal price (I bought on sale for £3... WHAT A BARGAIN XD)AnywaysThis game was honestly amazing... That's all i have to sayThe characters are awesomely well done and same with the voice actingAnd the plot is just great, you would never predict the ending :D"
76561198055937786,Recommended,233290,10839372,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ryand223,Meowing Simulator 2014 - 10/10
76561198040951139,Recommended,233290,10379442,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,QuantumUnknown96,Murder Soul Suspect is a very good game the story is really intressting as you try to find out who killed you and the gameplay is slow but what do you expect from a detective game.The games combat system is amazing because its slightly tactical to get around the back of the demons to kill them.The investigations are amazing looking for clues and then puting it all together to find out what happened.This game as got a lot of colectables 242 to be exact around the place salem.This game only has one problem after you complete the game it dose not take you back to free roam so you are basicly stuck in the last part of the game so you can't go back out into free roam in salem and get any mising colectables.so i would rate this game 9.5 / 10
,Recommended,233290,10381226,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Junkako,"Instead of working on the various cases and murders of the Bell Killer, the cops insist on playing Dues Ex: Human Revolution and looking at Just Cause 2 posters."
,Recommended,233290,12808302,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Coreplant,"I LOVED this game. But I'll confess to having a bit of a bias due to how firmly this game dug into a favorite subject of mine storywise - laying the dead to rest/bringing peace to the restless dead. The story is dark, intriguing, and I count it among those rare ones where I couldn't figure out where plot twist was going ahead of time.PROS:-Superb storytelling-Excellent quality voice acting-Graphically gorgeous and expressively animated-Tons of exploration-Tons of stuff to collect as a reward for exploring-Interesting story-related things unlocked by finishing collections-Controls overall translated well from controller to keyboard-Intriguing puzzle system.-Very good 'beacon' system to get you from goal to goal along the mainstoryline.Cons:-Barely-there combat system. It fit the feel of the game (I'm serious about this), but anybody looking for more than light stealth sections are going to be disappointed.-No map whatsoever. This can be particularly frustrating when trying to track down collectibles.Verdict: Very, very good, excellent game, just not for everybody."
,Recommended,233290,20104695,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Krakatoa,"This game is a nice break from the extreme combat oriented Triple A titles. A game where your sole purpose is to find your killer and move on to the next life, the game doesn't requre the necessity to fight every single person you see. Instead, you get a story-driven, investigative (and sometimes stealthy) gameplay. The narrative behind this game is spectacular. You'll just have to see for yourself.I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone, no matter how old you are or what kind of games you like. PLAY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,233290,13590760,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Uncle Joe,"Square Enix never disappoints me. I don't know why this game didn't have better reviews, in my opinion it deseves 8/10.The game ran smoothly and the graphics was great. This game is set in a real place where Salem witch trials, that's what make this game interesting. But I think some character should have different accents according to their era, overall this voice acting is pretty good."
,Recommended,233290,20100339,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,→ ɀ ε Ʀ ɵ ←,"WOW, I'm only about an hour into this game and......WOW, Awesome Who done it game, well made, great storyline, great graphics, finally a different than the rest of all the games out there, I'm Hooked !"
,Recommended,233290,23512338,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Octobre,"A little bit too linear to be a proper detective game, Murdered: Soul Suspect still has some very interesting mechanics and even manages to be a bit spooky at times. Gameplay is not its strength, the puzzles are simple and/or make little sense but if you like crime stories, you will easily get to the ending of this, admitedly, very short game.Enjoyable, glad I played it but probably won't be thinking about it in a year's time."
,Not Recommended,233290,10388374,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,RonanRaven,Positives:+A great detective mystery story+Leaves you guessing until the end+Side storiesNegatives:-Bad controls--Some menus use keyboard only--keyboard layout could have been more entuitive-Only 2 enemy types-Enemies are defeated by QTE (quick time event)-Subtitles do not match up with context (displays way before action happens)-no in game map (must register on a website to get an interactive map)
76561198069080546,Recommended,233290,10379205,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,MaxisMundi,Best cat simulator ever. Period.
,Recommended,233290,10378953,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Captain Lightingsworth,Quality face touching. 10/10
76561198020938823,Not Recommended,233290,10408593,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Xyphieness,Not actually a game.
,Recommended,233290,10378173,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,UnderMaker,The game is like LA Noire but it beautiful and more fun
76561198132842762,Not Recommended,233290,10388674,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,katebloomfieldauthor,"Save your money.I was pretty excited to play this game, but after completing the main story-line in under 9 hours I am severely disapointed.Difficulty:This game is incredibly easy. It's basically point-and-click. You can't make any mistakes, really. You walk between locations and look for clues, which are very obviously highlighted for you.  I thought I'd have to be solving puzzles, piecing together clues, but everything is spoon-fed to you. The main character must be the worst detective in history, because I was figuring things out way before he was. There's no real threat or doom in this game. I mean, you're already dead, so you can't exactly die. The only obstacle (if you can call it that) are the soul-sucking demons (Which look like Dementors from Harry Potter) which pop up and must be vanquished (Which is also very easy to do. Just sneak up behind them, click three buttons and POOF! Gone).Story:The story could be interesting if it wasn't painfully dummed down. There are no complex intertwining stories, no in-depth characters. Everyone is exceptionally bland and cliche. *Spoilers ahead* So you play a detective called Ronan in Salem who has just been murdered by the ""Bell Killer"". Ronan is exceptionally slow. It takes most of the game for him to figure out that this ""Bell Killer"" preys on ""witches"". (It's Salem. That was obvious.) He discovers who the murderer is with the help of a ""Medium"" who can see/communicate with the dead.Graphics:Even the graphics themselves aren't that good. The characters mouths move at random, not really forming any real words. They move their arms and heads around as if they're puppets being pulled by strings. Even the cinematics are poor; clothes have jagged edges, and character's faces have no emotion.Glitches:There are glitches in this game which don't allow you to complete current objectives. Also, it's a checkpoint save game, so if you encounter a glitch you must reload from the last save-point (wherever thay may be). I also had a problem of cinematic scenes repeating themselves if I walked into a location where the objectives had already been completed.World:There is a very small area of game play. No map needed. You are in a tiny town and you are able to enter the museum, the church, the graveyard, the police station and the hospital (but only when the game calls for it). No free-roaming or exploring. Just walk to the next location (the arrows show you the way) and complete the objective. Then it's on to the next location.Overall:This is a VERY boring, VERY easy game. Utterly dissapointing.Rating:2/10"
,Not Recommended,233290,10418718,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Katmai,It look like Facebook find object game.
,Recommended,233290,19945028,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Snus,"The game has a good story, nice environments and believable characters with solid voice overs. Actually, it could have been one of those interactive movies if not these two things.First of all, it's completely linear. The main story and a few side quests. The only variable is whether you find all the collectibles (they are all related to the lore) or not. More likely, not - looking for every collectible is just too boring and doesn't provide much new information.Secondly, for some reason the creators tried to add more depth to gameplay and introduced demons that you need to hide from or kill stealthily. And it just doesn't work. Too easy for any Thief (Splinter Cell, Hitman, etc) player and too boring on top of that. Thankfully, those moments with demons are really short and sometimes you can simply run through them and then hide.Despide the flaws, I still recommend playing it. Basically, it's like watching a good movie. Perhaps you can even be surprised in the end!"
,Recommended,233290,12811241,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Matt,"Really awesome game, painfully short.  Game is pretty easy, really no penalty for wrong answers to investigations.  It's also really linear.  But regardless I found myself really enveloped in the world and lore, I found myself finishing it quickly within 3 settings, totalling 10 hours.  If I could say one are I did not like were the demons (enemies) in the game, the only way to beat them is to use a QTE that lasts no more than 1 second on screen that randomizes each time; if you fail you need to hide for a good 30 seconds to a minute if not more each time.  If more than one demon is chasing you, good luck - just kill yourself and restart at checkpoint because I *never* was able to elude more than one demon at a time.The story is fanstastic, the voice acting is above average bordering on great.  There is an awesome twist right at the end and the culprit, in the realm of the gameworld, is believeable and throughly explained.  However it has very little to no replay value.  I would really like to see a sequel with a more fleshed out overworld and maybe branching paths or consequences to your choices.I give the game a 4 out of 5"
76561198062188853,Not Recommended,233290,13694971,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,RoboRob,"I'm going to begin by voicing my displeasure at the fact that steam has only a two means of reviewing a game. The bright blue thumbs up or red thumbs down is the first thing people see and it is criminal that I'm forced to open my opinion with either a blatant recommendation or condemnation, as it is often never that simple. Murdered: Soul Suspect is one of those games that I feel very ambivalent towards. It gets a thumbs down though for reasons I'll gladly expound upon here but I'll start by saying that If you do want to buy this game, go ahead, but do it at a discount as there isn't enough of it to warrant its full price by a long shot.Murdered: Soul Suspect is a supernatural intrigue game where you play as Ronan O'Connor, gangland warrior turned detective and wandering samurai warrior, who is tracking a mysterious serial killer. Ronan is about apprehend the killer in the opening cutscene when the killer decides he's had enough of the law and reenacts the opening scene from Watchmen all over Ronan's face before shooting him seven times in the chest. So Ronan is dead, but you knew that already. Ronan now has to endeavor to do in one night what the entire police force couldn't do in years worth of time and solve the case of the Bell Killer. M:SS reminds me of two very specific games I actually liked, the first of which is Alan Wake. Like Alan Wake, this game is about supernatural dealings with a distinctly traditional American feel. Also like AW, the rules for the supernatural stuff in this game are very well defined.The supernatural lore being dealt with this time is ghosts, exploring all the traditional facets of what you might think ghosts are like, but before you go hog wild there is an exception to each of your abilities. You can pass through walls but not consecrated or ethereal walls, which mark the level boundaries. You can jumble electronics, but not to any meaningful degree. You can possess people but not control their actions. You can teleport, but not over demon holes so you still have to circumvent those on foot. Also like in Alan Wake, there isn't a whole lot to do in between plot points except hunt for collectibles. This leads me into the real issue I had with this game: its design.Murdered: Soul Suspect is a game of extra steps. I kept a running list of things the game took more than one step to complete without needing to: Often the game will end a cutscene just to have you press the interact button to continue the same cutscene. When questioning a suspect, you have to press a button for each option you want to explore but the interrogation doesn't end until all options are explored, so it might as well be one long cutscene. You can read the minds of people you possess but each person has exactly two things to say and you have to press the button twice to hear both things when they could just say them both at once. When piecing together the clues of an investigation, if you pick a wrong option you get booted from the screen, having to reenter the screen to continue. When grabbing collectibles, you have to reveal the object first before picking it up. The collectibles are half hidden but the game tells you where they are so there's no need for hiding them. Speaking of collectibles, there are a plethora of them, all of which have very little to no bearing on the actual game. Each area has a unique object that, once all are gathered, will unlock  a spooky campfire story unrelated to what you are doing. There are a series of over arching collectibles including diary pages from Ronan's dead wife (really the only means of character development), handy info blurbs copy-pasted from the Salem tourism comity website, and newspaper clippings reminding you how creepy and invincible the serial killer is.While Alan Wake also felt the need to boldly announce the appearance of an enemy so that there is no way for you to be caught off guard, at least it had engaging combat. Every once in a while the game breaks up the monotony by presenting you with enemies to sneak up behind and quick-time-event to death. Once or twice a level, there will be demons that half-heatedly wander around in an enclosed area. You have to hide in the hiding spot and wait for the monster to turn around so you can slowly walk up behind it and kill it. This ends up being tedious and non-threatening, unit you mess up. If you manage to not properly dispatch your spectral foe, the backlash is absurd. Demons will kill you within a 3-5 second window unless you can scurry back to a hiding spot. However, once detected, the demons can see you in hiding spots; forcing you to shift between them as fast and erratically as possible until they give up. This turns what little combat there is into a game of Red Light, Green Light. These sections make no sense to the lore of the game either as there is no reason given as to why Ronan seems to be the only ghost that can dispatch the demons. No introduction is given to the power nor is it explained that Ronan is the only one capable of it, leading me to wonder why the other ghosts all flee in terror when the demons show up.The second game I'm reminded of is L.A. Noire, because the investigation sections are reminiscent of the ones in that game. You have to walk around the crime scene and collect the clues, using them to piece together the motive of the criminal. There are six to fourteen clues per scene but only three of them at most are ever necessary to continue. It's no secret that detective work is not as flashy or intriguing as it is portrayed in popular culture, but no where is this more obvious than video games. L.A. Noire had a good mix of action and detective work, due (I think) to it's structure. All the clues were relevant because solving the case was the goal of the mission and everything unfolded naturally. Murdered, by contrast, has you investigating glaringly obvious crime scenes which, more often than not, inform you of something you already knew. For example, one crime scene later on in the game has you investigating a room full of people the Bell Killer murdered all at once. At the point of investigation, however, you have already been made aware of what the killer did afterword, so the reason for killing the room full of people is obvious. Then, once you investigate the room, Ronan stands there and tells the the reason the killer did it, even though you already knew. Really the investigating is just being a master of the obvious. It's also impossible to fail to find all of the clues, because the game tells you how many are present in the scene.Murdered, like many games these days, would have probably made a better book or movie. The game play really just consists of different kinds of walking around and looking at things. Despite being a game made by an established developer and publisher, this is something any indie dev could have made, if not made look quite as good. In the end, games are meant to be interactive; that is what the medium excels at. Yet more and more it seems like games are being made with interactivity at the bottom of their priority list. Once during the middle of a cutscene I caught my self replying to text messages. It was then I realized how bored I was with the game; how absolutely unengaged I felt. The story was really not all that bad but being set in Salem, you can bet with reliability that it will have to do with what Salem is famous for. I would rather them have just made a movie out of it and cut out the game play entirely. At least then it would have taken me only 120 minutes to get through."
,Recommended,233290,28114613,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,hellcat5,"I'm blown away with this game.  Wow. Why did I overlook this?  great gameplay, I'm enjoying the story.  Very challenging at times with avoiding / killing demons.  Definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,233290,24113576,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Dynamo,"Fabulous game - enjoyed the story with lots of twists and turns.  Very cleverly put together.  Graphics were good also as well as the background music (although sitting in the dark playing this in the house alone is not reccomended!  Very eerie!!).  Although I did enjoy the concept of the demons and figuring out the best way to strategically defeat them, this became tiresome and detracted from the main storyline.  Enjoyed the side cases also, as that added more variety. I was totally engrossed in the game and hoped it had continued for longer!  Would love to play more games like this one."
,Recommended,233290,23907832,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ＰｅｅＰｅｅ ＰｏｏＰｏｏ Ｍａｎ,Collector Simulator 2014
,Not Recommended,233290,24075463,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,IvizGames,"""Murdered: Soul Suspect"" had my hopes. Yet, as soon as I downloaded it, it disapointed me. The gameplay is rough on the PC and even the font isn't well polished. I had high hopes for a ""Resident Evil"" kind of game. Yet, the game was glitchy and laggy."
76561198010489559,Recommended,233290,12755472,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,DatCatShiffty,"This game has the Graphics ,story and Intreguing gameplay that a Horror thriller needs.The only downside tho this amazing game is that it is very very short.That being said ,it is a Sale purchase for sure ,get it while it's hot people!"
76561197989507502,Recommended,233290,13297470,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,bonifacy,Only GTA 5 can compete with this game in cat simulation.
,Recommended,233290,10375090,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,haydencjr1990,this game is for those who are looking for a muder mystery game. Do not expect anything else. This game is very very good for its genre.
76561198034087687,Recommended,233290,10372499,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Sanity,Simply a very genius idea. You investigate your own murder through a marvellous RP adventure. Not only that - collect hidden clues to reveal ghost stories.
,Recommended,233290,10389121,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Allen,"It is not as good as ""The Last of Us"" But it is a very VERY good game!"
,Recommended,233290,10375376,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Skolia,"I enjoyed this game and found the story to be interesting (and some well acted voice work and some excellent mocap).For me, the good points outweighed some of the flaws in execution.    (The demon fighting I found to be rather tedious and wore thin quickly.   I would've been happier if this had been executed as more of a straight on adventure game.)In spite of the some of the flaws, I feel the metacritic score of 60 is a little harsh."
,Recommended,233290,10399906,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,xMissyChrissy,10/10You can play as a kitty cat.
,Recommended,233290,10861155,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Spikeynator,Great game with a great story just sad that its only 7 hours of gameplay like most of these type games.
,Recommended,233290,12472063,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,CodayBlue,I dont know why the critics were so harsh on this title. I got it the day it came out and just finally got the time to play it. I would give this game a 9/10. It has one of the best mistery themed story I have played through. Also that ending I was not expecting. Its an awesome game and I would buy it again hands down if I did not already own it.
,Recommended,233290,10349603,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Goudie71,game is awesome nice ghoststory feel like you watching ghost and hiding for demons gameplay is ok like L A Noire except sofar no cars but is good you have to solve you own death this game is a mix of the movies ghost and the crow so far i enjoy the game let see how the story end and you can possest people and see what they thing or what the have for secrets
,Recommended,233290,23368478,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Chuckles,"Boring and repetitive at times(especially in the last parts), but the story is quite good.Also, there are clearly performance and compatibility issues in the PC version."
,Recommended,233290,14122561,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,`ƁĪƓƓǛǸŜ57＇,Very enjoyable game with alot of twists keeping you guessing and wondering what's next. Playing as Ronan O'Connor  you piece together clues and evidence to find his killer . With just the right amount of skill for anyone to keep the story moving along.Great voice overs and dialogue that had me smiling and laughing at times.If you like to find hidden objects there are 247 total artifacts to find if that's something you'd be interested in .Having missed 3 artifacts I proceeded to the final chapter and couldn't go back. So unfortunately I will have to do a second play through to get the game to 100% . Game does allow you to skip dialogue.So as I play the game over I can fast track many scenes and also leave the artifacts I don't need alone saving time.
76561197962886537,Not Recommended,233290,14357346,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,"D0L3, the Prince of Prostitutes","How the reviews for this are ""Mostly Positive"" is beyond me.This game is essentially clicking on items, then clicking on dialogue options. There is absolutely no challenge to this, whatsoever.It is mostly like an interactive movie. However, the voice-acting, storyline, and general plot foundation is total B rated garbage.I couldn't get past around an hour before I started to feel like the game was more of a chore than doing laundry.Not worth the $5 I paid for it."
,Recommended,233290,19805272,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,neoadorable,"Only played a couple of hours but already clear this is a pretty decent offering if you're into something a little moody and at the same time not macabre. Imagine an clue exploration game with the investigations from LA Noire with a paranormal twist. There's tons to discover, lots of parallel stories and investigations going on, and reasonably unique gameplay mechanics. These don't always work so well, for example prompts don't highlight unless you move around to a certain angle, etc. But overall very decent experience, and worth getting on sale - not full price. The graphics are a little rough, especially character animation, but they set the tone very well nonetheless. I'd say a solid 6/10, which is fine if you can get it for an affordable price."
76561198010336419,Not Recommended,233290,11067798,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Amurad,"Interesting mechanics and story don't save this.  When it tries to be an actual game, it's absolute garbage.  Don't bother putting in stealth mechanics if your engine can't handle it.  Also you can't skip the credits and they are 10 minutes long.  Screw this game."
,Not Recommended,233290,10483818,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,[TKO] Console_2,"Not worth the money, short game play time, buggy (can't complete some quests) too many cut scenes."
76561198141733817,Recommended,233290,14737140,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,E.P.D. Gaffney,"I enjoyed it tremendously.  Absolutely a unique experience.Playing as a ghost was well implemented in my opinion.  They used what I found were convincing concepts in order to limit your navigation where needed, establishing clear rules from the outset.The mystery-solving was great.  It reminded me of L.A. Noire some (but I much preferred L.A. Noire I must say, as a game and specifically in its mystery-solving methods).  My one problem with it is that there really isn't a penalty for being a poor detective.  It's up to you to challenge yourself by not selecting all the answers until you get it right.  Of course, your 'ranking' is lowered for each incorrect guess but that's not a gameplay penalty as much as a pride penalty.The story was compelling and the voice-acting was brilliant for anyone with a name you learn in the game.  Unfortunately, most of the NPCs with names you don't know, are comically wooden and not remotely human.  I loved Joy, notable given I thought I'd hate an angsty teen written by someone that's not an angsty teen, moreover one that's meant to be comedic and have an attitude; the media don't seem to be good at that in general, so this was a nice change.Then there's the voice acting in the ghost stories.  That was phenomenal.  The stories were well written and well performed.  Absolutely a brilliant touch.I really felt connected to Julia, your wife in the game.  She's hardly in the game, but you can collect her memories, and they're written.  If you read them, you begin to develop a real sense of who she is.  I have to commend that sort of characterisation.The main character is believable.  Probably someone I'd laugh at in real life (even though I'd still like him; he's a good person and he certainly takes things in stride), but I can't say I haven't known people like him.  And the writing and acting make that believeable.Speaking of taking things in stride, that's one flaw in the writing; too many people take too many things in stride.  But that's negligible in the face of everything else.The combat system isn't much of a combat system, but I felt it worked well.  In fact, had they called your one move 'exorcise' or something instead of 'execute', you could have had a true example of a great game utterly devoid of combat, where overcoming your enemy isthe best thing you can do for them.  There's a nice stealth element alongside the one move you have.The dæmons are extremely creepy in design.  I love it.The music is great, but I wish that in a place where it becomes tense for enemies, that it would become less tense once the enemies are neutralised.  It doesn't.  A minor flaw I suppose.The game feels like an indie game and was developed by Airtight Games, who were apparently independent according to Wikipedia.  I say this because the graphics are rather poor compared to contemporary games, and like many indie developers, the engine used was the old UE3 engine, rather than what was most current.There's a lot of history in the game.  Old Salem bleeds into the modern Salem as the main character (and all ghosts I imagine) sees things.  You can collect snippets of history, which were probably all accurate, as the ones I was familiar with were all correct.Bonus:I'm a linguist, and I liked that a lot of the accents were notably correct.  The game takes placein Salem, which isn't too far from Boston.  I'm very familiar with the Boston accent as it's rather high-profile in dialects of English, and moreover as it has a significant Irish influence.  I'm not terribly familiar with Salem's accent but a lot of characters possess Boston traits so I assume they were trying to localise the accent at least as Massachusetts, which is really interesting to someone like me.  Also, a lot of Irish turns of phrase are used, which on looking them up are apparently common in that area of America, from Irish emigrants.  Nice.  Not only that, a lot of people have Irish names, which is rather realistic and once again interesting.Oh, but the old-time Puritan accents were cat.  Absolute rubbish they were.Speaking of cats, you can possess cats and meow and climb things and jump on things.  Another nice touch."
,Not Recommended,233290,32023788,Posted: 28 May,all,Herr Sieg,"This game is a mediocre point and click adventure. And the point and click adventure genre is at a state, where it's near imposible to shine as a good videogame.It does not execute properly any of the key aspects that made point and click advetures fun, like: interesting universes, a great variety of characters with interesting personalites, mind-bending puzzles that can be always solved by thinking logicaly; the list goes on and on.This experience does not benefict at all from being a video-game, it could have been a movie and the final result would be at least twice as good as this. The gameplay is just not interesting, and every playable part is whether just mindlessly going through the motions, or a tedious, time-consumig ordeal.It's only ""strong point"" would be the story, and even if the story is not half-bad, it is told horribly, more than half of it is just pure exposition.This game can be labeled as a very high budget production, that has been terribly directed by people that did not know what exactly they were aiming for, nor what is that makes a good videogame.If you like point and click adventures and would like to see what it's next generation has to offer, go play L.A. Noire instead, that's an actually interesting game.If you don't mind any flaws I've explained, and just want to have a game to play and relax, with amazing graphics and wonderful voice acting, shure, go for it.But being honest, I regret spending money on this game, and I bought it for 5 bucks."
76561197995826664,Not Recommended,233290,10428926,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,rocker_mipt,"Not a real game, rather an interactive movie for a few evenings. Defenetely overpriced, the game is unlikely to be replayed by me so 800 RUB for 5 hours gameplay is too much."
,Recommended,233290,12140539,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Lehkeri,"I was genuinely surprised by this game. I had my doubts when the hype around this game began to wane when it got closer to launch. Glad I was mistaken.The story starts with a bang and keeps you interested with a plethora of sidequests and lore. There's a lot to find in Salem, as there are over 200 pieces of different collectibles you can, uhm, collect. Bits of info about the town, witch trials and the characters themselves. All of them well written.Graphically the game looks good, but then again I'm really not that into graphics when I play. Voice acting is quite nice, though the budget seems to limit the amount of voice actors on NPC:s, as you tend to hear the same dialog often. But at least you don't hear Nolan North arguing with Nolan North (looking at you, Mafia 2).Story is great, in my opinion, and the ending was good. No cliffhangers or anything, everything is resolved.The gameplay is okay, although the ""stealth combat"" seems a bit out of place. It's only padding, really, they should have let that on the cutting room floor. The UI is very console-like, with rather odd button bindings. Nothing major, though. I played this with keyboard & mouse with no problems.All in all, it's a good game, definitely better than its metacritic score. Sure it's not a masterpiece by any means, but it sure has a spot on my underrated gems -list."
76561198083576124,Recommended,233290,26567146,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,GigaFallus9000,+good story+good visuals+good audio-demons just waste your time-console cancer all over-hard to care for collectable nonsenseget on discount
,Recommended,233290,29325809,Posted: 17 January,all,Robo | TinyRick,"It's not the best game you'll ever play, but I liked the character's and the story. The gameplay itself is pretty easy and mostly consists of looking for clues.Good fun for a few hours."
,Recommended,233290,20074408,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Mr. Nice Guy: Bom de Briga,Noclip Simulator
76561198113296344,Recommended,233290,31555083,Posted: 5 May,all,vipquynhson,Good story and gameplay but short.
,Recommended,233290,20664648,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,RogueVandal,"Decent Detective game, nice story as well."
,Recommended,233290,20705489,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Red Saber,I really enjoyed being a detective in Salem and wasn't disappointed in this game 'cept the demon parts.
76561197968907104,Not Recommended,233290,31581456,Posted: 6 May,all,TheSHEEEP,"tl;dr: Good movie, horrible game. Buy under 10$ and use cheats to skip the ""enemies"".This product has a good story (also the side-stories you discover), good atmosphere, characters and voice acting.If it was a movie, it would be pretty good. This is why ratings here are relatively high - people are pretty bad at applying standards to reviews.However, as this claims to be a games, it has to be judged as such. And it fails in almost every aspect:- First of all, there is little to no gameplay to begin with. What you actually do as a player is about as much as you do in the Telltale interactive movies (no, they are NOT games).Just much, much worse.- There is one type of ""enemy"" in this game. Not even reskins. Really just one. From beginning to end. To ""defeat"" it, you have to do a quicktime event (a random combo of 2 buttons, wow). That's it. Utterly horrible.- The ""puzzles"" in this game cannot be called such, a 5 year old could figure everything out. Yet this is clearly a game meant for an adult audience.- The controls work... barely. And sometimes they bug out. Especially the teleporting is unreliable and completely inconsistent.- Only one other ""challenge"" is finding items in each level. Really. Finding items in a level in... when did this game come out? 2014? Oh, my. So creative. And finding the last few items is a horrible nightmare as some of them are simply hidden pretty well. So - if you'd actually want to catch them all - you'd be running back and forth in the same level, checking each corner 3 times. This is game design from hell.- Replayability does not exist. There are no choices here, not even fake ones as in the Telltale products.I could go on, but you probably get the picture.Every single attempt at gameplay this game makes just falls flat or is downright offensively obnoxious.If they had stripped all the horrible ""gameplay"" elements and just made it the interactive movie they were clearly going for, the ratings for this game would have been higher.It is no wonder the devs got axed only few months after the game's release. I hope that the artists, sound people and writers got good new jobs - and that whoever was responsible for that ""gameplay"" did not get a job in the same position again. Some people are not cut to make game design."
,Not Recommended,233290,11624363,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Koriana,"Okay, I am happy there was a 50% off on this. You can youtube this game and get the same benefits, minus the STUPID demons constantly trying to jam you up. Nancy Drew was better than this...."
,Recommended,233290,20832015,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,☢ Charles Bartowski™,"Right, first off i like this game because it has a interesting storyline and cool features. The mood set throughout the game is calm but at points it changes which makes the game seem better than your first official thought. To be honest apart from that the game is pretty cool and a enjoyable solo campaign game. I rate it 7/10 and recommend you buy it....."
,Not Recommended,233290,30609155,Posted: 19 March,all,LittleZeasel,"So... I love the idea of the story. Investigate your own murder, help other ghosts along the way. Superb premise. I play games for the story. I personally am not a fan of fight driven games, or games that constantly interrupt the story due to fights and battles inbetween. If the difficulty could be changed to ""walk through the fight, so I can go on with my puzzles and story"", then that would be ideal for me.As is, however, the controls are so infuriating that I stopped playing it in first chapter.Randomised-button-smashing-after-on-screen-prompt as a ""battle"" is not my description of fun, particularly when half the time the game doesn't react at all to the button usage even though you KNOW you have hit the right ones. In the right order.(edit: there is a function that lets you make the demons be completely unaware and they won't bother you. That at least let me play the game through to the end...)So, if you are after action, and battle and that tiresome interruption of the story, then yes, that games if for you and I can recommend it, because the graphics are amazing, and the idea behind it is great.Either way, if you are like me, a casual gamer that doesn't have a world of time and plays for exploration, story, puzzles, then no, this one is way too infuriating and I cannot recommend it. (Though, playable with Demon's off, it's bearable and I enjoyed it a tad bit more).Meh... Guess I'll stick to my ""simple games"" like Myst, Riven, Obduction, etc."
76561198002436016,Not Recommended,233290,30694353,Posted: 23 March,all,Golem25,"There's a lot of good to be found in this game, but it is ultimately let down by its length, scope, and incredibly frustrating 'combat' mechanics.You play as Ronan, a newly-deceased detective on the trail of the same serial killer that had just taken his life. In his new ghostly form, he possesses powers of teleportation, x-ray vision, and some other supernatural capabilities in addition to his police skills.The game is fully linear in nature with some detours (small side stories), but ultimately railroads players down a single, short path. Taking my time to look around, I ended up clocking just under 10 hours on my playthrough, but your mileage may vary here. In addition to basically being a one-track experience, the game heavily relies on collectibles to flesh out its characters, setting, and lore; a bad design decision as not everyone may be inclined to seek out every little hidden detail. All Steam Achievements are tied into this as well; if you collect all 242 collectibles, you have 100% completion outside of surviving the final 'boss battle'.Nonetheless, if you are a fan of murder mysteries, point 'n click games, and supernatural stuff in general, Murdered might be worth a look during a sale (you want to go for 90% off, like I did). That being said, don't expect a groundbreaking ride; interest in the aforementioned things will justify a cheap price tag on this game, but little more than that.If you have no strong interest in the above genres, steer clear of this game; short on content, zero replayability, horribly implemented and hamfisted combat, some bewildering design decisions, and suffocating linearity (with plenty of walls to stifle your progress) will kill most enjoyment you can get out of this game. Additionally, the developers closed down less than a month after release, which is pretty ironic considering the sense of wanting to get things over with the ending has about it. A shame considering the likable protagonist, but the closest the game comes to outright telling you you shouldn't have bothered."
,Not Recommended,233290,10379520,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,arsenikKattmynta,What manner of asinine ♥♥♥♥ puts a bunch of hidden stuff in one area of the game that you are unable to visit in the end when you're scrounging up all your clues.At least give free-roam once you finish the main story.
,Not Recommended,233290,10401989,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Kim,"6 hours game playAfter having finish this game, I would rate this 6/10. The score are deducted as follow.-2 for game lengths. having to wait for a year, I would have expected the game to last for more then 6 hours of game play. And for the amount that I am paying it is not worth getting. heck there isn't even a start new + where we can do more side quest or something. Major disappointment.-1 not challenging enough. I have play many other detective rpg games but this one seems to be really dumb down. the clues were very easy to get and conclusion was very obvious. I was expecting more of a challenge and a little bit more action.-1 no charctor build. there were no real charactor background relating to the game.  for example there were no solid explanation as to why the antigonize went out of its way to hunt the so call ""witch"" in the game.overall it feels  like the charactor are introduce as if they were made up on the spot.overall conclusion, i believe this game has more potential and hope that there are some sort of free dlc for customer who paid at $49.99. I would not recommend to get this game at a full-price. If you are really interested, then try waiting for the price to go down like say 19.99 or something (well, if you waited for a year, might as well wait a little longer)."
76561198021646880,Not Recommended,233290,10386940,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,The Ginger Guy In The Suit,"Murdered: Soul Suspect is a typical Square Enix title story-wise, however it falls short on game length, suspense based on its genre and some pretty slow controls. What do I mean by slow controls? I mean that walking is more like shuffling and the run option is nothing more than a fast paced walk. Granted you get a power later on that helps with that problem, but only to a point.The story is well presented but it still feels rushed and boring at times. The only thing that would make the gameplay any longer is by aquiring all the collectibles which I feel has had more time spent on than some more important parts of the game, both finding them and reading/watching them. This game is portrayed as a thriller and it hasn't failed on that part. However it also implies some horror elements that aren't really present, even with the ""spooky"" spectres.As my activity time shows, I've not spent long on this game. I'd say that the campaign is only around 3-4 hours long and all other time is spent simply getting the collectibles or completing the tiny amount of sidecrimes/cases that you can solve.All in all, this is getting a thumbs down. While the story is good, I can't help but feel that this game was rushed out to help with the new gen consoles rather than be a good game. I also don't think that with the small amount of time spent on thisgame it is worth the £24.99 price tag."
,Recommended,233290,13774048,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,that's what she said,Maybe it's not the best game ever. But it has soul.
,Not Recommended,233290,23257080,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Crewman Six,"KB&M controls are awful.  menus wouldnt respond right, navigation was atrocious.  I was stuck in a menu because left click wasnt working any more and esc to close it wasnt responding either.  im sure i just lost a ton of progress on my case.  Interesting game so far, but it clearly is a port in the highest way.I'm sure its a great game, and an awesome story, and cool original mechanics.... but the port controls are killing me.  Down voted for now.  MAYBE i'll play it some more one day."
,Not Recommended,233290,18933776,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,CRASH-OVERRIDE,it's boring. worth a few bucks on sale but nothing special about this game to write home about. Doubt I'll keep playing long enough to finish.
,Not Recommended,233290,13065088,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,ConsoleCowboy,"What an awful awful game. Flat characters, lame story, poor game play with rediculously easy puzzles. It's like someone had a good idea for game and then someone else who didn't get it at all was forced to implement it. The only interesting twists in the story happen in the last five minutes. The best think I can say about it is that it's short. Avoid at all costs."
76561198104501108,Not Recommended,233290,13100676,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Emeelee,"Great idea for a game and loved the story line and atmosphere. However.. short game, you are able to finish it within like 6 - 8 hrs if you aren't trying to collect all the hidden items like I was.+ very small mapOverall I wouldn't recommend it because you just can't get that far. You pay alot for a short game."
76561198223426672,Recommended,233290,20137460,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,❥￭ ɮʊΤΤɛrfly ￭❥,All I can say is Wowwwwww.... This game an the story line is  AWESOME!! Graphics are unreal... Puzzles  are a bit rough but keeps things very intresting ♥ Those who rate this game poorly  haven't really played this game. .. WARING: Highly addictive ♥
,Not Recommended,233290,19999215,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Lovecraftian,"WARNING -The game is full of gamebreaking bugs, including one with you getting stuck in the menus not able to proceed. Only solution is ctrl-alt-delete. No patch or fix known, and the developer is defunct.EDIT: Was able to play the game in windowed-mode. It's a damn shame cause the game ain't that bad."
76561197983929314,Not Recommended,233290,17040436,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,⎛⎝ ❗️ℑσσst❗️ ⎠⎞,What i expected: Detective style puzzle game with smart dialogue and puzzles and a good storyWhat i got: Walking simulator with a story i already forgotThank god i finished it in 7 hours
,Not Recommended,233290,23427575,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,GAWMan,"MURDERED has a cool concept and plot: You have been murdered and trying to solve your own murder as a ghost. What is not cool, however, is how repetitive and confusing this game can get.The game is a glorified movie with a few cuts of brain-dead gameplay here or there. Your objective will tell you to go to a location. Then you will use to stealth to kill some demons, then you will pickup all the clues to solve a few ""questions"" which lead you to another location. Rinse and repeat a few times.The crux of the game should be solving hard puzzles, but most puzzles are just wandering around a small room and mashing 'E' on everything to 'reveal' it. Then you have unlimited tries to put the 'clues' together (there is NO penalty for guessing wrong, not even a special perfect ending). Additionally, the demon fighting game play is ridiculously easy. I realized half-way through that you could actually run past every demon without fighting them. In other words, there is no challenge.One final thing I didn't like: No mini-map in-game. It turns out you only could get a mini-map if you PREORDERED the game (for something so core you would think it would just come with the game). If you are a completionist this makes collecting everything a living hell. Every wall in the town looks the same. And some collectibles don't appear unless you go along all the walls and mash a button (in other words, this is near-impossible without a guide)."
76561198085801741,Not Recommended,233290,11828788,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Toruk,"ENGLISH (translated by google translate)For now, I just started to play but I already feel the lack of an option that allows me to change the language of the subtitles and speech separately.If you are the programmers, and you read this, I ask you kindly to remedy this with a patch.ITALIAN (original)Per adesso ho appena cominciato a giocare ma già sento la mancanza di un opzione che mi permetta di cambiare la lingua del audio e dei sottotitoli in maniera separata.Se siete i programmatori e leggete questo, vi chiedo cortesemente di rimediare a ciò con una patch."
,Not Recommended,233290,11668876,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Fultrim,"Solid story line with cinematic scenes, along with multiple side stories with their own stories.However, the game has little to no replay value as it is extremely linear.  You are not allowed to investigate as you see fit, but rather as it fits their predetermined path.Game completion with nearly all sub clues collected in 10.4 hours of playtime.I give the game a 4 out of 10"
,Not Recommended,233290,13019183,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Blooey,"If somebody asked me to describe Murdered: Soul Suspect in one word, I would say: Unfinished.It's evident from the start that this game was rushed out the door too early in order to meet a deadline. Many things that you'd expect from a modern, full-priced AAA game are not present here. I knew something was up even before I jumped into the actual game. The menu was just a static image. There were no flashy effects when you highlighted any of the options. No bells and whistles whatsoever. Of course, none of that is actually necessary, but it is odd to see a big-budget game cut corners like that.Unfortunately, this was just the tip of the iceberg.After the game's opening cutscene, you're immediately tasked with investigating a crime scene. Games like Ace Attorney and L.A. Noire have already demonstrated excellent examples of how to simulate actual detective work, so it's pretty baffling to me that Murdered: Soul Suspect would take the most basic, and un-intuitive route possible.You point. You click. You win.There's almost zero deductive reasoning involved in investigating these crime scenes. Gathering evidence presents no challenge, since the ""clues"" are ridiculously easy to spot in the environment. It's depressing that the biggest problem I ran into when solving the mystery behind these crime scenes was my tendency to overthink them. Turns out, the most obvious solution is ALWAYS the right one. Once you figure that out, the rest of the game is a cakewalk.So what else is there? Well, your ghostly character can possess people. This is a great idea on paper, but your enthusiasm will quickly wane once you realize that you can't actually control your posessee's. However, you can read their minds. Better than nothing, I suppose, but you'll be in for a rude awakening once you find that NPCs in the town only have a handful of phrases to recite, none of which are actually relevant to the investigation at hand. What could've been an excellent and inventive way to acquire information about the details of your case is squandered by the complete ineptitude of the developers.Soul Suspect isn't entirely without merit though. The story held my attention for the duration of the game, and even though the characters are archetypes that we've already seen before from the detective/mystery genre, it still managed to be a moderately intriguing tale. The pay-off is also decent, with a twist ending that even M. Night Shyamalan would be proud of.What saddens me the most is that Murdered: Soul Suspect is a very solid idea, and it could've easily been a great game with a little more TLC. It's painful to see a game with this much wasted potential. I liked the ideas here, but the execution left a lot to be desired. I'd love to see a sequel to this game where these ideas are more expanded upon, but as it stands, Murdered: Soul Suspect is half-baked, and it shows."
,Not Recommended,233290,13092146,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,TwistedBOLT,Only about 10H worth of content. This game makes a great movie don't get me wrong but it's better to watch a walk-trough of it without commentary then to actually buy the game.Story: 9/10Gamleplay: 2/10Estetics: 7/10Final grade 6.
76561198112602592,Recommended,233290,30715910,Posted: 24 March,all,eemie4girls,"This is easily the best game i've ever played! Granted, i am a strickly point and click gamer where there is a distinct beginning and end, and crime stories are definitely my favorite, but with that said, i have never played a game so incredibly clean and well-written. There was only one glitch that i ran into, and it didn't keep me from completing the game. It had to do with a side story, and although i usually like to be thorough in the games i play, i let it go and moved on (i had no choice unless i wanted to start over, which i definitely didn't want to do because i was well into the game). The graphics were amazing, the voiceover fantastic, and the story was intriguing and kept me interested to the very end. And to top it off, the ending surprised me. All in all i couldn't have enjoyed a game more (except for the glitch)"
76561198016870648,Not Recommended,233290,17211630,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Rhalls,"This game is really dissapointing: first of all soon in the beggining you don't play, you just have to sit and watch about 10 cutscenes (you just can't skip most of them). In every person you click there's more cutscenes. Then the boredown takes place: you don't have a key mapping or hint, you just have to click in every single thing in all map to aswer something and you still don't know how."
76561198007258325,Not Recommended,233290,15960818,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,The_Con-Sept,"This review will be in separate parts when ever I want to complain about the game. But every bit of this review is constructive criticism.First three areas explored in:I am already offended by this game for its lack of social construction. This game's dialogue seems to have bits and pieces of an idea together but are poorly sewn together. If you are a private investigator or an FBI profiler you will be saddened by this game. For the dialogue choices seem to route you to the same answer, but are shallow in complete thought. I get the idea behind this game being the main story line but my problem with this game so far is not your maneuverability, or lack of direction. But more or so to the approach this game takes when it comes to solving the cases. It seems like the person who created this plot forgot that detectives constantly talk to themselves while piecing together a story. Though to be fair it says in the text right there what it wants you to do. But it should be stated by the detective to help people figure out what is going on. The text floating around as you try to piece things together will throw you off guard as soon as a change of course happens within the solving of each small puzzle.While trying to figure out one thing it suddenly switches... but our friend the detective doesn't say much and it quickly moves on to the next thing. So you miss what the text changed to, telling you what you are supposed to look for now, at that very split second given moment and you guess wrong. Worst of all is the clunky UI. You mess something up it freezes you... pauses.... backs out.... brings up several different separate tab screens for each object which suddenly takes away the purpose for searching it, (which is why I say again it would help if the detective was constantly talking to himself in thought to keep the main point in focus.) And quite frankly leaves me bewildered at what happens when you ""try again.""Maybe the approach to this method should have used better sorting options.... Throwing things around all the time makes me think this detective never carried around so much as a book. Possibly carried around a recording device seeing how disorderly everything being displayed becomes.Just imagine that every time you came up with the idea behind a string of events you got angered, and suddenly threw up all the information you just looked at in frustration... only to come right back to it, to string everything together again, as all the papers fall to the ground and you have this game. I think the creator... if he is or was a detective... must have had little to no patience himself in each case. Possibly due to extra ordinary means like time or money allotted to his investigations. Maybe a sergeant or person's interest was a timely manner. I am still willing to give this a second try but it is so demanding on your eyes, more or so than your brain, that it causes you to lose concentration quite easily.And the demons? My goodness. Talk about an annoying trap puzzle that springs up like a jack in the box that malfunctions a lot. I get the idea behind exorcising ghosts... but uh.... how does our detective friend just suddenly know how to exorcise a ghost exactly? Was our friend the detective a priest? There is no mention of him being one in his own background... But just barely minutes into the game, you have the ability to exorcise a ghost without having to read any books about it. I think this game would have been a lot more interesting with the setup it seemed to hold. In which I think the Detective originally did not know how to exorcise ghosts until later in the game. But I guess the devs thought it would be too annoying to make players fear them so early. Yet it would have been a lot more fun and made more sense if the ability wasn't there until you figured it out.This game seems to be targeted at kids more or so than adults seeing how there are some ""way too soft"" spots that spring up like a bad smell. You will literally yell at our detective to ""JUST GRAB HER F***ING ARM!"" When it comes to solving one of the cases. I want to slap the detective for being so.... retentively sympathetic, yet wise cracking at certain times.Also the girl? Best idea ever when it comes to surprising your audience when you finally meet her for the first time. But there was one inconsistency that happened at the cemetery... She complained about not being able to see him... even though she was holding a flashlight... Then a few minutes later she has no trouble seeing them. Could have been the lamp post nearby but uh.... She did shine a flashlight on him.Last three bits:Am I ever more disappointed in a game? This game answered that question. Incredibly short game. I am sad. I am so sad after completing this game.The best puzzle is the ending.I think the issue is that the development team behind this had an astonishingly awesome idea.... but I think budget cuts really let this game down. This game had some real potential but it is so short lived. The ending seems to be pasted together. But at least it did create one hell of a mind ♥♥♥♥. It is just too bad the whole time you believe one thing because of your own abilities... and then there is another. What the hell.Too short. Way too short. My final complaint? Some of the ""side missions"" are broken.This game should be twitch viewed only."
,Not Recommended,233290,26327827,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Pier,"The premise is awesome and the game has some great ideas, unfortunately the execution is mediocre resulting in a dismembered and confusing experience.Most of your time is spent watching small cutscenes, and the rest in unpolished and clunky gameplay."
76561198047277707,Not Recommended,233290,18864342,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Jabba the Butt,This game is far too slow-paced and does not reward the player enough to motivate them to keep on playing. The trailer for the game looked great but unfortunately was the best thing about it. Good concept with poor execution.
,Recommended,233290,20899313,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Undead cs.money LOOT.Farm,"Симулятор сигареты.На протяжение всей игры главный герой скурил овер 9999 сигарет :D10 ""Курение убивает"" из 10"
,Recommended,233290,20104975,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,OPskin.Bos$cAt,A really nice game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!100/100
76561197961289954,Not Recommended,233290,23228008,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,SnakeAsh,"This is not a true detective game.I have to say the story and concept were very cool at the begining. But it got old fast  and i beat it in 7 hours.... 50% of the game is finding hidden items. 10%investingating, 10% stealth. and 30% cut scenes.it just wasnt that fun for me."
,Not Recommended,233290,29347417,Posted: 18 January,all,Calamity Jones,"Not a bad game... Thought I feel like this could have been a much superior experience with a little more effort... The core concepts definitely work, and the interaction between a living character and a ghost make for interesting gameplay situations... The game's key failing is in its actual interaction during investigations - you essentially look at things, and click on them, with very occasional sections where you select the most likely explanation of a given situation. This is woefully inadequate for a game that is supposedly about solving the mystery of your own death. I'd confidently state that this is pretty much a zero-difficulty game with no significant challenge except that of avoiding the irritating demons.The game has decent voice acting, yet some pretty ropey cutscenes, interesting ideas and systems, but inadequate use of them, a dreadful cut & paste soundtrack, but reasonable sound design. It could have been better, but that said, this game is still worth your time, so long as you don't buy it full price."
,Not Recommended,233290,31169954,Posted: 15 April,all,Markademus,A horrible console port with game breaking bugs. The part of the game I got to play before encountering a bug that stopped by forward progress was just looking around for things to collect.
,Recommended,233290,10400757,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Tempest_Mist,Yes I would  recommend this game - good story with loads of side quests.  It does have it's problems loading the game is one since it can't find my grapic card I have to load the game from exe. file! Another problem for me is the killing of demons the first prompt sometimes appears but the second rarely does! When I manage to high tail it out of their way I'm fine to continue and enjoy!  I am still playing and enjoying - the voice actors are really good with fun banter between the two main people in the story! It's just different! I would give it 10/10 only for the problems I'm having so 8/10 for now till they fix it for PC players.
,Recommended,233290,20103926,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,RainaMermaid,"I am a casual female gamer, not great with button mashing. I really love rich story lines, rpg styled play, and puzzles! This game included all of that. If you're casual like me, it's a great point and click that isn't boring. Too often I find the point and clicks are slow paced, but this isn't.Most of the game is really innate. You know what your goals are and what you have to do. I rarely needed to look something up, so that's a plus for the casual gamer.The storyline is reallllly cool, the characters, the voice acting, all of it.My only negative is I didn't clue in to just how open the world was. You can explore a lot and do side quests and I missed a lot of them because I was only following the storyline. Newb mistake for sure, so be sure you do all the fun stuff on the side to get all the achievements.Graphics and controls were great."
,Recommended,233290,23474408,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,ThePlebyPleb,Meh. It's alright.
,Recommended,233290,32942962,Posted: 28 June,all,igordonin,"Not a bad story, but controls are kinda cranky. I'd give it an average rating, but since there's no such thing, I guess it fulfills its promises, and so I'll recommend.I should also add that the screenshots are nothing like the in-game atmosphere, so that can be very misleading."
76561198049189026,Not Recommended,233290,24600045,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Solar Plexus,Too easy and no options to get lost. 11 h gameplay and nearly got all what can be collected. Story was ok ish and small horror stories were amusing. Not worth 30€.
,Not Recommended,233290,10398383,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Slaaps,"This is my first review, so I'll try to keep it simple.This game is aggressively mediocre. For a puzzle game, the puzzles are never very engaging, but then again, not a lot of puzzles can be done if the main character can't touch things. Every brain teaser is either 'pick the obvious clue' or 'pick the obvious series of clues'. Sometimes you have to do them in the right order, wow.The combat/stealth is practically non-existant. Occasionally demons will jump out accompanied with the sound a piano might make if it were thrown through a window. It shocked me the first time it happened, then never again. You disable them by running up behind them and doing a simple qte. This is made incredibly easy since they cannot see through walls. You, on the other hand, can both see and walk through walls. Dissapointing.Oh, and the many hiding spots in the overworld kept me constantly wondering if I might get jumped at one point. Never happened. Why even have them there?The story itself is okay, but it suffers from the protagonist having never even heard of withces before, and he's lived all his damn life in Salem, of all places. Sometimes there are no excuses. And the ending, oh god, the ending was a major dissapointment. It lasted all of 5 minutes and most of that was cutscenes.That said, I really enjoyed all the interactions between characters. All the ghosts are kind of one note characters, but the humans were kind of special to me. The way they reacted to your death and subsecuent actions made them seem more real and alive then most other characters I can recall offhand. They all mourn and act in their own way and even though this is not a big game, I can't say that there are any living characters that I disliked.Ending... uh. Rent it, I guess? At least wait untill it goes down in price. A 10 hour game does not deserve a 40$ price tag. Definitely get it if you really, really like collecting stuff."
76561197994665251,Not Recommended,233290,14492682,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Milgrove,"To be honest, I picked up this game during one of its deep sales, and still wasn't sure what to expect. Though after seeing ""Square-Enix"", I had some clue. (Those guys are the kings of cutscenes, after all.)That aside, it's hard to classify this game as much of an action game. It's defeinitely more of a casual one than anything else, and not that long of a game, either. I guess one could also think of it as a kind of roaming adventure game with a few side missions, plenty of collectibles, and plenty of 'Press X to Not Die' moments.The investigations in the game involve searching for clues, some of them obtained from thinking a little bit out of the box. Though personally, I'm surprised that weren't any 'match-3' or 'hidden object' puzzles in here. Maybe I'm a bit jaded in that respect. Really not all that hard to deal with.As far as action scenes, there aren't that many, and they're generally limited to Quick Time Events with maybe a little bit of strategy involved. Outside of that, there really isn't much that can kill you. Again.All in all, it was worth the discount price, though. Square-Enix can weave a decent tale, and the storytelling here was pretty decent, and not quite that predictable. Biggest faults, though, were that the game was too short, and the action rather limited in scope."
76561198083038357,Not Recommended,233290,21665217,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,chris.johnson1,"I'm sure it's a fantasic game and was looking forward to playing it, but I am unable to do so as there is no way to change the default keybinds> For me as a disabled user, or for anyone that does not use a QWERTY keyboard, is totally unacceptable in modern PC game."
,Recommended,233290,13250507,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Lycairin,"If you're into unraveling the mysteries of ghosts' regrets, sins, and history when you should probably focused on capturing the killer than hunting collectibles, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,233290,10418232,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Geffenleffen,"A gem of a game, not what I expected at all. It has innovative gameplay, an original storyline, and damn detailed side quest gameplay (also if you have a decent rig to play this on...well the graphics and effects are top shelf). In the end if you like crime solving games with a splash of supernatural... this game is well worth it. I highly recomend it indeed.-Side Note (metascore);-For the first time I really question the metascore, critics reviewing this baffle me... the users reviews are a bit more on par and fairer in their assessment... I guess in the end just watch some let's plays and see what your close friends think of it and thats that."
76561198004066778,Recommended,233290,13605839,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Blade,interesting anouth story charecters are a bit shallow game mechanics are poor and controlls feel clanky and all your doing is walking around so this is preatty bad but atleast its interesting grab it on sale dont pay full price more of a interactive story then a game
76561198142003189,Recommended,233290,33493794,Posted: 12 July,all,Literal God,Got Murdered...Solved my own murder.10/10 would be a badass ghost cop again
76561198031108103,Not Recommended,233290,20594671,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,susi.lehtola,"The graphics are beautiful, and the story seems interesting. Too bad the game has clearly been developed for a console, and so the game play is severely limited: you can't save the game freely, there's no map, and it's very easy to crap out side quests, because due to inadvertent advancements in the main plot you're incapable of getting back to the earlier game zone. This is really annoying, because due to the save/load limitation you can't go back.Another thing is the demons and traps in the game. Again, this seems to me more like an action console game, not a mystery adventure detective game.. Which might be OK with you, if you're into that sort of thing."
76561198002555011,Recommended,233290,13823188,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,MattyVanHalen,"Murdered: Soul Suspect is a game where you play as a detective named Ronan, who dies during a chase for the Bell Killer, who has been killing young women of Salem, Massachusetts.  Ronan is your typical cliche chain-smoking detective, wearing the fedora and vest, and talking with a low, raspy voice.In M:SS, you have constant flashbacks of how you died, and you need to figure out why, because you find out you are stuck in a limbo spirit world, and will be stuck there forever until you find out what you need to find out.  As you solve these cases of the Bell Killer killings to ""release your soul"", you travel through Salem as a ghost, able to walk through many walls and obstacles, viewing the real world as it progresses (without you) and spirits trapped as you are, along with ghostly residue of things that have happened in the past.As a ghost detective, you will solve cases and ask questions of other ghosts and spirits, find clues at crime scenes and put cases together, and use an abundance of ghost abilities, such as possession, transportation, and reading minds, to name a few.M:SS is a very unique game of the supernatural, and pretty interesting, but it has many flaws that ruin the flow of the game.  While playing detective can be very fun to a lot of crime solvers, the method in which you solve these crimes is a bit silly.  You simply inspect all the clues in the surrounding area, then ""solve"" the portion of the case by piecing it together with the clues you found.  The problem is, it's like putting together a puzzle where all the pieces are numbered and fool-proof...so it doesn't feel like you are solving much of anything.The worst and most obnoxious part of the game, however, is the combat system.  Yes--the combat system--as a ghost.  Occaisonally, you will come across demons, and you must use stealth to take them out with a clunky, button-sequenced execution mechanic.  If you fail, you have to retreat and hide in ""ghost residue"" until they leave.  The combat could have been completely been left out and it would have made the game better.However, even with the terrible combat system, and the goofy crime scene mechanics, the story is interesting and the collectibles you find are fun to read.  I recommend this game, but not very high, and only for about $15-20 or less.  All in all, I rate the game a 7.0 out of 10."
76561198048943495,Not Recommended,233290,14055318,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Punished Goose,"This game is mediocre. It's open world, but you are limited to certain areas because they need certain abilities that you unlock as you progress through the main story. The combat and enemy AI is generic, the story is cliche, and it seems like the developers just decided to put tons of collectibles in the game just for the hell of it. There's not much that can be said about this game."
76561198052554580,Not Recommended,233290,31145073,Posted: 14 April,all,daschus,"I can't really recommend this one, as its a cutscene point and click adventure that isn't point and click with ""action"" that isn't action (sneak up behind something and press R).  The main plot is okay, but it would be much more enjoyable if you didn't have to stop and pick up the collectionables along the way.  Some places you can't re-enter, so waiting until the end (pre-finale) won't work.  There is also the not-too-hot save system, which is autosave after picking up a collectable or at a checkpoint in the main plot - side quests don't create an autosave.  There also isn't an exit save.  I'd give this a 5/10, if bought cheap."
,Recommended,233290,20066077,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Evil Dave,"I'm really happy that i bought the game so cheap. Price / qualityI love the game so far: story, exploring the city, many clues and much moreThe bad? sometimes the game goes to 60 fps to 30 (locked fps) in some cutscenes (in game & video) But is playable. So nothing to worry about :)Recommended to people which like thriller / dark story gamesMy score: 8 / 10"
76561198115071221,Recommended,233290,10386651,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,wjm654,amazing
76561198060732923,Recommended,233290,10398291,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,darkestfate74,"Loving the game so far, taking up most of my spare time the past few days so thats always a good sign!There's a lot to discover when you include the side quests and hidden clues.... not sure whether that's quite so good as my OCD kicks in and makes me want to explore everywhere.The ability to walk through walls etc can be a little disorientating, to me at least.... I naturally was looking for doorways or openings which I didn't actually need! It can make you lose track of where you are on the map, if you aren't careful.This isn't a shooter, most of the time you are tracking down clues or witnesses to help solve the case(s) but, to me at least, that makes a change as I've often stuck to the ""shoot your way outta here"" type games.I have an old system but this still runs smoothly and not had any dropout or issues.... not even any noticable loadtime issues during play."
76561198121387031,Recommended,233290,10399179,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,add2103,This game keeps crashing when I enter the first house after the initial crime scene. Ive tried restarting my comp and checked the specs all is fine but it still crashes.
,Recommended,233290,10400622,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,SE Tonx,Great if you like adventure games with an intriguing story-driven experience.
,Recommended,233290,10403614,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Augurianius,"Metascore 60... well F*** metascore =)All the time I've spent on the game, was done discovering Salem's stories and Ronans own story as well, this game is amazing, from some scenes, by looking at them with attention I've even felt sort of sick to my stomach (or it could've been that burrito and cookies I ate too, but I'd say it was the game)L.A Noir should've had something like a ghost wandering a city discovering it's dirty secrets and it's hidden past, GOTY for all years.The detective take to the game is great and well done, also Ronan himself is pretty well done as a character from the ground up, all in all this game really draws you in.The best is that it can be a short game (if you just follow the story itself) or a long game (if you decide to uncover every little thing)Enjoy it!"
76561198051960266,Recommended,233290,10404459,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,weyrauch,"MSS is a very entertaining detective story, but very very short (4 to 8 hours). So you should buy it if the price is falling to 19,99 $. The concept of possessing people, eavesdrop their conversation and their thoughts is well made. It is more or less railroading, but you can walk freely through Salem, solve sidequests and find collectibles. There are many little ideas like possessing cats to avoid demons and find hard to get collectibles or teleport Dishonored-style.The demons are very annoying, but easy to defeat or to avoid. No variety, no intelligent. wandering from point a to point b.If you want an entertaining short detective b-movie you should play it."
,Recommended,233290,10407038,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,KFriis,"A very well made mystery game. Incredibly fun and unfamiliar to solve your own murder. You feel like it's you who are finding the clues and piecing them together. And on top of that is a very well written story, that drives you forward."
76561198093149769,Recommended,233290,10408550,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Zenathrael,"Just finished the game. Over all, it was pretty neat. The graphics were nice and the story was pretty interesting. While I thought the dialogue might be a little cheesy, it was bearable and I have no real complaints about it. I enjoyed playing a ghost detective and getting to posess and influence people to get what I needed. Also, the demons you come across in this game are pretty terrifying. It seemed like the more you crossed paths with them the more they recognized you and then became harder to take out. It was a nice challenge to a game that doesn't really have many  hard obstacles apart from the demons.There are just a couple cons about the game:1. No map. While you can play and beat the game no problem without a map, it was still annoying at times trying to navigate without it. Since the game took place at night and a lot of the buildings look similar, I found myself lost a lot and running around in circles. The game DID come with a code for an interactive map, but I could never get that to load for me and thus never used it.2. Retracing your steps. Partly due to the lack of a good map, you also have to retrace your steps a lot in this game. That can get tiring. You can also get a bit dizzy from walking/running through walls etc. while retracing said steps.So yeah. The game was pretty awesome and worth the money. I give it a 8/10."
76561198025568200,Recommended,233290,10432237,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Apocalyps,"This game is very unique and quite good.If you like some adventure mixed with puzzles and some action then this game might be something for you.Even though i do recommend this game, I sadly do not think it is worth the price.I've played through it in about 6 hours, wich is quite short in my opinion."
76561198046679819,Recommended,233290,10432702,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,BOOTYBLASTER,"Great game, it has its moments where it can get hard especialy if you suck at guessing the right clues but overall great game wish you could keep playing after you beat it to finish collecting all the collectibles."
76561198024977560,Not Recommended,233290,14426132,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,The Flyest Nihilist,"Very buggy, controls all seem to be like a console port.  Shadows and lighting effects constantly bugging out, green textures and sporatic audio."
76561198063205267,Not Recommended,233290,16459253,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,zyc0d,"Bugs Bugs Bugs. I guess this game was not designed for pc, therefore when you try to check the clues for exable it stucks and you have to alt+ctrl+del to close the game. Sensitivity is also an issue and you can't do much if you have a mouse where you can change dpi."
,Not Recommended,233290,14551400,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Roanoak,"I wish I could say I enjoyed this game.  The story is rich, but that is where it ends.  It has too many porting issues that glitch the game, causing you to restart the game and most likely losing the last hour of gameplay you had.  Because there is no independent save mechanism.  There is only auto saving at certain points in the main story.  I played for an hour exploring the street and solving a larger side story, and then got stuck in the clues menu and lost everything.  Poorly executed game.  I cant even finish it because it's so poorly executed."
76561197970582135,Not Recommended,233290,13837246,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,fallenguru,"The PC keyboard layout is unusable and non-configurable. I gave up after half an hour. As it stands, this is unplayable without a controller, which is a pity because it looked promising otherwise.Update:Ordered a Logitech F710 and tried again ... and the controls are even more confusing, convoluted and finicky than when using a keyboard. The pure adventure part is fine (with both input methods) but between the two of us we couldn't manage a single ""action sequence"" (read: QTE). Might be that the game is completeable without them, but large parts (sidequests) are blocked off from the beginning, killing the athmosphere."
76561197968260922,Not Recommended,233290,13874064,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Jahed,A mi me decepcionó no era para nada el juego que espraba ver ni jugar. Muy mediocre
,Not Recommended,233290,16574516,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ArdKing,"the game story fit perfect for movie, not for game. Not worth your money"
76561197975551289,Recommended,233290,14486429,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,TuRoK 2....,I loved this game!!! I can only agree with the positive comments on here.
76561197963879944,Recommended,233290,11866640,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Balderick1974,"Damn Good Game.  I am enjoying the Stroy - The first 10 mins was wierd, then I got used to the interface and what fun 11 hours have flown by.  Hopefully I can complete it tomorrow night and finish of the storey :-).  Ignore the negative reviews."
,Not Recommended,233290,23505848,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,sonderkraftfahrzeug,"This is a game where you control a ghost trying to solve its own death. Mostly you just walk around the perpetual night in Salem massachusets and try to solve crime scenes. But unlike LA Noire crime scenes it is basically clicking on highlighted clues and then guessing the right combination of clues to solve a crime scene. The gameplay is absolutely awful in this regard, the puzzles are nearly non existent and are incredibly dull. I would strongly recommend just watching the cutscenes on youtube. It's a shame the designers made terrible gameplay decisions for a really cool concept. 5/10"
,Recommended,233290,11606755,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,The_Hairless_Ginger,"firstly i want to highlight that this game has some truly great writting. i mean bioware levels of good writting. the core story of this game is that you play detective Ronan O'Connor who is murdered investigating a serial killler in the twon of Salem. the story follows the detectives journey to discovere the identity and reason for his murder assissting others along the way .first thing i want to say is that this game has a very heavy L.A Noire feel. if you didnt like L.A noire then you wont like this and vice versa if you like it then Murdered: Soul Suspect is the game for you. the core factors of this game are the story and the investigations. being a police officer the investigation skills were always going to play a big part in this game. the first investigation is very basic as to act as a tutorial to the player. the investigations are the primary form of gameplay with the player having to use their initiative to search the scene for clues and piece togethor what has happened. finding the clues themselves is not as simple as you'd think either with some of the investigations requiring a thourough search to find all the pieces of the pouzzle. for example in an investigation in the towns museum i found most of the clues fairly easily but the last clue proved to be a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥. a painting hidden deep behind a shelf covered with boxes to obscure it, even worse the room was dark and the painting is black. i only managed to find the clue after about 30 minutes of searching and a lot of cursing haha. but even though the game can be a difficult at points it has a great sense of rewarding when you finish an investigation and unlock another piece of the puzzle.another asoect that is important in this game is the mechanics, admittadly in a game where that focus's more on makingthe player think than the character being pushed to the limit the mechanics are as expected very solid, basics are obviously solid, running, looking, and interacting with objects are the core of the game but there is a few other core mechanics that are done quite well. as a ghost detective O'Connor has the abillity to interact with otherworldly objects in the town of Salem such as floors, walls, doors, staircases and ramps. this can be a diffficult mechanic to get right as the character is basically adding in game enviroment (i've developed a few games and tried to do this myself its not as easy as it sounds aha) but Square Enix have gotten it right here with a seamless addittion to the enviroment at the instruction of the player opening up new parts of the town. the other mechanic done well is the teleportation mechanic (not a spoiler as you see other ghosts doing this straight off the bat) the teleporting is only short range to avoid you jumping all the way over town in one go. it takes a few seconds to charge up but it comes in handy at points when looking for clues. the only mechanics i take issue with are the possession mechanics. now these work pretty well but its not as well rounded as the other mechanics, it can be a bit difficult to focus on the person you are trying to possess sometimes which made me slightly irritated to be honest.the story writting for this game is as i said though VERY well done. what this game is, is essentially an interactive  detective thriller novel. the story plays out just as you'd expect but with some very well placed twists. i guarantee if you play this game you will guess wrong about the identity of the killer. the various games twists are very well placed but none more than the end .. no spoilers .. but it is very well placed and just about the last thing i expected playing this game.finaly i shall examine the look of this game. the graphics for this game are very pretty but not overwhelmingly stunning. for the pc it isnt the best i quality i was expecting. it has a more console feel in terms of graphics which isnt really a bad thing. it doesn't do anything to damage the feel of the game as it still looks very good, the cinematics are nicely done keeping a similair graphical level to the game itself which i think works better for the way the game transitions from cut scene to actual gameplay. i would love to see this game with a more beautiful asthetic look to enhance aspects such as the moving through wiast high objects or to make Detective O'Connor himself maybe a bit easier on the eye.in short i very much reccomend this game if you are looking for a good story and to make yourself think a bit more than the usual game. the story will engross you while the investigations and the twists will keep you guessing until the game is ready to reward you with answers. there is also a hint of sarcy dry humour that i liked from Ronan which i think makes him more likeable but you can make your own mind up about that. i reccomend this game as a solid 8/10 .. its very good but not flawless and i doubt you will regret giving it a play"
,Not Recommended,233290,14489971,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,AndyTheSilverFox,"Just completed this game, you can't really fail, it doesn't really have enough gameplay to justify calling it a game. The investigation mechanic isn't detailed at all, if you guess the clues wrong you can immediately retry with no consequence, it just becomes tedious. The game looks good at least, but its not really a game, just playing a story."
,Not Recommended,233290,14491906,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Troubled,"I actually disliked the game.While the story was indeed a great story with a horrific plot twist at the end, the game mechanics were absolutely atrocious. Everything had to be crosshaired perfectly, or you would fail to trigger an execution of a demon...or have a hard time finding things in the world. Mind you I played with a controller, which is what was used in the original platform.I rate this game lowly, and would honestly not recommend it to any of my friends, unless they want to waste money on a frustrating to play through story."
76561198021746414,Not Recommended,233290,14494333,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,That Guy,5-hour game
76561198053364440,Recommended,233290,26262561,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,HangryHufflepuff,"Really good game. Excellent story. The demons are intense but not too scary for those who don't like horror. The detective quality of the game is really good, the atmosphere of the game is perfect with the story and the main characters are very likable."
76561198279791560,Recommended,233290,32697870,Posted: 23 June,all,HRM_Ob3lix,Excellent Game.
,Recommended,233290,31513890,Posted: 2 May,all,gg,Just an awesome game with a good storyline and a badass head charecter. Sadly the game lasts only for like 5-6 hours.
76561198153099416,Recommended,233290,31520240,Posted: 3 May,all,wolf king mw,"good story, not too long . fun , ending good ."
76561198193948637,Recommended,233290,31528338,Posted: 3 May,all,MrChief,ITS OK 6/10
,Recommended,233290,33258745,Posted: 4 July,all,KILLER MEMESTAR,I loved this game and especially the ending it comes out of no where and i really didnt expect it the only annoying part was the demon fights but at the same time it did take a bit of brain power to kill them but other time it just sucked also its a very short game i finished the game just in 2 sittings it could have taken longer because i did miss a few collectables i had about 90% so it could have been longer but not by much but beside those 2 problems the game is a lot of fun and a definite buy
76561198056106029,Not Recommended,233290,11061760,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,tsunami0ne,I got hit with a game-breaking bug in the middle of the game so I could never progress. ALso the game is boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197970552244,Recommended,233290,11690497,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Tim97NSX,"The game opens with your death and you become a ghost. Being a ""former"" detective, you need find out who your killer was before you can move on. This was a great adventure game, where you collect evidence and piece it together. Though the gameplay was simple, I really enjoyed the story and the characters. There were some cool gameplay mechanics, all of which took advantage of being a ghost. Possesing people and cats, walking through walls, etc.  It was well worth the time invested playing and I hope the developer makes more games like this."
,Recommended,233290,11619959,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Vapour,"I completed this game, and I really enjoyed it! I got it on the 50% discount and it was worth every single penny. This game was like an interactive movie in a lot of ways, it's programming is really solid, it has a lot of potential for bugs but I did not see one, so hats off to the coders. Excellent voice acting and modelling as well, this is a solid game and worth buying. I had a few people say to me ""I heard it's not good"", but I cannot see what is not good about this game. It's highly decent."
,Not Recommended,233290,27435261,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,a helpless tramp,"Unskippable introUnskippable dialogue (even if it's as inane as whistling) which locks all of your actions, making it difficult to explore the space.Crappy intro sequence. No point to force player to move the character in that way for a cinematic, with one-use unintuitive controls.Other than that, not a terrible game.Mostly have to give it a negative rating mainly for that first point, because I really hate it, and publishers need to start getting their♥♥♥♥♥♥together.If you liked Fahrenheit (yes, I know, dubious) / Heavy Rain, you'll probably like this game too."
,Recommended,233290,20328601,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Принцесса бьякугана,"Геймплей слабоват,а вот сюжетная линия 10/10"
76561198082274706,Not Recommended,233290,16302838,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Olrim,"Great plot, but gameplay is boring. More action needed."
,Recommended,233290,16509803,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Rock Dodo,"Long story short, Interesting somewhat short story with a twist in the end, where you can get to possess a cat.Other than that, for a person whom loved L.A. Noire, it still left me very unsatified.The biggest enemy is the demons whom seem to love floating like they're struting their stuff in a fashion show. Truth be told, they're mostly an annoying factor of the game than a challenging one.If it's on sale, and you enjoy the meowing and crime thrillers, it is worth spending a rainy day on.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=464076762"
,Recommended,233290,14639946,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Vicious,I suggest buying it on sale.
76561198006276140,Recommended,233290,10520232,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,[killjoy],"In Murdered: Soul Suspect you play the role of a deceased cop whose spirit is trapped in our world and unable to pass on tot he afterlife due to the mysterious circumstances surrounding his brutal murder. It combines crime scene investigations with ghostly manipulation, set tpo the backdrop of a modern day Salem.First and foremost, Ronan (the main character) has easily become one of my favorite protagonists in recent history; here you have a kid raised by the streets who knew nothing but a life of crime until one day he grows up and is offered the chance to turn it all around and make something of himself - thus he ends up joining the force and becoming a detective, though his past still haunts him and his newfound reputation. He's got a tattoo from every major event in his life - the good and the bad - and he totes a massive glock both gifted by and named after his mother. What's not to like?The story is pretty straightforward - get killed by bad guy, hunt down and stop bad guy, pass on - but it's all brought together quite nicely. A strong voice cast and shiny graphics go a long way, too; Salem is looking just awesome!Gameplay, as stated earlier, combines crime scene investigations with ghostly manipulation. That last bit probably needs some elaboration though. Basically, you're a ghost. Most buildings will be off limits, though they tie this into the story - being you're in Salem (home to ancient witch hunts), many of the houses have been consecrated long ago. However, open doors or windows are free game. You can also pass through interior walls and doors (so long as they don't lead to the outside world) and a variety of other solid objects. You can also possess people to read their minds or even influence them in certain ways, or manipulate certain objects to attract attention (TVs, radios, even vaccuum cleaners).All in all, this title is living up to just about ervery expectation I had for it and then some."
76561198042132122,Recommended,233290,13548442,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Asbo_Flemzo,"Im truley clueless at the meta score. Its a very good detective gameYeh the ai demons are totally annoying, combat is pathetic, but this isnt a action/fighter. Its a story driven puzzle game.Yeh the puzzles are basic and unchallenging.Frame rate drops are very constant, and my fps is high so its basically a dev failing to optimize. But its at least 7.5Its a good game nothing groundbraking but definetly not poor."
76561197975895891,Recommended,233290,12940789,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,-[c-unit]- dark-crow,It was fun =)
76561198064300633,Recommended,233290,10503276,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,gaming malarkey,you can control a cat 10/10
76561198062282171,Recommended,233290,10499163,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Evisana,I really enjoyed this game. It is fairly short. I think it only took me about 5ish hours to finish it. There are alot of side missions to complete. It seems though that you can't go back to finish them after your all done. Be fore you leave each mission you should try to make sure you've found all the hidden objects. I might be wrong though. I'm hoping for some DLC. They left it like there could be.
76561198006262436,Not Recommended,233290,17102570,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Drachenfrau,"Another glitchy xbox port. From what i understand, this was Square's attempt to appeal to a western audience. The plot is that you are a detective who must solve his own murder, which, as a game, had so much promise... but the coding was top heavy. My system struggled to run it even in safe mode, the story was surprisingly predictable, and the controls were unruly to say the least. I would have been more into it maybe if fighting demons weren't WAY harder to combat than they initially let on earlier in the game. The demons can ♥♥♥♥ right off. The investigations don't really involve any real problem solving on your part: just treat it like a 6 hour movie. :/Save yourself the trouble and watch an LP. You might miss the side missions (of which there are a gazillion of them), but it's really not worth the trouble of playing it yourself. It was such a good idea that fell flat on its face."
,Recommended,233290,23845111,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","-If you really like crime and ghosts get it on a sale-Best feature up front: you can control cats. With that out of the way: this is a detective adventure where you play as a ghost, nothing as fleshed out as Gabriel Knight, think Fahrenheit meets CSI, simplified.Graphics are not that much to look at, music the same. Voice acting and characters are good.I'm half-in so there might still be a nice surprise story-wise but it is: get clues to next location, go there, repeat.There are several logical flaws like every log shelter counting as a consecrated building you can't pass but I tolerate that.Worse are the useless collectable item hunts to add artificial length and distract from the story where you should hunt a terrible serial killer.Strange design choices like the game world's small hub being filled with collectibles every metre and questing ghosts. They'd better made several small locations accesible by quick travel like most adventures handle it.Game features no real jump scares and only moderate horror. Has quick-time-events for ""fighting"".The detective part of the game isn't actually that much brainy also and involves some guessing.Only get this if you like crime and ghost adventures very much and it's on sale. The simple clue clicking and the drive to find out about the killer sees you through.Barely recommended.Edit: finished, ending was ok, some entertainment but can be skipped with nothing missed."
,Recommended,233290,31531161,Posted: 3 May,all,SpaZzelicious ©,Really liked this game but buy it when on sale.Really hate the demons but where ok to kill if you see the paterns. Loved the twisted endingWhat I don't like is if you go finish the game you can't go for a 100% run you keep starting at the end and can't get out of the building.But overall cool concept No shooting just collecting evidence.
,Recommended,233290,20203169,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,✪ Selkirk Letr Marr,"Got Spooked like never in my life, i dont think im gonna finish the game, It was lit fam *oversued emoji*"
,Recommended,233290,15008903,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Zhs2,Ghost Trick: Phantom Detective did it first. And better. Still fun though.
,Recommended,233290,11341088,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,[GWFs] GreatNose,"A fun mystery, noire-esque adventure game. While it can be easy at times, the story is engaging, the setting is new and fresh and the mystery itself kept me guessing till the end."
,Recommended,233290,33221101,Posted: 4 July,all,kgptzac,"Murdered: Soul Suspect, at its core, is a narrative investigation/detective game.  The twist is that the protagonist—the detective—is dead, and tries to solve his own murder, among others, as a ghost.  The story sets place in modern day Salem, Massachusetts, mixed with local mythology dating back to colonial American times… yep, the witches.Overall, the story and plot are good for a game that can easily pick up sub $10.  The QTE component of the gameplay can get annoying, especially at the finale, though.  Being a console port of 2014, this game looks very nice as of today, albeit a bit of tweaking in NVidia settings are needed.  But compare to other console ports, this one is doing more than OK, and that’s coming from me, being allergic to bad console ports.It spent me 8 hours to complete the game.  One probably can squeeze the play time under 6 hours if ignoring collectible, due to the reward is basically a little side story easily looked up on YouTube.  Side investigations are good though; not recommending to skip those.  I think Murdered: Soul Suspect should appeal to all detective game fans."
76561198019193223,Recommended,233290,12736222,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Galadhatan,"Good game, very good story. It did as most mysteries should and kept making you believe you knew the killer when you didn't. Good ending, good atmosphere. For whatever reason it took me forever to get used to seeing the prompting question when you had to select clues. Also the extra tasks of collecting stage-specific items, by the end, I could, despite my best efforts, only find all but one. They apparently found really, really good hiding places. Same with clues. All but one.  Two problems: the mouse rate is way down when selecting clues on the screen. And there's no way to scroll faster or bypass the credits at the end, which are currently running while minimized at the bottom of my screen.8/10."
76561198039804670,Recommended,233290,29411200,Posted: 21 January,all,QueenOfDeathAus,"My girlfriend decided to give this game another go since we both tried it out on PS4 when it first came out in 2014, we were unimpressed and returned for a full refund here at EB Games.Roll forward to Dec 2015, it was on a 90% discount from Steam so I picked it up here for $2.99 USD.Roll forward another year to January 2017, and she decided to play this. The gameplay and story was good in her eyes, although she did complain alot about the Demons mainly because as she says, ""they were scary"".She said that the ending was rather ""underwhelming"" - the last mission was way too easy compared to the rest of the game and she expected a final challenge.All in all the game was very easy for her. She has nunchuck skills.She gives this a 7/10. She also says wait for a sale on this game to pick it up and you will enjoy it.Thank you much love."
,Recommended,233290,30444762,Posted: 11 March,all,Lil Torel,this game is preatty nice i liked it a lot but it was short
,Recommended,233290,14376084,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Fitroni,"Title: Murdered: Soul SuspectGenre: Action, Adventure, RPGDeveloper: Airtight GamesPublisher: SQUARE ENIX, Eidos InteractiveRelease Date: 3 Jun, 2014and now  80% discountbuy it now"
76561198152287124,Recommended,233290,14427279,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,All Intensive Porpoises,"This game is pretty short, but it's fun if you have a day to spare. I got it on sale for about 4$. It's definately not worth the 30$ it's selling for, but for $4, it's probably worth a playthrough. So if you can get it on sale for fairly cheap, I recommend it."
,Recommended,233290,17023066,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Tidreit,"The game is brilliant in it's own way of solving crime and putting the pieces together, I personally love cime solving type games and i must say, I recommend this."
76561198014129751,Recommended,233290,15486223,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Frankie,"If you are interested in adventure games focused on the story, it is a decent game. The investigation bits aren't developed compared to other games like sherlock holmes, it simply adds to the story. It is not a very long game, even if you are into collecting all the pieces to unlock other non-playable short stories, which is kinda boring IMHO.My biggest problem with this title is the unnecessary addition of quicktime events during gameplay. Quicktime is alright if they are few and far between, but in this game it is added in several mechanics, from fighting demons to escaping from demon pits. They should've done away with all of that if they didn't bother adding a different mechanism of fighting and evading danger.The graphics are alright and the dialogue is okay - if your graphics card isn't at least a medium-end one I'd say skip it mostly because you might run into a few issues with fps, which will probably take away from the game as you have to walk all around places and kill demons to get to the objectives.I can recommend this game only if you enjoy story focused games and even in this case, if its on a sale. I wouldn't recommend people paying over $15 on this one."
,Not Recommended,233290,10419700,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Zogg,"You can't rebind the keyboard controls. So, if you are left-handed or if you're on playing on anything other than a QWERTY keyboard, this game is unplayable for you."
76561198170616579,Recommended,233290,34167256,Posted: 11 August,all,★ Emenike ★ hellcase.com,This is a very nice game with an exciting story!I recommand this game for all of you even if we are in 2017.
,Recommended,233290,23534925,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,arthurstaal,Pretty much LA noire with ghosts and strange names.8.5\10
76561198092969540,Recommended,233290,33056482,Posted: 30 June,all,Diavolo_Dante,"idk man this game has some awful issues, i admit it...but come on, the story is absolutely covering up and saving the game..!it has such an epic story..!"
,Recommended,233290,17160078,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,FroyKO,The best cat simulator ever.10/10
76561198025198203,Recommended,233290,20961502,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Charlemagne,Good game
76561198007747398,Recommended,233290,31602102,Posted: 7 May,all,𝒮ℴ𝓅𝒽𝒾𝒶.ℐ.𝒥,"A decent little game, with unchallenging puzzles, simple story and tons of collectibles. Good for killing time and giving your brain a rest. the perspective and idea of the game is refreashing though. it's like an interactive ghost game with detective elements in it. who doesnt love walking through walls , teleport and possess ppl ? if SE worked on it a little longer this might have made it to hot.Sadly im a chicken i get spooked by ghosts even when i AM a ghost.get it on discount, its pretty ok. 6.5/10"
76561198083289730,Recommended,233290,14594010,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,lex,"Nice puzzler, nice plot! Graphics are excelent and the atmosphere is rather good. I played this game from beginning to end with a lot of pleasure, loved how the plot was un raffeling and they fact that it made you wanted to see more and more..."
76561198066675411,Recommended,233290,30272867,Posted: 1 March,all,RocketSkates,"Solid story for sure. Reminds me a lot of Heavy Rain, so if you're into that kind of stuff, I'd definitely say check it out. Fair warning though, mechanics are a bit dodgey and it can seem repetitive. Lots of collectables, I got a few hours of gameplay out of this one. Would wait for it to go on sale."
76561198220056516,Recommended,233290,30286490,Posted: 2 March,all,Finn,WHAT IF I'M THE BELL KILLER??
76561198045954955,Recommended,233290,30180629,Posted: 25 February,all,Wanderer,"I had a lot of fun with Murdered: Soul Suspect. The story is really engaging; the ghostly and other supernatural powers (walking through walls, reconstructing crime scenes through ghostly shards left behind, getting visions of the past from touching people's hands, etc) are really thrilling, and I especially liked all of the crime/mystery sequences.The game is criminally short unfortunately, and slow paced - it's more about storytelling than it is about actual gameplay,  although there is a light stealth mechanic, and there's what felt like a somewhat rushed ending, so if that isn't your thing, this may be a game to avoid. But the atmosphere is incredible and the storytelling is engaging, and I'm really glad I took a chance on this in a sale."
,Recommended,233290,20568446,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Johnny Knoxville,Ronans butt is fine af
76561198162415372,Recommended,233290,20879415,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,kaypontbee,"I was afraid it would be a bad idea to play this but it turned out to be quite OK. The gameplay is a bit like as if someone took a point and click adventure and turned it into a TPS without the weapons - or the shooting for that matter and realized  afterwards that there must be a degree of difficulty too so they added these dementors to the game. These demons are the biggest letdowns in this game BTW...Anyway, graphics are OK, characters (the inhabitants of Salem) are repetitive, the story is OK (excpet that I don't get it: why on earth do you need to collect objects completely out of scope and proportion to be awarded with something? eg. boiler or whatever), side ""missions"" are so-so (I am being positive here), controls OK (except for the demon ""fight"" and usual camera mayhem) - and the game is way way short (7 hours or so on normal difficulty). Of course since it is ""open world""-ish you can wander about for long but I do not see the point in doing so.I would recommend it more than not but be warned: this game will not appeal to all."
,Recommended,233290,20565294,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,max,its pretty good tbh
76561198042907467,Recommended,233290,11543888,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Such Talented,very good game and story but not long enough even with all achivement done
76561198021093114,Recommended,233290,21384460,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Alucard,"Good story, characters, liked it."
,Recommended,233290,14152527,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Kunstbanause,meh...
76561198126241921,Not Recommended,233290,31143034,Posted: 14 April,all,Darijosanatus,"I will write in english although my language is spanish.Murdered: Soul Suspect is a game with a interesting concept. You are a ghost that have numerous skills, for example to cross walls between others, and you have that find to your killer. You live in Salem, Massachussets, in allusion to Lovecraftian's books, and you are a deliquent that joined you in the police how detective.The fault is in the poor and boring plot that can be very dense sometimes. Besides, the gameplay seems innovator at first moments but after this return something tricky. As well the linear plot, little freedom of movements even if you can cross things...Its not horrible but neither is very good... Reccomendable only for genre fans.Regards :)"
76561198063841672,Recommended,233290,20077376,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Buccomatic,+EPIC and VERY immersive story and environment+excellent characters+innovative gameplay+good plot twists-too much scrounging for clues-80% of the time the game is dark and disturbing while 20% of the time it was cheesy and corny (odd)the games environment/atmosphere reminded me of a ps1 game called nightmare creatures - it was very good!8.5/10
76561198086882869,Not Recommended,233290,11904051,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Stanley,Just not fun :(
,Not Recommended,233290,35346047,Posted: 30 September,all,iSWITCHOFF,"A one word review for this game? Pointless.The weak story, combined with shallow gameplay, will bore the hell out of you.*a ghost whispering* Staaay awaaaaay..."
,Not Recommended,233290,14546613,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Herr_von_Azanaxis,"DONT EVEN BOTHER. I paid 30 euros to get this game and I started playing the tutorial, When I was ready to make my first demon execution and a key combination was supposed to appear on my screen in order to finish him nothing happens...  RESULT: I CANNOT CONTINUE PLAYING.. No solution in Forum and I saw that I am not the only one encountering this problem. Lots of people have major technical issues with the game, Glitches are more than common. I just feel I wasted 30 euros,0/10"
76561197974191072,Recommended,233290,28319286,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Dozzer,"I liked this game although it a little short, the  story line in interesting it reminded me of the movie the Frighteners. Interesting being a ghost detective and the side quests are cool to, Just a good game. Not a game you go back to to many times but at the right price worth a look 8/10 about 13 hours play  unless you replay to get the achievements ."
,Recommended,233290,12793515,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Magic Jetski,You can posess cats.10/10 Game of the year.
,Not Recommended,233290,12516294,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,W_,Story not interesting enough to keep playing through the poor gameplay.
76561198046265419,Not Recommended,233290,14376033,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Necrophobia,"Murdered.exe has stopped workingCan't even open the bloody thing without it crashing. My computer isn't even a year old, but this game just refuses to open it. Do not buy this game, at least on PC. I want my money back."
,Recommended,233290,12734163,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,TitsOnToast,It's good. ♥♥♥♥ metacritics. They're broken. Buy it and you'll see. (MUST BUY WHILE IT'S ON SALE)
76561198141630734,Recommended,233290,12751553,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,4chan_skatilsya,10/10. Just a great game.
76561197972221056,Not Recommended,233290,13131720,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Right Wing Death Squad,"Story is rather cliche and not particularly well done. It feels like a mishmash of hollywood ghost movies with 'salem witchcraft' added in. Completely uninspired and sterile.Gameplay wise incredibly boring, go from point A to point B and avoid or destroy demon obstacles in the way. The demons are the only enemy in the game, all look the same, and can't be hurt unless  you sneak up on them and press a button combination.The detective parts are a joke, there is no puzzle, the answers are obvious and there is no punishment if you answer incorrectly."
,Not Recommended,233290,25702660,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,FinalFoxX,"I can't really recommend this game nor tell anyone not to play it. This is a particular game suited for those with a taste for ghost stories. In fact, I really wouldn't call it a ""video game"", but if it has to be labeled as such, just know that this game is a collection adventure to unlock ghost stories, while discovering parts of the main ghost story itself.The game's basic idea: Walk around as a ghost, explore, collect ""ghost memories (collectables)"", and solve simple psychological puzzles from time to time.Pro's:It's not bad for what it is.It's stories aren't distasteful, as far as ghost horror stories go, but don't expect a dark twist at the end or something incredibly cool (like 6th sense, The Others, or a double twist like Shutter Island). There is a twist (as there should be, in any good ghost story) but it's the most generic twist ever, so much so, I don't feel guilty for spoiling it. Still, when all is said, I can't really gripe too hard at the story, because it's a basic ghost/suspense story that's delivered quite well through interactive play.Con's:Really, there isn't a whole lot of things wrong with this, as far as the game itself is concerned. Although, it did have some issues with a 360 controller and my Roccat Tyon mouse (I had to disconnect the mouse to play). But, in all honesty, in a market that has been tapped completely dry, this game could have been so much worse. Also, I had to attach a -dx9 launch option for this game, seeing as my intel HD 3000 didn't recognize the forced dx11.Final Thought: It's fun, but I can't recommend it to just anyone. It's nothing new in the genre and unless you are really digging the ghost stuff, in which you would have already gotten this, I can't recommend it. However, if you ARE into ghosts and goblins, then I will say you won't waste your money with this game, as there is A TON of bad ghost horror stuff out there that, luckily for me, this did not turn out to be."
,Not Recommended,233290,34392294,Posted: 21 August,all,mraz,"Interfaces stuck from time to time and you can't play this game on 1920*1080 without full-screen, why the hell the developers even bother? By the way if you turn v-sync on, the frame-rate will be capped to 30, it's just... why?  And the ""hide from demons"" mechanic doesn't make this game better, it's just stupid and annoying, like the developers couldn't make the puzzles challenging enough so they decided to add some stupid demons chasing you and they think that would've made the game challenging, which it doesn't and it's just not fun. With all that PC port problems and unfun demon mechanic, I can't really recommended this game."
,Recommended,233290,11921287,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Aldria,"A little scarier than I expected, but I'm a big baby....still totally cool and I plan on finishing it when I get over how ******* creepy those soul eating ghosts are...Coolest spin on a detective game ever!"
76561197960802741,Not Recommended,233290,21916700,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,SnakeIRye,"The game has an interesting concept and I love detective games, but the PC port is unplayble with a mouse and keyboard."
76561198001738199,Not Recommended,233290,10823184,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Zeeknstuff,FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA FEDORA
,Not Recommended,233290,20105195,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Sevarack,I died came a ghost and den refund...     Refund worked well
,Recommended,233290,20073516,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Arceal,!!Spoiler alert!!Ronan dies.
76561198029694184,Not Recommended,233290,25031561,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,rfsfman,"Very difficult to control. The games does not support SPEEDLINK SL-6566. I have to switch mouse + keyboard. On children playground i get stucked in texture and reload from the latest checkpoint. All in-game hints does not work as expected. i'm stucked at ""what did he find about my killer?"". The game does is not responding to any of key.At least the story looks ok."
,Not Recommended,233290,12832113,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,SolaceSiren,"Reposting a review that I agree with.""When they say ""adventure game"", you expect puzzles there. The gameplay consists entirely of hunting the scenes for interactive objects and then picking one of them by guessing the scriptwriter's logic. This is not a puzzle game, this is a casual time-waster. A shame, because the characters weren't bad."""
,Not Recommended,233290,12917917,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Gojira1000,"Four hours in, and I packed it in. Visually it's pretty, and the plot, though standard, is strong enough, but the QTE-style ""combat"" and very linear level design, as well as some painfully predictable writing and character tropes, left me - not unimpressed - but what's probably worse: Uninterested."
,Recommended,233290,10423417,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,boda2ms,So far it's a great game...really good pace.It's a LA Noir type game.Plus the Awesome Supernatural touch!!!:D :D
,Recommended,233290,10413624,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Asiris,Great game with great story and a little bit unexpected ending. Really enjoyed solving the mysteries in this game.
,Recommended,233290,10413829,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Crouch_Masta,"This was a fairly decent game from the story arc that while it might be an easy to figure out but yet still a enjoyable telling that makes it enjoyable to watch unfurl, to the detective elements laced through-out, it does lack some areas like the so called ""stealth sections"" that are quite laughable. But all in all it was an enjoyable experience while I did enjoy it I would recommend waiting until it was marked down to around the $30 mark."
,Recommended,233290,10399670,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,coded17,was expecting to much from this game :/still a great game though
76561198139202047,Not Recommended,233290,24639025,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Buublefish Cx,"DON'T BUY THIS GAMEI fortunately bought it on sale so it wasn't that expensive, but I haven't gotten to play it AT ALL. I've tried launching it a bunch of times but it doesn't work, it crashes before it's even started. I don't know if it's just a bug on my computer but all other games work perfectly so I'd doubt it. I'm very sorry but I definitely can't recommend a game that isn't even possible to play."
76561198057523847,Not Recommended,233290,28013942,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jaha35,This game is a massive disappointment.  Do not waste your time for any amount of money.  The story is a massive lame linear yarn.  You just run around and fetch clues for the story to progress.  Then there are these awful demons in the game and the combat is a buggy mess.  It never works right leaving you either finding them easy to deal with or raging at how the controls just refuse to respond to your commands.  I can't believe I spent as much time in this game as I did and wish I hadnt.  The story wasn't even any good.
,Recommended,233290,29542157,Posted: 28 January,all,Jesus,Yes!
,Not Recommended,233290,31812893,Posted: 17 May,all,马邦德(call me Ma),"It's not garbage, but the plot is way ♥♥♥♥ing childish. Honestly, who the ♥♥♥♥ will kill a lady just because she makes noise? I mean damn, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing dumb!"
,Not Recommended,233290,18779495,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,CwabTwee,Ehhhhhh.....................
,Recommended,233290,12221122,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Meow-Pew-Pew,The only game where you can legal walk through wall withouts bugs xD
76561198022820837,Recommended,233290,11608405,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Peaky,"I would definately reccomend the game due to it's very interesting story, however the gameplay does lack in some respectives. You'll find yourself back tracking alot, sometimes running from one end of the map to the other which gets frustrating as you don't move very fast. The demons are incredibly annoying, after a while each time it's 3 demons in each zone. Consistently without failure, they are not hard to defeat they just become annoying and feel like they're just getting in the way. However apart from these few set backs, the story thus far (I'm yet to have finished the game) is very interesting, the murders are gruesome, so serial killer fans will enjoy this game. Some nice side murder cases to free the other ghosts that linger.Probably give the game a 6/10 it's such a shame with the whole demon thing. They add virtually nothing interesting to the game."
,Not Recommended,233290,21783929,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Sātanic,"I could not recomend this game to anyone expecting engageing gameplay or meaningful motivation to seak out the many hidden clues litttered through this game. After spending a breif yet adequate amount of time with this game i had found myself stuck twice hunting for the very last clue in one of the games closed ""investigate"" areas usaly holding about twelve clues scattered around containing only three releven ones and yet deming it necisary to hinder your progress untill such a time you find all of them then opening a blande menus houseing all the clues and instructing you  to chose the correct three gradeing you on which of three chances you guess correct and utterly discarding of all the other clues they had just forced you to find.So I didnt like the story so what it has several side storys for your to hunt down like collecting 10 scattered water heaters, and 16 1970s era jurry cans with a cardbord sign taped to them labled ""need gas"" or somthing similar to that. hell I even had to walk circles around a drunk driving incident collecting trinkets only to discover i just had to wander to a gas sation around the corrnor and reinact a breif memory of who was driving the car that killed every one else within.I would liken it to collecting the feathers in Assassins Creed 2 only instead of being thanked by an old lady for catching them all you get a dim blue menu containing a half-cliche half-based-in-fact story of a murder with its boring white text and mediocre plot that was given away by the name of the side quest.  And this trend did not seem to be destined to reced as the game progressed if anything it slowly grew more mundane and trivial as i progressed forward.That being said I admit i was only willing to devote three hours to this game with the only true interaction with the game's enviroment came from a breif few moments in possesion of a cat to platform your way to the top of a building and do you know what wonderful prized awaited me....remember those jurry cans i was speaking about erlier, their was one of some rediculuse number suposedly littering the game. It is always a posiblility that the game does a complete 180 at the last moment but i dont hold high hopes.So no i canot recomend this game to anyone exspecting anything but trivial collectable insperations to make a game. This doesnt mean the storys within where not enjoyable but they mostly seemed more likly to belong in the local tabloids rather than a ""detective"" game."
76561198123105831,Not Recommended,233290,32095945,Posted: 31 May,all,mycarispossessed,"doesn't work on my windows 10, I cannot find fixes that work, and steam doesn't give refunds on this title, so I wouldn't waste money on it.  I will not be buying steam games anymore since they have stopped giving refunds on games that don't work."
,Recommended,233290,12985389,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Dana,"That was incredibly short and fast, I mean look at my gameplay hours. Lemmie summarize to you the game, it's all about collect, collectee and collected. Basically, just collecting. The story is great, never expected that to happen. 7/10.Just buy this during sale though."
76561198021032985,Not Recommended,233290,10372060,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Kempeorlaxan,I found myself somewhat bored by the prospect of scaring dudes by blowing paper around. And 3 hours into the game this was the most exciting thing other than posessing a puss.
76561198029485341,Not Recommended,233290,10341973,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Your Dark and Edgy Evil Twin,"This game was so promising and had an interesting beginning but it falls short in every way.  Controls are clumsy, the story is dumbed down, and the gameplay is repetitive.  It feels like a cheap L.A. Noire knockoff which is hilarious considering it's almost the same price.  Long story short don't buy this game and save on your wallet."
76561198055410225,Not Recommended,233290,13626966,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,スパイダーマン,"Pretty average game. The core mechanic consists of searching around for objects, something similar to most collecting sidequests in modern games, which becomes boring very fast. Occasionally, you'll have to connect some of the clues you find, though these are mostly very obvious. There are also sporadic stealth-combat sections, but like the rest of the game, these offer no challenge at all.The presentation is also average. While the games looks very nice, the character design is uninspired and most character models are used over and over. The music is sparse, and while usually fitting the mood, it gets boring due to repetition. The story is uninteresting, has a lot of cliches and is mostly forgettable, though there are a couple of twists.This is not a bad game by any means and I can appreciate the hard work put into this. While I dislike writing bad reviews, with so many better options out there, it's hard to recommend this one."
,Not Recommended,233290,10338603,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Mr. Chopsticks,"This is like LA Noire but you're a ghost. In LA noire, when near an evidence. There's a sound to indicate there's an evidence. But in this game. I literally ran around for 30 minutes just to find the evidence next to the officer I just possessed. Every NPC has only 2 scripted sentences. I kept hearing the same thing over and over again. When putting the evidence together, I literally click every clue I have, relevant or not and In the end, NEXT CHAPTER!! YAY!! The gameplay needs some polishing but the story definitely kept me interested.I felt that this game doesnt worth it's full price. 4/10"
,Not Recommended,233290,33324246,Posted: 6 July,all,Griffior,L.A. Noire did everything better.
76561198092171474,Not Recommended,233290,28705962,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,PhanTasM,"Amazing story ruined by HORRIBLE gameplay...i really wanted to like this,.. but NO,.. i can'tif you want to see the story of this game,.. go to youtube,.. don't waste your money on the broken controls and mechanics"
,Recommended,233290,32108258,Posted: 1 June,all,Mel,"""Fly? I'm aghost, not aplane""You can possess a cat.You can walk through stuff.You can teleport.Demons are creepy af.  Will giive goosebumps. brrr.Amazing conceptCool graphicsLove the story.Love the game. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,233290,22368726,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,WoomyB,"A boring Telltale type of game for those that enjoy watching a story instead of playing a video game. The idea is interesting enough. Be a cop, get killed by some jerk, come back and solve the mystery to your death from beyond the grave.But what you get is just so plain and lazy. I don't play games for their 3rd rate stories, I play for the gameplay.Not to mention that this is just a plain terrible port. 30 FPS cap randomly applies at times, mouse senstitivity has three options. Low, Medium, High. Wow, thanks guys, amazing job. The whole options menu is plain lacking, and the game eats up more performance than it should.I also don't appreciate lazy game design. Some guy was haunting a kid after he died, and goteaten by a demonand disappeared. When I came back and reloaded the save, I found him in the exact same spot, except that I couldn't talk to him. The little girl's scripted ""MOMMY"" sequence replayed again. Why does reloading a save cause everything to reset improperly? This game is not worth your time or money."
,Not Recommended,233290,19168357,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,DasWunderKind,"I really tried to like this game, its a fun little game with too many flaws to recommend it to anyone.The story starts strong and interesting but falls flat midway and the ending is horrible.Characters are dull and one dimensional something that really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off is how our protagonist is always running around with a smoke in his hand like WTF ?Voices are ok music is ok and what little gameplay is also ok...Can't say I hated the time I spend with the game but you have to be a special breed and like these types of game for what they are.Me I liked my 13 hour playthrough but I really dont recommend it.4/10"
76561198153766755,Not Recommended,233290,28495264,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,bluedrumble,A good idea thrown in the garbage. I would hope in a total reboot and with a discount for those who already bougth this one.
,Not Recommended,233290,16376962,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Great_Snake,Terrrible
,Recommended,233290,19108383,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,DSMB,top quality
,Not Recommended,233290,13559089,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Acid Panda,Just don't buy this game.It's uninteresting and the strory is awful.
,Recommended,233290,16405287,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Samoose,"I loved this game, great atmosphere!"
,Not Recommended,233290,12229895,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,penny,"I usually give a game a bit more time before I fully review it, but I can't see myself playing this again. Clunky skipless dialog is not my thing."
,Recommended,233290,13838151,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,PaulDoymin,"6,5/10"
,Not Recommended,233290,34842185,Posted: 9 September,all,Gorman Freedon,The quick time events with the demons ruin the game.
,Not Recommended,233290,16701391,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Ridwan,"It's decent, but it's not worth the full price. Since it's kinda short, and the controls feels clunky. Not to mention the annoying autosave function (meaning you can't save manually). Good story with a nice twist at the end, the demons in the game though feels thrown in to give you a failure state. They get annoying fast. Could've used more voice actors, same people voices almost every male/female npc.Worth it? Meh... it's ok. Get it if you love ghosts, otherwise can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,233290,11964616,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,vodkins,"It's all ok and cool, but where key rebind options? I can't play on your wasdy P.O.S. config! Still this game has no such options - my score 0/10!Всё отлично с игрой, всё просто заебца, но вот одна ""маленькая"" деталь не даёт мне играть в неё. У этой недешёвой игрули нет возможности переназначить клавиши управления. Я просто не могу/не хочу играть на этом заэпавшем wasd'е. Да, вам не послышалось - у игры нет настроек кнопопок клавы, как у какой-нибудь дешёвой инди-поделки, состряпанной на коленке одним человеком. Это просто писдецовый позор! Пока это не будет исправлено от меня оценка 0/10!"
76561198147466358,Not Recommended,233290,12427019,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,HippoKing,I thought the story was short and the gameplay even shorter.
,Recommended,233290,12726814,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Lorgar,"Отличная игра, жаль что очень короткая, иммено таких игр нехватает сейчас."
,Not Recommended,233290,30277707,Posted: 2 March,all,warum nicht?,6/10That's all
76561197992970282,Recommended,233290,28052712,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Denny Crane,"Combat is few and far between but overall this video game was fun and detailed with a nice twist ending. Having ghost powers is fun and openly exploring Salem was a treat... although that is not the layout of the real Salem. Living in the great state of Massachusetts, residing in Boston itself, I can speak for the real town's layout. Reading people's minds, fighting demons and solving a murder all while you are the victim. Buy and play this video game. Denny Crane."
,Not Recommended,233290,15204582,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Shampuck,Good Ending...
76561198052214710,Not Recommended,233290,12851981,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,johnny_m_j,"This is an interactive story, where you have to look for the right order of clues to advance the story.The only diversion from this, seems to be demons which are just a minor obstacle and no challenge at all.Ok graphics, voice acting, etc. But I expected a game, and this isn't one."
76561198304409842,Not Recommended,233290,28108357,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,WolfLover54321,STUPID I CANT OPEN IT IT SAYS STEAM CLENT CANT OPEN
,Not Recommended,233290,33432880,Posted: 10 July,all,YunusGencer,"Bugs, glitches and frustration!!!"
76561198072916141,Not Recommended,233290,10353455,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Kilogaust,"A solid rental. Purchased, played and done with it in about 7 hours, about 80% acheivements unlocked. Interesting story with some good plot twists, but not enough substance to warrant a $50 price tag. If Redbox has it, grab it and take it back tomorrow. A great play but a bad purchase."
76561198025338623,Not Recommended,233290,12510298,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Badlaa666,I was hoping for a good fresh game about the same as L.A. Noire and this is not it.Even as an adventure game this seems pointless to me.I recommend you use your money on the walking dead series instead.
76561198278975792,Not Recommended,233290,26322166,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,share28,"horible mehanics, gameplay, conntrols, story and graphics."
,Not Recommended,233290,26352105,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Flameingpumpkin,ABSOLUTE CRASH FEST OF A PORT DONT EVEN BOTHER
,Recommended,233290,18962123,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Steven Johnson,OMG OMG OMG!!! THIS GAME..... THE STORY...... THE GRAPHICS.... UGGGGGGG IS AMAZING!!!!
,Not Recommended,233290,10351293,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,PsiLupan,"Plot 5/10:The game relies on one of the most overused tropes in regards to Salem's history for it's primary plot. At least in high schools in Mississippi, The Crucible is required reading. Any experience with it and you'll have guessed the killer's name by the time you first meet. The only thing that will come as a shock is who the person targets and manipulates.Gameplay: 4/10It was playable, but the audio would skip occasionally in cutscene, the game stuttered regularly, and the ""stealth or not"" portions were absurdly easy. You'll be forgetting to hold down a button for getting rid of demons more than you'll actually be bothered by them. Also, the walking through walls, possessing people, and such loses its flair pretty quickly. Especially considering half of the NPCs share the exact same 2 lines of inner monologue when you possess them even though they're 15 feet apart, and that's not exaggeration. Plus, you'll spend the majority of the extremely short story trying to look for the clues that require you to aim directly at them before the prompt appears. Extremely frustrating at times.Overall, your best bet is to not waste your money till this game goes on sale."
,Not Recommended,233290,10359351,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,laelisius,"This game is interesting story wise, but technologically unsound. It suffers from crashes, forced cutscenes, locked 30 fps, corrupting saves, and failure to sync with parts of steam. Wait for patches before buying. Unless you want to constantly rewatch 4 minute cutscenes because you crash."
,Not Recommended,233290,31519489,Posted: 3 May,all,Jonttunen,I don't even know why I own this game. It's boring as ♥♥♥♥ and doesn't have any good storytelling
,Recommended,233290,22642356,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Fiend,8/10
,Not Recommended,233290,26398525,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,asymmetrical csgosell.com,"don""t"
76561197977267103,Not Recommended,233290,20347608,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Conspiracy Theory,"Do not buy if you are left-handed and play left-handed, or if you have missing fingers on your left hand, or if  you are disabled on the left side.The half-baked people in charge of Key Re-mapping were in the toilet with a gay-magazine when they were supposed to be finalising a different release.Vermin.Might be ok on a console otherwise. might not. Who plays a game where you are nerfed before you start."
76561198107326353,Not Recommended,233290,10355502,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Whitewings200,It wont even let me launch the game and i'm probably not even going to get a refund.
,Recommended,233290,23815746,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,spaghetti and coffee,ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั
,Recommended,233290,14454132,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Pavel R,Awesome game!
76561198014590009,Recommended,233290,30379613,Posted: 7 March,all,gordan,Good story that more than makes up for at times dodgy gameplay. Objects you are expected to interact with often require lining up from an awkward angle. Completed the story in about 18 hours with most of the side stories also explored.
76561198116655353,Recommended,233290,30398446,Posted: 8 March,all,Kim Cobain,Great game with a. Great storyline
76561198132777229,Recommended,233290,10434077,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,ChuyTheCactus,this game is to spooky for you
76561198130225566,Recommended,233290,10435098,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,SMAJ15,where do i put the cd key?
,Not Recommended,233290,10436143,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,bohndage,"The beginning of the game is very well done, but for me it quickly fell flat.  I was raised on Lucasarts point n' click adventures, so I am always on the lookout for adventure games with puzzle elements or a strong story driven narrative.  Unfortunately, despite some cool mechanics and a story I WOULD like to see play out, the game feels like a series of annoying ""where the hell is that last clue!?"" scenes.  The system for solving crimes is also just a ""guess again until you get it right"" kind of deal.  Essentially, just push button to win.  So close, yet so far."
76561197995192769,Recommended,233290,10476817,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Fergal Stack,Just finished and thoroughly enjoyed this game. I had somewhat low expectations based on what I had read elswhere. I was pleasantly surprised with it.
76561198036191595,Recommended,233290,10478001,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,BoriMex,I am the type of gamer that looks to sit back and relax on a unique story and this game won't disappoint. The graphics aren't really that great and the world could use a better design but the story and the idea of being a ghost detective as you explore the mystery of your killer it's hard to pass. I rate this game to be better than good but I don't think $50 is a fair price. I recommend to wait for a price drop.
,Recommended,233290,10551404,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,SirenLore,I have to give this game a 6/10.  The story was great.  The graphics were great.  There was so much going for this game.  Yet it fell incredibly short.  The demons became just tedious to deal with.  In the beginning it was kind of cool sneaking around them and destroying them.  By the end i was just running past them all and hoping id get in the next area before they could kill me.  In the beginning you have to physically move certain body parts and yet this aspect isnt used again in the game.This game had so much potential.  Be that the game is good.  Just wait till the price is lower before you get this game.
,Recommended,233290,10441643,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Meat Vegetable,The story is absolutely amazing and so enthrallingI had to play it through in one sitting.
76561198068646020,Recommended,233290,10455571,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,QuakeII,Nice storyteller
,Recommended,233290,10485178,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,[-MK-] Flippers,"SPOILER ALERT!!!____________________________________________________________________________________----Very well written story, well voiced charecters and generally a really good experience, The downsides i have to say is the Demon Exectution system is flawed, there would be moments where i would press W or S and i would fail the execution resulting in a total of 73 deaths (Frustrating) also i felt as though the ending was rather Anti Climactic - did they blow their budget on the fancy graphics and voice actors? i expected to fully see Ronan meet his wife and watch him cross over - wether this is setting up for a sequil i dont know, and do not belive it would work - This is a game that does extreamlly well from the story it tells and overall a 4 Star Rating from me"
,Recommended,233290,10486329,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Panda,"Aside from the game being annoyingly laggy at times (not always) and the occasional inconvenient bug here and there, I played through the story line to the end and I absolutely LOVED it.  There's that moment of realization when you're like ""OH MY GOD IT WAS *nope not gunna spoil it ;)*"".The game play isn't the best and you can't do a whole lot other than follow the main story line.  And the missions are all kinda the same, What happened here, fight these demons, what happened over here, possess the cat to move to next area, what happened here. BUT I still loved the game.  I guess its just one of those games where if you try to describe it, it doesnt sound all that good, but once you play it, you'll love it.Play it."
76561198061355625,Not Recommended,233290,10464884,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,TheSurrealTruth,"While I enjoyed the game enough to actually finish it, the overall experience felt very unpolished.What I Liked:-Lovable Characters: I liked all the characters. The voice acting was really great, and I cared about Ronan and Joy; a lot of fun and interesting interactions between the two of them.-A completionist's dream: All sorts of stuff to collect, and fun little stories to unlock if you're into that sort of thing.-Interesting Storyline: The story was surprisingly original, outside of a few painfully predictable points. Original or not, it was interesting and kept my playing.What I Hated:-Sloppy Game Mechanics: Game mechanics were a mess. Especially the dialogue options. You enter a cutscene for each dialogue choice, and the break is very obvious. Once the cutscene ends, there's another obvious break, and you get to choose another dialogue option. It was strange and killed the immersion.-Investigations: Basically a hidden objects game. Walk around, find anything and everything it actually lets you examine until it says you've found all the clues. Then guess which one is relative to the current case. Easy and oh-so boring.-Felt Unfinished: A lot of the powers were pretty useless save for one or two very rare, very unique moments where the game practically screams at you: USE THIS POWER! Teleportation could've been really cool, but there's only a few spots it actually comes in handy, and even then it's super clunky and annoying.A lot of useless hiding spots you'll never use, no matter what, never ever. They're just there for the aesthetics, I guess? Just looked messy to me. And while the start of the game seems to promise a lot of interesting side investigations -- helping to put spirits to rest -- there are very few to actually be found as the game progresses, at least, that I could find.-Enemies: Demons. . .could've been scary, but instead they're just annoying. They walk (float?) a predetermined route. You do the exact same thing to kill them (quick time event). There's no real combat in the game, or even a sense of urgency. You just hide, quick-time kill an enemy when he turns his back on you, repeat.-Cats: O. . .M. . .G Fun at first, but then, seriously, WHY is the SAME black cat everywhere in Salem? You know what, I think that friggin cat might be the killer! Shows up in the most convenient places, always there when I need it. . .what's it playing at? Or maybe it's different cats, all brothers and sisters. . .with absolutely no way to tell them apart. . .? Maybe? And seriously, what is the point of pressing ""Q"" to ""Meow""?I enjoyed the game, it was fun in its own ways. Mostly it was a story that was nice to experience. But MURDERED: Soul Suspect is NOT a $50 game. Maybe $20. So no, can't recommend it."
76561198005556015,Recommended,233290,10490926,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,S1000RR,just play it and you will like this game.
,Not Recommended,233290,10495194,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,friscote,"This game is quite unusual in comparison to the others, and that's the main point of its success. The options are unusual: you can possess, influence on smbd, read the mind and execute the demons. You walk through the game as a ghost, and the main objective is to solve your murder. Despite of this, you are also able to solve the other victim's murders while revealing the hidden items. After you found all the clues on a particular problem, the game proceeds with the next video part that tells you smth. more about your own. AND THAT'S ALL. Nothing more. It becomes boring, especially for those who do not like repetitive cycles. There is nothing scary in the game, it just makes you bored. My advice is: buy this game only if you like what I described above or if you are reach enough to spent around $60 to explore HQ video and the graphics and to satisfy your curiosity."
,Not Recommended,233290,10926417,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mr. Octopicake,"This game cuts a lot of corners, and in a bad way. I will start off by saying that you shouldn't expect anything innovative in terms of gameplay and story because there is literally nothing to this game. Have you played Heavy Rain or Beyond Two Souls? Remember how there was some gameplay in that? Take that,  but remove more of the gameplay and make it a noclip simulator 2014 edition because all you'll  be doing is walking around and looking at things. Slight spoilers ahead.The detective bits? Bland, and obvious as the story is. Sure you won't figure out who the killer is but you will pick up what the deal is with the Killer and still have the protagonist and everyone else bumping their heads into the walls being clueless. Anyone could of picked up the patterns since it was so obvious but near the end of the game that you'll be eager for it to end. Unless you're easy to please. Oh there's a twist to the plot but it doesn't make any gatdam difference to the plot nor does it change anything at all for the later part.Now let's get to gameplay, aka wonder around a building trying to navigate and occassionally posessing people just to influence. There's no point in posessing other people that aren't vital to the ""INVESTIGATE ZONE"" since they all have two lines in mind read and that's it. Reused model heads on different bodies and that's it, find a creeper ghost in some kid's closet only to find five more of him with multiple jobs. Investigate zones are what I like to call areas that you'll be trying to search every nook and cranny to find enough clues to conclude the level, and that itself is also really annoying. Most of the clues are hard to see, and I understand how it is but if I have to look hard through one big room just to realize I need to examine some bloody cat prints for no reason that aren't even remotely related to the case then what's the point? This game is more hollow than how I felt when I beat it.As for the supposed combat? Horrible. There's nothing to it, and it's the most bland thing you'll ever experience. The demons that you face are always set on a path, they won't hunt you down unless they see you nor explore any rooms other than the patrol paths that they'll never stray from. Killing them is also a chore. Press direction + button = instant victory. That's all to it. They're just there to hinder you and nothing else. They'll arrive in the area you just left and have to backtrack to because they can. You can't get by them either so you have to fight them. You can hide and wait patiently. It just feels like they threw them in there just ""because."" They don't have any real point to them other than to add more than just walking around and ""examine"" things.There are side quests though, and that's just more INVESTIGATE ZONES for you to burn time away in to make the game last longer. Will you get anything for it? No. There are collectables, will you get anything for it? No. Only thing you will get is achievements, and  that's it. There are no rewards, there's no good feeling having to help ghosts and frustrate yourself in INVESTIGATE ZONES that are so damn open or have clues so hidden that you can't complete it. A good example is one quest where you have to find out if a guy killed his friends or not, and the objective is ""Who saw the driver?"" No one in that area, not even the Taxi cab driver who was probably called the other night. There's no point in any of these side quests, nor the collectibles to find out ""Salems history"" or backstory.If I want to read about Salem's obvious history that I learned in history class, I'll use gatdam google3/10Don't buy it unless it's on sale for like ten bucks."
,Not Recommended,233290,10920560,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,AntiAntagonist,"A fun premise: solving your own murder, possessing cats and being able to walk through walls.Too bad investigation is simply a treasure hunt followed by a guessing game.  Walking through walls sounds like it should be freeing, but the majority of walls in this game are unpassable which makes the entire experience strangely claustrophobic.This feels like a game whose design had many more elements, but wasn't given the resources to expand much beyond the primary gameplay elements.For a game whose plot is so central I would have hoped to have more twists and turns.  Instead I guessed the ending halfway through the incredibly short storyline.I hope whoever did the visual design for the characters gets put on another project as their work was one of the few saving graces."
,Recommended,233290,10993553,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Bear Bait,"If you like your games because of the story and mechanics buy it. However, the game is really short. It only took me a total of 12 hours to compleate it and those hours included all the things i did in the day while i had the game paused. Personally i would have waited to buy it untill i could have bought it for like 50% off because of the length of the game alone. Everything else is awsome though."
,Recommended,233290,21365203,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Zimos,"Time Spent as Detective: 1 HoursTime Spent as Cat: 10 Hours10/10 would cat again.Ok, time to be serious. I would recommend this game to anyone who yet to play La Noire and have extra cash to spend on game. Otherwise you would find this game rather disappointing despite all it's idea and concept being brilliant and yet failed to be execute in beautiful manners.Plus, certain features in this game could tend to be repetitive and annoying which I certainly won't mention due to possibility of spoiler but you can check it out at forum if you want to knew about it. This game are certainly not worth to be purchase in full price and undoubtedly not fit for hardcore fans of mystery game due to the simplicity of it.7/10 for me."
,Recommended,233290,17239068,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Nobistik,"Good game, just a little clunky at times with the controls and mechanics. I recommend playing this with a controller, it seems to make it a little less clunky. Over all I'd give it a 7.5/10 as the story is a little cliched but still quite enjoyable. I did have to quit a couple times due to the clunky mechanics that didn't mesh well with certain parts where you were required to be sauve and quick (without putting a spoiler in, those that have played the asylum portion will likely know what I'm refering to)."
,Recommended,233290,17181327,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Bot_Fodder,Fantastic game with a dark atmosphere. Very fun and spooky.
,Not Recommended,233290,17030107,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Alex Demille,"I'm going to not recommend this game, primarily because it is just too short and has too many small issues with it; however, I do still think this is worth a play through.In Murdered: Soul Suspect, you play Ronin; a not-so-cleverly named man who is dead and searching for his killer. Through the game, you will help some random ghosts in what is I think some of the most interesting gameplay, and run around in crime scenes solving hide-and-seek puzzle games. The major flaw in this game comes with the very short play time and annoying time wasting monster encounters.Throughout the game you will have encounters with ""daemons"" who are your typical Metal Gear style pathed guards; they can only be killed from behind with a simple QTE and are more of a nusanse than actually being a challenge. By the end of the game, I went into the config and made it so they just didn't see me so I wouldn't have to fight them. It's not that fighting daemons is hard, it's just annoying and by the end of the game if you don't know where the escape rooms are you can just die if you screw up.The final encounter is lame and very confusing, I had to look up the solution. Again, like the daemons, this wasn't because it was hard, it was because the prompt wasn't clear on what I should do.The story has some decent writing in small parts. The noir monologue at the entrance to each game section is a neat touch. The two main characters are interesting, and there seems to be a decent about of background lore on Ronin (the PC). The collectables are interesting as they expand on the murder case and also include background about Salem (the town in which the game takes place). I have no idea if any of the lore is true, but it is nice they put it in. The hidden collectables are unique as they are just ghost/horror stories that have no connection to the main plot - its nice.Over all I think the game is worth a play through if you can pick it up for under $10. There is enough there to keep you entertained for an evening and if you like ghost stories than you should have a good time."
,Recommended,233290,17030305,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Dat Boi,This game is about finding hundreds of collectibles you don't care about. 10/10 Would find collectibles again.
76561198136848975,Recommended,233290,17037710,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Crassus Parnax,One of the best games I've ever played...
,Recommended,233290,16983241,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,ShockwaveNN,"This game is mix from L.A. Noire and poltergeist storie.It's very atmospheric, has a pretty good story and relaxing, slow-pacing gameplay.I totally love it and hope there is be more games in this series."
76561198029164034,Recommended,233290,16998193,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,contact,"I loved this game. That is, *after* I disabled the awareness of the demons in the .ini file. I have to admit, had I been stuck with the demons, I would have returned the game. I like true adventure games - no dying and being attacked. I like stress-free escapism, thanks.I also had an issue with a bug in the interface whilst playing with my mouse and keyboard (PC). The interface, accessed by the tab key, kept locking up when viewing the investigation 'notes' and deductions. I had to switch to a game controller, which fixed the problem.After I discovered those fixes, I was able to play the game without any problems. I was intrigued by the mystery of who the killer was, the novelty of playing as a ghost trying to finish old business, and finally, having fun finding all the little items in the game. I played this over and over, just to re-experience the characters and the story.The story tends to be linear, action folks won't find anything remotely interesting, and old adventure gamers like me won't like the demons, but, in the end, the game was extremely enjoyable."
76561198064401377,Not Recommended,233290,10411751,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,rowlands.andrew,The more you play ti the lower the review becomes gameplay sucks and there is so little freedom of movement.
,Recommended,233290,14603693,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Ooppa,"Fairly small 5-6 hour experience of horror, mystery and annoying demons. Story and atmosphere of the game was really good and I really liked to solve puzzles. Sadly one of the main mechanics in the game was really badly designed, the zombiestalker style with the zombies really didn't work with this title. Still it's really pleaseant experience!"
,Recommended,233290,16774983,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,cowll悲しい,An Interesting and a fresh idea of a game on a perspective of a ghost with a Sherlock Holmes feel on it. It has some flaws that needs to be polished but it's still a good game
76561197977189791,Recommended,233290,17010620,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,gearz557,"Average game. Get it on sale. If you're a perfectionist, or a fan of collecting things, this one may be for you. Overall it's kind of bland."
,Recommended,233290,17495038,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Eyenoom,"Go for the game when it's on sale! €30 is quite a lot of money for the amount of game time you get, but if it's on sale, go ahead and buy!I enjoyed the game a lot. While it's far from a 'Game of the Year' it was a nice and fresh approach to a murder solving game, it has some nice twists and the pace of the game was good. (Not too quick, not too slow)One single thing I really didn't like about the game though, it the 'battle system' if you can call it that. The whole fighting felt very rushed and didn't really add anything to the gamelplay besides fustration. The enemies did however give an extra horror-like feeling to the game."
76561198056038819,Recommended,233290,17355915,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Scattershot,"Voice acting is awesome, and the plot is pretty neat and had a few twists I hadn't expected. It really gives you an opportunity to gumshoe your way through the meat of the plot. The game is focused on mystery solving rather than combat, which is refreshing to see (exocising demons doesn't really feel like combat).However, the game is short. Very short. I picked up this title last night and have already finished it. It's a fun title, but considering the lack of length, I'd wait until it goes on sale before spending money on it. I left feeling disappointed by the length, and to be honest, wouldn't have spent the money on it at all if I knew it would have been so short."
,Not Recommended,233290,17358742,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Ludogg,BORING.
,Recommended,233290,17325381,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,mythSSK,"A great concept with some noteable flaws. If you can manage to put up with the pixel-♥♥♥♥♥ing puzzles, sometimes unintuitive investigation solutions, and inability to track missing collectables, the story, atmosphere and everything else can be worthwhile. Only recommended for those who do not get frustrated easily."
,Recommended,233290,17489698,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Thunder Vonbadass,Ghost-me got run over by a ghost train. Twice.10/10
,Recommended,233290,17933931,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,RobZombie696,"A game that is different , beside other games . I don't know what to say for me was a new experience cause i didn't play a game like this . The Storyline is impressive , the thing with the ghostplay i think it's just a genius ideea , made me so happy when i played first chapter , demon AI not to hard and are easy to evade , but still i recommend it !"
76561198032399846,Recommended,233290,17966985,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,monika,LOVED EVERY MINUTE OF THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,233290,11531923,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,yelroc,"I had been hoping for a half way decent detective game.  This wasn't it.  All you do is walk around and collect items, then once you have enough you unlock the solution.  There is no thinking involved on the part of the player.  This wasn't worth the $25 I paid for it on sale, it definately isn't worth the $50 normal price.  I had thought it might play a little like ""Shadow of Destiny"" but no, no where close to as good of a game.  Don't bother with this one."
76561197992437570,Not Recommended,233290,11533454,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Clavdivs,"Now how can you go wrong with this? The first few minutes in, you die and come back as the ghost of christmas pa... no. Thats not right.Anyways - the idea is just fine. In fact, it should have been gold. Thats probably why I pre-ordered it. How could they possibly go wrong? Proved wrong again. Instead it's just annoying and the least fun I have had in a long time.Another shoddy port to pc, making the keyboard-mouse as natural as fish on land. But fine, we all have a controller (we really shouldnt need one, but thats another rant).First few minutes and they're quick to tell you the limitations you have as a ghost. Ok. Fine. But it's starting to feel a lot like a corridor shooter. With out the pew-pew. Or fun. But I'll get back to that.Wanna walk through that wall there? You can't. Why? Cause if you did, you would bypass that demon thats spesifically placed in your corridor path. They don't feel like they should be there. They are only there to slow you down, make you focus on them instead of whats around you. So that, you know, you miss out on that clue? Cheap trick. And annoyed me to no end. They are easy to take out, but it still messes up the flow of the game.When i finished my  initial ""tutorial""-chapter, I was exited that I finally could roam the streets of the city. What happened instead was deep and utter dissapointment. Just looking at the city I knew exactly what was going to happen in the future.Demons are going to chase me here. I'm going to be forced to hide here and here, then I'll probably have to run up there ... cut-scene i guess, then run again over there. Oh, this path is blocked. Yeah, that will probably open up later when I've waved my magical wand. That guy doesnt want to talk to me, but in his conversation his rubbing it in my face ""im not gonna talk to you"". Translation? I'll talk to you, but first you have to do something. And the streets are littered with ""clues"" that tell you about the plot, killer and well everything.Oh joy. Cause thats what I want to do. I want to learn about the murderer and why he does what he does by jumping and exploring the terrain instead of the story.And the story. Why didn't they hire better writers? At least let us keep guessing the ""why"" untill after some gameplay. When the gamer feel like you know the ""why"" right after chapter 1 - then you seriously have done something really really wrong. Thats not storytelling - thats insisting that the gamer is an idiot. And lazy.It was just such a let down, I never finished chapter 2. Or was it 3? I dont know, and i dont care."
76561197970332116,Not Recommended,233290,11537666,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,per.christensen,"Fair story, graphics and sound - gameplay is slightly stunted and so are the choices to make.Feels more like an animated story and its very very short - 6H of gameplay only which is too little for the asking price.But this was on sale, so for that it was worth I enjoyed it while it lasted.The developers could have done so much more with this so its a pity and feels like an early release and not a full game."
,Not Recommended,233290,11537033,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Duke Maxwell,"Generally I like this game, the concept is interesting and its a nice murder mystery storyline, buuuuut:- Its short, I beat it in about 9 hours- Control on PC is so bad, can't even rebind keys, you absolutely need a controller- Has some bugs, I got stuck multiple times, where I couldn't leave a possesed person and had to reset to Checkpoints- Checkpoints are to far in between and sometimes in stupid locations, could really use a manual save feature- It's impossible to fail an investigation even if you do everything wrong, so no real challenge thereOverall I would love to recommend this game but the price is just to high for whats delivered, even at the 19,99€ I bought it for, wait for the next steam sale and if you can grab it for 10 or under, go for it"
,Recommended,233290,11539133,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Kpiozero,"I think I can recomend this game. If you like murder mysteries, and the invistigation aspect of games like LA. Noire"
76561197970532623,Recommended,233290,11542455,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,KnightErrant,"Interesting story.  It is like reading a book.  A bit short as I finished it in one afternoon.  No surprise clues at the end, you can figure out the mystery as the story progresses (which is a good thing).  I had guessed a few of the plot aspects before they happened, but I don't find that a negative.  It happens.The game concentrated on the story (which I liked) rather than combat with some story thrown in.  This may not appeal to some.The game is short.There were bad parts.  It was clear that the end was thrown together.  Not that the story didn't complete.  That was fine, but there were four major broken game development commandments.  Two appear right at the end.1.  You cannot save the game.  Ever.  It is a port to PC from a console.  There are automatic progress points.  The good thing is they do seem to happen often.2.  Flash sequences.  Some people like them, I don't.3.  Repeated cutscene (happens at end) when you fail (which will happen).  You can skip it after it starts, but forcing one to even go into it is bad.4.  Sudden timed sequence.  There is exactly one (two parts of one timed sequence) and none of the rest of the game has one.  It is short (the timed sequence), too.I'd recommend the game if you like to play a short story.  This is not a combat centered game.  It is a mystery and in that aspect it was fun to figure out the mystery.  Get it on sale.  Not worth a normal 50-60 dollar price tag.I'd like to see more products like this rather than the overdone shooters and what not, so I realise my suggestion to get it on sale isn't going to encourage more such development.I'm going to give it a yes but read the caveats in this article."
76561198052682497,Not Recommended,233290,11526507,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Ali Lich,well its a fifty fifty i mean its not that hard and ends Very fast sadly. i mean i could have liked it if it was longer and more complicated i dont recommend buying it full price at least buy it 75% off or more if u wanna try it
76561197999906390,Recommended,233290,11438281,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,AKA 504 New Orleans я,I think this is a good one player game !!!!!!!!! :)
,Recommended,233290,11786110,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Crash Beandicoot,"Nice storyline, loved being a cat.The whole game I was like JOY JOY JOY JOY JOY JOY JOY JOY JOY"
76561198048712283,Recommended,233290,11787488,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,rks49783,"This game is DEFINETLY worth playing. The old saying goes ""never judge a book by its cover"" Well the same could be said for judging a game based soley on reviews made by other people. Most of the reviews I read said that this game sucked, that it wasn't worth playing. I took a chance, bought it.. and I don't honestly see what the problem is  with the game. I was captavited from beginning to end, and the twist ending was really satisfying and took me completly by surpise.. I won't say what happens.. play the game and find out for yourself!"
,Recommended,233290,11603998,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Wu'teh,"If you go into this game expecting a sweeping epic or a play time creeping towards triple figures then you're going to have a bad time.What this game does have is a short but engaging story (I finished it in 6 hours), a world with plenty of nooks, crannies and collectables to keep the treasure hunters among you happy and characters that managed to make me either care about them or dislike them as the developer intended.As far as replay value goes, I doubt I'll be loading it up for another playthrough right away but I can see this becoming the sort of game that I'll fire up several months down the line when I don't fancy playing any of the shiney new games I've splashed out on at the time.I picked this up on a 50% flash sale, and that price feels about right for what I got. I think I'd feel let down if I'd paid full price.So, to reduce all that to a number, I'd give it a solid 7/10"
76561198071796524,Not Recommended,233290,12182312,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,e3d99,It is ok... the game is too short and after a while the game gets weak.
76561198082486588,Not Recommended,233290,10434701,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Ding Dong,This game has an ok story but thats about it.  The game walks you through it so there is no real challenge or putting pieces together or anything.  I figured out basic parts of the story not even half way through.  Only one real twist in the entire game.  Not worth even half of what they are selling it at.
76561198119142305,Recommended,233290,12155184,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,jmaunsell,I definately recommend this game. I played it on a PC.  At first I had trouble with the keyboard controls as I am mostly used to using mouse point and click but ended up really enjoying this way.  I found the story line exciting and spent alot of extra time just collecting things which was fun.  I did have alot of trouble with the demons but managed to overcome that too.  I did have a glich where I sometimes had trouble accessing the story lines from the tab button and I would freeze up and then had to shut down in order to continue.  I understand some other people had this same problem but others didn't.  Anyways even with some of the obstacles this turned out to be one of the best games I have played (and I have played alot)
76561197994650058,Not Recommended,233290,11884556,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Spawn (FR),The story is OK but is poorly told in this game. Difficult to identify to a hero so cliché. There is something ironic in controlling a character that cannot die in a video game. As a consequence it is all too easy. The worst that can happen to you is not solving enigmas on the first trial. Too bad because the gameplay is very innovative.
,Recommended,233290,11878320,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Serenity,"Murdered is a game for those who like a little mystery and problem solving. This game was alot of fun and was a good change in the type of games i normally play. Still not 100% sure if this game is really worth as much as it is, but i would definitely recommend looking for it during any sales event.Not only do you solve your own murder, but you help other lost souls along the way. You learn mutliple Ghostly abilities as you progress through the story. AND YOU CAN POSSESS A CAT! YES A CAT! I found those parts alot of fun. The ending is pretty interesting...You'll never guess who killed you. Overall this game is great, i wouldn't pass up the opportunity to play it."
76561198044707187,Recommended,233290,11936706,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,diegocofino,good game
76561198064155675,Recommended,233290,11939930,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Dave,"Although this game is extremely buggy, it is a great game if you can get it to run. Your character is a detective who, as a ghost, spends the game trying to figure out the identity of a serial killer. There are a lot of CSI-style investigation scenes. Because your character is a ghost, he also uses supernatural abilities to solve the case. The game takes place in the town of Salem where the infamous witch trials took place. The graphics are stellar and you can view the area around your character in all directions as he explores Salem. Although most of the game is confined to investigations in limited areas that proceed in a somewhat linear fashion, you have some freedom to explore each area openly, and you must determine how to properly use your powers and wits to solve the case. The downside of this game is that the game did not start at all after I first downloaded it. SquareEnix support was no help. I went to CrashWiki (a website) and downloaded some dll files to my System32 folder in order to get this game to run. But the game did run after I downloaded the dlls. The game still crashed every now and then. There is also no support for the 32-bit version of Windows. You must have the 64-bit version of Windows for the game to run. I do have 64-bit Windows, but I still experienced some problems. You will not be able to run the game at all if you have 32-bit Windows."
76561198061728984,Not Recommended,233290,21390569,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Debellatio,"This game would be a good movie. The story is good enough to keep you playing, but the elements of the game, such as character development, new powers, side quests, are handled  in such a poor way that it doesn't have any real difficult. If you don't understand what clue is missing, you can keep guessing and it doesn't have any real down side in the gameplay. The story is pretty straight foward and short and there is a little plot twist in the end, but it's quite guessable, even though the main character is usually clueless about things.Some demons appear to scare us and to create the illusion of difficulty but they are killed so easily that after you get the hang of it, they aren't even a problem.The game has a different feel, a feel I haven't felt in games for a long time because of the way things are, we being a spirit and all that, but I don't think this game is really worth all the money I spent. For fans of detective games, this one may be one of the fews and may perhaps be interesting. In my opinion, buy this game only on steam promotions and don't waste time with side quests."
76561197989061651,Recommended,233290,13580887,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,mraoul,"Worth a play if you can get it on sale. Soul Suspect is a detective adventure game. Calling it a horror game does a dis-service to actual horror games so I'll just say it has a dark atmosphere. The story is kinda mediocre, somewhat predictabe and relatively short (I finished it in 8 hours, while doing a pretty good amount of exploring). The controls are kinda sticky at times.  Some interacions should be based on proximity instead of the current system of it being based on where the camera is centered. There is very little character progression in regards to powers and the powers are a tad lame. 'Battles' in this game consist of sneaking up on enemies to trigger a QTE to defeat them. If you are spotted by them or fail the QTE, you're forced to run and hide until the enemy gives up at which point you can try again. There is only one enemy type in the entire game, save for the 'final boss.'The crime scene system (not sure what it's officially called) is interesting but will often penalize you for not being able to answer their vaguely asked question in the exact way they want you to. Not sure if this is a localization thing or someting else. Some of the clues are absurd to be called 'clues'  and I wa somestimes annoyed that I had to click on it to make the observation into a 'clue.' Also, as mentioned about the controls, because the camera has to be centered on the item for prompts to show up, I would often miss clues because a prompt didn't pop up -- this would just add unnecessary time as I'd be searching for that last clue and then realize that I hadn't properly centered the camera on the item for the prompt to come up.I got this during a recent sale for under $10 and I think that's a fair price for the game. It wasn't spectacular but was interesting enough to keep me occupied. Frankly, games like this should not be released at full console retail price when the quality of the product doesn't warrant so."
,Recommended,233290,13582398,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,DustAndEchoes,"Remember The Darkness? This game plays a little bit like that, with the 'other world on top of this world' vibe... Except that Ronan is a WAY more likable and funny guy than Jackie, who - if Im going to be generous - had the personality of a piece of sopping wet cardboard. (Yes I've read the comics. I stand by my statement.)Gameplay can get a little clunky, but you arent asked to do action sequences more than a few times, so mostly it's just atmosphere. Said atmosphere can, at times, get a little repetative, but it did manage to maintain a pacing of steadily getting creepier and creepier. The tense string instruments make you want to turn around and slap the musicians for scaring you like a little girl. Play at night with the lights off for maximum effect, obviously.Power through the story if you get tired of the levels; they dont take long. The story itself had a few 'whodunit' twists and a few others you can see a mile out, but still. It's not terrible, and history nerds get a nice stroll through Salem that doesnt overwhelm people who dont give a rat's behind about what happened in 1800-and-who-cares.Conclusion: A nice timekiller that wont take up more than a day of dedicated play or a few days of off and on.WARNING: The menu in here IS glitchy as all heck, so stay out of it as often as you can."
76561198084843734,Recommended,233290,14470861,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Margadon,"Atmospheric interactive movie which I enjoyed playing, but still would like it to be more a real quest with some challenge. From the technical perspective it's pretty bad console port with clunky controls and stupid save system. Buy it if you like good story. Skip if you looking for gameplay."
76561197983318536,Recommended,233290,14472151,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Tomozuki,"Wow! I recommend it. Have been playing it for an hour or so but it really pulled me in. If you liked Fahrenheit / Indigo Child, try this one."
76561198169319145,Not Recommended,233290,14476745,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,☠Duke_The_Stranger☠,Worth $5 at best.
76561198079278295,Recommended,233290,14504530,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Darquan,"Nice graphic novel. Yes, somewhat repetitive at certain aspects, but main story will push you to overcome those aspects."
,Recommended,233290,14587868,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,ellneko,"Solid 7/10. Interesting storytelling on the primary narrative, marred by awful writing on the background storytelling and a lot of missed opportunities, gameplay-wise.Definitely falls into the trope of ""And then Hero McHeroson is rewarded with a woman.""Also Hero McHeroson's wife is fridged in the backstory so he can have his Immense Manly Pain."
76561198039289838,Not Recommended,233290,14591826,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Happy,"Well what can i say about this game hmm.Well first off it wasent very good. the reason for this is that it just does not involve the player enough, there are basicly no choices in this game. the story isent half bad but with it being so simple it just dosent draw the player in. i got bored after the first hour or so of the game due to this reason,The only reason i went through it was because i had bought it and figured i might as well finish it. so it wouldent feel like a totall waste of cash.Basicly you go from point to point, find the clues in each location (wich is extremly easy to find) and you get a abit of the story then you move to next location rinse and repeat, and thats it. There are a collectables you can pick to get a few side stories thats not linked to the main story, They are basicly there to help add the darker feel to the game.on the Plus side+ Good voice acting+ Decent Graphics+ Good atmosphereOn the Minus Side- No Choices that effects gameplay at all- To strightforward- Main Story is to short.- Boring Main Character ( too cliché)- Side stories also very shortAll in all it was a dissapointing game.  feelt like i was playing a bad version ofThe Walking Dead -http://store.steampowered.com/app/207610/The Wolf Among Us -http://store.steampowered.com/app/250320/Now if you like this type of game i would recommend picking up a copy ofThe Walking Dead Season 1-2 and Wolf Among Us.Same stuff but with actuall choices that effects the story and really really good story."
,Not Recommended,233290,14593761,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Katosepe,"Throughout my playthrough of Murdered: Soul Suspect, I could never truly figure out if this was just a game that took the modern game developer's philosophy of all-inclusiveness to an extreme or if they honestly just think gamers are all dumb as posts. That's the biggest problem with this game. I'm generally a fan of story-based games and can appreciate when they make games decently easy to complete so that you can follow the story at a good pace. Even for me, Murdered: Soul Suspect was so ridiculously easy that I just couldn't bring myself to care.You follow the story of Ronan, a cop working on a serial killer case in the city of Salem. As the game starts, Ronan meets his grisly end but comes back as a ghost. He quickly finds out that in order to move on to the afterlife with his beloved, he must solve the case of the Bell Killer and thus, his own murder. It's not an uninteresting premise but curiousity quickly becomes tedium as you work to make Ronan catch up with what you probably figured out just from reading those three sentences. Supernatural occurances in Salem equals witchcraft. In fact, reaching this level of obviousness and not overthinking things is probably the most difficult part of the game.While the game occasionally gives you action sequences involving sneaking around demons a la Metal Gear Solid, the primary bulk of the gameplay is exploring and using detective work to piece together the mystery of the Bell Killer. The kinds of puzzles you have to solve are similar to this: a body lies in front of you with a gunshot through the head. What weapon killed him: a gun, a knife or a rope? See what I mean about overthinking things? This isn't a trick question and the game is full of stupidity like this. One frequent puzzle that is honestly in the game is where you have to influence people to think about a certain topic so you can read their thoughts. You have to pick from a variety of subjects to get them to think about the Bell Killer. To do this, you pick the thought that is directly talking about the Bell Killer. There is no extra thought to this and the puzzle repeats FREQUENTLY throughout the game.The other gameplay elements aren't much better. The stealth sequences are absurdly easy and simply require you to move behind the demons who follow the exact same path without variation in rooms where there are, at most, four of them. There is also a collect-a-thon throughout the game where you pick up elements of backstory about a variety of topics like Ronan's life, Salem's history and other topics. There are over 200 of these collectables scattered throughout the relatively small game world and while it's fun to find these at first, it quickly becomes boring like the rest of the game due to very little reward for collecting them all.Due to the ease of completing the game and the stupidity of pretty much every character, the storyline is hardly fulfilling either. Some may enjoy making their way to the conclusion but you will likely guess what's going on after only a few hours of play time. Still, despite the bad gameplay, the controls felt great to me, using a 360 gamepad, and the camera worked surprisingly well, considering how much time is spent walking through walls. The sound is also decent with voiceovers ranging from passable to pretty decent. If you are looking for a mindless game to play through in a day or two, Murdered: Soul Suspect may be what you're looking for but if you're looking for something with even the slightest hint of meat to it, pass on this one. It will only disappoint."
,Recommended,233290,14631031,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,iceveiled,"A refreshing mystery game, light on action with some straight-forward navigational puzzles, and a solid narrative as far  as video games are concerned. There's some above average voice acting present here, with atmospheric and sometimes spooky visuals.The content and subject matter of Murdered: Soul Suspect is what makes it a breath of fresh air in a sea of violent action games.  How do people cope with their own deaths? You'll learn a lot about that subject if you take the time to talk to other ghosts in the game's world. Some are flat-out in denial, others have embraced it. Some are recently deceased, others are ancient ghosts, still troubled by their tragic (or not) fates. You'll encounter spirits that offer  side quests requiring you to help them figure out the circumstances  of how or why they died.  It's rather interesting if you're into that kind of thing.To nit pick, the game goes on for about an hour longer than it should, revisiting areas previously visited and therefore becoming a bit tedious, but the obligatory mystery genre twist at the end makes it worth it. There's no combat to speak of -- sometimes you have to dispatch ""demons"" which requires a bit of  stealth combined with quick time events -- that's the extent of Murdered: Soul Suspect's ""action"". These  scenarios are few and far between, but only serve to slow down your investigative process, and caused me to roll my eyes, particularly at the end of the game, when I just wanted to move forward with solving what I wanted to solve to complete the game.Murdured: Soul Suspect is not a perfect game but if you crave a break from shooting things in the face, instead gathering clues, solving mysteries and exercising the more analytical side of your brain, Murdered: Soul Suspect is for you."
76561198100719660,Recommended,233290,14631696,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,xX The Jesta™ Xx,Excellent game!
,Not Recommended,233290,14633215,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,JASGTi,"Decent story, bad execution."
76561198172872921,Recommended,233290,14616668,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Bastet630,The ending wasn't as exciting as I was hoping it would be but the game in its entirety was really good.
,Recommended,233290,14605274,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,lextenou,"Highly pleasing short game, engaging storyline."
,Not Recommended,233290,14605582,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,PWNEDbyMGB,"Relatively lame game. I played until the end just because it was easy, and you could chip away at it, 30 min here, 20 here type of thing. The reality is this is merely a story based game that you go through the motions to advance the story. Story is decent, but nothing to write home about. Characters are hard to feel anything for. Ronan is ""mr. cool"" and joy is a brat. The ending was a surprise only because you couldn't have possibly guessed it or figured it out until 5 minutes before, and final showdown is not terribly impressive. I expected more from the final few minutes.I would only recommend if a) you like adventure type games and b) you get it on a deep steam sale. I paid 7.49 and still feel like that was about right for what it was. Anything more forget it."
76561198168526255,Recommended,233290,14606084,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,becky7297,"Good game overall.  Better than average voice acting and a great story line.  If you like solving a mystery, this game is for you."
76561198081213775,Recommended,233290,14606925,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Heil Bakso,I love the adventure also the story of this game!Also the graphics is really nice!
,Recommended,233290,14604252,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,✿Clevr✿,You can be a cat! 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,233290,13859299,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,ButtShark ~NekroTronix,"To be honest this is one of the best 6hrs and a 30mins of playing this game, controls are easy to use, good story line with plenty of wtf/omg's moments. the game not only looks good but it also lives up to its name, basic story, your a cop who has been tracking a murder which you then save a teenage girls life as you die without knowing, after the fall to the ground you then relise that your soul is out of your body as the ""Bell killer"" shows up only to see that you have no control or effect which your forced to see your own death outside your corp, now its up to you and a teenage girl to investigate the crime scenes and leds to find out clues to track down the ""Bell killer"" and help other ghost to reclam their memories as you sneak through countless of demos with the chance of kill or be killed.............9/10    hope this game will get a another one coming out : /conclustion: if you want to play a game which will get you thinking to solve crimes of a killer dubed as ""Bell Killer"" and stop this madness of an angry spirit as you sneak through countless of demo's to the truth   -must play :3"
76561198040368617,Recommended,233290,14408671,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,grauntgront,"Amazing! There is so much polish and detail in this game! It runs very well also, 60fps on max settings. I dont want to spoil anything if your thinking of buying it so ill just tell you its awesome, it builds well and has a great twist of an ending! Can't recommend this game enough!"
,Recommended,233290,16560400,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,R4DFIELD,"Think of an episode of Law & Order featuring the X-Files characters, the whole case happens within a single night and it actually is an interesting story. You play a man that will have to solve his own murder and go through pretty much a case that has been going on for some time.It's not a long game but will keep you entertained, the ""detective"" work is not too complicated, easy to spot clues and gameplay is rather easy to pick up. The game performance is ok, it has an uncapped FPS but it at times drop to a locked 30fps due to the cutscene lock.All in all a game worth of a low sale price that it usually is."
,Recommended,233290,16538101,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Suspext9,"If you can get this game for 75% off or more, I'd buy it, other than that, don't bother. The story is decent, there are enough twists and turns to keep you interested for the entirety of the game, but it has no replay value, and the gameplay is basic and there's no real challenge to it. You can easily get 100% in about 8 hours on your first run. For £20 I'd be disappointed, for £3-£5 I'm not. I did enjoy it, I'm just never going to play it again."
,Not Recommended,233290,15291306,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Dantés,"This would make for an interesting film or Graphic NovelIt does not stand up particularly well as a computer game. I think the wrong medium has been used to tell this story; or at least the 'game' is at several levels below what the story should merit.Terrible and unintuitive combat system, which adds nothing to the game and serves to irritate. Zero penalty for identifying incorrect motive or misaligning clues; basically you can just 'click' your way through by trying multiple combo's, which detracts from what could have been an engaging ""detecting"" experience.Hundreds of collectibles hidden in obsure places. You'll need to collect them all if you want to experience the full back story. I couldn't be bothered investing several hrs of mundane searching for a 20 sec cutscene, which is a shame. No map. What sort of 3rd person game doesn't have a mini-map.Get it cheap and ignore ALL the filler content. Blast through the main story in six hrs and enjoy it for what it is. Good narrative. That way you get to avoid most of the tedium and enjoy this as an interactive B movie."
,Not Recommended,233290,16543236,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Gbuss,"Game is short with a mediocre story. Story is way too scripted, have to find all clues in an area, and not much else to do other than that. 90% of all clues are useless, and don't even relate really to what you are trying to find out, they are just there to increase the amount of content in each mission. The only type of ""fighting"" seems to be thrown in last minute and is just infuriating to deal with, it just stalls for time to find the pattern, then you have to basically do a short quicktime event to kill it. There is no reason to have the ""fighting"" from everything I've seen. Game had promise in what was advertized, but didn't deliver..."
,Not Recommended,233290,16537451,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,[SAP] TheLazySamurai [SCRUB],"Just finished Murdered: Soul Suspect. Most people who I talked to about the game heard it was♥♥♥♥♥♥ I can understand why. The game had a couple CTD bugs, was laggy if you used the anti aliasing at all, and generally felt like a very poorly done port. The combat was a stealth based sneak up and kill a demon that otherwise can just kill you, and at first it helped to break up the story nicely; unfortunately later on when the story was going on, it became tedious as the story was captivating. Outside of combat the gameplay mechanics were pretty much what I expected, collecting info through examination to solve your own murder, one step at a time.All in all, the story was excellent, the combat was poor, there are a few bugs and it was short. Square Enix would have been better off turning this game into a movie, but I still enjoyed it despite the problems. I would not recommend getting the game at full price, but on sale I would."
,Recommended,233290,16425714,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Soleanthia,"You are the spirit of a murdered police dectective in modern-day Salem and you must find out about your murder before you are able to move on. The story itself is very interesting and there are some tie-ins with the Salem Witch Trials.Pros:Story is interesting and engaging.Art Style - I liked how they mixed things and structures from old Salem into the modern world in the spirit realmSide Stories - There are a few side ""missions"" where you try to figure out how other people who also cannot move on have died or the meaning behind it. The game deals with numerous kinds of deaths, some not so pleasant, in a mature, grounded fashion.While we're on the subject of different deaths, the game handles many kinds. Suicide (intentional or not), accidental (drowning and drunk driving), murder (not just of the main character), and plague to name a few. While they're not all side ""missions"" these people are found throughout the game and I really like how it doesn't shy away from the darker side of the mind.Cons:Quick Time Events - there aren't a lot but they're a pain to do and the combinations change.Credits - 10 minutes, give or take, of unskippable creditsOverall, the game was very enjoyable and I highly recommend it if you're into these types of detective / story games."
,Recommended,233290,16426136,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,WitWiz,"I was quite in doubt wether to recommend or not this game. At the end I gave it a thumb up for a few reasons:- the MAIN story is good- graphics and anbience are top class- it's nice to be a ghost: walking through walls and ghost ""skills"" are kinda uniqueAnd at the end I must admit it was fun to play.BUT know a few stuff before you buy:- it's kinda short (8hrs for me and I am a completionist type)- side quests are not rewarding at all- game is not challenging, unless you decide (like I did) to find all collectibles in game (which is more travelling around places over and over - not my idea of fun)- not always, but 10-15% of puzzles are pure guessing, as the ""correct"" answers are considered wrong...- It's amusing the lack of variety in ""extra features"", expecially after seeing the credits: literally hundreds of people involved in developing, designing and making the gameIf you look for a good story, an original gameplay and are not bothered much by the cons above, grab it!"
,Recommended,233290,16427329,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,UlteriorMotif,Not worth full price but worth picking up on special. Decent story with a good twist. Had the potential to be an amazing game if done with more freedom of exploration and better combat.
76561198037632921,Recommended,233290,13618526,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,MightyOz,"Story, narration, exploration and case solving are the main and the best parts of this game and a few collectible ghost stories add nice touch to great atmosphere. From the other point of view than interactive story, other activities can feel a bit cheap. Fighting demons feels out of place and is repetitive. Possessing people serves almost no purpose and thoughts of possessed people repeat a bit too much. Poltergeisting people outside of missions serves no purpose, because there is no reaction. Get this on sale and expect the good spooky story, but not much else."
,Recommended,233290,13607776,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,marvelet,"The game that I waited for sale, and YES, it is really good and I'm not disappointed with my purchase. The game itself reminds me a bit of Heavy Rain and L.A Noire, it rich with story and character driven. The graphic is good, and the sound is haunting.  For those who like to play point-and-click adventure (added with jumpscare moments), I recommend to buy this game.Pros :- Story driven- Great sound / musicCons :- The control sucks (easier when using gamepad than keyboard/mouse)"
,Recommended,233290,13673818,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Princess Pancakes,"I really enjoyed this game and even though I completed the story, I will most likely go back in to finish finding all of the collectibles at some point. I think the premise is really neat and it was fun to feel like a ghost for awhile. I wouldn't say that I was necessarily scared playing this but the game does a great job at setting the atmosphere for a ghost story! I liked being able to possess things and walk through walls and explore! The demons were great also. I bought this on a steam sale and would definitely recommend trying it out if you like ghost mysteries and murder stories."
,Recommended,233290,13675177,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Snicker,"I heartily recommend this game.  A mystery game, in the style of LA Noire, this game gets high marks in nearly every category.  Although it is a bit short by modern gamer standards (6-10 hours of gameplay if you are a collector, 3-4 if you just power through the story and ignore the side stories), the game is interesting and entertaining enough to make those hours not feel like wasted time.Graphics, voice-acting, and general gameplay are all top-notch.  This is not an extremely difficult game, and it's impossible to ""fail"" it completely (the game just lets you try over on anything you mess up), but if you're more concerned with storytelling and atmostphere, this game will make you very happy."
,Recommended,233290,13632489,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,MegaSeveN,"Warning for completionists:Get everything in the Museum before progressing in the story. It is the one area with missable stuff.Now on to my real review:You can posess a cat and then run around, jump up on/climb things, and even have a dedicated button just to meow. If that doesn't tell you everything you need to know about why this game is the best, then I don't want to know you.Seriously though, I'd go on and on about why this game is great, but there's plenty of better written reviews doing just that."
,Recommended,233290,13655345,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,The Human Shitpost,"Murdered was a fun game honestly. A really good noir tale and an interesting story with a cast mostly made of characters I cared about. It's pretty short though, it took a little less than five hours for me to finish it the first time, and then a bit less than that to run through again for the collectables. Not a lot of replay value in things you can do differently (other than the aforementioned collectibles) but a lot of fun."
76561197995248176,Not Recommended,233290,13660987,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,P.E.J.M.A.N,total crap game not my type of game! But graphic´s is awesome!
,Recommended,233290,13665457,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,zyy,"Story and gameplay is epic - Voice acting is spot on, adding to the Immersion! ONLY let down is the demons... The most pointless addition to a game I have ever seen. Takes that immersion that's just been built and throws it away.Only reccomend as long as you can easily get back into a game once you've been distracted from the story.8/10"
76561198149705160,Recommended,233290,13175403,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Mhyrrlin,"Picked this one up on the Black Friday sale and I'm so glad I did. I've been wanting to play it but was put off by the high price tag.The controls feel a little strange, even though they're relatively typical for a PC game. I found the mouse movements to be incredibly sensitive, however, and wasn't able to find a way to easily slow it down. Once I got used to it, though, it was fine.  Don't expect super complex controls. Basically, you have forward, backwards, sideways and interact. Pay attention to what the screen tips are telling you about the type of interaction.The storyline is fascinating and if you like solving mysteries it will really pull you in. There are a few side mysteries to solve and ghost stories to find. The game doesn't send you running around all over the map for the mysteries, but it also isn't in your face about where you're supposed to be looking for clues. It's a nice balance. You get more shields (points) if you get the answer right the first time but you'll have second and third chances.The atmosphere is suitably spooky, the sound effects and background music is really creepy - especially with the lights out. Fighting demons is interesting and can be challenging.Overally, I'm really enjoying the game."
76561198154698889,Not Recommended,233290,13176459,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Nattmal,"I would recomend it only on sale a strong sale, it's feels empty, there is nothing to do but collecting stuff, doing the investigations, some times are criptic way to criptic, or too easy, and then this game is repetetive, boring as hell. There are some ""stealth"" parts where you ""kill"" demons but it's really unnecesary an pretty stupid. There is no way you can fail an investigatio there are no consequences if you fail. But the good points of this game are the good story, the ambient, the idea but that's it there is nothing else positive about this game."
,Recommended,233290,13276767,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Fury_FX,i dont no why the hell this game got a 59 metacritic score becuase this game is awesome and so much fun the only problem ive found so far is the game seems to be a tad buggy but aparting from that loving it i like detective games and you play as a ghost detective thats kool! loving the storey and the gameplay is not boring keeps you entertaned got this on sale so i dont regret the purchess cant stop playing!
,Recommended,233290,13234268,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,dragonbrand,Enjoyed this game and liked that as the hero you are trying to solve your own murder.
76561198048074599,Recommended,233290,13949577,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,helgise96,Nice and good Mystery. With a good storry! ;)
,Recommended,233290,13728326,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,froggiejp,flashback simulator 2014
,Recommended,233290,13766687,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Bugarally,"One of the best games I've played in a long time. The graphics are superb, and the story is outstanding. The amount of realism in this game really makes me want to go and visit Salem. The characters are all unique to their time periods, and their personalities are well expressed through amazing voice acting and movement of the body models by the game makers. I'd give this game a strong 9.5/10, only because it was too short to me. I'll definately be sitting down and playing this game over and over for a long time. I reccomend to anyone who wants a good game with a great plot and plot twists!"
76561198056771241,Recommended,233290,13768316,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,OG ThermalDevil,"Great 'Next Gen-Game' had fun with it and story had me really into it.  Although it is a great game based on its story it doesnt provide replayablity so much. Pretty much play through once and your done. Nonetheless you should still get it, try to get it on sale. :D"
,Recommended,233290,13774395,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,vecima,"This game has a good story and the investiagion portions are fun.  This is not an action game so know that going in.  There is no fighting or shooting outside of cutscenes.  The closest thing to action this game has is a sort of stealthy takedown mechanic that is occasionally used to remove adversaries.  This mechanic isn't handled very well, but for the most part it doesn't get in the way of enjoying the rest of the game."
76561198071976005,Recommended,233290,13774417,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,artytao,bought it when it was on sale.this is so far the best detective game i have ever played
76561198012222464,Recommended,233290,13727002,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,mfortunato,"Highly overlooked gem.  Just finished playing this and I thoroughly enjoyed it from beginning to end.  I do not understand why this game received such negative reviews. The story is entertaining and you're kept guessing until the end (although I had my suspicions - which turned out to be incorrect). The graphics are quite beautiful overall - the animations are very good.  The voice over work is very good - I really liked the main character. The gameplay on a computer keyboard is a tad clunky but I got used to it very quickly.  There is nothing that deterred me from being truly engaged in the story of Ronan, the main character - a detective who is murdered while trying to track a serial killer.NOTE: this is an adventure game.  In fact, I'd argue that it's almost an old-school adventure game wrapped up in a shiny, modern day package.  The goal of the game is to gather clues and solve puzzles.  There are a few moments that require stealth: when demons roam the area your character is traversing.  The demons look for ghosts and eat their essence (including Ronan's). But this is not an action game in any way - in fact, you can probably get through the whole game without ever having to fight one of the demons - simply run and hide from them (ok, not always so simply).Even searching for the hidden side quests is entertaining (something I still haven't finished - I'm about 83% of the way there as of my writing this). Scattered throughout the locations are hidden objects that need to be revealed and collected.  Once collecting all of them, you are treated to a ghost story - the history of that particular haunted object.  The ghost stories are well written and well voiced - I would have liked there to be some video or a slide show to go along with them instead of only audio, but I enjoyed them nonetheless.The game is quite inexpensive during Steam's seasonal sales and I highly recommend picking up a copy if you like a good detective story with some simple, but clever puzzle solving.  The game is engaging, the story is well-written, the characters beautifully rendered with excellent acting, and the sets are detailed and moody - perfect for a ghost story. I cannot say enough good things about this wonderful game."
76561198082387203,Recommended,233290,13753258,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ry4n.putra,cool games.
,Recommended,233290,13736566,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Firexcpro,I liked it. Get to play around while looking for some object. Very basic would be better if there was a harder mode and ways of making the investigation harder to figure out.
,Recommended,233290,13737907,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Sepharus,"Life doesn't have to be perfect, it just has be lived."
,Recommended,233290,13739419,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,[MoX]Arken,"Theres no real challenge to the game. The puzzles are pretty easy to solve and the combat is very simplistic. That said, if you take the game to be an interactive story its quite good. I enjoyed that aspect of the game even if the rest didn't add anything spectacular."
,Recommended,233290,13918096,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,KingBigMember,Awesome game for sure
76561198064527406,Not Recommended,233290,13918633,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,TeeLight,"I didn't hate this game. I didn't love it, but I didn't hate it at all. And that says something, sorta. This game has a sort of charm in the same way the second Evil Dead had charm. It wasn't that good, but I couldn't help finding myself enjoying my time with it. The plot is thread bare, the gameplay is awkward, and the graphics aren't all that good considering how much of a resource hog the game is. I really liked the characters though and it was fun finding all the stuff.On the good side of things this game was a nice one to play after I played a series of pretty intense games. There's pretty much no way to get things wrong in this game. Ya' the clues rarely make sense for the problem given, but if you screw up ten times the game doesn't punish you for it. Sort of like a Sesame Street game. Minus Elmo. I also really liked the two main characters and especially their design. They were really poorly written, but I still found them strangely engaging.The technical glitches alone just about killed this game for me. Honestly they are completely unacceptable. There was a little while where I was pretty sure my graphics card was breaking. Turned out that the game just had some part of its code fail. Then the game crashed out of no where a couple of times and towards the end every time I tried to enter the judgement house the game would just stop running. It happened about six times in a row. I tried all kinds of things to make it work. This game was made by a rather large studio with an insane number of people working on it. I really don't get why it runs so poorly. That's ignoring things like major frame rate drops, character shadows appearing in places where there weren't any characters, and collectibles sometimes not appearing. There's no reason to charge money for a game that still has such major glitches in it.Then on top of that is the really awkward game play. I have no idea why they shoe horned in some of the mechanics that they did. The game is at it's best when I'm trying to find clues. It's at it's worst when I'm putting the clues together. The solution rarely made sense. Plus there's the teleporting mechanic that really only serves to pad out the game and the mechanic to find a bunch of the same thing in an area to get a story. The stories were good, and the art with them was worth it, it was just a terrible mechanic to make them an MMO style quest. Collect 14 gas cans to learn about the homeless guy that set himself on fire. Lame. The game would have stood on it's own if it would have just stuck to inspecting areas and making logical decisions based on what you found. Like a good point and click.This game has charm if you like B movies. If it's ever in the 5 dollar range I would say pick it up. With the bugs in the game I think at 5 dollars I could put up with them. Anything higher and I feel cheated. This isn't anything special enough to really make me want to pay more than that at this point. Maybe if they fixed the bugs it could be worth 10 dollars."
76561198021787422,Not Recommended,233290,15584463,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Jewsus,Broken
76561198105513701,Recommended,233290,14841831,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,DayDead,"Just finished this game and I must say it worth its money.My rating: 9,5/10First of all, the Level Design is well layed out with a prety huge map to explore, not to mention that this game is based on exploration. There are many different paths you can take to reach a certain area, the indoor level design is gorgeous, many effects such as lens flares, particles/smoke, cool looking spectral city placed across the map with props all over it and the contrast between colors is tremendous. The more you explore, the more real information about the 1660 time you'll find and secondary cases you need to solve in order to obtain achivements and some creepy stories that are fun to hear or read.Secondly, speaking of textures now, the developers used a really wide range of textures, and the result? The boredom of seeing the same thing over and over again is excluded. Not only did they succeed in creating a sinister environment, but with the accompany of a Various library of sounds , they created a replica of a horror movie inwhich you choose the protagonist's moves.Thirdly, the animations, I must admit, could have been done a lot better. Such automatic, much less cool.Another aspect of the game I want to talk about is the combat system and the enemies. Besides the Killer Bell (the main enemy), are the demons. Yes, it appears that ghosts can be swallowed in by them...who would have thought? To kill one you need to follow this simple step: Go behind it and press the buttons that appears on your screen. Voila you just killed a badass looking demon. There are some demon's spawns on the floor which will make you cast a certain combination of keys the moment you step on it. If you fail, some demonic hands will drag you down (in hell maybe).Encountering a demon will only happen in a specific area full of teleportals. Although I used the Teleportals to travell across the map faster I also used them to hide from demons. They can't sense you in a teleportal.Possesing is a protagonist's ability to read people minds but you can't move with their bodies. Moreover, you can even posses a cat.Nevertheless the story is by far one of my favourites. I bought this game mainly for its level design and for the Dark, sinister and twisted story which caught my attention. You need to take decisions based on what you know so far, based on the recent findings and your logical interpretation.  I won't spoil the story don't worry, you really need to figure it out  yourself.The main character has a easily recognisable visual design and you must admit he's a badass looking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ from the game's poster.All summed up, due to its story, level design including the textures,lighting,particles and lens flares, with a cold heart character I highly recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,233290,15844299,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,✖ Jerry,"I wish pretty let down by this title to be honest. I was sorta hyped and preordered this, thinking that there would be more exploring. I grew bored quickly of it and uninstalled. Eh.."
76561198008192521,Recommended,233290,15781155,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,MegaChiliMac,"Yay+ Good story+ Some really creepy scenes+ You can possess a catBoo- Short- Lame combat with demons- Puzzles were not puzzling- No point to the side quests other than unlocking badgesI enjoyed the story but there isn't much game here.  The main story is fun but short.I list it's short lenght as a negative but really, had the game been any longer things would have felt tedious.I had no interest in completing the side stories. There didn't seem any point.Good, but not great. Glad I didn't pay much. Had fun."
,Not Recommended,233290,13750605,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,BlatBlatBiscuit,"Sadly, even after a pretty decent discounted price, I can not bring myself to recommend this game. It has great production values but fails to land its ending. Murdered: Soul Suspect offers a look into the possible future of adventure mystery games but presents repetitive gameplay and cookie cutter characters. If the developers could have just dove a little deeper below the surface of each, thought through their killer's motives, and removed unnecessary mechanics (stealth segments with demons), the game could have been a solid new game. Get this as cheap as you can. Some aspects are neat but really not worth half its release pricetag.EDIT: An unnecessary apostrophe."
,Recommended,233290,14407164,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,JewOwl,"Fine story ruined by buggy gameplay, weirdest saving mechanism and backtrackings for collectibles."
76561198138964216,Not Recommended,233290,14153891,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,shanice_louise89,Completely unplayable past entering apartment same problem as allot of people wish i googled reviews beforehand doubt ill get a refund save your 20 quid  and steer well clear such a shame looks like a great game!!!!
,Recommended,233290,14156129,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Havok4,This game operates very much in the spirit of old point and click adventure games and is actually quite fun in that context. The ghost like elements are really quite well done.
76561198007518763,Recommended,233290,14139052,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,dagonite,"An interesting foray by square enix into these detective games, this game has an interesting story, Good character definition, an easy interface and a relatively good tempo to it.However, as i base my comparison to my early experience to L.A. noir, i find it falls in the story department, not being as deep or rich or twisting as that game.However, all in all, a very good game well made. highly recommended to afficiandos of plot rich games or detective stories."
,Not Recommended,233290,13573155,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Pink Guy,Game breaking glitch that basically makes you repeat the same mission endlessly ruined the game for me 4 hours in.. still looking for fix..
,Recommended,233290,13593719,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Benny,"This game is excellent. I feel like the devs played a lot of Game Dev Simulator and knew that putting two crazy game categories together sometimes worked wonders. ""Ghost"" and ""detective"" aren't exactly peanut butter and jelly but this ghost detective game kicks♥♥♥♥♥ Sometimes I think that the questions they ask you are meant for 9 year olds but that's okay. With such a gripping story and great gameplay, I'm not complaining!"
76561198034241302,Not Recommended,233290,13582232,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Ramen Ronin,"Main Story = Good, even somewhat emotionally engaging.Gameplay = Boring.  It's not a game it's more like an interactive movie.If you love collecting things and reading with a bit of story alongside, this is your thing.Investigations ask overly obvious questions or make connections with unnecessary information.Main character is incapable of remembering anything on his own or drawing conclusions from his discoveries. Example: Evidence lists name and ocupation of a side character --- Main character has to ask for the name and be told the occupation later.Sob story side quests are not particularly interesting.  There are almost no enemies or danger to be found.Game is:Run from point A to point B, collection junk, hear sob story, answer stupid questions, enjoy tiny story."
,Recommended,233290,13566402,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Rex,This game was probably the best single playered game I played 2014! There is so much ghosting done throughout this game (no pun intended) and the ending hits you like a train. 10/10
,Recommended,233290,13579824,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,LEVLEO,"One of the greateast detective game ever. Maybe even better than detective movies/serials. Sometimes can be spooky. 10/10 story. A lot of plot twists I just love it. Maybe its not a long game, but you can replay this game over and over again, beacose its a great game with best detective story ever. Worth to buy it(if you are'nt a pirate like me)"
76561198125670647,Not Recommended,233290,16822432,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,laila95alharbi,it is not working :((
76561198076598954,Recommended,233290,16479706,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,MangoMushie,TEN OUTA TEN
76561198013434430,Recommended,233290,16481856,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,eygam,"I got the game on sale and I think it was okay, but the full price is ridiculous. I like the game but it's not worth the full price and you should go through more reviews or gameplays even if it's on some 50 % off.I'd say most of the game is okay. And that's exactly the word. It's not great but it's not bad either. The general feeling when you finish the game will probably be something like... yeah, I had fun but it could (and should) have been much more fun.The story is fine but not breathtaking. It uses a lot of clichés but what really makes it dull is that there are too few characters. It's a detective story and you have like two possible suspects, not much mystery there.The detective part is... ehm. You collect clues and then you are supposed to draw some conclusion. Unfortunatelly, all you need to do is to click on the most obvious stuff you can and it's usualy the right answer. Sometimes, you even ""discover"" something you (as a player) must have thought before you started investigating because it's so flippin obvious.The stealth and fights with demons are really easy once you get a hang of it. Not much to say about it, the stealth parts could have been great but they ended up just dull. The demons are really creepy though, they look a bit as if they were dancing... but they wanna eat you... creepy.There are many collectibles. Some of them add to the story, which is great. Each area of the game has a ghost story which plays only if you find all related collectibles. These are great. Unfortunatelly, many collectibles just give you an achievement and that's is annoying. I also ended up with one or two collectibles missing in some catogories which brings me to...The saving system. It works fine, there are autosaves and even if you die, you dont lose much progress. But there is no way to make a hard save and once you reach a certain point in the game, you cannot enter most areas. So if you dont have all collectibles by the endgame, you will not get them unless you play again. And even then you'd have to go through almost the whole game because areas of the game open as you progress in the story.The few puzzles you encounter are really easy. You have some great mechanics (possessing people and cats, messing with electronics to make people move and get you through areas you cannot cross) but the creators really didnt use all the potential. I know puzzles weren't the point of the game but they could have add a lot of fun to the gameplay.I generally enjoyed the game, it's has a lot of genuine creepiness in it and it's mostly fun. But it gets repetitive even of it's a rather short game (I think I have like 12 hours with almost all collectibles, I think people do it faster) and you will be left with the feeling you expected more from it."
76561198050020408,Recommended,233290,16450738,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Twain,A about 10 hours game about exploring the story and collecting collectibles. Bought it during steam summer sale for cheap so it was kinda worth it. The plot is acceptable but nothing absolutely brilliant. No real combat or puzzles for those looking for them.
76561198153403807,Not Recommended,233290,16457582,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Fox main in melee,"oh how i so want to give this a good rating how i do the graphics are pretty good, the storyline and originality is all nicethe character design voice acting isnt as good but its decent but it crashes and gets alot of lag spikes and i know people whould say get a good computer and i have to say: I DID! i swear! i got a great computer! and it still doesnt! i tried everything deleted redownloaded if anyone has any sugestions then i will give this game a positive rating just... please i dont want the crashes or lag spikes anymore!"
76561198038407623,Recommended,233290,16764652,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Jobot,"*Spoilers discussed in review*I can't decide if the story of this game did or did not make up for things I disliked.I enjoyed the side stories and as someone who likes searching every nook and cranny of a world I enjoyed hunting for the extra pieces of evidence and items to find the stories. Sometimes it was frustrating having to be standing right next to something for it to have the option to interact with it but most of the time it was solid.....except once where my game glitched and I had to reload before it would let me interact with anything again. I was also a little annoyed that we couldn't revisit investigations. Again being someone who likes to be thorough, when I noticed I'd accidentally missed a clue out of an investigation you can imagine who annoying that stain on the record was when I realised I couldn't revisit it to find the clue I'd missed. Could not have some ""Recall Investigation"" feature been added?My main gripe about the game was the combat system against the enemies. Using a mouse and keyboard, I really disliked how they used the wasd keys and a left or right button click to dispence of enemies. If I was in a panic, I would have to wait around for ages to go through the malarky of it again hoping I don't miss-click or press the wrong key again. I didn't feel like it was a very rewarding system in that respect and just frustrated me more than anything. The enemies were just an annoyance rather than a ""Alright! Lets deal with these evil demons!""Little disappointed with the ending. I feel like you found out only half of the story...the twist of who the killer was, I thought, was very interesting but they didn't go into it enough at the last minute. I felt through the whole game we didn't have a clue who the killer was and at the end they just went ""Hey lets have this person"". I don't even think I understand why the killer did it. I understand she was murdered for accusing witchcraft...but why had she accused them in the first place? What was her reason for that? The bell didn't really have much significance either. I just feel a bit underwhelmed. I also never appreciate a game which doesn't allow you to skip the credits!Overall, I am glad I played the game (even though it probably doesn't sound like it!) but it was a little....meh. I don't think I'll be playing it again in a hurry to find things I missed."
,Recommended,233290,16764665,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Ptibull,"Linear story driven game, but nice overall experience."
,Recommended,233290,16759466,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,SaNcHeZ,"Murdered: Soul Suspect shows a lot of promise, but falls painfully short of fulfilling it. In its gameplay close more to point and click adventure that to modern action games, relying mainly on case solving by finding needed items in the enviroment and finding out the proper links between them. Beside that its mostly going from A to B and collecting collectibles on the way.So in overall, even if it is not something revolutionary or even really great, it is still fun at some points and the atmosphere is really good. If you can get a hold of it at a discount, it's still worth a buck or two."
76561198083536833,Recommended,233290,18337884,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Censored,"L.A. Noire was worse when it comes to game mechanics in my opinion. This game has some fresh ideas, although some bugs are ovious and challange the atmosphere (ocassionally human NPCs walking through walls just like you). The rating of actually 59/100 is much too low because they really try something refreshing here. Paid reviews and belonging to a bigger company would give this game 75/100"
,Recommended,233290,18337271,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Liverguts,"Not exactly worth 30$, a good play length(4 hours) for what it has to offer. Get it when it's on sale or don't."
,Recommended,233290,18411935,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,zooi,"A story driven exploration game that is easy to play through and serves as a good diversion for a weekend. Lacks any sort of action elements but the gimmick is that you are a ghost and use your powers to solve the mystery. Does enough to keep you interested in the story throughout but don't expect much more. It doesn't have the production value or variation in gameplay to make this a must play but it is perfect to pick up for $15 or less.One for fans of crime mysteries, adventure/exploration games."
,Recommended,233290,18452389,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Deadlykitten,I'm not really good at most games and i spend most of my time being killed and restarting thankfuly this game was challenging but not to the point i wanted to give up and never play it again. The game had a really good story and great game play and i really loved playing it and once you have finished the game you can always go back and hunt down everything you missed the first time around.  :)
,Recommended,233290,18404102,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,bushiwodemingzi,"Murdered: Soul Suspect is by no means a great game, neither is it a bad game. It is relatively short; the storyline takes about 11 or so hours. The gameplay is fairly simple; travel the overworld to the next objective, sneak/stealth past the baddies, then investigate a crime scene. There are a few puzzles here and there, but nothing that is too complicated. There are a few mechanics introduced throughout the game, but nothing too in-depth, which made the gameplay a bit bland. However, since the game is so short, the lack of new/interesting mechanics didn't really matter since even the basic actions I didn't end up using too many times.Overall, I wasn't blown away, but I didn't not enjoy the storyline. If the following is true: you want a quick game for the weekend, it's on sale, you don't want anything overcomplicated, and you've played through everything else in your library; then this would be a decent game. If you are looking for anything in-depth or with a in-depth storyline, steer clear of this one."
,Recommended,233290,18293837,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,PsyKoPeeR,"Good Game if you like paranormal things! But... 8 hrs to finish it.No real replayability. I have 63% of achivments but it's not a complete open world so I can go back to the last checkpoint if I want and, instead of ending the game, go wherever I must to take missing items and then get 100% achievments ... OR ... completely replay the same game by collecting more stuff before finishing every missions .... Not really what I want to do. So I've just uninstalled the game and, as the save is on steam cloud (good move), I will replay it one day... In some years, giiving me the time to forget the story.SO, if you decided to buy the game, just put it in your Wishlist and wait for it to be $ 5-10. I agree to say that a game must be $ 1 per hour to be worth it.Have fun! It's a fun, easy, paranormal ambiance if you feel for not too much action. I give it 7.5 / 10."
,Recommended,233290,18099619,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Follows-Chalk,"An exciting game! The plot, the characters and the town made the game very interesting as they are all well put together. The very ending was mind blowing!"
,Recommended,233290,18211600,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Blind,Murdered: Soul Suspect? More like Murdered: Self Respect10/10
76561197982361966,Recommended,233290,18200253,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,R3vSt3r,Very good game. I enjoyed playing it and it had a good story.
76561198022227036,Recommended,233290,30519330,Posted: 14 March,all,rmp,"The game starts with your character being killed by a serial killer and you become a ghost needing to resolve your murder before he can 'move on'.  As you investigate the killer, you'll also help a girl that the killer is looking for (a medium who can see and hear ghosts).As a ghost, you get to do some neat tricks: pass through some walls, teleport short distances, possess people to read their minds, poltergeist objects. My favorite was possessing cats. It's too bad some of these weren't fleshed out a bit more, as they sound more interesting than they actually are in the game.The main danger to your character are demons that can kill you. You can kill the demons by sneaking up behind them and killing them with a keyboard and button click combo. You don't have much time to do it so the potential to screw it up is not high but still there. Mess it up and you're probably reloading. The threat is mostly when there are two demons in close proximity to each other. One will see you trying to sneak up on the other.When you investigate a scene, you get enough information that will lead you somewhere else. You go there, investigate, and that leads to your next destination again. Rinse and repeat. You can't get the investigations wrong and you'll keep looking for clues until the game says you've found enough. Even the dialogs with characters, you don't choose what to say, you only choose the order in which you'll say it. You can wander around the town and do a few side quests (helping other ghosts) but the town is not very big and there is not a whole lot to do other than travel to your next main objective. The progression is very linear. It would have made a good movie.Despite the shortcomings, I enjoyed the atmosphere and story. The mystery around the killer and the murders were great and had me hooked to the end."
,Recommended,233290,18571467,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,LHRobs,"A story-rich experience, with a high dramatic intensity. Those are all the words needed to describe this game, and all that you might want from it. Being an average-budget, not AAA-wannabe game, I wasn't expecting too much, and I got exactly that. You can see from the setting, the story and the mechanics that this game' size isn't so big, neither it pretends to be. But you can also understand from the very beginning that the developers did the best with everything they had, even on the technical side (yes, even if it is locked at 30 FPS and may look like a console-to-pc porting, when maxed it looks very good). The soundtrack is good, the ambient sounds are good, even the lighting is pretty damn good and they all do their part in creating a creepy enough atmosphere in which the player has to wisely move. Buy this game for a few bucks and spend some good late afternoons with it, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,233290,18562102,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Poisonous,"This game surprised me. I picked it up while it was on sale but didn't play it for a long time, skeptical of the concept and unwilling to believe the ""very positive"" reviews, especially considering the game has poorer reviews outside of Steam. It was a bit short for $30, though that's relatively reasonable considering how much traditional games cost these days.The game surprised me, anyway. I found it pretty darn spooky, and the mechanics were all unique enough that it didn't just feel like typical action game. Expect it to be campy, don't expect it to be terribly long, and you should have a lot of fun (and maybe wet yourself once or twice)."
76561198104983344,Recommended,233290,18306472,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,great.wyrm.green.dragon,"Not only is solving the series of murders in this game interesting, but the game is also full of fun encounters and thoughful scenarios.  The storyline has many twists and turns and no one can be totally certain who the ""murderer"" is until the very end.  Solving the case leads well into the game's environment, and one learns a lot about the history of witch trails in the USA and their societal considerations by playing this game."
76561198038353349,Recommended,233290,18654443,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,fleabag,This was a great game to play through. Not very much for the game itself as it is very linear but the story is really good and gripping if you let it be
,Recommended,233290,17868220,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,nuckflesh,"You can play as a spooky ghost for the entire game.You can also play as a cat posessed by the spooky ghost.You can't walk through all the walls, just some of them.7/10"
76561198004749187,Not Recommended,233290,18118014,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Lya,"Pros:* Decent story (although highly linear)* Dark atmosphere* Good voice acting* Engaging side cases where you feel for the characters and genuinely want to help* You get to possess and control a cat!Cons:* Irritating demon combat encounters (basically, sneak up, QTE, rinse and repeat ... )* Glitches - clipping, and one instance of freezing, which meant I had to restart and get all the collectibles AGAIN (no quick save feature. Auto saves only during main mission, not in town)* Speaking of which, I didn't find the collectibles worth it. Unlocks one illustration & draggy narration of a mini-story. I stopped bothering after a while, and I'm usually a completionist.* Repetitive dialogue from people you possess so why bother?* Many clues are unnecessary or illogical and thus a waste of time* The writing is dull at best and sometimes ridiculous* Riddled with cliches/nothing really original* Uninspired level and NPC design* No real rewards or motivation other than to unmask the killer. Even gaining new abilities mostly just helps in getting collectibles.Overall, this game equals wasted potential and too much plowing between points of interest. It was an interesting concept, but many of the devs' decisions made the game tedious and annoying. Personally, I was happy to have it over and done with."
,Recommended,233290,13600197,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,FALLENGAMING949,Great works well Game is well placed
,Recommended,233290,13600396,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,suroh7,"Very good cinematic and story. I enjoyed this game a lot. It was very immersive.But, as a minus, if you played it once you don't feel the need to replay it. The entire mistery is gone and it's not fun anymore.I recommend this game if you catch it at an offer under 10 EUR. It's worth playing it once."
,Not Recommended,233290,13338060,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,EMBelt,"""...a game that tries far too hard to be likable...""This game is that of a failed attempt at greatness. The entire time playing, you get the sense that the story is there to try to elicit some emotion from the player. The problem is that the subtle nuance and grace that would create such feeling is missing. As a result you get something that simply feels unfinished. It's like a game that tries far too hard to be likable. Everywhere you turn the areas feel as if they've been patched together with duct tape and bailing wire. The best thing I can say for this game is that it's a good waste of time if you have nothing better to do. I bought it on sale for less than half the going rate at the time and, after playing it, I can honestly say that I would have spent not a cent more on this title had I known what lied therein.All that being said, the voice acting is quite acceptable and the story is engaging enough to allow you to finish the game. The gameplay is unique for a time but becomes tedious and downright boring as the game wears on. With a bit more variety in gameplay, and bit more thought in plot development, this game could have been a diamond in the rough. Though as it stands, it is nothing more than an unfulfilled dream... and it shows."
,Recommended,233290,13936604,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,GoggleCandy#1966,"The positives first. I became very invested in every side story, mission, and every piece of lore presented. I enjoyed the universe it presented and the investigative segments were enjoyable. The different ghost abilities made me feel surprisingly powerful yet I was still grounded in the reality that I'm in danger still being in the living world.There were a few things that keep this from being a glowing review. While the pits of lost souls helped to guide the player and kept a sense of danger, the roaming demon segments were unnecessary and took me out of what I was doing. I don't want to play a combination of Assassin's Creed + quick time events in my investigation game. When one of these would begin, I often felt disconnected from the narrative and did not want to continue playing. Additionally, the MAIN story (not side stories) weas rather predictable as it went on and I did not feel engaged in continuing for that. I continued for my side content. So while I will recommend it, it is beause I want to see more of this genre and I want it to be perfected in the future."
76561198061003394,Recommended,233290,13464757,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,screamsoutloud23,"This game isn't exactly hard, but it definitely has an interesting storyline. The gameplay is pretty smooth and I loved the ghost stories collectibles."
76561198046807659,Recommended,233290,13561782,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Scuba Steve,"Very well written game, although it is entirely too short even if you decide to get the collectable things and do the side missons."
,Not Recommended,233290,13566938,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,sabishii,"press start screen doesn't work, tried every key and buttonwaste of money"
,Recommended,233290,13557301,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,brunchero,"I enjoyed the game, and I don't blame it for being short, allowing me to finish it on a weekend or something, especially when bought for 75% sale price.The one thing I dislike in those explore-collect checkpoint adventure games is, that triggering the final chapter prevents you from going back and finish you collection. You can only replay the finale with that autosave."
,Not Recommended,233290,13560952,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,reg1569,"Repetitive, predictable and short"
,Not Recommended,233290,13561284,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Xavov,"I would only recommend this shoddy excuse for a game during a sale. The game treats you like you are the world's biggest idiot the whole game. Look around a crime scene pick out the most important detail. If you get it wrong the first time it doesn't matter because there isn't an apparent penalty for being wrong other than a red flash and something along the lines of ''No. I need to find something that would actually help me figure this out. I'm a moron for thinking this could help."" It literally feels like an indy game with the gameplay of a flash game but with the graphics of a good game... speaking of graphics... hope you dont have a♥♥♥♥♥♥computer like me, or else you are going to wait 2 minutes for every cinematic to load on the lowest quality setting... Do you know how many cinematics this game had? Alot. Literally the only two reasons I kept playing it to the end was because I spent 30 bucks on it like an idiot and because I kind of wanted to watch the story. It sucks that this writing staff made such a great story, but the people who decided on game mechanics were like... this game is going to be played by 5 year olds right? I mean Jesus Christ! It never gets any harder than the begining. And just when something different happens: I won't spoil what it is, you realize that its just a crappy last minute add in to the... movie... im just gonna call it a playable movie... thats what it is. So I guess if you like movies, murder mysteries, have a good computer, and don't mind being treated with the intellegence of a newborn lemur then this game is for you. Otherwise... please buy it on a sale and don't make the same mistake i did."
,Recommended,233290,14198549,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,ThatPazuzu,"This game is far from perfect, but it's unique enough and engaging enough that Ireally reccomend it, especially if there's a sale or something"
76561197997671579,Not Recommended,233290,14200418,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Clegg,"Overwhelmingly mediocre.Interesting moment near the beginning though in which the game seems to sympathise with an older couple who murdered a young partying girl; after this is revealed to her, she says something along the lines of, ""Hmm.  Maybe I should have lived my life differently.""4/10 - Scared straight!"
76561197995128738,Not Recommended,233290,14278192,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Shake Zula,"The first rule of any mystery is to have a compelling mystery.  I couldn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥who killed me -- in fact, I was kind of glad, because the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC sucks."
76561198045073128,Recommended,233290,13969998,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,ROMERO,"its a great game. something fresh, it is easy admittingly, hovewer it makes u wanna keep playing. i spent 8 hours and it is a  little bit short in my opinion. after u done the story there is not much to do. that surprising end tho... 7,5/10"
,Not Recommended,233290,14214646,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,MaurhiEX,"Just finished the game... and it wasn't good, the game overall isn't really good, but to be honest isn't bad either, but on the same note i wouldn't recommend it, at least not for more than 10 bucks, and ONLY if you like graphics adventures and/or detective games, but it doesn't shine in any of those genres.There are no really puzzle in the game, all you do is collect evidence and try to make sense out of it, there are a lot of collectibles too, but that's not something good either."
,Not Recommended,233290,14219752,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Sleazy Martinez,I really wanted to like this game. The concept was really cool. Unfortunately it seems everything was an after thought. NPCs are extremely annoying.
76561198007815348,Recommended,233290,11505995,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Arbalest,"I liked the game, the story was excellent -if a bit short- and the visuals were great.I liked the setting of there being two parallel worlds, the mortal and the dead..I loved posessing cats :DTHERE IS A SPECIAL PLACE IN HELL RESERVED FOR THE F**CKER WHO CAME UP WITH THE CONTROLS WHEN BANISHING DEMONS!! with many demons and even more keyboard compos..."
,Recommended,233290,11612085,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,CheyBear,unfortunately i can't play the game on my pc. for some reaso it shuts down every time i enter the apartments for the first time.  i've tried re-installing the game and resetting everything in it. there's nothing that seems to be working.
76561198049752896,Not Recommended,233290,11626756,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Curious,Do not waste your money this game does not work. Crashes foor 80% of people after the first case. Check out the forum before buying.
,Recommended,233290,11573196,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Avezzz,"I really don't see why this game got so much hate.Sure, It is a little overpriced.But that doesn't make the game bad, I actually had a lot of fun in Murdered: Soul Suspect.Pros:-Nice Plot Twist at the end-The music fitted certain events-Demons added a good horror elementCons:-Demons got annoying after a while-Textures were a bit choppy at times-Some clues were too hard to findI give this game: 8.5/10"
76561198010240298,Not Recommended,233290,11577611,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,seMMic,"Slow and frustrating gameplay, mechanics are annoying and a cliche story on top... The tattooes in the first movie are pretty cool though.."
,Recommended,233290,11812836,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Gongon,"Murdered: Soul Suspect is a story-driven game in which you take on the role of a recently deceased detective named Ronan. The basic gameplay consists of exploring your surroundings, searching for clues at crimescenes and piecing together the sequence of events based on the clues you have gathered. Also, going through walls is really neat.As you follow the trail of your killer you explore Salem to pick of trace memories of your life, help other lost souls ""move on"" and possess living being either to influence or read their minds (this sounds more awesome than it is in the game, and is only rarely useful/amusing).The combat in the game adds nothing to the gameplay and seems to only serve as a way to extend the length of the game. Fortunately there aren't that many combat sequences, but I still feel the game could have done without them.The main characters of the game are generally well motivated and fleshed out, but I feel the developers could have made better use of the mind-read ability to let us have a greater look into the supporting casts state of mind. They already established the mechanics, why not make use of them.Storywise there aren't really the biggest surprises, but it is coherently told and an enjoyable experience (in such a way the themes touched upon in the game can be considered enjoyable). The real draw of the game, for me at least, was figuring out the background of Ronan and his relationship with Julia. All their small victories.Finally, I have some technical issues at some points like the sound of cinematics coming from my speakers and all other sound coming from my headset and a point where no key I pressed registered in the game, but other than that a decent port. One thing though, unskippable intros and credits IS NOT OKAY!In short, if you like story-driven games where the characters are the focus, you might enjoy this game. If you're looking for a game with lots of action where you possess people and take over their bodies, look elsewhere."
76561198012825643,Recommended,233290,11012947,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,vipro255,"Overall, I really enjoyed the game.  The storyline was very good and kept me playing.  The concept was different, with a ghost solving his own murder.  I also enjoyed the historical aspect of the game, delving deep into the Salem Witch Trials.  Sometimes it was a little annoying, like having to hide and kill demons."
,Not Recommended,233290,11060646,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Zardoz Xerxes,"Back hand clapping...I had to give up playing this today after the 30th time of trying to execute the same demon and forgetting that (unlike any other game) you have to hold the button down. For me this game is an endless cycle of: sneak up behind demon, press execute button, run away because ""I"" let them go (i.e. forgot to hold the button)...No option...Why for the love of god did they not include an auto hold on execute option in controls?! This awful command system is a game ruiner and all the hard work put into this game amounts to nothing because of it. It's very sad because I was enjoying the game. I have no problem sneaking up behind the demons but then in the heat of the moment I forget that it has a weirdly unique and bizarrely abnormal control system that has never been used in any other game.3rd Party software needed?The only way I could play this was if I used a program like xpadder to make the button toggle or hold for a time, but having to use 3rd party software to overcome a badly thought out and poorly implemented control system is ridiculous (for a 3rd person game, not a flight sim).No patch?If they make a patch I for this I might play it but since having an unplayable game taking up lots of space on my hdd is a stupid idea,  I will be uninstalling it and wont know if there is a patch because I am not going to bother checking (in much the same way they didn't bother putting an alternative to their useless command system)."
,Recommended,233290,11060684,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Jfrck,"I loved this game from start to finish.  It can be a bit easy at times, but if you go hunting and find all the side stories (I almost got all of them), there is a lot of stories to enjoy.  What I enjoyed the most was that the story had me guessing the entire way."
76561198021487969,Recommended,233290,11204231,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Randomosity,"First of all, if you're looking for something unique to play that doesn't involve zombies or first-person shooting, then this should be right up your alley. Sure Murdered: Soul Suspect has it's flaws, but otherwise it's definitely an interesting murder-mystery with a side of ghosts and demons.The things that I liked:The graphics and voice acting was very good, better than some of the more well-known games. All of the characters had distinguishing features like freckles and blemishes. It was easier to care about the characters when they don't all have the same wooden faces when afraid.The story itself was interesting, maybe a little predictable at times, but there are still a few twists at the end. Investigating the crime scenes reminded me of L.A. Noire, and some of the puzzles were a little tricky, but nothing that couldn't be solved through trial and error. I also like the open world and how I could explore without automatically being pushed into the next misson.Now the things I didn't care for:As many people have stated, the saving system is one of the things that bring down this game. You can only have one save file, and there isn't anyway to backtrack to a previous chapter or mission. Even though it warns you at the end that you can't return to Salem, I feel like I should've gotten a warning at the museum since you can't go back for any missed artifacts. I might have been able to forgive this , if I was able to go back to a previous save. So really if you missed anything at the museum or Judgement House, you're out of luck. While I enjoyed Murdered, it didn't really have much replay value. Even though I wanted the artifacts and achievements, I didn't feel compelled to play again.I also have to agree that the demons are repetitive and somewhat tedious. While it was a good idea, the execution wasn't so good. They were more of a hindrance than a threat. The button pressing to destroy them can be awkward, and is one of the reasons why I died so much. Along those same lines, getting artifacts can also be awkward, as I found one clue, but I had to walk around it for five minutes, finding the perfect angle before I could pick it up.Overall, I enjoyed this game, and would recommend it. Yes, it is rather short, but still takes up some of your time. Even though I wished I wished I had waited until it was on sale, I don't regret buying this."
76561198076123272,Recommended,233290,11342550,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,millerandmolson,So far this game is very good.  It's a great detective game with a supernatural twist.  You are playing as Ronan who is now a ghost and he is trying to solve his own murder.  It's a great concept and very well done.  You search for clues in the different environments while avoiding or destroying demons.  You also have some side quests to do which involve helping lost souls pass on.  All in all I am very pleased with the game and glad I was able to pick it up during the summer sale.The only issue I have is there is no save feature.  It is auto saved so if you want to stop playing you have to get to a check point before you can stop or you will lose all your progress.
76561198039940142,Not Recommended,233290,11330801,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,TeMpEsT,"Don't get me wrong, this is an awesome freaking game, and everything looks totally amazing, The thing is.....its to easy....and WAY to short, making it easy to figure out where the stories going as it rapidly proceeds to the conclusion of the mystery, giving you awswers for questions that give away ending before each discovery, all because then game....seems very rushed....with very little to collect....and little to complete....with a very small area to rome. It was all just way....way....to simple tasks you need to do to beat the game, If it was longer.....Much MUCH longer....and wasn't so incredibley unchallenging to beat.  It would be totally awesome.DO NOT BUY THIS AT ITS CURRENT PRICE, ITS WAY TO SHORT TO BE 50 bucks, so wait till it get cheapened up before buying this."
,Recommended,233290,14434161,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Tropical Tacos,"Awsesome experience. This game Is basically a controlable movie but let me say that never have I enjoyed an experience like this one. I didn't want to leave my desk I was so into the story. Ronan though being dead is one of the most amazing protagonists in a game ever. He's cool, tough but also has this sarcastic side that makes him seem so much cooler.Favourite line in a video game ever: ""You have the right to remain silent, any cop you throw out a window will come back and kick your♥♥♥♥♥"""
,Not Recommended,233290,14448237,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Glen Chico,If you're even modestly sober you'll guess the ending about two hours in. Past the mid point the game is mired in cliches and irritatingly lazy game design. 5 dollars was almost too much.
,Not Recommended,233290,14448393,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Nico~Nico~Tiiiine,If you've ever heard about Salem or witches you'll solve the mystery before any of the characters do and get to watch them clod around for hours while you enjoy the♥♥♥♥♥♥gameplay
,Recommended,233290,14452542,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,ビバップ,"Murdered: Soul Suspect was a good game.It wasn't here to be revolutionary, just a simple detective RPG.Graphics were not anything special, but they certainly weren't bad.Most of the setting was nice to look at for the most part.The atmosphere added a lot to the gameplay, although it would have been nice to see a change in scenery.The game was free roam to an extent, mainly in the main town which could get old very fast.The game was similar to the series made by telltale games, gameplay was obviously different, but a lot of aspects of the game seemed to take similar form.I enjoyed the plot, it wasn't particularly gamechanging but it was worth it for the unexpected ending.The ending was one that suddenly revealed an entire subplot that I wasn't entirely aware of until the end.Overall a decent game, the idea was good, it was a little rough around the edges, but it stayed consistent in gameplay and story.7/10Pros:Semi-free roam, not incredibly restrictive.Reminiscent of the Telltale game franchises.Plot is well developed, good backstory.Side-quests are fun little extras, each comes with a cutscene which is fun to watch.You can teleport and possess cats.Cons:Occasional lag during and after certain cutscenes. (i5, GTX 760)Combat is more of a chore than a challenge.Collectables are just out and about, only a portion are really hidden.Some parts of the gameplay that just make you say, ""What?""A lot of useless ghost remnants.Nitpicks:Voices were synced in close-up shots, desynced in distance shots.Teleporting was good when needed but a bit awkward in general.Cat possession could bug out sometimes.If you want to 100% this you should look at doing it in one run, you have to replay the whole game if you missanything.The objectives during certain quests weren't always the most obvious as they were in other parts of the game, and led to some sprinting around in circles searching for the last clues."
76561198004776392,Not Recommended,233290,14573473,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,xenopsyllus,"I rather enjoyed the different take on an adventure/investigative gamQT-EVENT YOU DIED.Yep, that about sums up the game. Casual exploration punctulated by randomised, multi-button QT events that give less than a one second window to figure out which of the non-reassignable keys the game picked and press them together before you're punted back to the last place the game felt like auto-saving.A couple of times having to repeat 10+ minutes of investigation/exploration because I couldn't pass the twitch test at the end and I deleted the game."
76561198100287172,Recommended,233290,14641099,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,heathfeath49,"This game is amazing if you're looking for an engaging story and a few chills down your spine! If you are a player who likes to have multiple ways of going about a specific task or mission this game may not be for you. I loved the concept of playing as a ghost and, though the game doesn't fully take advantage of that fact, it was fun to mix things up."
76561198067127545,Recommended,233290,14280182,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Kinky-Rock,"Scary: No. I played the whole thing myself, being a scaredy cat, that really shows it wasn't scary.Combat: Little, not challenging.Story: short but 'twas alrightoverall 6.0/10 Buy for 5-10 bucks"
76561198033151940,Recommended,233290,14293743,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Dee,"I dont understand the score of metacritic. Game got some problems like ingame menu doesnt work properly,lot of crashes (dont know why all games in my librery works without problems) and also i dont like system of checkpoints. Looks bad for the game. But Its not so bad when you realize that there is good mystery story (its not a horror for which im a glad because     i dont like horrors too much),looking good design and fair atmosphere, good working detective system.If the game is in sale , definitely worth of buying if you like mystery ghost stories.   7/10"
,Recommended,233290,14411995,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Humanoid,"I love this game to bits already and I am barely even into it. But by far, possessing cats is the most fun and would definitely count as a Cat Simulator 2014/15. Also, the graphics are beautiful as always. <3"
76561198043114698,Recommended,233290,14412303,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Pru_Gen,Murdered soul suspect was a change for  the square enix games released  last year  looking into a genre they didnt get into before. i loved the  detective aspect of the missions you were playing and the game seemed very dark  with twists in  the story as you near the end of the game. but as much has i liked this game i hated the back tracking and missing side missions  because they were hard to find at times. another thing that aint me was that they ended it  open for another game if they wanted too. But with all that i enjoyed this game and think you should check it out when it goes on sale i ended paying full price when it came out which i  highly regretted.
76561198043902949,Not Recommended,233290,14414591,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,smiggie balls,"Repetitive beyond reason.I don't mind games that make you think and ponder in order to proceed... But this isn't one of those games, despite trying to be. Throughout the game, you come across mysterious scenarios where you have to solve a person's death. You do this by walking around and finding clues. In theory. But in practive you just end up mashing the X button (I play with a controller) until something happens. It's tedious, and boring.I've only played a few hours of it but I'm over it already. I wish I could get a refund.4/10"
76561198006812933,Recommended,233290,14417359,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Axeman,"You are a recently deceased detective, who has to solve his own murder.I would say this game is a graphical adventure with exploration and lots of collectibles, and a few (very light) stealth combat parts.It has a great ambience, cool characters and a good story, which surprised me at the end.It doesn't have many side quests, and the rewards for completing them aren't precisely rewarding.It's a short story, which I completed in 7 hours, but i skipped most of the collectibles and side quests. It doesn't have difficulty leveles or replay value.I would surely recommend it, but only if it is on sale."
76561198119480552,Recommended,233290,14421109,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Jak957,"This game all togehter was very well built. It has stunning visuals, and a good story line. There is a gameplay feel similar to those of the taletail game series, minus the freedom of choices you can make. It took me around 9 hours to beat the game, and that was me trying to be a collection ♥♥♥♥♥ in the game. Final verdict of the game would be a 7/10. Highly recomended if you loved Heavy Rain or games simlar to it."
,Recommended,233290,13330633,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Squashbuckler,"This is an interesting game which follows through the footsteps of a murdered protagonist who is now seeking answers in the reasons for his death.The game plays out in a similiar fashion to L.A noire, but the ""detective"" work is simplistic. I enjoyed the storyline and cinematics, but this isnt really a""game"" per se. You walk around, uncover items, solve very simplistic ""puzzles""(very loosely used).It is an interactive story that will give you about 9 hours of an interesting story as a ghost looking for his killer.A very cool ending that nicely pulled everything together. Im glad I finished this game.Not bad for a sale day."
,Recommended,233290,13845719,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Cannon Fodder,"It has been too long since I have not only enjoyed myself with a story driven game to see it through to the end, but to also play it in binge sessions rather than sleep. The gameplay can be simplistic at times but the mechanics never stopped being enjoyable."
,Recommended,233290,13687835,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,John Gischala,One of the best video game I played this year. my game of the year.
,Recommended,233290,13681082,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Rudash,Cat Simulator 2014.
76561198016003941,Recommended,233290,13693588,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,jdgonzo82,"this game was better than I thought it would be which is why i wanted to do a quick review for anyone who sees this in the sale. similar to LA Noire (not as tricky by far) and also Alan Wake (minus the decent action elements). the story is good although it does start off a bit cliched. the characters are decent and by the second half you should be guessing who the ""bad guy"" is. it is a bit short, some say only 6 hours but it took me just over 8 and I missed a few bits of the story (managed by picking up items around the map.) Overall, it was a nice experience with a small drop of original game play...kinda (I'll just say CAT for now, don't want to spoil it). Worth picking up in the sale for £5-10...6.5/10"
,Recommended,233290,13697803,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,BJennyC,"Good game. Good story. Not a horror game, more of a ghost story. Pretty straight forward, but things to explore and collect, which will unlock interesting side stories (not missions). It's a console port, noticeably in the menus, but runs quite smoothly (some frame drops here and there, but not too bad). High mouse sensitivity and I think mouse acceleration that can't be turned off. Approximately 10 hours with collectables. Recommended if you want a game with ghosts and an interesting story."
,Recommended,233290,13826711,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Infelity,"Loved the game. You can have your time with it, no time pressure except with one scene, but by that time you already got the feeling and are cruising through the time pressure with ease.The scenery, atmosphere and music was great, not to mention the main story and sub-stories.My PC wasn´t the best so it made me hate the demons, I could never eliminate them. Luckily they take their time to kill you so you are able to run away from them :)Mostly everything is solveable if you know all the functions (like ""remove""). I was half way through the game when I realized there is also the option for ""remove"" which is crucial to get all the archievements.Perhaps the only negative side on it was that I would have wished the game would have lasted longer. But it was a great purchase till it lasted :)"
,Not Recommended,233290,14532571,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,kaanyzb,"games credits are way longer than game itself. I just waited so long in the end that maybe something will show up, like extra episode etc.  but nothing."
76561198059362199,Recommended,233290,14539367,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Nietczh,suprisingly good
,Recommended,233290,13468210,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,HGenzo,"5 hours in and I'm loving it. Something is wrong with metacritic because the score should be higher and this game deserves it.+ Story-driven game+ Excellent voice-acting+ Interesting back-story+ Great ""supernatural"" feel, theme and UI- Combat can be improved- NPCs should have more clothes because they all look the same!- NPC dialogues could have been more instead of just 2-lines- At least let players skip repeated-dialoguesLike the other reviewers wrote, ghosts have unlimited cigarettes!7/10"
,Recommended,233290,13698998,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Znippy  ツ,Pro:-Super good story-Interesting setting-A lot of collectingCon:-Bit short (~6h for me)
,Not Recommended,233290,11551134,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Cygon,"What a bugfest.While I wasn't exactly keen on exploring the silly superstitions of American ghost folklore (souls, ghosts, mediums, poltergeists, imprints, psychic profilers and demons, every imaginable nonsense can be found in here), and the story was the 1.000.000th retelling of the bad-aşs criminal-turned-good guy fighting for his lost love story, and the gameplay consisted of walking around, walking around and pressing W when told to press W and pressing Shift+D when told to press Shift+D, it was borderline entertaining.It got slightly less entertaining when quicktime events stopped telling me which keys to press.And it completely stopped being entertaining when Joy (the protagonist's companion) stopped at a door, waiting for some guys to walk away before continuing. Except that they had already gone, so the script never triggered. After 5 hours of playing, I ended up with a broken save that was unrecoverable.And don't get me started on ridiculous mouse settings, normal, living people walking through walls and floors and stupid level design (4 story building: 1 staircase from level 1 to level 2. Cross whole building. Another staircase from level 2 to level 3. Cross whole building. Another staircase from level 3 to level 4. Anyone living on level 4 requires 15 minutes just to get to the front door. Just like in real life!).In overall, I want my 5 hours back."
76561198004898587,Recommended,233290,11551702,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Friendly Fire,"Really enjoying the story and the mystery of it all, but be prepared for the most frustrating ""combat"" ever!!"
,Recommended,233290,11552992,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Tookan,"Sooo dark and creepy (at some points :D ), but very addictive and interesting... :D"
76561198093928152,Recommended,233290,11553408,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Xxphoenix86xX,"This has got to be the best, and i mean best mystery game i have ever played, amazing graphic's, and a great story line."
76561198014583906,Not Recommended,233290,11554524,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Radoslaus,"I'm afraid I can't quite recomend this game, at least not untill it costs more than 20 pounds.Whilst graphics and sounds are good the gameplay is short and not entirely engaging. It's an interesting however linear story fit for a film not a video game. It takes around 5 hours to finish it and unless you really want to colect everything there is to find in it there is simply no replayability.All in all it enjoyable, but only once and not for the current price I'm afraid."
76561198035855384,Not Recommended,233290,11556410,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,RollyChair,The plot is kinda ok but the gameplay is boring and repeative and there is no real challenge to anything. The investigations require obvious answers or the answers are not even realated to the question. The game lags and has a lot of bugs. Dont pay for this game. Just watch a walkthrough on youtube to get the plot and save yourseof 50 bucks. Playing it would make on difference then just wathing a walkthrough.
,Recommended,233290,11528843,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,LinoleumKnife86,"This is the rare game that has problems you could count off on your fingers--flaccid visual design, overly dramatic score, underdeveloped characters--but that overcomes its missteps to provide an adventure laced with the empathy of a human-interest story and the constant dread of a well-realized ghost tale."
76561198003031325,Not Recommended,233290,11076532,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,{PØN} Gallowsway,"Lots of ambition, poor implementation.What initially drew me in was the premise of the game:  A murder mystery ghost story who-done-it.  Instead, you find yourself trapped in a luke warm, predictable storyline with little flair.The investigation system, the setting and the like?  They are good ideas poorly implemented.There's only ever one soulution for each investigation, you know exactly how many clues they are, and it's very easy to figure out what happened in each situation before you conclude each investigation.  Solving a case means finding all the clues and then selecting the ""correct"" ones to move on.  The only difficulty in each investigation comes from trying to figure out which clues the developers wished you to reference in each investigation (the objectives aren't always clear).  After a few investigations, you pick up how the devs intended things to go, and it's basically a no-brainer from there.There's much more that I could go on about:  enemy encounters that can't decide if they are confrontational or stealth based, the very limited ""open"" world, and more.  Instead, let's take a look at what might have been.  The most depressing fact about the game is that you can easily see how this could have been a much better, very different game if they simply refined the experience.  Imagine:  a realized world with multiple fully fleshed out characters and places to explore.  Imagine:  being able to guess incorrectly on an investigation and wasting precious time following a false lead while there's a killer on the loose.  Imagine:  characters changing (killed, alienated and the like) based on your decisions.  Imagine:  multiple endings based on the decisions you've made.  Imagine:  meaningful sidequests that, while optional, might also give you access to different powers, resources and people.All of that just serves to make the whole experience more depressing.  If I could think this up not even halfway through the game, how could have the developers missed an opportunity like this?  Lack of budget/time/inspriation/testing?  Such a wasted opportunity!"
,Recommended,233290,10679944,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Florus,"This is a different take on the action adventure genre. Its more about the clues and the story than its about the action. Sure there is some, but not much. So if you're craving a an action!-adventure you wont find it in here. What you will find is plenty of exploring, reading and watching rendered cutscenes. The environment is pretty immersive and the gameplay mechanics are very fitting of this game. Everything is explained in-universe, so you're never lost in this who-dun-it storyline. Sound and graphics are top-notch.Highly recommended for Adventure with a Story lovers."
76561198045048426,Not Recommended,233290,11332221,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,DJRS,"I am very disappointed. The game play is very slow and progression is linear (a, then b, then c - cant do d without c) which causes you to go in circles.  Keyboard commards are cumbersom and frustrating.  I wish I could have gotten my money back."
,Recommended,233290,13245154,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Connesstar,"Really solid story.. Not much action, but it doesn't need it."
76561198070879619,Recommended,233290,14174671,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,GTStone,"This is one of the rare instances where finishing the game leaves me with the same feeling as finishing a good book. There was so much to keep me interested in the story; the history of the town, the plaques, the various ghost stories, that every collectible seemed valuable. There was nothing I was gathering that was going to give me a preposterous Western-themed in-game costume or a new gun or some flashy-yet-useless ghost-power. They all just added layers to the story of the game. I completed all achievements not because I cared, just because I wanted to know more about everything.The gameplay itself was not overly complicated, but it was rewarding. If you take the detective work from L.A. Noire and strip out the gimicky facial-tic rendering and the occasional schizophrenic-Cole freakouts, you have Ronan's basic mystery-solving kit. Look around, analyze details, put clues together. Throw in some of the more entertaining mechanics for stealth or getting around from The Novelist to help navigate a Salem layered with history, and I made it through the game in short order without ever getting bored.More games should be like this. All the depth and thought that goes into a walking simulator to create a rich and fascinating game world. Enough gameplay to keep you engaged without shoehorning in reasons to use their Advanced Ducking-Behind-Dumpsters technology. A character covered with tattoos that don’t grant magical powers, only capture memories or tell stories (much like real ink), whose only weapons the entire game are lost during and just before the opening cut-scene. Enough story to make everything incredibly gratifying through to the end. I only wish I would have known earlier how good it was: I would have paid full price right when it came out instead of waiting for a sale, to help drive home the point of just how much I would love to play more games like this."
76561198031195952,Not Recommended,233290,14328710,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Descartes,"Linier and NOT exciting at all. The story is way way too slow for my taste and the charactors do not make you want to be a part of it. For me, this game lacked the emersion that I enjoyed in games ""like"" it.  I would not recommend this game unless you've already played everything else available on Steam and this game was free. BORING."
76561198065369635,Recommended,233290,13855091,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Mortimer,"Great graphics, interesting plot but solves quite too easy. The game simply tells you what to do.  You can however roam anywhere you like for as long as you wish, but you will have to get back to the road that the game showed you right before you took off wandering.It is my first detective type kind of game in the recent 15 years. Hope other detective games I will come across  haven't lost the oldschool hardcore puzzles.The overall impression is absolutely positive.Feel free to buy it during the sales. I got mine during Xmas sales. Playing it now."
76561198132128309,Recommended,233290,14357549,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Tylenol,"i wonder if i have seen this game before from a site which is built with webgl,it is very familiar to me when i play the first sence,what i remeber is that site is a little simple than this game sence..."
,Recommended,233290,14362942,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,JohnTheRipper,The ability to posess a cat and climb on furniture is actually a lot of fun!!! And you thought this game was about solving your own murder....10/10
,Recommended,233290,14355772,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,graven_x,Creative mechanics and interesting story.  Approach it like an adventure game with a spooky twist and you'll be very satisfied.
76561198041046262,Recommended,233290,14373004,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ExtremeMike,Very enjoyable investigation game.  there isn't much replay value but i really enjoyed the game.  8/10
,Recommended,233290,14376125,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,bademeistAr,"This is one of those games that would have sold a lot better if it wouldn't have been for the full 60 dollar price tag. Clocking in at around 5 hours of gameplay players are tasked to find their own killer as a ghost detective. The story is a nice mix of mystery, detective stories and a wink at Salem's well-known history. The gameplay consists of finding clues and piecing together hints (similar to LA Noire) as well as out of place stealth sections that quickly become repetative and unfortunately become more frequent near the end of the game. I however had fun playing Murdered Soul Suspect. It is exactly as long as it should be, the story doesn't go for an unneccessary ""DLC"" or ""Start of a Franchise"" Move (meaning, there is an actual ending to the story) and even on my sometimes a bit glitchy rig it ran smoothly on max without any problems.If you're interested and can pick it up on sale, go for it!"
76561197962066015,Not Recommended,233290,14376140,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Vipzer|UK,good good but the game was very short its not worth full price
76561198141491742,Recommended,233290,14380248,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Roy,Fun I always liked these type of murder mystery games especially one as a ghost so far so good and yet it grabs my attention. There isn't one thing I hate about this game truthfully.
,Recommended,233290,14380426,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,♕Kaneki♕,"Best game i ever played. Sweet Story, Graphics Fantastic. Still hate the Demons 10/10"
76561198025834375,Recommended,233290,14381113,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Chubs,well i played and beat it so heres my review 10/10good things story voice acting charcter to relate puzzels etcbad things is only small sep for that the game can be beat in one day but i let it go
,Recommended,233290,14381270,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Drakillon,Great  game ! Get it
76561197995606789,Recommended,233290,14382826,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Diplomaniac,"Ok, but could have been so much more. The combat mechanic is annoying and unneccessary, bolted on and jerking the player out of what is otherwise a reasonably immersive and interesting world. The investigation/hunting for clues elements are ok, but way too easy and simplistic. Despite this I found enough in this game to make a playthrough work $6. I'd pay as much as $10. Overall though one gets the feeling that this game could have been so much more."
76561198065825461,Recommended,233290,14383727,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Goliath,loved the game the story and everything but the length i beat this game in one day acctualy 9.4 hours its not that hard to put the clues together.
,Recommended,233290,14384149,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,CRAYHEFNER,great game if you love criminal investigation and sci-fi the story was okay and the gameplay was a bit of a let down but overall it was a decent game for the price i paid :3
,Not Recommended,233290,14384173,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,BringerOfDusk,"I only recommended this game when you can score for under ten bucks...  Has a pretty good storyline and thats about it.  The investigation puzzles were almost laughably easy, other that those, there really isn't much game play to speak off.  A lot of running from one place to another.  Overall I was kind of let down by this game. It had so much promise as an awesome concept, but eneded up falling short on it.5/10 only because the story line was decent."
76561198051837910,Recommended,233290,13220905,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,y_doucet,This game was extremely shorter than I expected but I really enjoyed it... The ghost stories that you collect are all great and the main story itself was amazing. It is not an action packed game but I game to enjoy with a bit of puzzles and loaded with mysteries.I would totally play a sequel of that!
,Recommended,233290,13639839,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,firemagus,The game doesn't take very long to complete if you discount the fact that you have to scour areas for side collectibles. The puzzles aren't very hard either but you do get a satisfying feeling as you solve one mystery after another and find yourself one step closer to the ultimate truth. Gameplay is a pretty nice blend of detective work and ghost walking but it does feel that the game design could have been fleshed out better. The place where this game truly shines is the story writing. Excellent plot progression with an excellent ending. The horror aspect of the game is also well done.
,Not Recommended,233290,13585094,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,nbruch42,"One of the worst games I’ve ever played. It should be called Bad QuickTime events the game. It was like someone played the wolf among us and was like, hey! This is new and makes money, and then proceeded to get a whole team of game devs drunk to try and make a story driven detective game. But then the CEO came downstairs and was like what no enemies? You can’t have a game with no enemies and then they added one of the worst stealth mechanics I have ever seen to the game so you had a way to defeat them. They also managed to waste tons of energy adding these weird collecting mini games so you could listen to some one tell you a yawn inducing story that would only scare children under the age of 3. Meanwhile there painfully few of the one mini games that I enjoyed and that actually made sense which is where you try to solve other ghosts murders so they can move on. It was like the game devs decided that people would rather collect 50 rocks and then hear a sound clip rather than play the game.If you want a story driven game that involves detective work try the following insteadThe Testament of Sherlock HolmesThe Wolf Among UsL.A. NoireThis has been my review of QuickTime events the game by alcoholics studios"
,Recommended,233290,30454576,Posted: 11 March,all,Centrophy,"A story based game with collectables like LA Noire. It does nothing great but it also does nothing terribly. If I were to describe the game in one word it would be competent.Pros -- Nice atmosphere- Decent story- Good controls (with a pad)Cons -- Linear- No replayability if you collect all the collectables in one go- Unskippable cutscenes (some are skippable, most aren't)It deserves one playthrough if you like story based games."
76561198042837543,Not Recommended,233290,14932840,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Akie,"Super cool idea for a game, awesome on paper. Failed in the end. This game could have been so cool but it fails at all the little things - the ""enemies"", gatherables, running etc. It just feels like cake on a cake and it makes♥♥♥♥♥♥sense. Sorry, I want to like this game, but I don't!"
76561198110167267,Recommended,233290,14975338,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,overkillone,"Good story.Get it on sale.Really short on game time.Cat possesion simulator,would posses cat again. 7/10"
76561198124482181,Recommended,233290,14980796,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,bassmickey,This game is underrated. I can draw a comparison to adventure games. If you like that genre then do yourself a favor and give this game a try. You won't regret it!!!
76561198136489105,Not Recommended,233290,14940307,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,PugsOnDrugs,The game is EXTREMELY boring. I found that within the first 30 or so minutes I was nodding off. The gameplay is like watching a movie. 2/10
,Recommended,233290,14458092,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,whereta,"Game is greatgreat storygraphics are goodonly 2 negativesfps issue,not my pc becuase i can handle more intense games at 60fpsand not very long game for 30$would recommend on salevery rich dark story8.7/10"
76561198078679501,Recommended,233290,15008893,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,or29544,"Even though the plot is a bit cheesy, the game's atmosphere and attention to detail make this game a brilliant dectective game. The mistery deepens right untill the end and the challenges are expertly ballanced. This game is a must play for those who enjoyed LA Noire - although it successfully surpasses LA Noire in many aspects."
76561198006298114,Not Recommended,233290,15118790,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,kod666,"Medium adventure game (adventure elements rather weak), medium action game (linear with pretty much one kind of enemy).What drove my crazy in this game:- save system (lousy save points, only single save, no profiles, no save at quit, no chapter selection after finishing game)- collectables (most can be found anytime before final location, except museum - when you miss one item like me, you will have to replay almost entire game -> lousy save system)- credits (long, boring, cannot skip, can only fast forward)There are more better games and I am again disappointed with SQUARE ENIX (like with last Tomb Raider)."
,Recommended,233290,14071116,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Corey Willis,"If you want a neat interactive story, check out Murdered: Soul Suspect. The gameplay is almost non-existent, but the story kept pushing me forward. The story is a little predictable, but it was a nice, warm, comfortable predictable. I have a real soft spot for these types of campy stories like Twin Peaks so it really works for me."
76561198021111840,Recommended,233290,12985281,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Alexandra Tromp,Great story.Good game play.Really enjoyed it only downside is that it's kinda short.
,Recommended,233290,12987746,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Envoy,Great story. I couldn't stop playing until I got to the end.
,Recommended,233290,13627462,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Gabriel,It is a great game.
76561198013594187,Not Recommended,233290,13630279,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Straychild,"This game is utter crap. Its a stealh game with a ok story, but so called ""gameplay"" is so bad that makes you sick. Insta kills useless same demon fillers all the time. You want to see a movie, just buy a movie, dont waste your time on this ""game""."
,Recommended,233290,13642433,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,TheSinOfMan,"Excelent story (kinda Heavy Rain similar), good graphic and sometimes mediocre gameplay with demons around.8,2/10 ---------- I just like it+COMPLETELY new WORLD, excelent background, character development, story line+story+story again+sidequests, searching and uncovering hidden material-I didnt like demons, it just added game factor which wasnt needed for the game-game has A LOT of few litle bugs which you will definelty encounter"
