user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198010239690,Not Recommended,233250,21060079,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Reanoct,"This game looks like a supreme commander rip-off, but its not. There are not many units, and they are all very similar. This game is not about tactics, so much as its about hurling high amounts of resources at your enemies.I paid your initial price of 90$ to help you guys get started because I saw potential. Then you release paid dlc for units. Then you ask for more money for an expansion? You will never see another cent from me.2/10. Do not feed trolls."
,Not Recommended,233250,17602126,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,rogston,Kickstarted with lots of promises but delivered with less of actual content. Also releasing standalone expansion splits the community and devs think selling the same game twice is brilliant economical move.
,Not Recommended,233250,17603004,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,TITANIUMUINATIT,"So apparently they just came out with an expansion, costs the same as this game, and yet they haven't fixed the problems with this game. What a scummy business."
,Not Recommended,233250,15582793,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,PondscumThePurple,"(EDIT: This review has been quite popular [Thanks for that, by the way], and I feel that in the interest of fairness I should mention that I have not played the Titans expansion, and I'm not going to, such is my dissappointment with this game. But it does perhaps bypass some of the problems I have raised here, I just don't particularly want to waste my money on it.)I wanted so much to love this game. I'm a huge SupCom and TA fan, and this game looked like it was going to be the game that I was playing every day for the next couple of years. But after a while things were starting to look pretty bad, I came back online for the first time in a while to see if things have picked up. The game is still a very bland and repetetive experience. As an RTS all of the authentic strategy is in the first 5 minutes of each game, and then it's just who can push the most build capacity.Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance is, in my opinion, the best RTS game ever made. It's basic mechanics are excellent, the need for map control, economy management, unit management, tech management and intel are all closely interdependent, meaning that you're always INVOLVED in the battlefield even during the ""quiet"" stretches of gameplay. The available maps are excellent, and if you play on Forged Alliance Forever, a community maintained lobby with a competetive 1v1 ladder and public match service for casual players, there are stacks more to download. The game was also beautiful, with a good spread of aesthetically and strategically unique factions from the bread and butter ""space marines"" UEF, the intel oriented guerillas Cybran, the overrun focussed Aeon, and the tech heavy Seraphim. The game progression from opening to endgame is multifaceted and calls for real-time responses to your opponenents activity. To this day after 5 years of playing Forged Alliance if anybody tells me they're looking to get into a new competetive game I tell them to get FA. Similar things can be said of Total Annihilation, PA's other direct predecessor.PA takes the ""massive-scale"" RTS format, and turns the format into an (ironically) incredibly two-dimensional experience. The units are bland and there is no faction diversity, the game escalates quickly but when it gets to its peak it tends to degenerate into a massive drag, especially across multiple planets with player interaction at a minimum, with power plays limited to a very uninteresting blob vs blob. Defensive plays just don't mean much in this game after a point. Your point defence investments will be thrown out for the sake of producing ever more units in the ongoing drudgery that is the endless escalation in this game. It sounds and is pretty cool the first few times you play it, but then you have your 10th game, and you realise you're doing more or less the same thing you did in the last 9, except there's a lava planet in this system, cool! But aside from your units not being able to drive over lakes of lava, that means very little. it's just forced no mans land. Interplanetary warfare epitomizes this. Build lots of orbital defences, build lots of fighters and send them at your opponents defences, wait 5 minutes for the fleet to arrive, hope it works, maybe send some fabricators to teleport an army from your planet to that one. I've done it so many times and I just don't really want to any more.Huge scope for escalation in an RTS is cool, but you can't build a game on sheer escalation, which is what this is. There is no nuance, deploying a small force well is almost never going to make a game-changing difference, to the point where it's not worth trying, better stick to what you know. The learning curve is too steep as it is to try subtle strategies as a new player, and once you get to grips with the game you realise that there is very little to be done outside of beating your opponent in an arms race.The game was released unready, and is just generally a very poor execution of a great concept, centred around a gimmick which doesn't come into play that often. My one hope for the game is that some modders come along and take the good (but extremely temperamental) engine and inject some life into it, the elements are there, but Uber half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it, and just made the most nondescript RTS they could, and then made it really big and really long... and really ♥♥♥♥ing boring."
,Not Recommended,233250,17600442,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Alt-Right,i bought this game for 80$ i feel like i've been ♥♥♥♥ed really hard in the♥♥♥♥
76561197970996768,Not Recommended,233250,20144536,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Reithas,"You want to know about Planetary Annihilation?First, Uber♥♥♥♥♥♥in their community's collective faces by abandoning Planetary Annihilation as a bug-ridden, incomplete piece of garbage further made up of disappointment and empty promises.Second, they removed Planetary Annihilation from the Steam store entirely, further signalling their abandonment of the game, while simultaneously releasing their new full-price repackaging of the same game with the updates and content you always wanted (Planetary Annihilation: TITANS).Third, after months of nothing but negative reviews and angry backlash from their community, they've inexplicably READDED the original Planetary Annihilation to Steam...For almost the same price as their repackaged game with more content!Up and coming developers take note: THIS IS HOW YOU DON'T MAKE A GAME.Curious potential buyers take note: Don't buy this game. There is the possibility of course that you might glean a couple hours of entertainment from it, but in the end it won't be worth the waste of your money or time. If you want a good RTS to play, pick up Starcraft 2 and its expansions, or Greygoo, or Company of Heroes, or Endless Legend. Just don't buy this game, Uber doesn't deserve your money. If I still haven't convinced you and you're still determined to try it, don't waste your money. Pirate this piece of trash instead."
,Not Recommended,233250,12040413,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Nameless,"Let me start by saying that I have been following this game from the beginning as a backer. To put this simply, I would not recommend this game in it's current state (release build 71544). To call this a final game is absurd and borderline insulting. Features are missing or not flushed out at all and I don’t just mean I don't like them.  For example:There is no way to play this game in offline mode. This was promised from the beginning to be included ""When the game is released"". They lied. Also You cannot save a game so either be prepared to spend at very least 30 minutes of uninterrupted time on here or waste it when you have something unexpected happen.Single player is useless, boring, and flavorless. Many of the games only redeeming features are not even included with galactic campaign, no super weapons here folks. And maybe I am in the minority here but I like singleplayer usually, there just isn't anything worth playing.The games are hard to follow after you leave your first planet. Most of the time will be spent navigating the UI trying to make sense of the battle while you literally leave your other forces idle.OPTOMIZATION is nonexistent. I have a high end rig for windows and a top line IMac and neither of them can run this game without major lag, graphical tears, or in many cases crashes/screen blackouts. This is acceptable for a beta but not a final release.  And honestly the graphics are pretty boring to look at and I'm a fan of the cell shaded/cartoon look but somehow they managed to make that dull and not vibrant.There are some small gripes I have with the game as well. First is the lack of ""flavor"". I feel like all the units are so bland and basic, and to make it worse everyone is using the same ones. I wish there was some way of differentiating the units per leader, or even take some cues from the terrible single player and limit the techs for each player to 3 or 4 cards to make games more exciting. That brings me to my last little gripe, bots vs land vehicles. There is almost no difference between the two gameplay wise, honestly what’s the point, maybe I am missing something here?So unless something drastic changes don't waste your time or money on this game, I know I wish I hadn't.My internet connection at time of review was roughly 7mb down 2-3 up, actual. Best I can afford and I would say better than avarage. Note: This is my actual number not the ""estimate"" that providers give you. (Welp, I'm an idiot. Actual numbers are 31 down, 12 up.)I will Update the review if anything changes.(UPDATE Oct. 7th)They have announced a patch coming Oct. 9th that will bring offline play. I will be testing it out and update the review accordingly.(UPDATE Oct. 10th RELEASE BUILD 73737)So far with the update they made adding offline support everything has been going smoothly (at least as much as before). There are still plenty of major bugs that can be really frustrating and even make the game unplayable at times. I am glad that so far they have stuck with PA and turned out this update. As of right now I still cannot reccommend the game, however.Some people have complained that my review doesn't take multiplayer into account much and honestly they are right. I dont like multiplayer in games like this, it all comes down to who can click faster. I thought it was pretty clear from my statments that this review is more for singleplayer or casual multiplayer people. Also once you are entreanched in seperate planets there is really no way to invade eachother so it ends up being who can make the most nukes first (or activate the deathstar-esc metal planet).I really hope this game grows on me, I love the concept, I also really want to back their new project Human Resources but I think I will hold off since this game left such a bad taste in my mouth, not only for Uber but Kickstarter in general (Kickstarters really dont have to provide the product to you at all, and that breaks no kickstarter rules)."
,Not Recommended,233250,20134614,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Voltage,This is 10% suck20% skill15% concentrated power will5% pleasure50% painand 0% reason to purchase this game
,Not Recommended,233250,12044894,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Snake Wildlife,"October 2014 - Very Important Update:WARNING, AVOIDCorruption, Money ScamIm a big player of Total Anihilation and especially Supreme Commander-Forged Alliance, im a huge fan and loyal long time player, this is my view of the game so far.Is this game worth buying right now?NoWhat about later?NoWhy?It's unfinished, claiming to be a completed work when we all know this is still a beta. There's missing effects, units, customization and more. Saying that the game is ready to be sold, is rubbish, its not, they just needed another bulk of cash to carry on developing. Remember all this is just my opinion but it is based on facts that even recently have come to light.In-depth information.Graphics: 3/10To allow for many amounts of units on the screen at once, polygon-count has been shredded, where most units and structures appear extremely square-ish, textures also greatly simplified to a huge extent. It looks really bad. I think i appreciated Supreme Commanders dramatic wars a lot more because of the quality of the image and units. Advantage is, you dont need a mega-computer to run this game smoothly, but i still feel like the quality has been destroyed too far. Many negative points for many effects being completely missing from the game. Remember a planet colliding and blowing up in the trailor? theres no effect for that in the actual game...it's unfinished.Sound: 3/10The repeated low quality sounds become very overly repetetive, with all units in the game having nothing to say but a mechinical noise, where only the engineer tank makes any unique noises, and the weapon firing sound effects for all units feel completely impactless, there's no OOMPH! or quality. The orchestral music isnt so bad, but it is short lived as there is no variation or multiple tracks. EVERY game features the same, SINGLE interchanging track based on wether youre incombat or drinking a beer etc.Gameplay: 2/10After all the wait and all the multipl intakes of cash Uber Entertainment conned out of us,we got scraps. Where in short, the person who Mashes the mouse button the fastest AND wins a Decision based Dice-roll, rather than the smartest and most strategic player is going to be the winner of the game. You cannot speed up and slowdown gameplay (like in Supreme Commander) to allow for real strategy, instead, the winning formulae is to build as much as you can, as fast as you can (mash that mouse button! yeeaah!) of something to Zerg rush your opponent in ALL games. There's no strategy whatsoever than 'Send units directly to enemy'. The ability to smash moons and planets together is broken, where even some games end with EVERYONE losing, because early in the game, your planet 'naturally' (not caused by players) smashes with another one before ANYBODY including hard AI has a chance to leave the planet...meaning the entire game was a pointless waste of time right from the beginning.With Land > Sea > Air > Orbital >Artillery > Nukes > Forced Planetary destruction giving too many things to possibly build to defend against all of them, the whole games boils down to who plays the fastest from the beginning, and what choice or units you build at the beginning, in a Rock-Paper-Scissors-Stapler-Pencil-Rubber-Glue-EverybodyLoses  style gameplay.In short, it feels pointless to play a game where you know who's won in the first 5 minutes. THERES NO STRATEGY HERE WHATSOEVER, it's all about mashing the mouse button.Terrible.Overall: 3/10The idea of what this game can become, is fantastic, but it is greatly undermined by being unfinished, unbalanced, and not anywhere near ready for consumption, and currently not worth that asking price. My advice is to play Supreme Commander - Forged Alliance against AiX (super hard cheating AI) if you want 'actual' large scale war that involves STRATEGY in order to overcome a tough challenge.It breaks my heart as a massive fan and lover of the other 2 games to say it :(This is not a RTS, just a button masher. AVOID.Feedback?1. Give people the option like in Supreme Commander to SpeedUp and SlowDown gametime. We all have different physical playing speeds and bodily/mental fingerclickin limitations.It's not skill or strategy(i cannot state that enough), Planetary Annihilation is just speedclicking in it's current state. Its like giving a button-masher the championship-title in a Street Fighter tournament, it just aint how it goes.2. Scale. Planets, are so small that it takes away the ability to create strategies on the ground level.3. Defenses.  Most turrets are pointless, they cannot stop much, and are too squishy. The most concerning defensive structure you gave us...is the wall...It is too easy to shoot around and many air units, orbital units and launchers and artillery and (long list of other things) simply ignore Walls. Remove these pointless walls that dont do anything, and replace them with Shield technologies.---UPDATE - 2014 9th OCTOBER---It has been announced that Uber are teaming up with the creators of Super Monday Night Combat (another piece of unfinished junk) to create another strategy game, when this game isnt finished by a huge mile. Breaking their Kickstarter contract to complete what was stated they were going to do.At this point i can sadly say that this is all just a money scam at this point, to rush out a crappy game using kickstarter even though they already have the money squeezed from the fans of Supreme Commander. This is just greed, and full corruption even below EA standards. THIS COMPANY IS SCAMMING YOU, AVOID ALL GAMES.Uber Entertainment have gone very low into corruption. This game is nowhere near finished, and we the people are now being stabbed in the back after supporting their game with an unfinished product, and being shaked for more money on a new kickstarter for another game when they already have the money they robbed from you the fans.There has been a great deal of drama over the internet on this, and i (once a hugely loyal fan) am saddened to have to agree...All trust has been lost, take my advice and do not do any further business with these swindlers. DO NOT FEED THEM MONEY ON KICKSTARTER. Its a scam, they already have taken tonnes of YOUR cash to be able to afford development of the next game.They want cash, for nothing.Discluding the crappy campaign mode which only consisted of copy/paste skirmishes, this is what Uber Entertainment have done:-Stolen over $1.1 Million in Kickstarter Fraud.-Stolen(by leaked rumours)around $16 million from Steam/Game fans in sales of a broken & unfinished game that does not meet the Kickstarter declarations.-Abandoned the game to a small team to do patchwork, breaking their Kickstarter contracts.-Instead of using the stolen cash to develop the new game 'Human Resources' , setup another Kickstarter so YOU have to pay for it.Expect further fraud and broken contracts. This is large scale fraud that deserves headlines in every game magazine (where the hell are you guys...you call yourselves journalists?)Uber Entertainment should be Boycotted.---UPDATE 22nd OCTOBER---https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/659943965/human-resources-an-apocalyptic-rts-game/posts'Human Resources' canceled, the fans responded with great power behind their lack of donations. Human Resources was boycotted & the fans have been given a slight piece of Justice.May Planetary Annihilation now be properly developed on...probably not.Either way, they should be banned from using Kickstarter in the future for taking the money and abandoning the game before the contract was complete. Thats fraud on a massive scale that needs an appropriate response."
,Not Recommended,233250,17603219,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Obnoxious_Gamer,"This game used to be reasonably fun. Sure, it had its issues, but playing with and against friends would provide hours of fun. Unfortunately, that changed today- the TITANS 'patch' came out, with a load of new content, gameplay, everything needed to make this game amazing fun. It also came with a $39.99 price tag. Sure, kickstarter backers got it for free - and EA backers got it for about $15 - but the sheer gall of Uber to try to sell its game twice to experience the full game is unbelievable. It's not even selling the game twice, really, as the 'expansion' costs MORE than the base game. It's absurd. For people that haven't bought the expansion, an annoying splashscreen comes up at the title reminding you. That's like taking the middle finger they've already given their entire playerbase, and then shoving it down their throats. Do NOT buy this game. If you already own it, don't buy it again. Uber doesn't deserve your, or anyone else's, money."
76561197986960075,Recommended,233250,7749378,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Pope of Dedi,"Strategy on a massive scale, conquering planets, invading solar systems, smashing and blowing up moons. What's not to like?Release (review) Update!PA has officially been released! This doesn't mean it's done though, but it's at a point where the devs feel it's reached a solid foundation to build upon further. They will keep working on it for quite a while, and some features are still coming, such as offline play, dynamic savegames via ChronoCam, and multi-monitor support.Some new release features include Gas Gians, orbital only resource planets, which can be mined for a massive boost in resources.Also, metal planets can be turned into planet killing death stars via a new building, the Catalyst. It's an excellent game ending weapon that will keep everyone on their toes for sure, and changes the game dynamic quite a bit.Area commands and PiP windows turn the task of managing whole planets into a breeze, while units such as the stargate-like teleporter shows off how interesting solar system-wide warfare can be. Personally these are the features that ""wow"" me the most.Most importantly, the client side of the game has gone through massive optimisation work, with multi-threading and many other improvements that make it run smoothly on not-so-new systems.The game has a single player mode called Galactic War, with procedurally generated galaxies, that are unique with every run. It's not perfect, but it's excellent fun for a first pass, with unlockable technologies, AI assisted sub commanders, that make every run unique and fun. And it will only get better once the updates start rolling. Improvements and a multiplayer version is in the works!In summary, if you loved Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander, but would like to take it a couple steps further, this is a game for you.-----Disclaimer: As PA is in development, I will occasionally update this review to reflect the state of the game."
76561197976799810,Recommended,233250,8992069,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Thethundergod,"Remember Rome: Total War? Taking over a continent with large scale armies was great. Watching hundreds of arrows arching into a tightly packed phalanx, breaking it up just before the distracting charge from your Swordsmen forced them out of position so your Cavalry could break through the side. What a game.I believe this is the next best thing. In terms of scale, it is crazy! Most matches have the potential to see orbital engagements, with Commander units fleeing the battle torn main planet in search of refuge. A nearby moon makes for a better base than the distant planet. Once secure, the moon is turned into a war factory, pumping out robots and tanks into a teleporter to be fed back into the foothold left on the starting planet. Then, just as your waves and waves of units seem to be breaking the enemy line of defense, they nuke your teleporter and push you completely off the planet!But all is not lost... You move every construction unit into the production of Halleys - giant rockets that can move small planets out of orbit... All the while inter-planetary nukes harass your anti-nuke defense and orbital units flood into your atmosphere trying to break through. But you manage to hold on just long enough to finish building your Moon of Doom, and it is time to quickly flee with your commander to the unoccupied planet.Now comes the fun as your push the moon into a new orbit of the sun; one which intersects with the orbit of the home planet - now riddled with machines of war, eager to break out and destroy you. However, without a foothold on the moon, nor an attempt at collonising the distant planet, your enemy has no where to go, and can only watch as a multi million ton projectile, hurled through space, smashes into his base, obliterating the planet, triggering the destruction of their Commander unit, and knocking them out of the game.Yeah it's fun :D I just need someone to play with :(Multiplayer is where it is at, as unlike most strategy games, you can play as the same colour, sharing controlling of the same units, as well as team up. What's more, unique game modes like 1v3v3v3 can be played due to the dedicated servers, whereby the aim of the game is to knock out the solo player who has a production bonus. Almost like a race to break into the fortress!Watch this if you need any more convincing!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-UArrkWiwvE"
,Not Recommended,233250,17769084,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Intigracy,"DO NOT BUY.When this game first came out on steam, in early access, it was 90 dollarydoos. But this amount of money from everyone wasn't enough for the developers, so they decided they weren't going to release all the promised features they had promised on kickstarter / elsewhere.Then they tried to do another kickstarter for another game (called Human Resources) after deciding they were going to abandon this one so soon, but that kickstarter rightly failed, since everyone lost trust in this developer.After that attempt to jew the customers failed, they decided to work on planetary annihalation again. But wait! They weren't updating the base game, oh no. They were releasing the new standalone, Planetary Annihalation: Titans! But they wanted everyone who already owned PA to buy this ""new"" game, so they decided to offer a ""discount"" for people who own this version of PA!Here is what you're paying for if you buy Titans:""It includes new units, including 5 new TITAN class units, new maps with new CSG to play with in the editor, a new gameplay mode called ""Bounty Mode"", a playable tutorial for new players, as well as new balance for Multiplayer, Skirmish, and Galactic War!""Singleplayer ""campaign"" in both games is a joke, and it's just you playing against bots in a series of randomized skirmish matches, but the bots have access to every unit while you are gimped in what you can use.Planets are the size of peas.Game is an unoptimized pile of crap.Do not buy Uber Entertainment games."
76561198021355439,Not Recommended,233250,17624079,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Zoop Soup,"Anyone whos followed this game from kickstarter to today are probably very depressed seeing what graced Steam's front page today.♥♥♥♥ you Uber... just ♥♥♥♥ you.I don't know why this cash-grab you call Titans was a surprise for me.Before today I was an optimist, I had faith in the gaming industry but Uber just killed what small faith I had left."
76561198048646727,Not Recommended,233250,17610436,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Ulisses.,"for those who are against it, there is a petitionhttps://www.change.org/p/uber-entertainment-planetary-annihilation-titans-stop-making-us-pay-for-what-we-already-paid-for"
,Not Recommended,233250,15969584,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,hodlcap,"Not worth more than $10.It's like Total Annihilation if it were made by Peter Molyneux - Unfinished, unoptimized, and far below everyone's expectations.It's a resource hog.Planets are the size of marbles.The ""galactic war"" mode is really just a bunch of skirmishes where you have a handicap, nothing more.I could go on about the kickstarter rewards and how the game was like $90 on steam at some point, but to make a long story short this is just another crowd funded flop. I hate some of the decisions the bean-counters make sometimes too, but video game programmers have proven themselves to be completely incapable of time management and making rational business decisions. This game is just more evidence of the massive downsides to crowd-funded video games.I've been a fan of TA since it's first rendition and this to me is a blemish I will pretend doesn't exist. Just play TA:FA if you want a good RTS with giant robots and massive weapons."
,Not Recommended,233250,17611416,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Notsecret,"From someone who played Supreme Commander for hundreds of hours on FAF, this money grab couldn't have been more of a dissapointment. Additionally, new DLC has been released with content that should have been in the game from the start effectively giving all of us who bought it early more to be upset about."
,Not Recommended,233250,12984975,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,LordValgor,"The game just isn't there.It looks amazing, the concept sounds amazing, but it just wasn't done ""right"".Ultimately the game is not horrible and I am sure that I could still enjoy some matches, but for the most part I just find the game lacking in many (needed and simple) ways. To give an example, this game is said to be RTS. While by definition I suppose it is, the strategy element is the weakest simply because every game mostly consists of unit spamming. It basically just comes down to who can get the biggest army the fastest, and there are very few opportunities for tactical flanking, unit countering, etc.The final nail in the coffin for this game (to me) was the Galactic Conquest mode. It sounded amazing and I was expecting something akin to Star Wars Empire at War. Instead it is quite literally nothing more than ""exploring"" a pre-generated map, and whenever you encounter an enemy force, you then have to fight it. There are no turns, so the enemy does nothing, and the only ""strategy"" involved is you having to choose which units you can build via which ""techs"" you hang on to (you can only hold three at the beginning). Oh and you don't research the techs, you find them on planets...At any rate, I just can't give this game a positive review. It had the potential to be awesome, but I feel that it failed."
,Not Recommended,233250,23261924,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Moonshade Rip,"I paid for this game, and they grabbed the cash and ran to a new game looking exactly the same as this one, Planetary Annihilation: Titansthe developers robbed us"
,Not Recommended,233250,20350970,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Panzer Magier,"Oh Uber, you had the ball... To Garner all us Total Annihilation and Supcom fans.Disappointing. Kickstarted successfully, failed to deliver on kickstarter goals. Game is still buggy. Splits community with standalone expansion. Expects kickstarters and beta players to ""buy"" the expansion that is supposed to be free for them.I have never written such a vile review, but I think these guys deserve it."
76561198013251279,Not Recommended,233250,18026254,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Honest Jim,"As it currently stands I do not recommend anything from this company. They are lying a**holes. I am sure you can already read this. But I just want to add to this.You promise free dlc, then you come out with a new game which should have been a large update to PA, but you make it seperate, and charge full price. We don't get it for free becasue we already bought your fully priced broken game.My review will remain negative until Uber fixes its blaitent f**kup"
76561198013209687,Recommended,233250,13994677,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,MuNgLo,"So first of, why all the negativity?Well the game is certainly not without it's faults. It has had a rocky start and some people do have problems with even getting it to run properly without crashing. But it is getting better.The latest version is by far the best version. The new balancing and tweaks for units make it so much better in many ways. Compared to a few months ago, when I bought it (oct 2014) it is much better. The fixes for stability and performance was really needed and can't be appreciated enough.The future looks bright as the game continues to be developed and gain features and fixes. For those that want to play around there is an excellent tool for mods, PAMM (Planetary Annihilation Mod Manager). With that you can install, uninstall, update mods with just a few clicks. Mods range from UI tweaks and hotkeys to overhauls that change the whole gamebalance. Some even adding in new units.Well worth looking into even if you only want to add teamcolours to commanderexplosions.So what is the game.Well it is a game where you balance economy with expansion while trying to stop you oponents to gain economy and expand. The goal is to defend and keep your commander alive while finding and killing your oponents commanders. Depending on what skillevel you land on you will find the game as a nice slow basebuilding excersise (not appreciated style in multiplayer ;) ), or a spamfest where the goal is just to outproduce you oponent and overwhelm them or, lastly, as toptier you will have a real good spamfest but also with an intense need for always making the most of everything. Meaning you will need to micro armycomposition. Making sure your anti-air isn't in the front getting slaughtered. Doing that in a couple of places is one thing now do it in up to ten places on a sphere. Then introduce more spheres, more oponents. It gets hectic, frustrating and really rewarding when you manage to have some control.The game really scales very well to. You can play 10 people on a small planet and have an intence fight from start or you can play 2v2v2v2 starting on a planet for each team. It is up to what you and the ones you play with wants.There is a 1v1 ladder that presses skill hard on those that need it. This is where you can see the balance of the game shine (or not :P). It is easy to get into and replays are available to study what the good players does that works.Actually the replaysystem in it self can merit some mentioning. they call it ChronoCam. It makes the whole game into something that can best be compared to a videoplayer. Jump around, change speed and so on is all there. The really amazing thing is that while you play a game you can jump into ChronoCam anytime and rewind to see what you missed. Not something you will use often but still a fun thing.While 1v1 ladders rarely (never?) end up advancing the tech to tier 2  there is a largescale endtech war to be had. It involves planet vs planet where the goal is to get a beachhead with a teleporter to massinvade from you homeplanet. Or you could scout the location of the enemy commander and target the location with a nuke volley to punch through the anti-nuke defences. Just before christmas they also added the Unitcannon. Big artillery piece that lobs units to any place in the system with pinpoint accuracy. With it you can land a harassmentforce righ inside you enemy's base.It really is a game that will reward those that embrace it. But it also isn't a game for everybody.Addendum 2015-05-25In response to kwiksilver344's comment2 days ago they launched pte-82000 with way to much balancing tweaks and bugfixes to post here. One month between patches is comparatively high when it comes to games when they contain so much changes.Yes the saves bit are bugged. Quoted from the pte changelog....#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorSaving a Galactic War game has not changed. Select Save Game (Beta), wait about 5-10 seconds, then exit out of the game. You can exit by selecting Quit to desktop.Please note, selecting “Quit to Main Menu” will not save the game.There are sadly plenty of aspects of the game that could be described as underdeveloped. But for them to prioritizing the multiplayer aspect is only natural. That is where the game shines. The singelplayer bit (galaxy War) is very lackluster.I can also recomment cheking out PAMM (Planetary Annihilation Mod Manager). There are plenty of things to play around with including big overhauls that change the whole game around.PTE is a testbuild branch you can opt into via the the steam client. It is where new balance tweaks gets tested before hitting the live branch.Addendum 2015-06-13As of writting the game has had an overhaul for the singleplayer content. It is much much better balanced and fun now. Still not epic but good enough for some fun. The game is still very much a multiplayer game.Another addition is the functionality to use chronocam(replayfeature) to rewind the game and now resume playing from an earlier point of the game. (Button marked beta so it might need some more love)Worth mentioning is that by now there is also a save/load functionality in the game. Something a lot of players have been screaming for.There are still those that have to make an effort to solve issues with drivers and such to get the game working. Most issues should be solvable though."
76561197963262106,Not Recommended,233250,17637034,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,AERational,Scam artists.
76561198058638791,Not Recommended,233250,17612741,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,thethomasgeorge,All early access supporters got boned so hard. This game is a rip off cashing in on our nostaglia for TA.
76561197965966380,Not Recommended,233250,20531535,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Iridius,"Bought in at early access, stiffed by the Dev when they decided to re-release the game and make everyone pay again.  Same story as everyone else."
,Not Recommended,233250,31706364,Posted: 12 May,all,Finkle Panfe,"Screw this game and the devs.I bought it a long time ago in early access I think and decided to wait to play to let the devs work their magic. While keeping an eye on things, I saw it kind of get away from what I thought it might be but that didn't deter me. Decided to wait a bit longer.Then it happened.The devs decided they were going to take a big step in a different direction, make a new game out of it (which is really just this game with titans), and stop any work on this game. All while charging users of this game to upgrade to the new version.I will never condone this behavior and have already stopped purchasing from major publishers like EA, Activision, firaxxis, etc. because of their money hungry ways and lack luster DLC. This business model must stop.I never even tried this game because of that and I hope others will take a stand against this type of greed."
,Not Recommended,233250,18005234,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,RED Floyd /(Weber)\,"Free updates? Good jokes, I'd rather not buy the same game twice for a handful of steroid units and some brand new bugs."
,Not Recommended,233250,17605181,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Ryusho Yosei,"I liked this game, I did, BUt TItans, Really? I paid 60$ for early acess, promisted to be treated fairly, and equal to a 60$ Kickstarter backer....I now have to -pay- for the stand alone UPGRADE to this game, that was supposed to be added to THIS game, even though kickstarter backers, of -all kinds- including the only 20$ kickstarter backers get Titans for free. ...I want to say I like this game...but I can't support the practices unless they fix this massive blunder of insulting the intelegence and memory of the steam users who were -PROMISED- to be treated EQUAL to the kickstarter backers because of having to pay so much because ""It is fair"" ..If it is indeed fair, Then you should treat us the same."
,Not Recommended,233250,23137111,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Scuffed steve jobs,"I spent 100$ on the Beta, at the time it seemed good and promising, however the devs really dropped the ball. The content is stale and nothing about it makes it playable. The amount of RAM it eats is ridiculous. Dont waste yourr money. BTW (f*** you devs)"
76561198077874107,Not Recommended,233250,17610808,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Freex,Have to pay more money for an updated game. 10/10 would never play this sh*t again.
,Not Recommended,233250,22727318,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,MapSimulatorEnthusiast,"Unfinished. And the developers are completely incompetant. Made people pay $90 and then produced this garbage, then rarely updated and even released DLC for an unfinished game. I regret purchasing this. DO NOT BUY. It is unfinished and STILL overpriced. Why would anyone pay for this?"
76561197982904096,Not Recommended,233250,17610887,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Huol,"Unfortunately, uber is trying to rip people off with the release of titan. This should have been in the main game, not in a standalone game. This is plain thievery."
76561198001683720,Not Recommended,233250,17602520,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Ghevd,"These developers are like bad drug dealers. They rip you off on the first go then expect you to buy another game to get ""the good stuff"".No thanks!"
76561198064480250,Not Recommended,233250,17611480,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,EXdevil,"Bought the game. Loved it, waited for extensions, free add-ons, more gameplay and balancing.Got  a standalone rip off of the original game from Uber Enterteinment, if that's how you show how you hate your community, well good job guys, good job you're getting the hate you deserved."
76561198116552757,Not Recommended,233250,32491804,Posted: 16 June,all,Jurassic Glitch,This game was amazing when it first came out. But when Titans came out it was basically dead. They could have totally just made Titans an update for the original but NOPE they did an EA. Honestly don't even buy this game just buy Titans cause they are basically the same game but Titans has more content.
76561198166863550,Not Recommended,233250,22732366,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,stardeath122,"This game was fun at first, but it left out the needed factions. It doesn't have many units or tiers and is really laggy. Uber made a game with a lot of potential and they threw the potential away. And now they made a standalone game instead of the needed changes and expansions to the original.Go buy Supreme Commander Forged Alliances or Homeworld Remastered instead PA."
,Not Recommended,233250,32119255,Posted: 1 June,all,Inst1nct,"Dont get me wrong, I loved this game. But when the developers decided to screw over all of us by releasing TITANS, which is just this game with continued development. Real dissapointment that a game with such potential was killed by money hungry devs."
,Not Recommended,233250,17630078,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Ircza The Prophet,"And here it goes. Yet another big scam on steam. First they start out by charging their backers insane amounts (90 dollars for early access) and then they slowly go down. Selling their unfinished game for as low as 5 dollars. And now they come and rebrand it with a shiny ""new"" addition that should have been in the base game (as they promised in their kickstarter campaign) and charge 30 for it again.This behaviour is unacceptable. The game itself brings a novel idea and feature of planetary wars, which is nice but everything else is very basic and limited. And now they add a feature that is considered standart by the users and charge for it. Going as far as disabling the original games sales.If you have any dignity, stay away from this and any other Uber Ent. game. They all end bad for the customers. Just look up their history."
,Not Recommended,233250,17608711,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Muronelkaz,"Interesting idea, pretty cool looking gameplay/pictures... and then you see all the micro-tranactions and the new 'expansion'...Seems like instead of wanting to make a quality game they would rather make some money even if they game's reputation burns down."
76561197971052666,Not Recommended,233250,20861538,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,alexmepr,"If you were hoping for a  game like Total Annihilation look someplace else. If you were hoping for something like Supreme Comander the alsothis game is not for you. This is game is the supreme example of early access gone wrong.  The bad part is that this had so much potential. This game with 2 proper factions and a good single player campain would have been very good. As the game is now it still has a half a game feel.Thankd god that Ashes of the Singularity is going to be evrithing this game is not.Dont waste you time and money like I did, and consider not buying anithing that this studio produces."
,Not Recommended,233250,32167895,Posted: 3 June,all,Pharaoh,scumbag devs take stuff out of one game and repackage it into another..... do not support these idiots.
,Not Recommended,233250,22799307,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,I Am Useless,Payed 80 for early accessGot gameGot destroyed in MPWaited for updatesGets more DLCs from updatesFines the game is no longer on the marketFines TITANsQuestions why this not an update to our game
,Not Recommended,233250,7989807,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,RunTowardsDanger,"I'm changing my review for this game.I've owned this game for several months now and the updates still have not made this game worth any ammount of money. Stay clear of this game till it is 100% complete. It has allot of potential. But until it's a finished product, don't waste your money. They've made a fortune from those of us who have bought it and are delivering sub par results."
76561198007899390,Not Recommended,233250,32117764,Posted: 1 June,all,dhmanning,"Don't buy, abandoned by devs long ago.Bought so long ago hoping that the devs would you know...develop the game. Instead they abandoned it to release a semi-improved clone game."
76561198048471962,Not Recommended,233250,20409062,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,MagicFishMan,"This game is THE BIGGEST SCAM of 2014-2016. Don't buy it, don't even look at it. ♥♥♥♥ Uber, forget they've ever existed. They are worse than ♥♥♥♥ing EA... WORSE THAN EA!!! And when i thought that they can't fall lower BOOM HERE COMES THE ""EXPANSION PACK"". ♥♥♥♥ this game, execute the developers."
76561198060449188,Not Recommended,233250,12953803,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,✮[TS]AirSuperiority✮,I don`t want to write a negative review about this game because it has a REALLY HUGE potential but it is out of early access and its STILL NOT READY ! - so i think Supreme Commander 1+2 are 100ways better ^^ !!!!!!! if my english is false i´m german ...
76561198030698200,Not Recommended,233250,26057193,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,『     』,I bought this game when it just came out in early access for $79.99 and there was alot of hope in me that it would turn out to be everything I thought it would until they put out another DLC they made as a whole different game which was literally just This game with the Giant walkers and stuff which they said WOULD be in this game for free. So Its not a bad game but the lies it has strung are more than enough for this game to get a bad review.
,Not Recommended,233250,23245759,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,TheLastCanadian,"TLDR: This game is awful. At any price. ITS REDEEMING FEATURE, ITS SCALE, IS HANDLED BY SLOWING DOWN TO BE UNUSABLE - BY DESIGN. THINK ABOUT THAT BEFORE YOU BUY - THE DEVS ARE SO BAD THEY COULDN'T MAKE THIS WORK ANY OTHER WAY.Uber is extremely dishonest and has opted to release a totally half-baked product, on a massive cost (it started at $99!) with DLC and a new title entirely before even properly finishing the first one.Planetary Annihilation's huge draw is supposed to be its scale. Multiple planets, thousands of units. Instead, load times are obscene, and the absolute kicker: it doesn't take long at all until the game throttles so badly that it's unplayable BY DESIGN.I'm in a game with 5 AI factions and one human player, and it's running 14s per 1s in game. The game's solution to its own untenable scale is to throttle down until its scale works - which means it fails horribly for the player and is extremely uninteresting.This game could be fantastic, but that alone makes it almost complete, unusuable garbage. IF YOUR GAME CANNOT HANDLE A FEATURE WITHOUT THE ONLY SOLUTION BEING ""THROTTLE DOWN TO 3 FRAMES PER MINUTE, YOU SHOULD PROBABLY NOT CONSIDER IT A FEATURE WORTH ADVERTISING"".I got it on sale, @$26, and it was still more than this game is worth. It is my sincere hope Uber goes out of business completely and a competent developer decides to try and make the game PA should have been.Garbage. Complete and utter throttled garbage.DO NOT BUY THIS. IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY."
,Not Recommended,233250,30607718,Posted: 18 March,all,Furbz,"I know this is super late, but here goes.They basically swindled people into buying this, promising certain things, then made the game we were promised. Too bad that game was Planetary Annihilation: TITANS and we were expected to buy it again.I dont plan on buying games from UBER again."
,Not Recommended,233250,17614173,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,madmax3004,How to become rich in just 3 Steps:1. Release the same game with a few new units and addons as a standalone expansion for €372. Remove old game from the store3. Enjoy
,Not Recommended,233250,33101964,Posted: 1 July,all,TheAppl3,"Abandoned and rehashed into almost the same game that we're expected to buy again. Scam. Garbage.Don't buy it or any of their other games, not a company to support."
76561198064495040,Recommended,233250,7742190,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Yassen,"Great Concept!I have been following this game since it's early development, and seeing it nearly finished I decided to buy it, althought £40 may be a bit expensive and I had my doubts they're all gone now!There are still several large bugs in the game which can make it difficult to play or not feel quite right but once you get past this all of their claims keep turning out to be true.Well worth a play! Highly Recommended!"
,Not Recommended,233250,12062804,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,The Boz,"Needs 6 more months of development. At least. The UI and information presentation is quite bad, the balance is somewhat questionable, but the most glaring error is in the core design of the server-side everything. And the single player might as well not even be there; one could say it was tacked on, but tacks are often of higher quality than this."
,Not Recommended,233250,32848963,Posted: 27 June,all,Suit One,"I payed ninety dollars for a game that stayed in EA for two years, then gave up and made an update cost $15 dollars more. Don't get."
,Not Recommended,233250,20471773,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,WingeD,"Bought this game, 1 month later developers decided to stop doing anything in this game and release another one. 2/10"
76561198017815632,Not Recommended,233250,23768277,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ulzut,"HEADER: Never buy an Early Access game - NEVER!Amazing game - looking at the movies - now this looks fun!!Im thinking Supreme Commander - Planetary-destructrion-style - Yeah baby!Buy it - start playing... and... its anemic!It utterly lacks spirit.Unit diversity is absentNo strategic angleUseless AINot to mention the horrific - ""Every shot hits, its target"".Flashback: Remember Supreme commander?- Where a couple of T2 bombers, hand-caressed, could avoid getting struck by the defending AA T2 flak ? and snipe the enemy ACU.- Where fat smart missiles struggled hitting their target, as they lagged agility?- Where you just didt hit you target because it was moving perpendicular to your firedirection.My Point?Every shot cannot hit - every shot MUST not hit!You are essentially making cold machines with zero nerve - all the while slowly locking the game up, as you unit number starts to climbe. Im runing on a gtx980, i74770, 16gb, 2160p and it lags, stutters and hang.Which leads me back to that initial statement.Dont get into early acces - dont buy an unfinished product."
,Not Recommended,233250,12985922,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Mickey,"Could have been so much more than it is. Did not live up to the hype. The game is unfinished, there's no tutorial, which it needs because it's quite a complex game, and the units aren't very well balanced. Bringing in the original narrator from the old Total Annihilation game to narrate the intro was a nice touch, but the game otherwise lacks a clear storyline, compared to the rich storyline TA had.I want to like this game, I really do, and it's not a bad game per se. But to understand the game and play it well you need to have played the original TA."
76561197999245319,Not Recommended,233250,16516909,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,westywestuk,"I hate to not recommend this, but I have too.Edit: Thanks to the few commenters who stayed on track.TA fan since release, Skipped all the SC business, thought I'd risk it again on PA (Still have TA and all its DL units installed now <3 Cavedog!).Single player:You will start with 1 commander as always, Proceed to build Energy, metal extractors, fabrication plants, constructers for more/higher plants, then you'll be spamming units endlessly.That's fine in and of itself, yet by the time you have 20 units, the AI commander has 50 already bombing your production lines, By the time you can send a fleet to bomb theirs, they will have hundereds swarming your base the second you select your units and give the order, All of them bombing your Commander, IF you are lucky, your units MIGHT get to see their command before their entire force swarms your Commander within the first 20-30 mins...With every available mineral node used, adequate energy production, constructers helping production lines, you will still be too slow to stand a chance against the stupidly overpowered AI on the lowest of difficulties.99% of all units die in 1 hit, some take 2-3, tops.Even with fully mixed squads there will be times when they just sit there, as the enemy units wipe a group of 40+ of your units, who never even return fire even though they are set to patrol.Almost no help to new players, No tutorial, a ""How to play"" card that consists of a few ""Tips"" only, no intro to the plethora of shortcuts needed for management, no intro to tactics, no intro period.Looks great... besides Explosions looking completly out of place, and not fitting with the theme of the game at all.like seriously... Huge immersion breaker right there seeing this big stupid cell shaded smoke cloud that looks made for a 16-bit console, right next to Normal/Bump/Spec mapped high resolution units/terrain textures... To who ever was the art designer for the explosion effect?NO, NO, BAD, NO.You took the gorgeous planets, units, textures and made them feel cheap and nasty, because I'm always waiting for the big orange cartoon show to start.Runs fine.Plays like a bag of wet socks.MP might be better, but TA/PA was never about Multiplayer to types like me...I came back looking for the 3+ hour long battles with thousands of units going nuts....Hugely dissapointed and will definitely be considering the refund option, as the Single player experience feels nothing short of broken."
,Recommended,233250,10795743,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Chrismohr,"This review is relevant as of 25/06/2014 using version Galactic .67523GameplayThe Gameplay for Planetary Annihilation consists of having a commander that is dropped on a planet, and having to build up your base, carefully managing an economy so that you don’t expand too quickly or too slowly, while building a massive armada of troops that you will use to help annihilate your enemies.A match takes place across a solar system and depending on what kind of solar system you are fighting on (does it have moons? How many planets? Etc) it drastically changes what kind of tactics you will have to use and what kind of approach you need to take to beat the enemy.For fans of Supreme commander this game will seem extremely familiar, with some of the supreme commander team being behind this game, it retains the feel that supreme commander had and most importantly it does not dumb down itself for the masses, it retains a great deal of complexity while accurately achieving the “easy to learn hard to master” feel.You will have to manage orbital, aerial, naval, and land troops to achieve victory. This can be slightly overwhelming when you are managing multiple planets and is the only downside to the Gameplay. But if your cup of tea happens to be managing a massive amount of troops in a gigantic scale then that will not be a downside for you.In the multiplayer side of things you can have multiple people playing as the same faction, or being able to command each-others armies. This means you can have a 3v1 against the computer (who of course can manage all their troops no problem) and have a challenging time. The resources are balanced depending on the breakdown of the teams, so if you are 3 v 1 the 1 will get a 3x resources boost to keep things balanced.I give Gameplay a 9/10 only losing 1 point for sometimes being difficult to manage the scale of things, but I stress that this is personal preference and that I know other players who enjoy this aspect very much.GraphicsGameplay is a much more important aspect of a game for me than graphics. But those who have a much higher standard for graphical fidelity will not be disappointed. The game looks fantastic and the planets are visually pleasing, the graphics are as realistic as they need to be while retaining a very high quality look about them.There is not much more I can say about the graphics other than they look fantastic, the game can sometimes slow down when there is a large system with a lot going on (this game is demanding on your system specs) but overall this does not detract from Gameplay. With it being early access there is still optimisation to be done so the finished product will run a lot smoother.I give graphics a 9/10 only losing out to slowdowns when there is quite a large amount going on it a system.BalanceThe game balance is still somewhat lacking in most departments, although the developers have made some passes at correcting the game balance it is still unbalanced in many aspects.In multiplayer some units get neglected in favour of others because they are far better than their same-tiered counterparts which should not be the case. The units should each fill in different roles and have different strengths/weaknesses rather than just an overall better feel to them.Galactic warfare needs some more balancing on its technology side of things before it is an acceptably balanced game mode. With the locking away of certain technologies, some things become completely uncounterable and the player cannot even choose to branch out into these technologies that can counter the enemies due to the strange RNG system that the developers have went with for Galactic warfare.I give balance a 5/10, for the most part the balance is acceptable and the game is playable, the galactic warfare drags this down quite significantly but the multiplayer experience is not detracted (simply because people tend to use the same overpowered units and it cancels out)BugsBeing early access it is natural to expect bugs therefore I will not go into many details about the bugs that are In the game and only briefly cover the current state of the gameThe game as it is right now is surprisingly bug free, some things such as the pause button going off the screen and the game not connecting to the game servers (which you NEED to do to play the game at all) can be very irritating, but the support for the game is good and the developers have a good track record of swatting bugs as they come up with frequent updates.This section does not get a score, simply because it doesn’t seem appropriate to put this into the averaged score at the end of the review being that it is early access.OverallOverall I think if you like supreme commander, and you want a game that feels like what supreme commander 2 should have been like, you should most certainly buy this game. In early access it is already extremely fun and playable with a great community and vibrant multiplayer.With offline play coming up soon the issue of having to play it connected will no longer be a problem, which was one of my major gripes with the game at first.Overall this game gets an 8/10 from me. Very worth the £10 I spent on the steam sale for the game and most certainly worth the full price as well."
,Not Recommended,233250,17602958,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Vaughn,"They just released some mega-units and more standard units as a standalone 37 Euro game, it´s impossible to buy seperately. Shame on the devs."
,Not Recommended,233250,17614148,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Dwarfthorin Danando,"AMAZING, OR was........i liked UBER and loved PA , now they bunch of ♥♥♥♥ers who are like EA, was excited for the new update to find that i have to pay,,,,,,,,, make this free for main game, , absolute ♥♥♥♥ing disguusting. 0/10WHY U HAVE TO BE CLONES OF EA -.- I really thought u guys were diverting from that, but I see now, ure only interested in money...lost all respect for UBER, and im never EVER buying another game from u again, yh I loved PA, but this just made me lose respect for u guys....seriously"
76561198061999006,Not Recommended,233250,33747306,Posted: 23 July,all,Temujin,"I loved Total Annihilation; I still play it sometimes since it's been released to steam.  The Core/Arm factions are just different enough to make the game interesting and hold interest.While this game: Planetary Annihilation does a pretty decent job at replicating Total Annihilation but with better graphics, it adds nothing new to it.  In fact, it leaves out a lot of content that the original game actually had!  On top of that, the creators actually want you to purchase DLC literally right off the bat.Allow me to explain a little more detailed why I will never recommend this game:1) I pre-purchased this game.  When I was able to play it, day ONE, there was already a cash shop in the game.  I could choose 1/3 stupid looking models for my Commander.  If I wanted my Commander to not look like a retard robot, I would have to purchase it.2) I played the game for like 5 minutes when I first purchased it, then deinstalled it for a few months, and now I'm playing it again.  At least now all those Commander models are free.  But now, If you want more units to play with, then you have to purchase the new expansion to the game which includes the original game just with the new units as well, for $40.00!I have the base Planetary Annihilation already for $30.00, or maybe I paid $60.00 at pre-purchase, I think that sounds about right actually.  Now to get more units in game I need to pay another $40.00!  The developers of this game are greedy as ♥♥♥♥ and I hope they all go bankrupt and never get funded to do anything ever again.3) There's no longer a Core or an Arm faction in the game.  Every commander is the same.  Every game is the same.  While the original game lacked a story, there was at least an attempt at one.  Be the core, defeat the Arm forces for whatever reason, be the Arm and defeat the Core forces for whatever reason.  Adopt the Transformers storyline to the game.  Planetary Annihilation:  No storyline at all.  Attempt by this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ company:  ""Annihilate everything"""
,Not Recommended,233250,26358415,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Totally Not a Spammer,"Bought the game ages ago and loved it. The fact that this supports linux is basically a lie, its full of bugs and unplayable. They also added community mod menu in game which removed the absolute ton of mods that were on the PAMM (planetary anhiallation mod manager) when they released titans everybody got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the upgrade price is basically the cost of a completely new game where titans is just a bunch of extra units for the existing game.  The game also has huge performance issues but if you are going to buy either this or titans disableing the steam overlay helps a bunch.pls devsmake PA great again"
76561197984808794,Not Recommended,233250,17607994,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Canolgon,"I had the biggest hopes for this game. Picked it up as soon as it was on Steam for an outrageous price, but whatever - the hype was real.Turns out, we were wrong. The game is stupidly simple, planets are so tiny, it's hard to even call them asteroids. Balance issues, but hey, they just released a new patch that'll fix a lot of issues! Only catch? Buy it again."
76561198041071260,Not Recommended,233250,17611270,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,juanworld,"Bland.Devs have a lot of nerve releasing this game as is and then releasing a new ""expansion"" updated version"
76561198000624335,Not Recommended,233250,17625776,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Antiga,"Uber Entertainment lost my trust.TITANS stand-alone expansion is a relatively small content expansion. It's on the scale of a DLC, but considering the current questionable state of the base game, the broken promises by the devs, delayed core mechanics, lack of a tutorial, constant buggy releases and overall lack of content there's no doubt it should have been a free patch.https://www.change.org/p/uber-entertainment-planetary-annihilation-titans-stop-making-us-pay-for-what-we-already-paid-forSign the Petition. If Uber Entertainment complies, it's a massive step towards regaining my, and many others their trust.A big reason they are making it a stand-alone expansion is to get rid of the mixed reviews, but ofcourse it's a great way to try to drain our wallets some more. Even though some of us paid more for this game than any other game they've ever bought, and that while some of us still don't feel it's a complete game, due to persistent bugs and the general lack of content.This is some way to treat your loyal fans, apparently the loyalty is not returned. Let it be known that this company does not play fair. You'd expect it from the big ones, but we MADE you, show some gratitude.You've lost my trust Uber Entertainment, and by extend access to my wallet."
76561198076533044,Recommended,233250,12425224,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,(P)Fredegar1,"Firstly, understand that people are more likely to review a game if they percieve it negatively than positively.It is true that PA has some issues (naval balance, etc). It was also released too early, in my opinion, since offline was not included among other reasons. However, offline mode is now a part of the game in the latest beta build, and should be added to the main build within the next 24 hours.Overall, this is a seriously fun game that breaks new ground in the RTS genre. On these spherical maps, you can be attacked from any direction. On the flip side though, you can use this to your advantage to pull off sneak attacks from an unexpected vector. Orbital play and the ability to move between planets adds yet more depth and complexity.I have heard other people complain about the controls, but for the most part I find them adequate. You can assign control groups to make selecting specific armies easier, as in most good RTS games. The current hotkey support is limited, but you can download the ""Hotbuild2"" mod using PA Mod Manager to assign hotkeys to build specific structures and units. Camera anchor points let you jump to saved locations at the press of a key.Graphical performance was great for me on my Lenovo Y410p laptop with the GeForce 750M, 8GB of ram, and Core i7-4700MQ 2.4GHz processor. I rarely had any graphical glitches. If you are having performance trouble, the first thing you need to do is update your graphics drivers and make sure PA is using discrete as opposed to integrated graphics if applicable.The AI features four difficulty levels, and is a competent opponent to fight if you aren't comfortable with PvP play.Now, on to nitpicks. The biggest issue I see right now is naval balance. Although it has improved markedly, naval pathing is still a bit buggy. Naval units in general are too slow, and don't provide enough bang for their buck. An expensive ship can quickly be demolished by a handful of tanks. Targetting of ground units is also poor. Orbital units ought to be a bit more varried, and I wish there was a multi-unit interplanetary carrier. Teleporters are a bit too easy to set up. I'd rather have to land a small army with a transport to secure a beachhead, and then set up a teleporter for reinforcements. Overall, I think there need to be more and more specialized units.Aside from all that, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. You can ♥♥♥♥ing crash moons into planets, blow planets up with death star lazers, fill the skies with nukes, send nukes between planets...you have to play it to get it.A quick note on offline play, just released in the latest beta build. I tried it and it was completely stable. Uber recommends you don't play offline without 4 cores and 8GB of ram, but I was totally fine, at least in a 3 player game, with 2 cores (phyical cores, I don't know if logical cores count).Seriously, buy this game!"
76561197966892595,Not Recommended,233250,22775787,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,TomThumb,"I payed over 50 quid for this game in their development phase, and now they want to charge me for what would otherwise be community made mod called titans. i refuse to get sucks into this wallet sucking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t when i helped you from the begining.  you have otherwise made a half decent game which i really enjoyed for 145 hours."
76561198027059077,Not Recommended,233250,26376763,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Prudovski,"One thing I really like about this game are the graphics, the minimalist style is very great, but one problem about Planetary Annihilation is that the gameplay is very repetitive and extremely limited. The only way I could recommend this game is if, like me, you can buy it at 2$.  This is the MOST OVERPRICED GAME I HAVE EVER SEEN."
,Not Recommended,233250,31664957,Posted: 10 May,all,Laser Lettuce,"Kickstarter pump and dump... Basically a TA/SupCom style game that they got halfway through making and decided to call done and make a ""stand-alone expansion"" that had all the missing features. That version isn't worth your time either. Just get Suppreme Commander: Forged Alliance if you want something like this, because even with its issues it is miles better than this supposed spiritual successor."
,Not Recommended,233250,17622513,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,OldmanX,"If you would have asked me months ago what I thought about this game I would have slapped you and told you to throw your money at this game. After the release of Planetary Annihilation : Titans, I feel like Uber Entertainment just took a crap on my face.I pray Uber fails at their cash grab and I strongly hope everyone that reads this stays away from both games. So sorry for those whom have already been burned."
,Not Recommended,233250,12044727,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Chiasmus2333,"Buyers remorse. No offline mode. Bought the beta then the price dropped. Day-1 dlc and not free for those who own the game. Legal but perfectly ""good"" business practice and ethics."
,Not Recommended,233250,17624189,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Twitchy,"So when  this game came out it looked amazing and i had a couple hours of fun before just moving on because lack of content and just decided to wait on some updates to improve it. A couple of weeks went by and nothing really updated that changed the games content that much so i just found a new game and moved on (this was before steam refund policy)  It was probably worth a couple of hours of gameplay but thats about it with nothing new to make the game more exciting. I feel like this game is a example of bad company decisions to make money and has really disappointed me. This game has barely been out a year and it seems that they have given up on this game and moved on to the new ""Titans"" game they have released, looking the exact same as this game but with bigger leaders. I would NOT suggest this game to anyone because of this experience and will probably NEVER buy from this company again because of this. This ""Titans"" game should honestly should be a minor update to the original Planetary Annihilation.Short: Game comes out, played a bit, no big update to add content, new ""Titans"" game comes out that looks like the exact same game but for $40.Never going to buy from this company again, bad experience, almost worst than EA."
76561198107644436,Not Recommended,233250,15320908,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,MrDeath,I am very disapponted...
76561198099618596,Not Recommended,233250,13611960,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Meek,"DO NOT SUPPORT THIS DEVELOPER.They are part of a very bad trend of developers making promises charging for early access debugging and ditching the final product. The game has been ""RELEASED"" as complete nowhere near as far along as promised.Buying PA is like going to subway and making the whole sandwich yourself then being charged double and when you are handed your reciept they slap the sandwich out of your hand and tell you to ♥♥♥♥ing deal with it.I dont recommend supporting this new industry aprouch to selling games. we only hurt our selves and expose out self to poor development teams.For all the details check the forums and other negative reviews."
76561198076493571,Recommended,233250,13090602,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Treetrunks1,"I almost didn't buy this because of the bad reviews but I'm very glad that i did and that's my reason for leaving a review. As a big fan of Total Annihilation back in the day i can happily say that I'm not disappointed by Planetary Annihilation, it is a good quality successor and if you enjoyed TA then this should take you back.There are some minor balancing issues [bit of a noob comment from the time of review, the game seems fairly well balanced, however i'm sure it'll be tweaked further] but this should be fixed in future patches. The gameplay is fun, very fast paced and the strategy is more than deep enough to make wins satisfying but not so overly complex that it becomes tedious or unappealing.I have a feeling that some of the negative reviews and complaints about the strategy elements are down to a lack of a tutorial which is a shame. The game doesn't have lots and lots of units and buildings and no tech upgrades and so forth but in my opinion that's a good thing, it's much more about map control and resource management, it is essentially quite simple but that forces a purer form of strategy from the player who must think and react very quickly and creatively.+Enjoyable strategy.+Nice clean simple graphics.+Enjoyable 1v1 ranked matches.+Seems to be a fairly good community.+Can be very fast paced and fun 10 to 30 min battles, or longer more epic matches if desired.+Now very reasonably priced.-Some balancing issues. [Not really an issue currently]-Developers apparently not very active.-Not many units, a flame tower for example would be nice and i'm sure there are a few simple additions which would spice up gameplay quite a bit.-No tutorial.My hope is that patches will polish the game further because it's very close to being excellent in my opinion and a worthy TA successor.P.S. I would highly recommend downloading PA Mod Manager where there are some very useful mods which help aid the controls and gameplay. Also, read the guides on the steam community page which are a good tutorial substitute to help get you started. Oh and check out Zaphodx on youtube to get an idea of competitive online play!"
76561198009814523,Not Recommended,233250,8836664,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Ultima,"I'm an old school Total Annihilation fan. This concept is AWESOME but currently still too many bugs, high end computer required for best performance, game takes FOREVER to load and generate planets.Will update review if game eventually becomes more playable.UPDATE: The game is much more playable but leaving the recomendation as this was an early access review. They have now come out with TITANS which seems like what they were originally going for when starting this project."
76561197993699474,Not Recommended,233250,31319845,Posted: 23 April,all,Cosh_Holga,"Just a cash grab from a bad company. Game is riddled with problems, bad UI and dev. stop supporting. Look at others reviews and see that they just rehashed the game as Titans to grab more money. Save yourself the troble and spend it on something...ANYTHING else."
76561198006864911,Recommended,233250,12917421,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,V3trox,"I played a lot of total anihhilation as a child back in the day and this was a must. I know its not a direct successor but to me it is. A lot of the game mechanics feel like they are straight from the 90's. The way you harvest metal and energ. The way you build buildings its all just great.Positives:-You can slam planets into other planets-You can build up some crazy armies in ludicrously short periods of time-Smart graphics. Its definatley a different style to your normal rts but I really like them-The games with 5 or 6 players are just bonkers! I'm not very good but its just utter brilliance watching the havoc unfold!-If you loved TA you will love this-I have only found one bug-Sometimes, there is just so much carnage, its a joy just sitting back and watching everything explode, mushroom clouds and all....and then someone puts a planet on top of the whole thing. Everybody wins.Negatives:-Compared to TA it feels like there is a lack of units-Sometimes the AI goes into ""fail"" mode and just sucks♥♥♥♥♥-The camera is somewhat fiddely but bareable-THIS IS MY BIGGEST NEGATIVE- Planets and moons share the same orbitOverall its a great game and I dont know what all the complaints and negatives are doing here. No, there isnt a tutorial but has this generation of gamers really had their brains melted out of their noses due to radiation and cod smack talk so much that they either cant work it out for themselves or use google?. It doesnt take a genius to work anything out the only thing i had to check online was some of the camera work.YOur commander builds your basic stuff, your basic stuff builds advanced stuff and your advanced stuff does advanced stuff...stuff. Like throw nukes around the planet, or just throw planets at other planets, or teleport all your guys onto another planet, they all die but you throw a planet at the enemy anyway."
,Not Recommended,233250,12865246,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Awox,"Very dissapointing addition to the Total Annihilation series. Bad graphics, lots of bugs, horrendous lag, stupid orbital system. I would have rather played Total Annihilation 2, you know the one that was rated one of Gamespy's Top Ten Real-Time Strategy Games of ALL TIME?? oh that was in 1997. This one is not even close to as good. Don't bother downloading it's a complete cashgrab ripoff."
76561198023529887,Not Recommended,233250,17420240,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Threepsie,"As a big fan of the previous series (Total Annihilation / Supreme Commander) I had high hopes for this title and purchased the game while in beta. In the end, I am very disappointed since it is basically a skirmish RTS against one or more brutal AIs, even in the early campaign mode. This in combination with a messy unit overlay system could be so much improved by implementing a short story embedded in a tutorial setting, but I wouldn't count on it to happen.On a personal level, I prefer to build up a base at my own pace and then start exploring. If you do this, you will quickly get overrun by the enemy AI since he already built up a lot of factories and covers nearly all resources on the map.All in all, a grand disappointment compared to the previous series. And here I had good hopes for it...However, if you are a big fan of rushy skirmish RTS'es, then this might be the game for you, even though in the end it may feel very repetitive. Buy it when it's on sale!"
76561198002961445,Not Recommended,233250,17688232,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,desjaz,"I never actually write reviews, but the bs they pulled is beyond reprehensible. Saying screw you to all the people that didn't back it on kickstarter but wanted to try it out when it hit steam by releasing a ""standalone"" expansion? So you copy the game over, add a couple things and call it a new game for the price of the old one? Thank you for showing your true colours. I will NEVER buy another one of your games. If I could I would  return this game immediately. It never fully worked in the first place and was missing a bunch of features that any decent RTS has. So thanks for jumping ship you money grubbing jerks."
76561198057982016,Not Recommended,233250,25808291,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Elderado,"Played the game when it first came out. They still had plans to expand looked promising, was a little slow at times but the features where still coming in and it looked nice....Went back to it recently wonderering what stage the game has gotten to. Huge costs and ads everywhere, the game is beyond broken, no feature I changed seem to make my game not bug out, lots of screen flashing missing lots of basic functions like where ore deposits are, or how to switch between one planet and the sun. This game is a failure, while the devs didn't ""jump ship"" they only decided to abandon their initial game and only started to bug fix on their ""new"" game PA: Titans which... is the same game just supported... for paying an extra money... The most disgusting practise of game devoplment I've ever seen."
,Recommended,233250,8210260,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,YEET,"Looking good, considering it's only alpha. However, I'd implore you to hold off on buying this game until it's fully released and functional, as there are some major and some lesser balance issues aswell as performance issues with the game as it stands. Also to add to that is the current hefty price-tag (heavily reduced as of right now!).(Slightly) Updated - 3rd of March -14.After having been criticized that I didn't specify enough, I've decided to complete this review.Well, I must say, this game is getting better and better, albeit I do not know the recent changes they've made as it was a fairly long time ago since I played it last, but at that point, when I played it, the major imbalance issues I'm talking about is just swarming tanks which is pretty much unstoppable, should you not strike back with the same coin, which, honestly, makes for pretty tasteless gameplay. I prefer something grander, such as attaching a bunch of huge thrusters onto a planet and then proceeding to crash one planet into another, for instance, is really awesome in my honest opinion, much better than just massing a bunch of basic tanks (not even upgraded ones) and zerging your enemy. This really is just my point of view on this though.As in regards to the performance issues, it might have been just my old system at the time (Five year old motherboard+processor), but I was getting really heavy lag once alot of units started popping up on my screen, which really is a problem when paired up with the massive zerging of the tanks as I spoke about earlier.Another concern that I remember was bugging me a whole lot was the camera being a bit clunky. I remember having a really comfortable camera position where I build my starting base based off of, then I zoomed out to see the other planets, rotated the camera abit, then decided to return to my base, only to be greeted with an alien base that didn't at all look like mine. It was a bit of a hassle to get the camera back to normal, and I, ultimately, lost a fair bit of time because of it. But I guess that's the type of problems you run into when creating a game of this scale.All in all, I can really see great potential for this game, the concept is awesome, I really like the artstyle, and it's just an overall enjoyable game, and with the sale bringing it down to, what, 27.99€, it's definitely worth buying because of the potential alone.7/10"
76561198000523616,Recommended,233250,25246340,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Liquidmack,"I bought this game in early access, full price. I've felt terribly ripped off, because game was nothing like they promised, wasn't working and was terrible at performance.PA now is a fully working RTS that is fun to play with friends, with few problems (but none of them game breaking).Developers were called con artists and game've received stigma of being unfinished halfcooked potato, but I don't think that is true anymore. Dev's (and Community) made this game playable and finished.This is somehow extraordinary, most early accesses get abandoned as fast as people fill the bucket.PS: Titans should be included in base version of the game imhoPS2: DLC commanders are a joke"
76561198065996881,Not Recommended,233250,22905391,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Zero,"I could sit here and tell you all the things that i think that are wrong with the game, and good.though there are already plenty of in depth reviews that go into that. So I'm just giving my own 2 cents.  Sadly the good doesn't make up for the bad. I paid $75 for early access and the game was pretty good for early access, it had it's bugs but for the most part it was fun. I'm Dissapointed however that they didn't change much from then and kept the game really simple. I guess thats what happen when you pay someone for a job they have yet to do. Well not always but it happened with these guys. I wish that the game didn't end up this way, it had a lot going for it. However, they dev's didn't care, they already have their money. This game may be worth it at a few dollars, like $5 but at $30 nope not at all. Even less so for those who paid extra to get into early access. And now the game is for the most part, dead. Unless you buy the Titans DLC. What is the deal with that not just being an update? It would have been this games one redeeming quality. But guess not."
,Not Recommended,233250,17613750,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,bieberle4,"do not buy this cash grab of a game, it was released in a messof crap, no one fixed it or cared to, and now there are asking 40 GODDAMN DOLLARS for an expansion, for shame uber, i trusted you and you♥♥♥♥♥♥in my hand."
76561198044195889,Not Recommended,233250,17933235,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,FelipeJoker,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! (and its """"""""expansion"""""" TITANS) - since they share the same build and problems.It is, as for now, September,7th, 2015, It has MAJOR issues:- You cannot select where the AI starts. So if you want to have fun with you starting on a planet, and the AI on another, you'll have to b luck for it to get randomly assigned to another planet.**EDIT: As of today, September 10th, you can set the AI to spawn offworld, at the same planet as a player, or randomly, IN MULTIPLAYER CUSTOM MATCHES. Not in Skirmish yet. No idea why... ¬¬- METAL PLANETS STILL HAVE METAL SPOTS, (so you cannot harvest where you want, you have to use the spost as a regular planet) BUT THAT IS NOT ALL!!! - a lot of times the metal spots spawn where the catalyst (the structure that ""activates"" metal planets to fire)  should be! (so you cannot build the catalyst because there is a metal spot on the way!!!!!- The AI is orbitally dumb. Get out of your starting planet. You win. Congratulations. ** EDIT: testing if the new changes improved it...- The planets have a ""realistic"" impact setting: if you send an asteroid to annihilate another planet, if, by any chances, YOUR PLANET is on the way ( and you CANNOT PREVIEW THAT) the asteroid will hit YOUR planet, instead of the enemy's, as you designated.So, until this is fixed, DO NOT BUY IT!At its current state, I would qualify it as Beta, and not as a complete game, with an """"""expansion"""""". If this issues are fixed, I'll gladly change this review."
,Not Recommended,233250,17761614,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,The Legend27,"Don't Buy this Game or any game from Uber Entertainment, this company is worse than EA games. They released another one under title Planetary Annihilation: Titans which is essentially a copy-paste of this game with some patch and Titan units as extra. Devs only care about money not the player, so don't give them anymore money, I am regret to buy this uberCr@p.Game Review: The game itself isn't that bad, its buggy but its still playable (atleast for me in the past), the concept of this game is really good, but devs ruined it and literally giving cr@p to consumer by releasing identical game and charging it for full price game. Why devs not release Titans as add-on?? why they abandon this game??.Back to game review, the gameplay is pretty decent, you can control huge amount of unit on a planet and try to annihilate enemy, unit type also quite variable however most of the time you only spam 1-2 type unit since other type is useless, and mixing unit isn't really effective (maybe because I am bad with micromanagement?). The coolest part of this game is blasting your enemy with an asteroid, but it gets boring after 2-3 try. Honestly I would give 5-7 out of 10 for game, however devs don't care about player, they only want more money.SCORE : 2/10 VERDICT: DON'T BUY ANY KIND OF GAMES FROM UBERCR@P ENTERTAINMENT.p.s = Sorry for my horrible english"
76561198023015773,Not Recommended,233250,8885403,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,briach01,"I've tried so many times to play this game.  I loved the original.  I just cannot enjoy playing on a sphere.  It's just painful to play.  I want it to be good I really do, but it's not, I don't think it can be in this state.  I wish they had a demo I would not have wasted my money.As much as I love a good RTS this is not one of them.  Sorry guys I know you tried."
76561198045173816,Not Recommended,233250,17646102,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,A Unicorn On Speed,"Removing this game to try to milk more money from supporters is worse than not fixing it, trying to brush it under the preverbail rug and eliminate the bad reviews in hope of more money next game which is basically the same"
,Not Recommended,233250,17613385,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Plasma280,"I am missing the big ZAP sign in the screenshots from Uber Entertainment to current owners of this game regarding the ""new"" TITANS release of this franchise."
76561197992446319,Not Recommended,233250,17612874,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Dennamen,"Payed to support devs and help complete the game. Instead they left this project and released standalone, which we had to get after EA.Thanks god I payed with discount. Next time I'll better set sail and wave Jolly Roger.Early Access should really be gone from Steam. It's failed like Greenlight."
76561198121216302,Not Recommended,233250,23012307,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Pirate Joans,made a dlc that split this game in two
,Not Recommended,233250,8472320,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Mazi,"Don't buy this game...now. This game looks good on the trailers and on the pictures, but the game has big performance issues, my computer is not a ""gaming pc"" but it runs battlefield 3 on high pretty well and almost all games on high or even ultra! But i can only play this game on low and it still had very low fps so the game was almost unplayable. I was pretty exited for this game, i read the reviews and it seemed like a good game and it probably will be but it isn't good now. Wait until it comes officialy out then read reviews and do a little research and if the game is good then buy it. I will play this game again when it officially comes out, until then don't buy it."
76561198035657107,Not Recommended,233250,17603859,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,🎵Tyz🎶,"Uber never finished SMNC, moved on to PA, never finished PA but announced another kickstarter that failed, then went back and said ""Don't worry guys we're not dropping PA"" and here we are with a standalone PA expansion before PA is finished.  Uber fail.But more on this game:It's unfinished.  It lacks real strategy except for who can spam faster.  The music is great, but limited.  The planets and solar systems are cool, but lead to the lack of strategy, you just need more units to either defend your planet or take into battle.  Chokepoints exist pretty much only while traveling between planets.   This game had great potential for a ne style RTS, but the ball has been dropped too many times by this Dev/Pub Uber."
,Not Recommended,233250,8935523,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Mattymooz,"This game looks amaaaazing, and from the few games of it I have been able it has been really fun, I'm afraid I can't reccomend it currently to any Linux users as it doesn't work the majorety of the time. They are very good at fixing bugs with it, but with each bug they fix, it reveals a new one.Window's users I will reccomend you it, Linux users, on the other hand, beware.NOTE : Apparently there are no issues if you use Nvidia graphics crads, but people using AMD or Open Source drivers will have issues"
,Not Recommended,233250,17609489,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,hellatze,"game unfinished, yet they make ""expansion of TITAN"".cash grabbing suck. they lost their buyer now."
76561197972633066,Not Recommended,233250,17612050,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,-Cougar Shadow-,"Payed 50 quid for this rubbish. Its nowhere near as good as TA or SC and all this time i have been telling myself they will add more units, they will make this game worthy of their claims they will add steam workshop for community made units and make this game better than TA in its prime and now they want another 30 quid to buy the rest of the game (again!) and probs still wont be what they said it would be.. there ""expantion"" needs removing from steam sales and adding to the original game for free. what a let down so called ""UBER"""
,Not Recommended,233250,17613034,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Frown Town,"Now that PA: Titans has come out, I have to say I absolutely cannot recommend the original game. Frankly, it should be removed from Steam, the ""standalone"" expansion pack contains all of the content in the original game and more for almost the same price.As much as I wanted to love this game, the full release was missing much of the promised content, and contained microtransactions to unlock the backer units even for people who spent $100 pre-ordering on early access.Then Uber has the nerve to release an ""expansion"" pack that is roughly what the game should have been in the first place.I would recommend Titans to anyone who likes Supreme Commander and Total Annihilation, but the original Planetary Annihilation pales in comparison to all of the above, both graphically and in depth of content."
,Not Recommended,233250,11097403,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Yung Nug,3/10 at least they pretended to try
76561198118067091,Not Recommended,233250,29751398,Posted: 6 February,all,Bacubi,"I can't believe how much they ripped off the beta backers. I bought this game for 50 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars, and they just say, ""HEY, we are going to release a giant update THAT YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR. EVEN IF YOU BOUGHT IT IN ALPHA/BETA. Then they just left the original version in the dirt and screwed all the people that payed for it when it was still in development for an extremly high price. (Why didn't you wait for a sale? Because I thought this game was going to be something great.) I was completely ripped off because these scummy devs couldn't get enough of the moola. This game could have been good if they decided that they wanted to be fair to their consumers and be descent devs. I hope this company crashes and burns, and they have to get normal jobs and give up on being someone, because of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ marketing choice.♥♥♥♥ you Uber"
,Not Recommended,233250,25321945,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,( ͡⊙ ͜ʖ ͡⊙)King_Kiff( ͡◉ ͜ʖ ͡◉),"Fixed game is now sold as paid DLC as ""titans""Don't buy.Never buy anything this dev ever makes again."
76561198087885082,Not Recommended,233250,22912638,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Tea,"Bought this game then they added ""DLC"" which turned into the real game and now i own a useless pile of crap."
,Not Recommended,233250,33214744,Posted: 3 July,all,ThinkinThoed,Another reason you don't want to support games in alpha/beta... this game is a perfect example.
76561198011118610,Not Recommended,233250,17607567,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,craftz,Yuk scammer money hungry devs. I cant belive how I am dumb. We are so dumb we sheeps have trusted hungry wolves and see what happens.
76561198096223756,Not Recommended,233250,8565926,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,epicness212121,"Great Game...BUT DO NOT BUY THE GAME FOR IT'S PRICE!I bought this game, with my amazing computer that I just recived, and all I get is a black screen, a loading mouse, then the game fully launches and i'm able to press accept but only if I act fast. The game crashes about 5 seconds after it launches. This game is highly unstable right now and personally, I would just buy supreme commander 2. I am very angry at the developers for pricing this game so high and producing such a low outcome for the people. I hate how I spent $44.99 on the christmas sale, just to figure out the game doesn't even work. I dont want you guys to make the mistake I did. Trust me, don't buy this game right now, you would be better off watching youtube videos on it for the next 1-2 years..."
76561198092129304,Not Recommended,233250,11555996,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,[GBH] Jay Smoove,"I used to play Total Annihilation when I was younger and it was the best! The endless ways in which you could dominate your foes was pure bliss. Whether it was airdropping massive waves of units behind your enemies, sending naval fleets to bombard ground units, or straight up plowing the enemy commander over with hundreds of ground units! This game though has failed my expectations in every way. There's barely any units, the miniture planet instead of a flat map is confusing as hell and it's basically just a rush style game (like Star Craft 2 online ladder matches). What a rip off, don't buy this game. They've tarnished the series' reputation.  Nothing but pure gimmicks."
76561197973057678,Not Recommended,233250,31568659,Posted: 5 May,all,[AG]SirPhobos,"I cannot understate how underwhelmed and disappointed I was in this game.  They released an early-access that was barely a game.  Then poorly updated it, with very little support, adding very little to gameplay or functionality.  If their hearts and money aren't in it, why should yours be?  I've been playing games for decades, especially RTS's like PA.  This was awful.I almost never write off a dev company, and I almost never complain OR leave reviews, especially bad reviews.  That should tell you just how disappointed I was in this game.  Don't buy this, and I would caution against getting Titans anytime soon, as it's potentially just another re-release moneygrab."
,Not Recommended,233250,22737606,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Sir Jaketh XIXXIXIXIXXXI,Kickstarter let-down simulator.exe
76561198082357226,Recommended,233250,13170351,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Yaegz,"Rocky release but the devs are constantly improving the game.  The ""fight across the solar system"" concept hasn't been done before and it shows a lot of potential.  The game is very fun in its current state, but it has even more potential if Uber fixes a lot of the small issues with the game.  Still worth a buy."
,Recommended,233250,11990752,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,永远蹲着的男,"Still needs lots of improvements, like not needing to connect to a server for a Skirmish match. What when the servers close?!"
,Not Recommended,233250,33098006,Posted: 1 July,all,Cyrlan The Great,"The game looks promising at first but it is now abandoned. The latest update was June 21, 2017 after 1 year of silence, however, that update is only an ENHANCEMENT UPDATE! No new features, or even add things that makes this game playable again without feeling dissapointment."
,Not Recommended,233250,33260126,Posted: 4 July,all,YoshiFTW,Feels unfinished
,Not Recommended,233250,23782916,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Raiden,Don't buy. Doesn't compare with Supreme Commander 1 or Total Annihilation. A step back in all ways possible.
,Not Recommended,233250,20051111,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Starkadder,"Poor, a lesser experience than Total Annihilation a game which is almost twenty years older."
76561197970330504,Not Recommended,233250,35156598,Posted: 23 September,all,eldi9999,"I have to say I wish I could recommend this game.It just isn't meaty enough, unit roster isn't great and half are just so bad you'll never use them.The single player is no challenge at all.Multiplayer is ok but there are far better games these days."
76561198009474243,Not Recommended,233250,12015944,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,The MUG!,"First of all, Total Annihilation was one of the best games I have ever played.  I was addicted when it first came out and for several years beyond.  This game attempts to capture that, sadly it only attempts.  I bought this in pre alpha for sixty bucks and I really regret that decision.First, the good part.  The build system is just like total annihilation, which I always thought was a great way of doing it. ( you build a starter factory which produces a builder which can in turn build the advanced version of it's factory which produces more advanced vehicles of that type).  Now I am not a fan of pvp with this type of game because it always ends up being the same thing, build a small economy as fast as you can, then build a big enough force of low cost units and hope that it overwhelms the force that the other player has managed to build.  It's usually not a lot of fun in my book, but if that is what you like then this game will deliver in that department.Now the bad.  Many things in this game are what I would consider incomplete.  First and foremost there is not a storyline/campaign that has been well thought out so that it is interesting and fun.  It is simply this galactic war garbage which is merely a series of ai skirmishes with no storyline or real progression.  In fact it severely limits you on the tech tree as you can only use a small percentage of the tech tree at any one time.  I understand that they were trying to be different from the normal path of giving you one piece at a time and building it up.  But being different just for the sake of being different does not neccessarily translate into being good.  In my opinion it is actually really bad!  If you click on the screen shot above where it shows the picture of the galaxy then you will get to see the entire single player ""campaign"".  Thats literally all it is, you just move between those stars and play a skirmish, I would assume there is some little congrats screen at the end or a ten second animation where one commander blows up another one, but I just get so bored I can't even get that far.  And honestly who cares about the one sentence that lets you know they have nothing else to deliver in that area.  I'm sure they used some kind of computer voice over for it as well, as if that somehow will make me forget that I just spent the last few hours being bored out of my mind with no reward.  There are also some things I found which seem broken, like not being able to build advanced metal extractors on certain metal deposits due to terrain conflicts.So in the end my main point would be that if you love a mindless blow em up where you and your teenage friends get high and pwn each other then this is probably right up your alley.  But if you are looking for an immersive and rich experience then you should look somewhere else."
76561198147746416,Not Recommended,233250,17612240,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Linglightning,"what a fu*k game!!! why I say that?1.bad optimization2.a long time development of game3.the most important,eventually,you finished develop the game,and now you told me that you have to sell the final version again and call it Planetary Annihilation:Titans!!!!I just want to say: fu*k you!!!    and  fu*k off....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561198026804800,Recommended,233250,14008618,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,wraith_unleashed,"first of all let me say how glad i am dor not listening to all the bad revieuws. if i did i missed out a great game.some people gave it some serious critic's and some of them are right. but as how i see it most of the critic's i see it is the problem of the user having a under minimum spec's computer.i see a lot of issues about lagging, memory failure  etc etc these problem's are pure technical.i am not saying they are wrong but you can't blame the dev's for this.some con's from me- there is not an tutorial mission (there is a guide)- not a real storyline- when you reject tech in galaxy war it's lost forever. it would be more logical that when you rejected it and move on to find an additional data bank, that you could go back to previous point and get the tech again.- in MP i felt like really stupid played for 10 minutes and i was wiped out completly. i watched the game back in chronocam. watched my oponent with the hope i could learn something. but on the speed he fabricated some things it seems impossible to me. he had laser sattelites, nukes, and multiple orbital space platforms up in just 3 minutes.- Not a decent save feature. (i heard they are working on that.)now my pro's+ great SP+ nice visuals+ decent guide+ fantastic soundtrack during game+ youre not in need of microtransactions to be better in the game. ( it's pure cosmetic)+ endless replayabillity+ living comunityhubi do reccomend this game. but be carefull do not buy if youre not have the recomended spec'si think this game is heavy'er than people think. (made that mistake myself a lot of times)have fun."
,Not Recommended,233250,20565566,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Perdix,"I was pretty stoked about playing this game when I saw it on Kickstarter, but didn't have the funds to pick it up - I bought it on offer and...well...was pretty underwhelmed to be honest.  It may just be the single-player experience (not a fan of multiplayer), but it really felt like it lacked depth.  On my first game I picked a strategy of ""build orbital death-rays over the enemy base ASAP"" and was able to stick to it for my first 20ish games without adjusting.Perhaps the multiplayer experience is much deeper and more rewarding, but if you're buying for the single-player; there's no tutorial, no campaign, and no real progression that I was able to observe over my playtime - I'd advise that you give this one a miss."
76561198035294341,Not Recommended,233250,34958883,Posted: 14 September,all,Clay Pigeon,They promised updates with more units but then released the updated game as a whole new game. In my opinion this was pretty darn shady and a bit of a slap in the face to everyone who bought the first game. All mods to add new units cause the game to immeadietly crash for no apparent reason.
,Recommended,233250,30215219,Posted: 27 February,all,Not Robert Lawlers,The game doesn't crash after an eight hour match.
76561198052665254,Not Recommended,233250,20511989,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,crowdfunded,"Lots of promises, no delivery."
,Not Recommended,233250,23673592,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Meemu,"I got it for $59.99 They dropped it and released a stand alone ""DLC"" Don't bother."
,Recommended,233250,14456646,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,RockstarCRO,"This game is not what I thought it would be...Me and my cousin booted this game up and finally after an hour and a half we were able to run planets into each other. My goodness, if you don't have the patience this game might be a bit difficult for you to play.The game follows the Supreme Commander scheme where there is a main robot that builds most of the factories. There is of course minions that help you do the same, but depending what level they are (L1, L2, L3 as units and buildings alike follow this pattern) means how fast they can build or what they can build. A level 1 tank depot of course is not the same as a level 2, but a level 2 depot will require a level 2 ground unit builder. The game is fun, and jumping from planet to planet is pretty cool. Transport ships are available but portals make the journey a lot easier. There are ground units, air units, and sea units that are available to build. You are also able to launch units into orbit and are able to have defensive units on the ground (like turrets) as well as in orbit.Visually the game delivers the proper graphics and have yet to notice any major chops within the scene.This game is okay... I'd like to say it's great but it's a very slow build up on action. Because of that, I CAREFULLY recommend this game.RATING : 7/10GameplayB-Story / CampaignC+Visuals / User InterfaceC+Sounds / MusicC+Replay-abilityC+OverallC+"
,Recommended,233250,13530489,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,[MBC]G0hst,"As a man coming from a series of SC,Total War, and many other RTS games this one doesn't really stand out in terms of ""revolutionizing strategy"" In combat it is literally the same thing with only slight differences only because of the different planets which the whole game thinks it can carry it's self on.The Single player is even worse when you try to give it the time of day and even more worse when you aren't prepared. It's utter garbage and if PA ever really wants to get people who dont want multiplayer to join they have to change this or die. The ""difficulty"" often depends on how lucky you are to get the current ""meta"" teck path so you can beat an AI which has all teck at it's disposal.There idea of new gameplay is atrosiouse. Simply put their ""new"" ideas are just more late game stale-mate breakers because the frequency in which it happens is rediculouse. Unit Cannon>Catalist>Halley it's allways which game ender will I use in the map because of how the game has progressed.Here's the good news:It's still growing and thats why I have stayed, I have put in a soon to be 900 hrs into this game and I still will stay with it for another 900 more. The new way which they have taken a simple and boreing 2-D game and made you afraid that you will be attacked now on a 3-D level is intense. Though new units are still far into the pipleline I can't wait to see what they add. The people in the game are really the nicest that I have ever met on a RTS level, while there are some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥players simply saying ""hey I'm new"" and people are more than happy to help you out. It's a community that really wants to be a community and that is something that I have NEVER seen. While I have said that there are many problems the dev's are working on it and I am not afraid to wait, it's gonna be worth it!GG GL HF ALL! LONG LIVE THE MBC AND LONG LIVE PA:D"
76561198057380655,Not Recommended,233250,20524139,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,A.R.E.S,"Just another example of why EA doesnt work. I have spent almost 3 hours in game and I have never played a single match. Why? Because the piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥refuses to run the single player in any format, and now they have sold a 30$ expansion splitting the community even further proving that they just don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥and just want to grab your cash."
76561198055758548,Not Recommended,233250,9132466,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,The Twitchy Vulcan,"At this point the game is basically the same as Supreme Commander only on a larger scale with ""cartoon graphics"" (not that i dont enjoy cartoon graphics i very much do), also take note that there is one faction or ""race"" to play as and to me for a game such as this is something that should have been added from the start of the release not something to add in later. i understand at this point the game is still is development, and i have hopes in the coming months that the game becomes something new and orignal. But at this point in time this game is basically a copy of something of a game i have already enjoyed and brings nothing new or exicting to the table. I do not recommend spending almost 60.00 CND at this point in time for this game."
,Recommended,233250,13247000,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Trve Kvlt Party Raptor,Literally nothing is more satisfying than chasing the enemy commander off their planet and then shooting another planet at them to finish the job. NOTHING!
,Recommended,233250,13427540,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Nemesis271989,"Awesome game. After Failure of supreme commander 2 This same feels awesome.Build armies, expand, move planets, and annihilate your enemy.It is a liitle bit confusing at the beggining but after 2-3 tries I think an awerage person can figure it out!"
,Recommended,233250,13966024,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Dubian,"Build as of January 12th.Hi, I love RTS games. I have been apart of the community of RTS ever since the first Warcraft and Starcraft. Cried when Command and Conquer was destroyed by EA. i.e. (Red Alert 3) and played SupCom like crazy. I like this game and would recommend it when it goes on sale. I think it was 7$ a couple weeks back. Otherwise wait for a sale. Not worth otherwise atm. This game has amazing potential and I want to believe in it. Which I do, it is just that from playing it so much I have found plenty of things that hurt it in its path to greatness.I will say now this was my experience with single player vs. AI and GW. I do not care about multiplayer. I am sure it has its fair share of problems too. I have played the multiplayer. Just not enough to make informed opinions on it.GRAPHICS AND OPTIMIZATIONI have a high end gaming rig; core i7 quad core OC 4.66ghz, GTX770, 12gb RAM. This game has cell shaded graphics which I think is cool and artsy. It doesn't have to look amazing to be fun and it does look good where the polish has been applied like the death star laser, it looks awesome! Also nukes look better than they used to. IT IS POORLY OPTIMIZED. I get 60fps when I just start up a game but 20min later or even maybe 10min later depending on what level of difficulty I am playing on it dips down to 30FPS or lower for the rest of the game! I have a FPS counter in the corner of the screen while I play and I noticed whenever an explosion goes off it dips to exactly 30fps. I dono if that's just my comp or what but that's weird. I feel like this is still beta, there is no way this is final build or even close to feeling complete. The Planets are a bit bare and boring but that was so we as players could focus on fighting with as many robots as possible without it lagging to the point of unplayable. I am fine with that. Bigger battles and less lag, cool! Sign me up! In reality what we get is lag, crashing and screen tearing. Sometimes I will still get textures that wont load for an entire planet at the start of a game so I have to start over till it works. That doesn't happen too often but IT DOES HAPPEN. Things have gotten better with graphics and optimization over time since release though. It used to be a lot worse. I mean read some of the other reviews from a couple months back and you will get a good picture. Back in early Beta I would get fps drops that were ridiculous. Yes I did pay 70$ for this game. Because I believed in it, I believed it could turn out to be one of the greatest RTS's of all time. Still has work that needs to be done to make it truly great.GAMEPLAYI have played as of now 63.8 hrs on record of this game. Starting from late ALPHA I got to see this game develop from a basic prototype to what it is today. The ALPHA and BETA phases of this game are wrongly named since the BETA felt like an ALPHA most the time. But let us talk about the game as of now, not how it was. I said it before that this game feels like it is in BETA still. Balance is an issue in this game and will be forever I am afraid. If there is ONE metal planet in the game then it turns into ""who can race to the metal planet first"". The metal planet is VASTLY OP. 1st of all it takes no time to recharge what so ever. ZAP. then ZAP. another ZAP. WIN. 2nd The amount of power it takes to fire it is incredibly little. It is a superweapon yes but there should be strict regulations for making it a bit more balanced. Multi planet battles are a problem too, if you or an AI gets fully entrenched on a planet it becomes a game of nuke the ever loving crap out of the other planet till you win. You cannot go and land on an enemy planet with the space transport which STILL only has capacity for ONE unit because of the insane response time of the AI that swoop in and kill your landers so fast. Plus the orbital defense and fighters make it nearly impossible to send anything other than swarms and swarms of fighters, landers and orbital bombardment units. I am sorry if my brain cannot handle swapping between 5 planets and managing thousands of units all at once. It is not easy to manage everything after 50min of play time with multi planet battles. The planet smashing is still broken and looks so bad. It is definitely better then what it used to be but compared to the LASER DEATH CANNON its not polished at all. Flying through space the engines still disconnect from the model at times, the entire animation is clunky from start to finish, the explosion from the planet crashing can be laggy or just miss timed. There is just something so wrong with it and yet it is a key selling point to this game. FIX IT. THE LASER CANNON LOOKS SO GOOD. They have it in them to make this superweapon better, look at the nukes and unit cannon. OH YA, UNIT CANNON. Recently the developers added a Unit Cannon which can build and launch units anywhere onto a planet, even across space onto another planet. This is cool and I love it. I remember seeing it with the original trailer and wondered where it went. Its well polished and can only build certain units so its not mega OP. Overall the lower end of the spectrum is pretty well polished and balanced it seems. Just when players reach endgame it seems to drag on forever and certain superweapons are really overpowered. The game shines with 1-2 planets and can be so much fun to play without the planet smashing and lasers. There is one thing I will mention that I love to do, invasion fleets. Building over 300 of those orbital lasers and sending them to a totally entrenched enemy planet and watch the destruction, takes forever to get there though.Galactic War. Hey designers. I know its tough to make a game. Especially one of this magnitude and ambition, but come on. Galactic War is a joke right now. GW right now consists of the player battling through an entire galaxy, system by system, to obtain cards that boost your armies power so you can conquer your enemies and take over the galaxy. Backtracking through already conquered systems you have to click on each system individually, just to get to where you want to go. There should be an automatic ""go to"" button so I don't have to click on each system so many times. Players should be able to go anywhere they want within their territory. Once u get to where you want you can not go back, so you had better decide which system you want to attack before you move. The upgrade cards you get from beaten systems are borderline useless or plainly helpful. It is random too what you get from each system and you only know until after what you are getting. This is just bad planning and design. Players should know what they are getting before hand so we can plan a better route and stay away from the more useless cards. The home systems of enemies are 1v3-5 and you had better hope you got an assisting commander or two or else you will get stomped on.USER INTERFACE AND MENUSThis game has bad menus. I can not think of a single reason why the menus in your game should be this bad. There is a 1 second lag time between me mousing over a menu icon and it lighting up to show that I have highlighted it. Sometimes I have had to click more than once on the main menu just for it to receive my input. What is this. Please, please fix your menus. The menu's haven't changed since late BETA. It is so frustrating having to click 2 or more times on everything. This isn't even in game. In game the UI seems pretty basic. They should take a note from Sins of a Solar Empire on UI. In PA it gets hard to organize and keep track of everything especially after 30min. You have to play alot to get used to it. Not so ""new user friendly"". Not even an idle worker button! Age of Empires 1 had that!WRAP UP - I have seemed to run out of room with my rant. I wanted to say more. But I will say that I love this game and want it to be better. PA has potential to be better then SupCom. For now SupCom will remain the better game."
76561197966628314,Not Recommended,233250,17612494,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,impetus maximus,"very steep learing curve. was unstable for the longest time.we were told DLCs would be free. then they make a ""stand alone"" add-on to get around that. boo hiss.uninstalled"
,Not Recommended,233250,17629440,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,YadNi Monde,"I am scandalised!!!I bought this game when it was still an alpha version for 90USD, under the solemn promiss i would get all coming updates for FREE and  FOREVER....I have been LIED to, i feel so disappointed by this new update they call TITANS, instead of getting it for free, i must pay for this new UPDATE, you guys are trying to totally annihilate your best supporters, you are a SHAME!!!!"
76561197963664525,Not Recommended,233250,17664939,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Terkala,"Worse than the free game Zero-K. Also selling an add-on pack that consists of all of the stuff they promised that would be in the base game, is just terrible to their fan-base (if they had any)."
,Recommended,233250,14273913,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Bacondoughnut,"Lots of lag, lots of servers, lots of BOOM! Really very fun on a powerful PC. I believe that this game lives powerfully if you have many friends who own the game, because then you can start a private game and Skype. I do not have many friends with the game, but if i did I would play this game nonstop."
,Recommended,233250,14557476,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,mastertsif,"I learned about this game through social media long before its release. I watched the kickstarter campaign success and I was keeping an eye to the game for quite some time. From alpha, to beta, to release and so on... I bought the game a few months after it was released when it was on a sale. I think I paid 15 euros for this.All I can say is that it is totally worth it! The game is a mixture of Supreme Commander stategy style with a bit more simplicity for the more casual gamers. As for myself, I am a fan of RTS games & space/planet/sci fi stuff so I immidiatelly loved it. I've been watching 1v1s as well as clan wars on youtube about this game and I find myself enjoying watching these as fun as playing the game. It's a pity that it does not have a huge player base (about 2000-3000 active online players) but it is a great game as a future e-sport!Developers seem to still care about the game and try to balance and add units,buildings & features all the time so it has a lot of future in it."
,Recommended,233250,12008426,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Mclovin,"I feel like there is some updates needed to call the game complete. With that said Ive enjoyed it so far. If you dont mind waiting for the updates / bugs / kinks to be fixed, you'll have hours of fun. Otherwise wait for it to go on sale. Either way, when you start taking over planets and destroying stuff, you'll have fun.Would I recommend it in its current state? -Yes. I believe if you enjoy RTS's, especially on a large scale, you'll have fun.7/10 *( until its complete I can't give it anything over 7 )"
,Not Recommended,233250,33102066,Posted: 1 July,all,🎃TheSmeegan,Abandoned
76561198015505346,Not Recommended,233250,17612498,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Doomerzzz,"Its an okay game but its not as I would help, too expensive for what it is"
,Not Recommended,233250,17610811,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Toasty,Planetary Annihilation: TITANS...nuff said...
,Recommended,233250,13458905,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Triggerhappy,"You need to learn how to play well for the game to get trully fun. You need to practice to strive. But the fun - it never ends. Anyone get tired of smashing planets, or burning the out of existence? Evere get tired of puking units at eachother and baptizing eachuther in nukes? Me neither.  Certanly the best game I ever ran into on steam.UNIT CANNON - CheckANIHHILAZER -CheckPLANET SMASHING - CheckNUKES - CheckOFFLINE PLAY - CheckSYSTEM DESIGHNER - CheckBALANCE - Check"
,Not Recommended,233250,11190498,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Polysorbate,"Edit:I want to clearly say here at the beginning that my ""6 hours"" of gameplay only includes the time I've spent playing it on Steam; it was available to early backers for a long time before it arrived here in ""early access"".  I've not spent much time playing it since it came on Steam because I only occasionally start it up to see whether any of my complaints have been addressed, which to date they have not.Regarding the many glowing reviews this game has recieved and the number of people who have disliked my review, you should ask yourself whose opinion is more important to your decision whether or not to invest in this game's continued development:A) What people who've paid money for the game hope it might eventually turn intoB) The reality of how the game currently plays and a rational projection of how its development will continue based on how development has progressed to this pointIn my opinion, ""B"" is more valuable.  So this is my review of how the project currently stands and my projection for its future based on how development has progressed over the last few years. Also, while my review is strongly negative, I'm absolutely NOT hoping to see this game fail, I paid a lot of money for it and I desperately want RTS games to have a comeback.I'd truly love to be able to say that Planetary Annihilation is another example of how crowdfunding can save genres that mainstream publishers have abandoned, similar to how Star Citizen and Elite: Dangerous have demonstrated that there is still demand for space combat simulators.  However, I can't in good conscience just blindly recommend this game to people in hopes that the additional money in the developer's bank account will allow them time to fix the game's multitude of problems.  They've already greatly extended their development timetable and have almost nothing to show for it - in fact, late last year they finally just abandoned all notion of having a development plan and said that the game will be released ""when it's done""... well, there are companies that I'd accept this from - Valve, Stardock, etc - but the problem is, they're not one of those companies.  Their staff isn't hand-picked from industry-leading companies, there's no brilliant developer like Chris Taylor or Sid Meier at the helm.  Here's their proof that they can be trusted with your money: promises and delays.-----Original review:One of Planetary Annihilation's biggest problems at its core - battle across multiple randomly-generated planets - isn't conducive to good RTS gameplay.  The entire basis of the real-time strategy genre is the strategic use of terrain, and although this is probably the least fixable problem it's far from being the only one.  If you don't see why having randomly-generated battlefields is a terrible idea, let me explain:Think about your favorite RTS game; maybe it's Total Annihilation, Starcraft, Forged Alliance, one of the Command & Conquer games, or even something totally different like Homeworld.  All of these are great games in their own way but no matter how much you loved your favorite, I know that if you think about it you'll remember that not only were there maps you wanted to play on all the time, there were also maps you despised.  If you played a lot of multiplayer, your friends and people online probably had their own favorite maps too, and you might even have gotten in arguments because one of you was sick of playing certain maps so often.  Maybe your favorite map relied heavily on the use of a strategy you were really good at, or you enjoyed one that started each player on equal footing, or you liked a map because each starting location was unique in some way.Now, take all that away.  Instead of your favorite game coming with a carefully polished, gameplay-tested, diverse set of maps designed specifically to highlight and take advantage of the game's units, structures, and unique overall design, imagine all the maps are replaced with ones which are randomly generated and with no real terrain to speak of, not even something as elementary as differences in elevation.  Sure, there might be a few mountains, some canyons, a lake or two, and so on, but they serve almost exclusively as window dressing because they weren't placed by a professional human game developer in such a way as to foster strategic gameplay.  By coincidence they might occasionally form a small choke point or provide some other (purely theoretical) strategic value, but because they are so small and easily bypassed they still don't serve any purpose in terms of gameplay.What do I mean, ""easily bypassed""?  Well, all the terrain features are tiny compared to the scope of even a small planet... and there's the problem summed up in a single word: ""planet"".  Maps have no edges or corners, so you can attack (or be attacked) from any direction.  And by ""any direction"", I do truly mean ""any"" direction, including orbital bombardment, or even by way of an unstoppable planetary collision for which you have little warning.  This means that defenses are functionally useless most of the time because it's almost always quicker, cheaper, and easier to simply replace lost structures after the enemy has moved on than it is to attempt to defend your territory from every possible type and direction of attack.The same is true when attacking.  No matter how much damage you inflict, it often feels almost impossible to cause lasting harm to your opponents.  The game continues on and on like this, a planetary-scale game of ""musical chairs"", until one player's attention span is exhausted and they forget to move their commander out of harm's way, leading to it being destroyed and them losing the game.  Games end more often by accident than as a result of a clever plan or a strategic blunder.If you've read this far then you might be thinking (or hoping) that I'm out of things to complain about, but unfortunately you'd be wrong.  In fact, I've only scratched the surface of the things wrong with Planetary Annihilation's irreparably flawed core design, things so central to its basic concept that they can never truly be ""fixed"" because it would mean starting from scratch.  I haven't even begun on topics like the unit and structure balance, the interface, the graphics, the audio, etc.  That's because all of these things - even the random map design - are insignificant in comparison to the one singular thing that I believe will forever doom this game to serving as an example of the dangers of Kickstarter hype: after so long in development, there remains such a multitude of braindead-obvious flaws both in the game's design and presentation that I, as an early and enthusiastic backer of this project and a huge fan of RTS games in general, must conclude that the developers are genuinely trying their best to make a great RTS game but have absolutely no concept of how to do so.As I write this, the game is over 7 months late for its final release deadline, a date which had already been pushed back.  Its developers have now simply given it a release date of ""when it's done"".  I paid a lot of money in good faith to support this game's development so I truly, genuinely want to believe that even if it doesn't become the groundbreaking RTS we were promised, it might at least turn into a worthwhile product one day, but nothing I see right now points toward that being a likely possibility.  Just to put things in perspective, it was only few months ago that they first added water units to the game.PA will probably never be truly finished, let alone become an RTS in the same league as the 17 year old masterpiece that inspired it, Total Annihilation - or that game's true spiritual successor, Supreme Commander, which despite its own set of flaws still had a competent design at its core and was clearly developed with gameplay in mind from the first planning stages rather than as an afterthought.Do not buy this game."
,Recommended,233250,14129032,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,_Ho0cH_,"EDIT: Ignore my comment on the Devs i was reading reddit's comments and not steams!A lot of well justfied complants for early backers and disappointment with how the game ended up. But fortunatly i came in 4 months after it was released. After 3 hours in i can say that this is probably the most exciting RTS i've played in years.When i play a RTS i'm used to hiding in a hole and waiting for the computers to fight amongst themselves, but this game is diffrent. You try that in Planetary Annihilation you will lose, and you will lose quick. The only way to win PA is to be as aggressive and smart as you can. And that's something i really really like about this game.I'm absolutly in love with the planetary view it planning how to get to your enemys more interesting. Wanna get to your enemies but he is building a wall? Walk around it!  Another thing i really love about the game is the fact that you can jump to diffrent planets and hell even destroy the planets! It's just such a crazy and cool mechanic that i freaking love.The campaign for the game is also amazing because its a randomly generated board where you just have to destroy every enemy in the galaxy. I love it.There are downsides though. There are absolutly 0 tutorials in game. Wanna learn how to really play? Gotta hit up the wiki, and i really hate games that make me do that and it's really really unnessary. I dont' wanna read thousands of lines of stuff just to learn what each thing does i wanna play the game. Another thing i've been reading about is the Customer serverice is horridous and the developers of the game seem to be really hateful to the community lately. It also has always online which sucks but i'm always connected to the internet so i've never had that problem.Overall i'm giving this game a 8/10 and would recommend it if it goes on sale. It's very exciting and makes you think and makes you wanna play agressivly."
,Recommended,233250,14326654,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Donny the Dealer,An amazing spin of a game from my childhood.2nd to none ♥♥♥♥nig amazing
25164161564653519,Not Recommended,233250,22965772,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,BlitzKrieg44,♥♥♥♥ed me out of the new standalone game that should have been in the original game. Like WTF?
76561198008825938,Not Recommended,233250,17696068,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,shugorlr,"Making promises and telling lies, then releasing a mediocre game and then a non free expansion this soon...Severly let down by the creators of this game."
,Not Recommended,233250,17713367,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,|UESC|General Alden,"When it first appeared, Planetary Annihilation seemed like it would become one of the best rts games of the decade. For once we had a game that was not a clone of the one of the ""standard"" rts. (like Star Craft) The 3d worlds and unique art style, as well as the addition of the orbital layer seemed to have much promise. It was also a game by a smaller developer, and many of us like to support smaller companies. When I bought the game, it was not finished by any strech of the imagination. It was buggy, laggy, and had balance issues. But even then, it was fun. A while later, the game was better optimised, balanced, and had more unit variety ( around the time of the Unit Cannon update). That was when I really began to though that uber would pull the game together and make it into the game that the majority of players had hoped for when they bought it.Now that Titans has been released, I and many other players (judging by the reviews and steam forums) feel cheated. The fact that Uber has released our dream update as a seperate game is like a slap to the face. The game is not even near complete without the update. Its rediculous that Uber expects even the backers from the beta and gamma phases of the game to pay an extra $40 for an update to an unfinished game.I don't know about other players,  but Uber can say good by to any funds from my wallet until this is changed. I am sad that I had to give this game a bad review, as the concept was excellent; but I can't reccomend a game where needed updates cost as much as the game itself."
76561197999107339,Not Recommended,233250,17651425,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Captain Awesome,"Woah woah woah woah WOAH. This is released now? This is done? Hang on, this incomplete mess is -DONE- now? I payed a ridiculous fee(I think it was double, maybe triple, what the release price is now) to get into this games early access because it looked amazing and it promised much...So I assume this product is no longer being worked on, in favor of the new one which looks like a copy paste of the same game with more features and more units. Cool.No. Just no. It doesn't matter how good this game is, don't support this garbage. Honestly what's the point of buying this game anyways if the new one is the exact same thing only better?They charge a CRAZY amount to buy this game early and then suddenly call it done and a few months later release a stand alone game that's THE EXACT SAME THING ONLY BETTER AND COSTS MONEY. Who thought this was a good idea?! Who is the failure of a human being who thought this up, wrote it down, and proposed this to the developers in a meeting of their peers because they thought it was a great idea???? Fire that person immediately because he has tainted your names forever in this business."
,Not Recommended,233250,17652490,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,DrewTuber,"Stay away, far away. The devs are toxic and think they can add a few units to a game then sell it stand-alone for full price while abandoning the previous version."
,Not Recommended,233250,17654422,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Bert_Pitty,I actually enjoy this game but their shoddy buisness practices cannot be accepted.
76561198058699167,Not Recommended,233250,17608778,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Adoring Fan,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ON-7v4qnHP8OH! Did you hear the ♥♥♥♥ING NEWS!?PA: Titans was just released!It's the same ♥♥♥♥ing game, DONE ALOT MORE BETTER!SO ♥♥♥♥ EVERYONE WHO BOUGHT PLANETARY ANNIHILATION! WE'RE BASICALLY MAKING YOU PAY FULL PRICE AGAIN FOR A COUPLE NEW UNITS AND PLANETS!Seriously, I am really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, that Planetary Annihilation: TITANS isn't even just some DLC... I mean, IT'S THE SAME GAME! It is basically a DLC... That your paying FULL PRICE for. So... if you really... REALLY want to buy Planetary Annihliation...Go buy TITANS, because ♥♥♥♥ EVERYONE WHO BOUGHT JUST PA, RIGHT? ♥♥♥♥ ME, AND EVERYONE ELSE WHO BOUGHT THIS GAME!"
76561198027688301,Not Recommended,233250,17697174,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Rodentia,The fact alone that they released an entirely new game (that is actually just an updated version of this game) and then having the desire to *charge* me for it is enough for me to definitely not recommend this game. Do not buy.
76561198003048386,Not Recommended,233250,17663623,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Zender Railen,"Sure enough its a little late for reviews, but after the recent release of titans, i just had to say my piece.uber entertainment as a company has done a mighty fine job of destroying their own work, the thing is, they have the talent, they have the ambition, and they most certainly have the idea's.Whoever comes up with the idea's needs to be rescued from the hands of this company, and the ones responsible for the poor and almost pathetic implimentation, needs to be taken out back and shot.Super monday night combat and this, are fantastic games objectively speaking, absolutely amazing, but the thing is, they never really reached this stage.Super monday night combat was utterly abandonded in favor of this game, and this game just fails to achieve its own concept, a concept of which is the part that is truly amazing.So, to begin.Concept review.A war that is across a solar system, with an editor that allows for massive solar systems, conceptually speaking, this alone is a major selling point, an armada fighting to touch down on a new planet, then fighting for their beachead as reinforcements pump forth, until the teleporter is ready, allowing for a supply of reinforcements on the ground aswell.Actual review.Unfortunately we did not get this, infact, interplanetary combat is so poorly implimented, that it just becomes impossible to fight a turtled planet, which defeats the purpose entirely, if you cant attack the home planet without going nuclear, then it just becomes lame really.Units fighting units, superweapons that aren't the only means of assualt. idk it just really annoyed me how the concept of this game absolutely trounces the actual game, transport ships, orbital bombardment units, massive traqnsport ships, .....SHIPS!this is a real time strategy game, involving space. So where are the space ships?this lapse in judgment, this single lacking element just, i dont get it. Titans might have added more in the way of this, but that's behind a paywall. This game just completely failed at achieving its own goal.Im not one for pinning blame on every single individual involved, i mean, some of them are freaking amazing, the art, the design, the idea behind the concept, all great.But the implimentation and marketing just ruined it all, Implimentation might have even been ruined by the publishing side of the business rushing the development, resulting in the unfinished product, and the lapse in judgment and utterly unpolished still existing bugs.Its a shame to see such talent and potential wasted.I really didnt apreciate what they did to super monday night combat, there are too many moba's that just follow the same features as league of legends, smnc did something great, fresh, original, and it was great fun.20 minute waiting for battles, scaling up to infinate waits, a dead chat lobby, a dead game, an unfinished new game, insane pricing to begin with,so many mistakes.I do not recomend anything uber, until they harness the talent that works for them properly.And until they earn the faith of the fans back.We do not want another konami."
,Recommended,233250,14302584,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Bosswave,This strategy is so cool! There is everything which other SG games do not have! 10/10
76561198046691961,Recommended,233250,14396864,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Lockleus,"Bretty much the coolest game of all. You can do all sorts of really really stuff, like throw bombs in the air, and blow things up like Michael Bae, and build your own rockets like in Kerbin Space Program. My favorite thing to do is fly around in space, I do that a lot."
76561198004192701,Recommended,233250,26731196,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,123,"So I started off playing this originally on release after buying into the kick starter, at the time I struggled to play it and felt a little let down, BUT I have recently come back to this game and it has been an incredible experience. I've had a lot of fun battling the A.I which seem to be very fast and responsive to the player making it a good challange unlike other games where they're seemingly useless or just Godlike. The game is like all other RTS games, yes it can become repetitive but every match creates a new scenario, there are always differences between matches. Personally, securing a planet and coating it in defenes then creating a giant army, followed by silently making a teleporter on an unexplored planet then just flooding it with an endless swarm of units set to patrol randomly in every direction until there was nothing left but craters and debris was incredible, just witnessing a near endless flow through the portal and seeing how the enemies reacted and banded together to face armageddon really did set this game aside. I personally would recommend this game to others, the art style is beautiful, and the audio creates an immersive, descolate, clanking future. I love it."
76561198098272378,Not Recommended,233250,25864480,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,LordOfTheLoudReturnOfTheKush,They started with an amazing idea and some pretty great stuff. Then they decided not to take care of the bugs and crash prolems with the game. Futher more the game lags so much and they have done nothing about it. All they did was create a DLC which has ONE new item and yet it cost twice as much and is the same thing just with some improvement on bugs and performance issues that should have been taken care of in the original game. Even if you really like the idea and want to give a shot on a sale this game isn't worth a penny because of the absurd problems that the creators decided not to fix and instead try to get an insane cash grab with the DLC out of its player base. I suggest trying a game like supreme commander if you want a massive scale RTS game or just wait till the developers get their heads out of their asses and fix this. After all if there was just an ounce of love put into this games performance it may have been decent maybe even great but instead it turned to a heaping pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥cash grab.
,Recommended,233250,7741573,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Zevrow,"This is a must buy game, get it a decent price if you can, I got it for £39.99, with Galactic Conquest coming soon and the planet limit based on your hardware limitations, this game will be beyond amazing! Single player does exist and you can play with up to 40 people in a Galactic War, form alliances and more."
,Not Recommended,233250,13023736,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Kalijawan(Kal),"So happy I didn't kickstart this, I would have been very disappointed in the alpha versions. I played the Gamma version and could have sworn they would run out of letters in the greek alphabet before they got this♥♥♥♥♥♥together. Now the game feels dry when I play it."
76561198005406191,Recommended,233250,32647945,Posted: 22 June,all,servvsumbrarum,"*Note:  It is my understanding that there is a bit a bit of politicking involved in this game.  I do not base any of my review on this as I am not educated on the matter.  I can only go by what I’ve seen for the game itself.*Greetings Everyone!  So, it may come off as odd but I love this game; as a massive RTS it has almost everything I want in it mechanically.  Yes, this game is effectively in alpha in a lot of ways but the core of the game is there and the developers are constantly releasing updates and corrections.  A lot of the fun in any game is the core mechanics and really this game just needs to be fleshed out to be one of the cornerstones of RTS gaming.Classical Thievery:  The game is based almost completely on the original Total Annihilation; shamelessly stolen in many ways as the units, buildings and resourcing is the same.  You are given Vehicles, Bots, Naval and Air Units with both basic and advanced versions and defensive towers; along with metal extractors and energy generators.  If you are an RTS fan none of this should really surprise you and I don’t mind the almost copy and paste approach because it is expanded upon and frankly I’m enjoying myself reliving classic style game play.4D Chess:  Anyone who has played Total Annihilation has already seen all this and may be thinking:  “Why not just play that?”  Well, normally we’d talk about graphics, story or fine-tuning and where as some of this is improved upon these are not the reasons to give this game a shot.  Once you load a game you will notice something very unique; you are on a spheroid not a flat pane.  The battlefield is a sphere which allows multiple lanes of attack regardless of where you are relative to your opponent.  The game goes even further by providing one of the most enjoyable mechanics I’ve played in a while:  The ability to go seamlessly into space, onto another planet and back again.Slingshot Maneuver:  This brings me to the element that gives this game so much enjoyment:  Orbital.  In most RTS you have a land layer; probably a water and air one as well but in PA you can also build things that go into orbit and space; giving you the ability to attack, probe and resource in places even anti-air can’t get you.  Even more impressively you get the option to move the war to other planets by building spacecraft (sadly no mass transports yet), teleporters and even cannons that send units on a rocket ride.  With these amazing mechanics you expand to other planets increasing the size of the war dramatically; as well as being forced to find new ways to establish that beachhead instead of just amassing units.  Finally, you can even use the cosmos against the other commanders:  Building resourcing operations on gas giants or building power generators on metal planets to power their planet killing laser or even smashing planets into other planets.Bugs in the Commander:   The game has faults, a lot of them to be honest; there is next to no story to begin with and you are left with amusing little snippets of lore that usually are more funny than insightful.  But, I get the impression this is intentional:  The game does have a galactic conquest mode, although being very fun, I feel needs more.  It would be nice for it to be more involved than just a turn based map.  I’ve played several campaigns and never once been attacked.  The graphics are another area that people will complain and I find this less of an issue as you will be playing zoomed out most of the game.  I find this a needed shortcut if anything.  The games menus and navigation could use some help as well.  All these things seemed like deal breakers for me; the game feels like a tech demo for a proof of concept RTS but is just so much fun to play.When I first reinstalled this game I was expecting a quick game and to immediately uninstall it and type of a scathing review.  I am very pleased to have been wrong in this matter; this is why I am reviewing all my games as, if nothing else, I am giving all these games an honest shot.  Even a game such as this; one woefully lacking story and in dire need of some polish but with a core game mechanic so amazingly fun deserves and honest shot before judgment and I am happy to have done so.  With that said; should you buy this?  Well, yes, not only because the game itself is fun once you figure it out (the community tutorial is a much improved start from the first time I tried) but also because the developers seem to be releasing more and more content.  Much of the game feels unfinished but considering what I’ve seen I hope that it is slowly improved upon.  Recommend on a sale for fun or at full retail to support he developers if you are so inclined."
,Not Recommended,233250,12869273,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,KzA,"cool concept, but game is still not fully developed. Feels like a beta versionBad AI, sucess in campaign is based partially off luck, no in game tutorial, controls and shortcuts could be done better....Community support is present.Not worth 30$6/10Will edit again if updated"
76561197995865002,Not Recommended,233250,23133198,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Solar,Early access game.... they stopped updating the game for several months. then released the full product (bug free + content promissed) under a different name/title/price. ♥♥♥♥ing rip off. Avoid this company at all costs!!!
,Not Recommended,233250,13578324,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,sigod,"Don't buy this game until developers implement everything they promised!BTW, I like this game. Where else you can fight on different planets, destroy planets with other planets, etc and all at the same time? But it isn't worth 17 bucks or 4 or whatever yet."
76561198049900872,Not Recommended,233250,23045152,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Trumpet Jesus,"This game was marketed well, however when you actually play the game... youll see that it is broken. Crashes upon trying to play a battle and matchmaking system is abyssmal. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. The developers are ♥♥♥♥♥s for money."
,Recommended,233250,14309144,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Doc_917,"A very good rts. Universe exploring like Spore, good amount of unit and building, hard AI, the competitive mode is very challenging;)8.65 /10"
,Recommended,233250,29656152,Posted: 2 February,all,Ghetto_Fruit,Its very fun if you play with your friends
76561198005377505,Not Recommended,233250,17648210,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Ziperado,Full version of this game is called Planetary Annihilation: TITANS so don't buy this one unless you like paying for demo.
,Not Recommended,233250,17595812,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Stealth[ZF],"Very simplistic game with minimal upgrades and replayability. A bunch of friends and myself played this game for a few hours here and there for about a week tops till we did everything we could, but after that it gets rather dry and boring and lacks true excitement. Do not pay more than 5$ for this game."
,Not Recommended,233250,20628928,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Shooty Deluxe,"Game is just awful, unfinished, s**t.Not even close to the greatness of Total Annihilation or Supreme Commander.DO NOT buy this or the ""expansion""."
,Recommended,233250,14019551,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,XTC | CSGOBIG.COM,"Its cool, buy it if you like yelling when your things go boom on planet spoon"
,Recommended,233250,9332214,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,ɴɪᴄᴋᴇʟʙʟᴀᴄᴋ,"UPDATE 1/29/15This continues to blow me away with the content, and that's why i have over 1000 hours now. Call me biased, but it's really now my favorite RTS game of all time now. This balance and gameplay update brought some absolutely amazing features to the game, it's very close to being finished.Save game is also coming next! Yay!UPDATE 12/18/14Unit cannon HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥!!Literally made the game 10x better, no more stalemates.Honestly though, most bugs are squashed and mechanics feel super solid now.This is a definite steal, at $10 you might as well buy 3 for other people. This update has made things so much better, and I can't quite explain how much better this huge update made it.69/68 Would Cannon Unit Again.UPDATE 11/15I've gotten more out of the $40 I payed back in March. This game is the number one played game for me, and I'm not surprised even with L4D2 coming in at second place. Let me tell you why:PROS:Instead of listing stuff, which makes it look like the game only has highlighted parts, I am going to explain why I like it so much. The huge landscapes and massive armies without unit caps is the feaure that no other game can brag about. The moment the server starts to lag ever so slightly is the moment you realize that you did something right. Obviously, lag is bad, and it only occurs on huge systems or when you spam units.The modding community is one of the best I've been a part of, the organization and variety turn this game into a sandbox for game modes, inlcuding entire balance mods and game modes like ""Dox4Lyf"" where there are giant dox and dox cannons. This is the main reason why I come back to play it.Competitive play is also very healthy; with an active esports community and system editor, the competitve side is amazingsauce.CONS, AND WHY I DONT LIKE SOME OF ITYeah. There's no tutorial. But guess what? There's a thing called youtube. This is not an excuse for there veing no official guide, but really? You want an official tutorial in 2014? Sigh...Anyway, the game has lots of bugs, including some crashing, but there is a handy recconnect feature that will recconnect you to your latest game if you leave or crash. There are very few graphic bugs, and when something does happen with the UI, just press F5 and it should be fixed.The balance is kinda bad, but with a modding community, there is really nothing to worry about. Vanilla balance is still fun, it really is, but there are some obvious problems that need to be addressed.CONCLUDEPA is worth more than $30, and it's a shame people look at the cleche reviews here on steam and the rating on metacritic and automatically say ""nope"". The game has a future and it would be awesome to have more people be a part of it. It's the first RTS i've thoroughly enjoyed and should be for everyone."
76561198006744827,Not Recommended,233250,17466760,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,mmoyen,"I'm not huge into writing reviews, but having tried and wanted to like this game for so many hours, I just have to say it's been consistently disappointing.The game is visually stunning, and has a very clean, cel-shaded sort of look that is very appealing.  It takes some serious hardware to make it run, but the visual appeal is very high.  The main failings are in gameplay, particularly single player.In my opinion, they've made a big mistake in confusing length for depth, and after a while it becomes clear that the only real solutions to the game are to rush or grind.  Games seem to last either about eight minutes or three hours, with little in between.  You either assassinate your opponent's commander right away, or you're in for a very long, slow slog through hundreds of inert power plants and metal extractors, and assaults on base after base after base.  When multiple planets are involved, it slows down even further.  I add that with some serious disappointment, by the way, as multiple planets seemed like such a great idea, but in reality I have found it just a bridge too far in keeping track of an RTS like this unit by unit.  You can't really automate any of the things you'd like to be able to in order to make things like multiple planets or spherical maps work in any really convincing way, and very often you'll find yourself getting a ""Base Under Attack"" warning and spend more time wondering where it's happening than responding to it.  You can't set your units to do anything useful while you're not watching, like run away when they're attacked, or respond to enemies attacking your base.  You can set up a perpetual unit patrol, but that's about it.  And your little tanks will sit distressingly still while being bombarded from outside their sight range when you'd think they should be able to be set to retreat when they're hit, or when they've reached some kind of damage tolerance.  Maybe there are ways to do this, but they aren't terribly easy to see.  More often than not, they'll just kind of stand around waiting to die until you specifically tell them to do otherwise.Galactic War was particularly interesting in conception, and another feature I thought highly of initially, but the way it's structured is bizarre, and frequently puts you up against enemies that cannot be beaten, not because the AI is particularly smart, but simply because you play with handicaps based on having to randomly discover the correct technology to allow you to do even simple things like store energy or metal.  You can't recon planets ahead of time, you have to commit to an attack whole-hog, and if you haven't happened to chance upon some particular technology to counter something your opponent has that you don't, games become very hard to play.  Since you can't withdraw from an unwinnable battle, it means that one bad skirmish basically spoils your whole campaign.  This was an oddly obvious thing for a game that's so clearly structured in a system of strength and counter-strength, and I have to wonder why they have kept it working this way.  More often than not, your very first enemy has advanced, multifaceted tech options and you're simply throwing masses of first-tier tanks at him because that's all you have available.  I don't find that to be an element of depth or a challenge - I just find it frustrating at best, and boring at worst.  Moreover, the ""come-from-behind"" victories those conditions are apparently supposed to encourage don't feel rewarding, they  just feel like you spent an hour mobbing your opponent with masses of disposable units instead of planning and executing any kind of an interesting or multi-faceted attack.I hasten to add that I'm not huge on multiplayer experiences with RTS games, though, so take that with a grain of salt - playing against humans may be more of a rich experience, but if gameplay videos are anything to go by, it seems to be a lot of the same kind of build-up-and-rush tactics as more or less the only dimension of the game - few multiplayer games I've watched get anywhere near the final technology levels, making them essentially interestingly designed dead weight.  And to reiterate the point about the spherical planets: visually fascinating and well-conceived, but the feature doesn't add any real tactical detail or depth - it just makes it hard to keep track of what you're looking at and how your camera is oriented.  It also very often results in what's ""up"" being totally relative, and so makes the maps hard to track, especially, again, when you have more than one planet to worry about.I plan to come back to this from time to time, but overall, I find it to be a drag more than anything else.  It's not so much excting to play as it is long and frequently irritating.  Somehow, on the way from Supreme Commander to here, they lost the real character of the game.  If you're looking for Supreme Commander 3, this is not it.  Stick with Forged Alliance and you'll be much happier with the experience."
76561198005687135,Recommended,233250,14562701,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Mark16642,Can't understand why there are as many negative reviews as there is. This game is fantastic. It's extreme simplicity with strategic depth is a great combination. Not to mention the cool retro look to the armies. This game feels very unique and I would recommend this to anyone.
,Recommended,233250,12213468,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,CULT|icycalm,"The first REAL real-time strategy game ever, because it is SCALE that creates opportunities for strategy, and previous RTSes (which are really RTTs with limited base-building) have lacked precisely scale. Yes, even Supreme Commander. You don't know what scale is until you've played this game.Game of the Year Awards (1962-present):http://culture.vg/reviews/awards/game-of-the-year.htmlVideogame Culture:http://culture.vg/features/art-theory.html"
,Recommended,233250,16481813,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,MangoMango,"This game has become truely excellent; an excellent development team, continual updates, superb game play performance, huge battles, strategic multi-planetary combat, with the awesome new single player experience topping off the experience.A truely excellent game and complete bargain for less than £4!Even if just to blow to up a planet with a giant death-laser...."
76561198042678477,Recommended,233250,14286541,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Artuff,This Game is great each round is diffrent then the last. working togeather in teams alone is great. the game runs great and keep getting updates.
,Not Recommended,233250,17611121,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,COOJ,Shallower than the kiddies' pool at the local swimming centre.
76561197975013840,Not Recommended,233250,10914058,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Daddio,"I know its early release, but feels like I wasted money on a Supreme Commander clone that is not nearly as good or smooth as SC1. So many things are missing, and its just awkward to control - I just gave up because you get pummeled - not because you aren't building well, but the controls are brutal! Scroll a bit with your mouse wheel and you're so zoomed out you can't see anything. You can't find units unless you are zoomed in very far, and meanwhile you're trying to scroll back across your round planet, to find your units, you're getting squashed because it took you a minute to find your troops.Its too bad - I love RTS games, but unless this gets a lot of improvement, I'm back to Supreme Commander and Sins....sigh, so much lost potential."
76561198005839279,Not Recommended,233250,23571641,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Ronald Trump,"Don´t buy it now, it´s too late for this game. The developers stopped updating this game in favor of a new DLC ( yeah it´s true, they made a new game and stop suporting the others so I would recommend not buying ANYTHING that this company does ) there are a lot of bugs and you probably won´t find online games now. It´s a pitty to see how a good idea and a good start was ruined by a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ company and his policy . Haven´t played the expansion Titans either but I would not recommend it due to what I´ve said."
,Recommended,233250,8465001,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Crimsonted,"Planetary Annihilation------------------------------------------A groundbreaking RTS (Real Time Strategy) game. Very many levels of strategy where terrain affects strategy dramatically. There is no one powerful strategy that everyone uses, spicing up gameplay and requiring a smart person who can adapt to different challenges and scenarios. I have spent over 270 hours playing this game and I plan to keep that number counting as more updates are released. It is not a game, like other RTS' that you can take your time and stare at your guys. You need to be quick and manage your troops effectively. Once you start expanding to other planets and making more bases, managing gets harder. Giant pushes of units will not work anymore. You have to corrdinate attacks from many means, space, land, air, sea, etc. Attack from multiple fronts and use the planet to your advantage. It's a sphere, you can attack from anywhere. Take over your enemies' outposts, manage your resourses, annihilate your foes.ATTENTION: MANY PEOPLE HAVE  QUIT THIS GAME DUE TO THEIR INCOMPETENCE IN PLAYING THE GAME EFFECTIVELY. THIS IS NOT AN EASY GAMENote: If you are looking for a singleplayer experience, do not purchase this game. The game is geared towards multiplayer gameplay. Singleplayer gameplay does not reflect the multiplayer game very well at all. Also, mutliplayer games can range from being very short or very long in length. (10 minutes to a few hours)The Review In Numbers-------------------------------------------Overall Score-9.9-------------------------------------------Art-9.5 (Cartoonish, which looks cool, but some people do not like for some reason)Gameplay-10Strategy-10Unique concept and mechanics-10Interplanetary War/Conquest-9-------------------------------------------Content in updates/Regular Updates-9Multiplayer Fun/Playing with friends-10"
,Recommended,233250,13201561,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Sparrow,"So far, this is a really fun game that I have no regrets purchasing.My short summary of PA:The aggressive, large scale, macro-focused, pick up and play rts with excellent esport potential.My past RTS experience:Starcraft 1 and 2, Supreme Commander, Homeworld 1 and 2, Company of Heroes, Warcraft 2 and 3, Command and Conquer: Yuri's Revenge/Red Alert 3, Age of Empires 2/Online, Warhammer 40k: Dawn of War (all expansions), Army Men: RTS (for kicks and giggles)Pros:No needlessly complex mechanics to give the illusion of ""strategic depth"" making for clean gameplay.The pace isn't woefully slow and feels great. Early game isn't repetitive and boring (unlike Starcraft 2) since units get out VERY quickly.Very mod friendly (especially for UI and hotkeys)Can create your own mapsUnit diversity is certainly sufficient (I've played MANY Starcraft 2 matches with less unit diversity than this game)Multiplayer community is still active (this is primarily a reaction to people shouting ""ded gaem!1"" with no basis [basically because it's not nearly as big as more mainstream competitive games])Awesome Picture-in-Picture feature that allows you to multitask two speparate locations (planets, even) at once.One faction means everyone's using the same tools to get the job done. Places emphasis more on player skill.Matches can last anywhere from 8 minutes to over an hour.Awesome art style and soundtrackCons:Single player campaign is lacking. It's definitely still fun! But it doesn't have a lot of meat. No continuous story.Units still need to be balanced more. (This is always the case with a recently released rts, and the game isn't HORRIBLY balanced) Naval is very underwhelming at the moment. Basic bot unit (dox) needs tweaking to become less prominent in the early game. Tier 2 units (which are pretty sweet) need to be worked to a point where their use is more encouraged. As of now, they aren't used that much.The community has made several balance mods already, however.One faction can be disappointing to those who were looking for drastically different playstyle shifts.That's about it, folks. The game contains much more good than it does bad. Many reviews on here seem very emotional or overly sensationalized so hopefully this was concrete and objective enough to aid you in a responsible purchasing decision."
,Recommended,233250,13260208,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Snaker,"This game is full of surprises, you can't make 2 games the same way,The only con: it needs more players :o"
,Recommended,233250,14399615,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Tanky Wanky,"A note about the reviews:Lots of negative reviews were posted in the Fall due to the game being launched as an offically release (instead of early access) while lots of key features were missing. At the same time, the developer launched a kickstarter for a different game, which scared a lot of players (including myself) into thinking that that Planetary would be abandonded and unfinished. But each month we've been getting big patches that added in matchmaking, annihilasers, unit canons, balance tweaks, new air and sea units, etc. The devs are still working hard on planetary, and it plays like a complete game.This is a great RTS that breaks the mold, and you'll never feel like you've played the same match twice."
76561198088491514,Not Recommended,233250,35040688,Posted: 18 September,all,Reich,the last update was i dunno probs 4000 years agobonus its dead...
76561198064060381,Not Recommended,233250,12871413,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,CowmanJak,"Fun at first, until the realization hits that this game is all about economy and not really at all about warfare.  Pretty much just build a big army and send it at someone.  You can try surgical, but turrets (especially air) are fairly cheap and do work if set up with just a little bit of intelligence.  The whole planet busting thing is cool, but only late game when playin against lots of people.  Also, the interface needs to be streamlined in order to more easily control units, because its very easy to lose them and not have workers working on anything.  In conclusion, too much economy, not enough warfare, poor interface."
76561197970616021,Recommended,233250,14241132,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Tekk,Very nice game but I think it still does not let you SAVE a game.... bleh. C'mon!!
,Not Recommended,233250,13713344,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,vebski,"Avoid this game if you want to have silky smooth expirience.This game is packed with bugs (and it's seems like devs with each patch fix few old ones and add new ones),and oh my god the performance of game and servers is so terrible.You have 1-2hours and want to play quick game? Forget it. Prepare for constant loading, waiting, crashing, freezing etc. (Even if your PC is well above Recommended).Don't get me wrong, I love the gameplay. But every time I start this game there is some problem with it."
,Recommended,233250,14281306,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Koch,i love to kill people with planets
,Recommended,233250,13995056,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Mortalyzer,"If you like RTS and over the top inter-planetary  strategic battle, this is the game for you. Thou limited (still) to one simular technology this game offers a great variety of possibilities for total destruction among one another.The great mass production of buildings and units possible while maintaining a constant metal and energy flow really works very addictive, being efficient as a robot/computer is essential is some battles, losing concentration in multiplayer and even Skirmish against AI battles isn't done, this will result in getting behind one schedule and end you up being annihilated  !!!!Really a game I would like to recommend !!!See you in Space ..."
76561198038129010,Not Recommended,233250,10362108,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Commissar Joshwerds,"My mother told me if you have nothing good to say, don't say anything at all.So heres my review."
,Recommended,233250,11154008,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Super Cool Dave,Crushed enemy base by driving 2 asteroids into it while hardcore orchestral music was playing in the background.10/10 would play again
,Not Recommended,233250,17616657,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,nai249,"Planetary Annihilation was a fun game but the Planetary Annihilation:Titans should have been an update to the original game. The original game, while fun, lacks content. My hope was that instead of just making a new game they would improve the current one. At this point I could not recommend this game or Planetary Annihilation: Titans as I would not be surprised if something similar happened."
,Recommended,233250,14520299,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Taxi Man,"Built a massive army just about to go to battle, gets nuked. Uninstalls game"
,Recommended,233250,14557257,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Ghawst,"So fun! This game is very fun to play with and use strategy in to plan how do ANNIHILATE your enemy. Fun game, still being worked on, Not alot to say at the moment. 8.5/10, Worth the money.Thanks for reading, Ghawst."
,Not Recommended,233250,20147656,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Madog,"I loved Total Annihilation, both Supreme Commanders (even if storyline was a... well... medium) , this is... undeveloped. Or maybe I'm getting older and require more.One faction, no storymode, comic style - can't get through this game. I like dirty tech-like desing of previous titles. Right now I feel like I'm commanding papercut army of same looking units.Even if the gameplay is fun, I didn't get to this part, because in first few hours game doesn't make you want to play more. AI is just stupid as hell, and I won't hit multiplayer without knowing the game.Has potential, but no soul."
76561198002282044,Not Recommended,233250,21195383,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Mr. Robot,How is this considered an RTS? It's literally just ♥♥♥♥ing spamming units.
76561198071098855,Not Recommended,233250,20038474,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Sanitary Sanchez,"this game is pretty, pretty bad...costs too much for what it is."
76561198027427318,Recommended,233250,14325507,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,LightSpeed,kick♥♥♥♥♥game a must get then annihilation annihilation annihilation
76561198156463606,Recommended,233250,14231767,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Berse,I LOVED THIS GAME ALL THE WAY!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198014863320,Not Recommended,233250,17853961,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,whiteseal,"Why is this even still for sale? Standalone expansion is the same price and features this game + other content. Why does Steam allow this sort of behavior? This is 100% a scam. Releasing a ""standalone"" expansion with 5 extra units is shady enough.Game itself is dull, uninteresting, no single player content to speak of and no multiplayer community now that a standalone expansion was released (didn't have much to begin with). Game stability is poor as well, multiple bugs and crashes particularly late game."
76561198010574227,Recommended,233250,14232457,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Hamer,"It's basically Supreme Commander 3. Nearly every detail about this is straight-up Supreme Commander rip-off. What sets it apart is the very cool solar system map style that allows for literally global conflict and, as the title suggests, very satisfying planetary annihilation.Unfortunately it is very true that the game is buggy. More than once I built rocket boosters on a small moon and launched it into a crash-course with an enemy commander, only to have the two celestial bodies simply vanish on impact (I just pretend they both silently imploded).  When they do successfully collide it will leave a crater half the size of the planet on the target, but units will still be able to build there, floating in the air as if there is no crater at all.The graphics need work too. I understand that the scale of the game is enormous, but there are no textures to speak of at all. Supreme Commander looked better.My biggest gripe is that the map creator simply DOES NOT WORK. At all. I spent good chunks of time creating my own solar systems to play on, but when I load the maps in-game they are completely different from what I made. The only thing that carries over is the actual name of the system. That really grinds my gears.However, Planetary Annihilation is FUN. That's what matters most to me and that is why I give it my recommendation."
,Recommended,233250,13990331,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Medieval_pc™,"This game is great, reminds me of total annihilation, a game back in 2000 or so."
76561198059755407,Recommended,233250,9406646,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,SCAF,"great game...still some small bugs but they fix stuff pretty fast, devs are really good.. for the most part great community :)"
76561197961029627,Recommended,233250,14006990,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,PbJunky,First time playing got my planet destroyed by a moon with rockets 10/10
76561198087791730,Not Recommended,233250,21887681,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,ZAKU,"They ♥♥♥♥ed over everyone by-still playing PA, by releasing PA:T essentially cutting the multiplayer community in half.-making space nothing more than this novelty♥♥♥♥♥♥to attract attention to their lack luster game (e.g. ramming planets)-having long boring games because, you're starting on another planet... They have one space combat unit-never actually balancing the game properly-only having one race in a modern RTSI could go on, but writing this review isn't worth my time, and playing this game isn't worth yours."
,Not Recommended,233250,20399479,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Dirt Diver,"It's games like this which give 'Early Access' a bad name. If I would have known that after spending ages developing the game they would release the final concept and call it 'TITANS' which they've sneakishly disguised as an expansion.For people that got this game in Early access, should be able to get the content they were promised, for that reason I would not recommend this game and I'm not willing to give them more money for what should have been content in the original game."
76561198094307501,Not Recommended,233250,12069805,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,awblue97,"A great concept with lacking executing. Naval and orbital aspects of the game are unfortunatly underdone. Missing the trademark features original TA players want. Definatly had some fun matches, but the game is very glitchy and it is very frustrating to play. Many times i have been deep into a game only to watch my base be walked in on as my turrets wont fire, or watch my entire planet get nuked as 4-6 fully loaded anti nuke launchers do nothing but watch. If you can get a non glitchy game, you'll have fun. But then you'll be burned out as you lose time and time again because the game simply is very bugged. Probably could have spent 30$ elsewhere better,  still had fun for a bit but not worth it."
,Recommended,233250,14398376,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Pineapple?,good game
,Recommended,233250,14404452,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Dawnreaver VanDamGoof,"The game is really good at this point even if there might be some updates coming soon to fix it even better, I personally like this game very much and enjoyed every second i used in it. All games start out small and build itself upwards.. I recommend this game for everyone who likes to have some strategy games going together with friends. Its also alittle fun alone too if you get the hang of the basics. So yeah, i personally recommend it alot."
,Not Recommended,233250,33824945,Posted: 26 July,all,TheDarkness,"The game is kinda meh but coming from a company who continuously abandons its games ( Monday Night Combat, Super Monday Night Combat ) and tries to claim this game is ""finished"" ( it clearly wasnt ) only because they wanted to do a kickstarter for ANOTHER game and couldnt until all other games were out of Early Access.Developer needs to just stop making half-baked games and stick to making one good game and supporting it. I loved Super Monday Night Combat but the developer just dumped it. I absoulutely cannot support a developer who just dumps a game less than a year after its release."
,Not Recommended,233250,25693599,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,FlabbeRiFiC,"DON'T BUY THIS GAME, if you buy anything better buy the Titans PA since that basically includes this game.Also they did a bs move at making the Titans and re-release instead of making it a DLC sort for purchase for the base game and making people buy the game all over again for new features (featured on titans version).To be honest this is basically normal move by developers now a days but still... ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t move.Gameplay wise it's a 7/10. a bit laggy when building huge systems and multiple planets and stuff. could be optimized.As an RTS it's a solid 10/10But still, Titans is out there so still no point in buying this game.Developers are a solid 1/10. ♥♥♥♥ em."
,Recommended,233250,14307675,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,__RUFUFUS__,this game is one of the most awesome rts game i have ever played in my life. i liked it so much in fact that now orsis one of the commanders is my profile picture!i have never seen an rts where you can go to multiple planets and have 2 battles at once!!loved it but it is missing some other awesome features!9.5/10:)so worth it!
,Not Recommended,233250,11992592,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Zombieskittles,"Unfortunately, despite being an apparently released product, the game still feels incomplete and messy. It feels like there is no real direction and the game design seems rushed."
,Recommended,233250,13238891,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Killander,I like this game. It makes me feel happy.
,Not Recommended,233250,12856954,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,NoVa,"Summary: Dont buy. Greedy devs. Kickstarter cashout after butthurt because their second kickstarter flopped.From my comments on the latet ""Titan"" release, which should have been a free expansion to this:So let me get this straight, I paid $60 dollars for a game you are now packaging into a ""DLC/Expansion"" that costs $40 dollars and the game STILL feels unfinished, uninspired, and poorly designed from the ground up? And no mod suppourt? Way to make the consumer feel like we got cheated. Sorry nobody wanted to crowdfund your other game and you now packaged its ideas into this one, but poor business move. I will not be purchasing and I will be avoiding any project you associate with. You should fire whoever had the idea of this. Everyone that paid full price should be given a copy of this. If you called it a ""Free Expansion"" like the guys who make the Endless series of games, you would see sales flourish again.Original review followsfurther♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off customer note: Now its on sale for SEVEN BUCKS? when you hosed everyone for a brutally unfinished product that they bought on good faith and now you reduce it to CLEARANCE price? way to spit in our faces further for our purchase of this horrid piece of garbage. back to Starcraft II2015 notes: They are still adding units like a unit cannon and submarines... If you game was done you would not be adding entire CLASSES of units. Fail.New reviewNow that gameplay has been fleshed out, and technical issues like offline play have been solved, looking at the core game I am still dissappointed. There are many who might cite my reasons as positive for the game, but I am not a fan of the end result. Recently was on sale for like 5$. I feel very cheated by this Early Acess title that is ""Final Release"" and ""Full Feature""-ProsLarge scale multiple planet combatSound is good, even if it does lack that 'oomph' of games with a camera that is closer up.Music is good, although limited.Multiplayer works well enough, and is (As of oct. 2014) populated enough to find a game easily.Everything works very smoothly, from worker and unit AI to menus and UI-ConsEconomy would be good, but maps are so random you could get a spawn point with zero resources, or ten, which can end a game before it starts (Patch is coming for symmetry I am told... )Combat is very bland due to replacable units and the feeling of no impact of losing one. (Not like losing your first tank in Company of heroes, or that ever important first couple units in Starcraft.Sound is good as I said above, but you will get very sick of the same four tracks of music, and I like a little variance in my explosion sounds if theres gonna be 50 of the same unit dying. personal taste makes this a con.The tech tree is very uninspired. You have a few types of units (Bots[Infantry], Air, Naval, Vehicles, Orbital) and two tiers of those units, you make a basic and an advanced production building and suppourt/defensive structures.Units themselves are very boring. Instead of having some standard units with some specialists and some power units, you have units that are only good at one role, or are bad at multiple, and nothing that really *Shines* except for maybe the orbital lasers and the planets-as-weapons thing. Snooze.The campaign is absolutely HORRID, it is a ""randomly generated galaxy"" which is really just a series of skirmishes in an attempt to make it seem like an epic space campaign. Not even worth mentioning it HAS single player as far as i'm concerned. Limits rather than expands the tech tree to make an inventory system, much fail.Balance is very, very wrong. Defenses dont take more than a few hits and take ages to kill anything, tons of units one-shot and are one-shotted, its eseentially a race to the superweapons or spam so much until you can whittle down the commander. makes for very boring gameplay."
,Recommended,233250,34449510,Posted: 23 August,all,StormCrusade,Enjoyable but pretty much dead at this point never any online matches i got this game when it was 60 bucks dumb buy because it was half finished and when it was fully finished it was only 20 bucks but in the end its an ok game if you love having huge armies battle it out if you are more into the micro managing and tactics kind of thing then i would go to other games over this one.
,Recommended,233250,14377135,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,TheVoiceOfTravis,"So basically if you start out getting your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you, you can literally with one man left turn the odds around. If you are skilled enough and or think smart, this game has endless possibilities. The controls are smooth once you get used to it, everything just flows. The graphics are excellent and you do not have lag when you have hundreds of units the FPS and game mechanics are optimized fantastically. This game should be way  more popular and i hope it gets the attention it deserves. The best part about this game is that you don't have a CAP on your army. You can have an endless army that's just massive!My 2nd 1v1 game I played I rocked this dude. he wiped my army out but I had enough time to get a launch pad and get my commander to the Planetary destroyer planet or what ever its called. I got him there and immediately expanded resources and massed bombers and executed planet wide patrols so this guy could not land on my planet.. well I accidentally over looked a small part of the planet were he was able to plant a teleportation building and transferred at least 400 to 500 units. I immediately gathers all bombers and fighters, I positioned all my fighters to go in first and take the first wave of AA attacks then sent in my bombers in one quick strafe run my bombers took out ALL of the units and destroyed the teleportation device I immediately beefed up on my orbital patrol units and what ever he sent in after I destroyed and this was on going until i finally gained control of my Planetary destroyer.He mass sent at least 6 to 7 nukes but luckily I knew he was going to do that because it was just commons sense he had no other options or crash his planet into mine.  so i made ANTI nuke missile's. GG his planet was wiped and I win and he raged. turned out he was like over 100 plus games in and it was my 2nd. GLORIOUS!  This game has endless possibilities and you will always have something to counter anyone's military so choose wisely.Best part about that battle was my orbital scout made it to his planet before I blew it up and he had at LEAST 300 orbital bombers. if he made it to my planet I would have lost."
76561198076002720,Recommended,233250,14250482,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,TheNevey3,"Built A Massive Base On One Planet, Underestimated Thier Base, Retreated To A Moon, Made Annormouse Base. Start To Build Hally On Moon, Successfull. Fire Moon At Planet, Gas Giant Got In The Way...Millions Of Fabrication Bots Died That Day Because Uranus Got In The Way10/10 Would Fire Moon Again."
,Recommended,233250,14667247,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,mr_mau,"Planetary Annihilation is in a nutshell a really good game:The Graphics are great, since the patches the gameplay is too and the overall feeling is good.If you played Supreme Commander you'll like this game :P"
76561198027435662,Recommended,233250,14289401,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Jack Be'Flippen,"Ok, I had held off buying this game until on sale due to the very negative reviews i had read since the beggining. I just want anyone to know that if you love total Anilliation the game is gold. the game has come a long ways since those bad reviews when the game was released as a alpha probably too early. the game is now in a MUCH better state and is so worth playing.In Other words, buy this game if you like RTS of any type. This game is going forward very nicely. - i reccomend this game to any RTS lover who is getting a bit tired of the normal C&C type games. this one makes you think, plan, and laugh hysterically when things work out."
76561198004068527,Recommended,233250,14236850,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Jack Skellington,I crashed a planet into another planet.  I'm hooked.
,Recommended,233250,15832929,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Chewedog,"This game is a good, fun real time strategy. my only complaint is the lack of easy/easier difficulties for beginners"
,Recommended,233250,14397032,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,AI: KronaSamu,"This is a GREAT game, i have played many RTS games including starcraft Age Of Empires (all of them) and many of the total war games and this gasme is by far my favoriate, this game offers an original an inovative new battlefield that adds a whole new level of strategy. i strongly reocmend this game to RTS lovers, it is great to play as a beginer or advanced player."
,Recommended,233250,14248825,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,◬SlayerWasp,"HIGHLY RECOMMEND this game, it is amazing. This game features good core mechanics, RTS feel, resource concept, global mapping, good stable engine, and tons of other features. The game is highly innovative and full of good fun with tons of carnage. I give this game a final score of 10/10, also the company, Uber Entertainment, is really cool and always makes sure thier games are always getting new content and updates."
76561198085708179,Recommended,233250,14395039,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,ArchInvasion skinhub.com,Probably the best rts i've ever played. I give this game 5 ♥♥♥♥s out of 5
76561198151956731,Recommended,233250,13288669,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,no hope left,Play it for 5.99!
76561198018277440,Not Recommended,233250,12195556,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Revoker,"Don't buy this, sup com does it so much better and so much cheaper too, this is basically a beta that will never get finished."
76561198068668470,Not Recommended,233250,25324503,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Jonathan,good game destroyed by greedy developer
76561198015526767,Not Recommended,233250,11989947,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,NIN2,One massive lagging experience!
76561198073244432,Recommended,233250,15066576,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Bbrink1996,If you like RTS games on a larger scale then this is the game for you.Building massive armies and invading other planets just feels so good if you manage to pull it off. Or you can build a Death Star and destroy entire planets by the click of a button.Game is pretty well optimized and will probably run on lower end computers as well but tends to lag every now and then if you're playing on a map with 5 or more planets.For those that are interested in lore there is plenty of that in the singleplayer Galactic War campaign. Not to mention the amazing soundtrack this game has.The art style might not appeal to everyone but I quite like it.9/10 would destroy entire solar systems again. ;)
,Recommended,233250,12339630,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,arbitalius,"The game is badly optimized, waiting for updates.The idea is very cool.The soundtrack is mediocre.================rus===================Игра пока плохо оптимизирована, ждём обновлений.Идея очень крутая.Саундтрек посредственный."
,Recommended,233250,10243358,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,MaryJ.eXe* |,This is the biggest and best RTS I have ever seen and played it is literally my dream RTS with planet size maps no unit caps and epic structures of mass destruction plus there is massive exspansionn to OTHER planets which makes this game 100 times bigger than any RTS that I have ever seen or that I think will ever come to life all these amazing features and they havent even finished it yet espescialy since they added this new single player mode so all im saying is that I cant wait for more.
,Not Recommended,233250,17607914,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,[MSU] Weeks,"I knew when PA came to Steam it was going to be nothing but a  poop storm diaster. Steam isn't kickstarter, don't post your unfinished game under early access and expect rediculous kickstarter like donations. Steam is for product distrubution not charity for your overhyped unfinished game. After their first cash grab Uber went on and released a second cash grab attempt. Again screwing over every steam user in favor of kickstarter morons who think game development should be run like a charity. Turns out that method of funding game development is about as productive as faith healing televangelists. You get nothing they get rich.Valve can't do anything out of fear of scaring away indie talent. So scum like Uber get to contiune on exploiting the community."
76561198021653784,Not Recommended,233250,17622900,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,2TauntU,Well this is my first review sorry it wasn’t a thumbs up…Okay so after taking a deep breath and calming down after my PA buddies told me about PA TitansI sat back and really thought about it is what Uber did cool or not cool??Okay so I’m a kickstart player I think I’m helping a software company get a title off the ground to what I would think is PA 1.0 a finished retail playable game then half way through this kickstart they try to release another title! I was upset at that point lucky the project was scrapped for whatever reason… but now I’m head shy of these guys $55 for PA is not a lot for a good title but I wanted to see the journeys end a finish retail ready game witch PA is not in my opinion. Then they come out with PA Titans this means they were dividing their time between two projects not being up front with kickstarters they call it a “stand alone expansion” this should have been the natural progression of PA!! not a “stand alone expansion” or DLS free for all kickstaters  not just 40.000$13 is not much I will go ahead and get it but with a sower taste in my mouth!Funny thing is Supreme commander forged alliance with a few mods is still today a better game than PA I play it more than PA and it’s like ten years old lol!PS.This is the last “Early access” game I’ll ever get!
,Not Recommended,233250,17609131,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Ravalin,You're better off spending your money hiring a midget in a robot costume to kick you in the groin. Less painful too.
,Not Recommended,233250,17610819,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,SoggyCow ✅,nobody is online. game died a long time ago.
76561197976082008,Not Recommended,233250,17611658,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Mystery,garbage cash grab company. releases Titans which should be part of this game
,Not Recommended,233250,17643005,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,NethKhadar,released an expansion before fixing the bugs in the main game. such cashgrab much wow -_-
,Not Recommended,233250,17616923,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Crystal,"Here are in short why I don't recommend this.1:Game is half finished.2:They seem to have dropped support and went to produce their PA:Titans instead3:Game is no longer possible to even buy.I truly feel sorry for people who bought this with like 90€ and are left with half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game and have to pay even more to get full game on separate stand-alone expansion. Discount does help, but at this point lot of people have given up on hope."
76561198073115406,Not Recommended,233250,17619145,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,TheTrashcan27,"ok so the new ""titans have come out"" and i thot it was a like DLC. .. you not already in the game .... so then i saw that there was a 1 gb update the the real game and i added nothing but if you go in to galactik war you can get a tech point that says ""titan tech"" and it says it "" allows advanced fapricators to build all titan class units"" now back to that 1gb update that came out the car of the new ""dlc"" i think that all of the new stuff is already in the game you juat can not use them unless you get the new ""DLC"" and if that is the case ...... that is just bull s.h.i.t im sorry but if the devlepers want to make money the should give up the game thr origanl was supost to be ..."
76561198031151424,Not Recommended,233250,17621902,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,kannito2000,Why should i buy the game again to get a DLC and a patch? Fk**** Marketing
,Not Recommended,233250,17623420,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,ehh_,Played Forged Alliance and was hoping this game would turn into something fun and similarupdated version of the game released as a stand alone expansion that you have to buy all over again even though I havent played a game yet and steam refuses to refund meScrew any developer that does stuff like this. Don't buy this game or anything from these guys.0/10 - Screw you Uber
,Not Recommended,233250,17623593,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,шакал,♥♥♥♥ you DLC ♥♥♥♥♥ES
,Not Recommended,233250,17634212,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,chickdan,"I honestly love PA, but I feel I should warn potential customers of the shady developer behind this game. PA is a great game that works most of the time. I have come across a fair share of bugs, but nothing that completely breaks the game. Uber, instead of patching the game, decides to release a stand alone expansion that adds 21 units and an equal if not greater number of bugs. So the original PA will never be patched since TITANS is now their focus. I cannot support a company that does this to their customers."
76561198028672793,Not Recommended,233250,17633531,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,[$hef] Gstacoop,BULLSH@T JUST BULLSH@T
,Not Recommended,233250,17634092,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,ThePavlichenko,"This game, oh god this game. I love this game, enough to pledge 80 bucks to them when they first started a kickstarter for this game. 80 dollars and many frustrating games later, they release more content and patches to fix the problems plaguing this game, but to everyone, including my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ they want another arm and a leg. To pay so much and get so little and then see this happen, is disappointing. If you can get it on sale for 3.99, then do it. Other than that, this game isn't worth it. Not after seeing what theyre doing."
76561198060962594,Not Recommended,233250,17634139,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Doc Motrin,After what i paid was expecting a finished game with good game play. sadly i was not entertained
,Not Recommended,233250,17634310,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Soups,"No, this game started fun and entertaining but the devs have become greedy and ruined it. Theres not much to be said besides avoid the series like death."
,Not Recommended,233250,17635412,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Hellrunner,"Most of the things shown in the trailers is wishfull thinking. Not only got it crowdfunded for an exorbitant amount. It also has ""Micro"" transactions (6 Bucks per Unit, and there are plenty) and full price DLC. You could easily spen 200-300 Bucks on this one. Does it deliver for that price? Not in the slightest. The game sessions are luck based clusterf**ks that have litle to do with strategy.Maybe it will be as pollished and impressive as the trailers promise in the future. But not today. Right now its a cashgrab and the development time took ages allready with little improvements.My tag for this one ""Money Annihilation"""
,Not Recommended,233250,17638025,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,oxitran,The game promised so much and with the release of the standalone dlc titan it broke those promises.♥♥♥♥ this developer and dont ever give them your money.
76561198009164046,Not Recommended,233250,17649236,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,optic5471,"Well this game was really good, but then they go and realease a new version of the game (NOT AS DLC) but as a stand alone that you actually have to go and buy seperatly! What the heck?! That is not okay, I dont want to buy the game again in order to get the ""update"" to the game. They left this game as a 80% complete game and then go and release it again as a 95% game but the catch is you have to buy it again!!!!! Why?!?!?! Valve (makers of steam) you should take the other game down and force them to do it the right way, cause this is aweful."
76561198052657933,Not Recommended,233250,17610319,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,TormentedTUNDRA,"This game started on steam with controversy and ended in controversy. it was $90 price tag for alpha, which i didnt mind because you had a choice and knew the price would drop as it gets closer to release. the game got a steady stream of updates and was more or less feature complete, yet less than a year later they launch titans; a standalone expansion that replace PA entirely: you cant even buy this game anymore, uber pulled Pa from sale on steam in favor of this ""new"" standalone expansion. Titan includes everything from PA + more units, maps, modes and features. Everyone who bought PA has to pay $14 more to get the real complete edition. this is really insulting and destroys any trust i had in uber to be honest and fair with its community."
,Not Recommended,233250,17636432,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Entropy,"♥♥♥♥ you.I went ahead and bought this game in early access for an astoundingly high price because I thought it'd be good; turns out what you wanted was that and then to turn around and shaft the people who bought it early by pulling this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.No, really ♥♥♥♥ you; I wish steam had let me refund it."
,Recommended,233250,14676684,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Tommy Bombadilly,"This game is the bomb and totally worth the price. Nothing beats the moment when you finally blow up a planet with the annihilaser or you smash someones base out of existence with a moon. Even though the game is fully released, the devs are constantly working to continually update it to further improve the balance of the game as well as add some new features.As to all he negativity, there is really no basis for it anymore. The game is constantly evolving with balance and performance tweaks and updates. The game is so good right now! Yes, the singleplayer galactic war mode does still suck quite a bit but this game is meant for multiplayer and really shines there. As for making planets geographically more interesting, the system creator has been improved a lot with more settings to tweak in better customizing planets as well as there are countless interesting community maps to download.This game is so much better than it was a few months ago and is totally worth the pricetag.Great game with tons of replayability and oppurtunity for incredibly awesome moments of epic scale.9/10"
,Recommended,233250,14176105,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,sploof,"This game is pitched all wrong.  The hook isn't death stars or planet-smashing - the hook is that this the only RTS with strategic zoom on spherical maps.Spherical maps! I can't overemphasize how much of a game-changer these are! One you experience a battle not on one front, not on multple fronts, but on multiple connected circular fronts, you'll have a hard time going back to your standard flat-map RTS fare.It doesn't hurt that it looks gorgeous too. And there's a stripped down, focused tech tree that makes every unit unique and useful (no experimental spam here). And there's even a thriving mod scene with a 1-click-to-install mod database app to go along with it. Not to mention built-in multiplayer hosting, matchmaking, and a global replay library. Oh yeah, AND death stars and planet smashing.I picked this up for cheap at the last sale with low expectations - knowing only that it was generally considered unfinished. Liked what I found enough to buy a bunch of useless in-game commander skins to support continued updates. I definitely underpaid up front for the amount of fun I'm having, and there are more updates coming!There's some rough edges and features still missing, but the core game is all that counts and that's where PA shines. If fast paced Supcom gameplay with powerful, customizable controls on multiple spherical planetoids sounds fun to you, that's because it is."
,Recommended,233250,14358049,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Ruben,Brilliant game i always come back and have more fun than i did the last full of different oppertunities to explore by your self or with your friends the only thing i hate is the over usage on orbital units. But other than that i always come back to this game having so much fun :D LOVE THIS GAME DEFFINATELY WORTH BUYING IF U LIKE STRATEGY GAMES OF ALL SORTS ITS BRILLIANT 9/10!!!!
,Recommended,233250,14030045,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Laza,like this very much
,Recommended,233250,14033100,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Raybird,This game has become one of favorite RTSs. The gameplay is beyond what I originally expected and opened up so many diffrent possibilites to destroy your friends. The fact that I can take a moon and throw it in someone's face is the best thing I can imaginne
76561198108024195,Recommended,233250,14036936,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Stefan.97,"all the reviews say not recommend but i think this is a good game, you can play on your own or with some mates its fun it has a grate play style but one thing i would say is its not that good of a game for 23 pounds, i waited till it was in the sale if i was you i would to..."
76561198122338364,Recommended,233250,14199610,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Urara Hikari,Honestly i bought this game for five bucks on steam sale and id have to say its probably the best 5 bucks ive ever spent! people say this game is terrible but i think its worth the money. the ai are exremely difficult to beat and thats on the lowest difficulty either that or i suck but still its challenging and requires you to use your mind and not just attack head on
,Recommended,233250,14045793,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,BlueScaled,"To be honest, it’s extremely similar to Supreme Commander.Despite all the negative reviews for this game, I believe it's worth buying. Not like many games, this game is regularly updated and sharing news and polls.Right now, it’s obvious that this game still needs some work. Some of the AI of the units and commander itself needs some improvements, some rendering issues here and there, and other bugs can be fixed.Though, despite the known issues, this is a very good looking game. Rendering and the lighting in this game is remarkable, and I haven't seen such great lighting in games for a while now until I came across this one. The aspect of this game is fun, and easy to get used too, and single player can be fun as well, as long as you have an internet connection.So, at its current stage, it is playable, but do expect to see some bugs and issues yourself.Therefore, I recommend this game for those of you who are familiar with RTS games, and those of you who don't expect too highly in games like these.- BlueRemember: to those of you who are thinking twice, this game is indeed need of improvements, but Uber Entertainment is already working on these issues. Check back eventually, and you can expect some changes."
,Recommended,233250,14471600,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,TheRagingAquariu,"Played against an opponent. He dominated me with everything, I fled like a coward to a moon. built a nuke. nuked him. I was Victorious.11/10"
,Not Recommended,233250,10082699,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,FacePalm.exe,"Reminds me a lot of supreme commander, but inferior. Most of the basic feedback, such as atillery rounds and base attacked notifications, in supreme commander is missing and makes micro managing entire planets a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥This is in gamma, but it still has a long way to go before it's something I would enjoy."
,Recommended,233250,7522536,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,boris grishenko,"If building massive bases and launching asteroids into planets is your thing then this game is for you.Now with Death Stars*This game is really incredible, I highly recommend it to anyone who is a fan of the RTS genre.Check out my video review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4m62e4m_1VA"
,Recommended,233250,14497080,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Mayhem,"This is a great game that is constantly being patched with bugfixes and new features coming every month. For me what is particularly great about PA is that the developers are paying very close attention to what people are doing and saying. They don't necessarily take up every suggestion but I definitely feel like our voices are being heard about a number of things. All you have to do is go onto any twitch stream during Uber office hours and 2-3 of devs will be in there, taking notes and generally chatting with folk."
,Recommended,233250,14992989,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Miniscarbo,"Its a really great game and I enjoy every minute of it.To say: You may need to watch some videos or play with a friend who knows this game to get into it. (If not it can happen to you, like it happened to me that you nuke yourself :D)."
,Recommended,233250,14456738,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Some Witty Username,"an amazing rts with everything you need, action, economy, commanders and even different planets, I belive that this game is worth every penny"
,Recommended,233250,14361103,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,alexadimundi,good rts that im not good enough for
76561198010443231,Recommended,233250,14365347,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Entropy,"Lots of fun, allows for huge armies, and has awsome super weapons (death star, asteroid redirection, nukes, unit cannons, etc)."
,Recommended,233250,14389914,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Fokushī,"This game is amazing just try go above the recommended requirements. This is a game like no other, you will never find a game as good and as ANNIHILATING <-- (See what i did there.) as anything else. Losing is awesome watching your commander get destroyed. (Except when the stupid AI takes you down)Overall great game!"
,Recommended,233250,14787318,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Wifi Waifu,"I used to not like this game.  Now that I start playing it again, it's not that bad.  I still don't know how to play, but that's not the point.  This game is where you blow planets up.  How much better does that get?  I mean, I just leave this game running so I get the card drops, but the music still goes on in the background of my PC, but the music for the game is amazing.  This game is awesome, especially it's soundtrack.  Get the game."
76561198033697396,Not Recommended,233250,20568077,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Zack812,"When someone says 'Planetary', my mind instantly comes to this game, it was a complete let down to me, it is completely unfinished in my opinion, but I guess fun can't last forever!  1/10"
76561198027652936,Not Recommended,233250,20414213,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Helmet Hawk,"Instead of finishing the game, they popped out a paid DLC for the same price we already paid. Will never trust this company again."
,Not Recommended,233250,19825296,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Darkgaming,"Would i recommend this game nah not worth it maybe on sale but would be the last thing.So firstly the campaign the most important thing to me feels like they put it togeather at the last second and its♥♥♥♥♥♥and boring i honestly feel like that should be taken out. Theres no tutorial in this which is stupid because for those who have no idea what they are doing are going in like wtf i do and some will just uninstall it. Multiplayer im no good at so i cant really enjoy it, main reason for campaign.Pros -Nice graphicsOnline seems alright just not for meCons -♥♥♥♥♥♥campaignNo tutorialNo storyWants you to pay another £40 for a dlc doesnt seem right so ♥♥♥♥ that up your backsidesOverall pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥not worth the money and wont last for long."
76561198038953250,Recommended,233250,13973043,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,stonewood2011,"A quite different RTS. Play on spherical planets. And blow them up. Use hundreds of units of all kinds. Fight on land, sea, air and orbital space. What other game lets you do that?While you're browsing trough these reviews,ignore all reviews from september and october.Lots of issues have been fixed since release, and good new stuff such asranked multiplayer, the Unit Cannon, offline mode and player guidehave been added through updates. These old reviews are seriously outdated. The developers will keep adding and fixing things, they have absolutely not abandoned this game.The micro-transactions are purely cosmetic and have no gameplay impact.Plus by purchasing commanders, high tier KS backers get a small amount of money for their commander sales.The current problems that the game has is no saving and Galactic War is a bit unpolished and boring. Balance is also not that great, but still good. But those are issues that can be addressed in updates and I'm sure Uber will do so. Also managing multiple planets is quite hectic, though that is something that is harder to fix.What's really good about the game is the ability to construct units without a limit, you can have hundreds if not more than a thousand on the field(s). The planets are randomly generated and you can blow them up by smashing one into another one or by using the Annihilaser of doom. The orchestral soundtrack is also pretty epic. The AI is smart, propably one of the best (that doesn't cheat (except on ""absurd""))  in an RTS ever.What are you waiting for? Go blow up some planets!"
,Not Recommended,233250,17971643,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Salan,"Do not buy this game, nuff said.The developers promised features and roped the players into buying a pre-release unfinished game only to put all the features and fixes into a NEW product instead of the one that they promised them to be in.I have never left a review of any game saying do not buy it, but with this type of scheme going on it is not in your best interest to purchase this title as it is very likely not to be supported any longer."
,Recommended,233250,13142914,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,FreeManMeta,Thanks for this finished game.
,Recommended,233250,14390812,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,SohdaKreme,10/10 This game is god amazing. Even thouhg it requires a good computer it is really fun. If you are looking for a game to play with alot of friends its really good for that. All people who have their bad opinons come from supreme commander which is its own type of game. So i would highy recommend this game!
,Recommended,233250,14386143,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Luna Lovegood,"Totally reviewed the wrong game first time round, this is a great game either way, like supreme commander or total annihilation of old. This game rocks."
76561198068385756,Recommended,233250,14643053,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Beep Beep,"messing around on a planet, doing greatkept destroying opponents' defenses for fun, purposefully never hurt their commanderdude killed me with one satellite.11/10"
76561198158497062,Recommended,233250,14689327,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Trotsky ''Supreme Soviet'',its awsome and the music makes you want to destroy and blow stuff up
,Recommended,233250,14276653,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Squishy,"Nice if you want small zerg battles. Casual RTS, but it's done well. It's cute. It is fairly simple in concept, so it works rather well :)"
,Recommended,233250,14372830,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Grand Homie,"Best RTS game I've played since Total Annihilation.  It's similar to Supreme commander but on multiple planets.  There are land units (bots, tanks, etc), naval units, planes, orbital units (laser satellites, etc) and super weapons like the death star and smashable moons.  It's an epic game!"
,Recommended,233250,14664157,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,barro,"I think this game was released too early, which earned it some negative reviews. In it's current state (Feb 2015) it's awesome and patches coming out fairly regularly.If you like RTS, you owe it to your self to play this game and smash some planets!"
76561198079628877,Not Recommended,233250,20552554,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,PassionFingers,no
,Not Recommended,233250,20558935,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Jly,Developers are idiots.
,Not Recommended,233250,20595019,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,🔥🔥 The Litopotamus 🔥🔥,"Very buggy, crashes frequently. Game is not set up in a way that makes managing multiple planets worth of units easy."
76561198008961837,Not Recommended,233250,20410323,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,old pete,"Instead of just finishing the game and giving people what they paid for, let's finish the game and charge them for it again!Not only that, but during the last Steam sale on Titans, the ""standalone expansion,"" new buys get a 70% discount while people upgrading only get a 27% discount! So the person who bought the original is given a savings of only $2 versus the guy who's coming into the franchise brand new?!Screw you developers!"
76561198073411359,Not Recommended,233250,20553230,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,ФDeadEyeФ,Scumbag developers.
76561197965633232,Not Recommended,233250,21425418,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,I'м Лшєѕоmε,"A unfinished game that gets a DLC/Expansion instead of Bugfixes.When the Game was in its Beta bugs were acceptable even though one payed nearly 30€. However, releasing the game without fixing Bugs where you can't move ur units anymore and other issues isn't fair.The biggest fist for the customers is that the features are missing and the developers just bring out an expansion."
76561198036041534,Not Recommended,233250,19297334,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Elkstone,"Not finished, cut content and sold the remaining game as DLC"
,Not Recommended,233250,20545237,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Kebab,♥♥♥♥♥game don't buy
,Not Recommended,233250,11993294,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,THE HOUND,"They left something out; it's actually ""Planetary Annihilation, OfficialAlphaRelease"". Don't buy. Unfinished, broken heap of steamy♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,233250,35232226,Posted: 26 September,all,Jay,"bought this game like a dipsh*t way back when it first came out...still sucks hella ,  dont buy this please-1/10"
76561198087191140,Recommended,233250,10714195,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,X)DATGUY14X,"Brilliant game to go against mates and have the biggest battle ever!The graphics are perfect and really cool, the game is easy to play and my favourite Strategy game yet :)"
,Recommended,233250,14006292,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,anulmuffin,"Great game, 10/10 would bang"
76561198031070097,Recommended,233250,14293593,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,pacocortez1,Very very fun to play!
,Recommended,233250,14301856,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,MunroB0T,A real good RTS
,Recommended,233250,15104873,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,ljfed,"Great game, 9/10, definitely worth the money. Really fun action packed RTS game unlike no other. I have noticed a lot of bad reviews but 95% of bad things I have read about the game have been fixed in recent updates (such as the save game feature). The game is constantly being updated with bug fixes and other changes.Single player is fun and challenging -> in galactic war you start with basically nothing but as you take over planets in the galaxy you find upgrades. You can also play skirmish against the AI which can be fun and challenging especially for beginners.Online you can play 1v1 ranked matches or play custom matches where you can play massive FFA or team games and just about anything else you want with whoever you want.The game is made to be easily modded so there are a lot of mods that are really easy to download. You can even get mods that just about change the entire way the game is played. You can also download and play on planets other people have made or make your own planet(s).There are still a few small annoying bugs in the game, it often crashes and it helps to have a good PC but these are not major problems. I’m not playing on a very good PC so I can’t play games with more than about 3 planets but that doesn't make the game less fun and it is very easy to avoid games with a lot of planets.You can smash planets together and build death stars. What else could you possibly want in a game? Massive battles across a solar system? Great balance and gameplay? Well you have these things too and much more. :)"
,Recommended,233250,15116806,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Mass,"So far so good, but there are alot of improvements to be made, such as more units (Spaceship variety) and possibly a Single player campain with a deeper storyline."
,Recommended,233250,15114728,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Twizzle,"This game. Just this game. This is the new era of RTS games, it has it all! Want to nuke your enemies into oblivion? Go ahead. You want to crash a moon into another planet? Well you can do that too. It is so much fun and you can play it for hours! It is well worth the money"
,Recommended,233250,11096240,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,THEWhiteWolf496,I really like this game but these are the good things bad things and what i would like in the full gameGOOD:Very good AIPretty for an RTS(I will update this when it is fully released)BAD:Crashes(I know it is in early stages) (I can hardly play a game) (EVEN AFTER RELEASE)AI too easy on easy difficulty.Very overwhelming at firstI won by default twice and  i didn't do anything(I will update this when it is fully released)What they should add:PLEASE DEVELOPERS LOOK AT THESEAn ineractive tutorial (not youtube videos)A less confusing UI and (this may be in the game but a feature to add friends)(Like i said i can hardly play)NO DLC (If you do this add it for free or as an update)The ability to crash planets into each other(THIS WILL BE AMAZING)Crash fixes(Well they  didn't listen at all)Thank you for reading this and if you can help with crashes i will be very happyFeel free to add me :D
,Recommended,233250,10462080,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Dis-or-Treat,"This is a next generation RTS game, bringing the already great game of Total annihilation, and expanding it to planet-wide. Then, it does the impossible for an RTS game, and brings it to the size of an entire solar system, and even an entire GALAXY. Think of Supreme Commander, Total Annihilation, Command and Conquer. These guys worked on all those games, and are now coming together to make this awesome game!Oh, and one more thing. You can smash planets into each other. Thats a statement worthy of become Philip J. Fry with money right there."
,Recommended,233250,29727877,Posted: 5 February,all,Doctor Pixel,"Good controls, gameplay and graphics.My favourite part is crashing a moon into a planet =D"
76561198062316649,Not Recommended,233250,25862731,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Deif,"they literally made an upgraded version of PA.. and re-released it as titans..   gtfo..they even have a ""Buy Planetary Annihilation - Upgrade to Titans""its DLC as a standalone..   ♥♥♥♥ these developers"
,Not Recommended,233250,12013987,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Thundercunt,"From what i've played even before this 'release' the game gets easily repetetive and I honestly can't find any reason to carry on playing. I bought it in the summer sale and I have been sourly dissapointed. Don't bother, repetetive and no real inspiring goal or remotely fun or unique gameplay."
76561197987551202,Not Recommended,233250,12058940,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Harmless,"I dont usually write reviews for games, but i felt like i had to say something here.I had been following this game off and on since it was on Kickstarter, it sounded like a great idea in a genre that seems stale.I held off on getting involved with the game during Alpha and Beta, because too many times i have had my impression of a game ruined by getting involved in the early access.So I noticed that the game had officially released! and the price tag was down from that rediculous 60$ sum.So being a strategy fan i decided to go get PA and enjoy the finished product.Well it hits you pretty early on as your playing, that this game isnt finished. IT is missing textures and animations, not to mention the different commanders have no difference between them ( just the skins really). The Single player seemed to lack any real strategy, seeing who could churn out more units faster. Oh, and it lags and i dont mean graphics lag. There is no offline single player,  so you have to be connected to the servers ALWAYS and if the connnection goes bad which it seemed to, then the game will lag even if just with the computer.This game has left me with the same feeling i get when I buy an early access game, it is not complete and i feel it is dishonest practice to describe it as a full release when clearly it is missing so much."
,Not Recommended,233250,12221561,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Killbam,"Planetary Annihilation is a giant, half baked, cluster♥♥♥♥ that fails to deliver on the promise of its predecessors and is a slap in the face to all the people who funded it through Kickstarter.Uber entertainment seems to be run by the marketing department, asking itself the question, ""How do I make a game go viral?"" instead of asking, ""How do I make a good game that will go viral?"" There's livestreaming integration via Twitch along with ample controls to shoutcast and record matches, and the ability to add extensions and mods, but the core parts of game are severely under developed.Planetary Annihilation has failed the basics. For instance, rebinding a key shows a developer error message. Commanders will spawn sometimes extremely close to each other. Pathfinding is poor. There's no option to save Multiplayer games, and practically speaking, there's no instructions. The only ""tutorial"" is an old YouTube video that's sounds like an advertisement and is so basic it won't be of use to anyone. It is so bad even the dwindling community has expressed creating an extension themselves to add tips into the game.Speaking of the community, less than three weeks after its release there are only a handful of multiplayer matches and PA's price has dropped significantly on steam, both of which are indicators that this is a failure of a game. Outside of the game Uber hasn't even provided things like stats, or tech trees, and the poor suckers who bought the game for full price are expected to add that knowledge to the Internet themselves.This ties into the biggest problem: usability. PA takes place in a solar system where you can hop planets, but the planets are tiny King Kai planets, so you can only see half of your planet at a time like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fog of war. There is a picture-in-picture mode, but not dual monitor support. The lack of tips means that after several games, many of us people didn't even know what planet they were on, much less how to get off it and launch an invasion. When you run into an army, the name of the person to whom it belongs isn't even shown. I couldn't figure out how teleporters worked until someone told me several matches later, and figuring out how nukes works is an exercise in random clicking. I landed on a planet, I think it was a gas planet, which means I can mine it? I don't know.This is coming from someone who has played both Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander/2 and was willing to buy Planetary Annihilation on pedigree alone.Usability is super important when there is a lot going on and there is more going on in PA than ever. PA builds on its predecessors main tech trees of Vehicle, Naval, Bots, and Air with a third (fifth?) dimension of Orbital and the inclusion of different planets on which to wage war. A (real, not space) Navy seems kind of useless on tiny King Kai planets, and the purpose of bots still overlaps with vehicles. Not that I was expecting a TA/SupCom/2/PA game to get rid of bots, but that Kickstarter stretch goal to include Naval units? Bad idea and worse implementation.Games are enormous and sprawling, with hundreds of units and structures. Zooming out reduces the units to icons, which are another failed attempt to fix the problem. They glitchly overlap, and look the same. If you were designing an UI to move icons around, you'd probably at least make them different colors.While most of the time you're watching little icons come into, and blink out of existence, it's not like you'd actually enjoy the graphics anyway. There's only one faction in PA, and all the units look like toys. And I mean the type of toys you give to toddlers; the designs are generic and strangely clean for weapons of war. I'm not expecting Warhammer 40k levels of grit, but the unit designs look like something a Freshman graphics student would turn in for solid B. The Supreme Commander 2 units looked more detailed and just... better.To be fair, there are some innovative selection features: highlighting an area will only select combat units and not builder units, you can click and drag areas to have fabricators build a lot of things, and... well that's all I've discovered after reading up all I could on the Internet and playing.When all this is tied to the underhanded fact that Uber sold this game in stores for full price while still in ""Early Access"" (which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t because if anybody can access it then it's not ""early"") and the fact that there's expensive DLC already, I can only feel sorry for the the people duped into Kickstarting Uber's salaries."
76561198030585010,Recommended,233250,15818092,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,ghostygu,"This is technically a remake of one of my favourite games of all time ""Total Annihilation"". I would strongly recommend this to anyone else who enjoyed that game. For me, though, my old brain can't keep up with how fast paced the game is (the original was always very fast paced too) but, despite being utterly useless at it i still enjoy it massively."
,Recommended,233250,15822739,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Pencil Maker,Much better then the steam rating makes it look. Apparently it has been improved a lot since release. I didn't play it after release but right now the game is very good. 9/10.
,Recommended,233250,15820329,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,boates,"I've noticed this game getting a lot of hate and flak, And on top of that a lot of bad reviews.I thought to write a review to hopefully raise it.I'm new to RTS games, and this game is currently amazing, a lot of the bad reviews are outdated and or just people who are mad because they bought it when the price was high.I bought this game for 6.50$ and it totally worth it, The game works perfectly, i have only noticed very few bugs, and have overall had a great time playing it with my friends.If you think you may want this game, chances are your going to like it.It was confusing at first but you get the hang of it."
,Recommended,233250,15837306,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,gameboy9090,Realy awesome game i'm gonna keep playing!!
,Recommended,233250,15808581,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Ceeboy,"Edit: I got this game when it was $50, and now I'm seeing the price it's currently being sold at.  Get the damn game.This game is very frustrating, decently unbalanced, and has a steep learning curve.  However, the concept is phenominal. Being a huge RTS fan, this has to be one RTS game that truly stands out to me.  It looks beautiful and I'd say it's revolutionary as far as gameplay mechanics.The game isn't finished.  It still needs a lot of work in it's current state.  I was surprised to find that it's in a released version and not still in beta after playing for a bit.  Despite the game being nowhere close to finished, it's on the right track.The only problems tha stand out to me are the balancing issues and lack of variety.  Different units for different factions would be sweet - like in C&C.  Every match seems to be a spam fest with who can send more bots to the other base first.  Defensive towers can't do much against a wave of 200 bots. (But, it DOES look pretty damn cool.)Aside from the game being somewhat buggy and unbalanced, I have hope in it.  Stretching gameplay onto multiple planets and even adding an orbital layer makes for a great concept.  The game needs to be developed further so the it can be truly fleshed out to it's full potential.With the minor faults aside, this a game is a good time. Definely a slow start with getting used to how everything works, but it's worth it in the long run."
,Recommended,233250,14280210,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,KevBoomDead LFT,"I got this game for 5 dollars, so I think it was worth getting for that kind of money."
76561197974178543,Not Recommended,233250,12004955,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,JohnDoeWhatIsThisAnyway,"Terrible lag, DRM/always online requirement, crashed >50% of the games I've played (me vs 1 AI so far, so hardly a big load), even when it does work there is huge lag on big events (yet to properly see a planet smash).Summary: So frustrating, can't believe this is being sold as 'completed' - it doesn't work!Hope it gets better though as the concept is great."
76561197970859302,Not Recommended,233250,12177760,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,ydnari,Disappointing.
76561198035505616,Recommended,233250,27696043,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,HighABV,"Nice game.   Simple enough for my younger son to play it, yet provides some more advanced planning to move into the harder planet levels.  I like this game overall. If you like Sim City or Banished then you'll enjoy this for some good hours of entertainment."
,Not Recommended,233250,33842125,Posted: 27 July,all,Baron Bukkake,A colossal fuccing disappointment.
76561198061414099,Not Recommended,233250,12184376,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Walrus,i was so excited for this game. i knew about it for a long time. when it came out i was excited to play it and unfortunately.....it is an absolute pile of junk.awful UI with no minimapREALLY bad camera controlls that either make you drag your mouse for ever or ping you miles away. theres also no rotatevery unbalanced. (units to me seem way too underpowered and the planets are incredibly tiny)poorly optimized. (ok framerate but huge loading times and lots of crashes and really slow menu)lack of content.i find the music incredibly annoying. i like music in rts to be suttle when building and exciting when fighting. i also like the music to be different to each other so you dont get bored of it.in planetary annihilation i'm constantly being shouted at by opera singers even while suttle things are happening (like building base and creating units) all the music is just loud opera that gets incredibly annoying to me.overall Planetary annihilation is a poorly made game with lack of content. it does not in any way live up to the hype.EDIT: gonna play the game a bit again. maybe it's improved while i was gone
,Not Recommended,233250,20551096,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Jefferson,How do I get the titan with out the dlc5 Dlc/ out of 10 DLC
76561198021139698,Not Recommended,233250,8217529,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,XxDeadly_DiagnosisxX,"Bought this game a month ago and it has never worked. It has crashed everytime I tried to launch it. I have never even seen the launcher screen, I contacted their support and they never responded. This is sixty dollars for a picture, thanks a bunch....."
,Recommended,233250,13226897,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,hedgeonwheels,"Absolutely outstanding, the visuals are beautiful, the colours are just perfect. Runs smoothly even on basic gaming rigs and laptops with dedicated gpus. Can't wait to see how it changes in the future. 8/8 gr8 m8"
,Recommended,233250,12366456,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,The Galaxywalker,"I´ve waited for the offical release and now i have it! I really like it. You can do everything in this game. Create your own universe from scratch or just take a given one. It´s a bit like Universe Sandbox, Sins of a Solar Empire and Command & Conquer. I bought it for 15 bucks. I love SciFi-Games so buy it! I hope to find some people to play.Have fun."
76561198065498231,Recommended,233250,14744006,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,lolguy,A fun and challenging Sci-Fi RTS game based on my favourite topic pointless annihilation.
76561198038753415,Not Recommended,233250,12098591,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Mrgrimm150,"Don't buy this game. Don't give the devs money for a lie. This isn't released. Nowhere close. It's so poorly optimized it's not even funny. My laptop might not be the best (far from it) But it can run Borderlands2,Universe sandbox,Gmod,EVEN CRISIS (albeit on low settings) But this. This thing. Almost melted my processor."
,Not Recommended,233250,12164774,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Spacebeez,"Paused my campaign game because you cant save.  Came back and campaign had deleted itself.  Kinda ruins the experience.Edit for recent update:So they moved from early access to full release while the game was still unfinished.  I thought that was kinda weird.  Then they released a new paid DLC package for the game, except the paid DLC package is like, basic game features.Apparently a Tutorial counts as DLC.  When I bought 'early-access' apparently that meant I will never get to play anything besides the unfinished version of the game without coughing up any more money, which I most certainly will never do again to this developer."
,Recommended,233250,13615402,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,TheUnknown,You can blow up planets. :P
76561198122757309,Recommended,233250,9948095,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Azazel,"Only been in since right when Gamma came out, but even in that amount of time this game has changed an improved a lot. The UI Is simple and easy. Still have trouble finding certain units/buildings sometimes, but i blame myself. The Art and effects look even better, and the Planet smashing fantastic(Although recently my past few games have crashed when planet smashing occurs). The battles are just the greatest part of the game.... no... the part where you come up with a plan, and see everything build up from there into an amazing strategy of Victory! The Community is really awesome for this game, and its always a joy to play against people. I can't wait for later and the finale build of the game to come with all it's features. Well worth the money if you love the RTS genre and have played games like TA, Supreme Com. and Supreme Com. 2. Support these amazing developers please and join this amazing community. Seeya on the battlefield!"
76561198128445870,Not Recommended,233250,10227659,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,eC Patrick,"I can tell that once this game gets fixed up it will be a great game. However at any price with this performance, I cannot recommend it. The game has completely froze on me 6 times in the 4 or 5 hours ive been playing. Units need constant babysitting as they tend to want to stop doing any action halfway through its completion, (Generally building and moving positions), they also tend to just wander off and do their own thing. Lag is constant and joining in on a multiplayer match was impossible for me unless I hosted it myself. The A.I is ball drainingly difficult even on normal, as the first fight I encountered took 3 or 4 tries, each attempt taking 15-20 mins to complete. Nothing is explained as virtually everything has changed since the tutorial beside from right click to walk. changing from one unit to the next can also prove difficult because if not done correctly your unit may stop what it was doing and move to the random spot you clicked, which can prove quite frustrating when done over and over. Which is a great way to describe the game, click the building you want built, or location you want your troops to travel to 100 ♥♥♥♥in times (or it wont get done) as the game lags uncontrolably taking ten minutes for you to walk to the enemy base. Kick down their ♥♥♥♥in door goin in guns blazing and then have your game freeze and have to shut down your computer."
,Not Recommended,233250,23149629,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Conner,I cannot recommend this. I just don't think all the hype for this game was worth it. Quite a disappointment. 3/10.
,Not Recommended,233250,12592235,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,SlyNic,"A game that looked to have alot of promise, just wasnt enough for me to get hooked!"
,Not Recommended,233250,12561433,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Hero,"The scope of this game was so promising I decided to purchase it soley based on that. I can't recommend this game because it STILL isnt a finished product writing this in October 2014.  Luckily I have a gaming PC, with a lot of expensive hardware, but I feel that typically most systems will not be able to run this game smoothly because of the poor utilization in-game. It is RAM extensive and CPU extensive as-well. There was a point in-time where the Devs were motivated and updating the game, now it seems they have lost that motivation and are packing up and moving on to the next game. In essence they've abandoned this game, I don't see this game ever meeting it's potential either.One of the concepts of this game is traveling the galaxy and expanding, there are no space battles on the galaxy map, only fixed movement trails when you send spacecraft to other planets. Another concept is the borderless strategy at play, it isn't a conventional RTS where the map is flat, you play on a spherical world, there are pros and cons to this, but I find that it is too poorly utilized and needs to be worked on. For example for people who like to turtle or play defensively it is impossible to build an adequate defense because of the spherical world, they need to encourage defensive type gameplay as-well and not just one type of gameplay. I think that they need to make the spherical worlds larger so the gameplay is more flatter like a convential RTS however once you run off the the screen you can move around the planet freely in the spherical concept they have already integrated. So it will have a conventional RTS feel, but also incorperate the spherical concept as-well to make a outstanding RTS game.Pros:It's an RTS gameMultiplayer BasedLarge Scale BattlesCon:Can't fight in outerspaceCan't Micro Very Well In This Game Compared To Conventional RTS GamesCampaign? Should I even call it that...Small community due to game being rubbishGUI experience is like groping a pineapple.Graphics, Unit Modeling, was drawn up and conceived by a pre-school class.This game will genuinely dissapoint you upon buying it. They really flaunt the scope of the game but it is so poorly utilized they might as well have not incorperated it in the first place."
,Recommended,233250,10322507,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Kythro,Great fun i could play it for hours on end :D GET IT!!!
76561198025853598,Recommended,233250,9134401,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Captain Flint,"This is game like you have never seen before.Round maps, world domination, fighting over planets, smashing planets one into another.The game revives all the good things from Total Annihilation and Supremme Commander, and is also being improved by the player's community"
,Recommended,233250,9919477,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Lbags,"The absolute scale of what Planetary annihilation is doing is quite astounding. Have interplanetary duels with nukes or send heaps of moon rocks to completely annihilate their planet. Unit cap is 10,000 units. ""wait what!?"" is probably what you are thinking and yes you can have a max of 10.000...per PLAYER! :O. That is a 10x improvement over supreme commanders unit cap and that game had enormous battles.Unfortunately there are shortcomings that can overshadow the amazing feats Planetary Annihilation is boasting. The game can crawl to a complete stop on loading planets, watch your fps drop dramatically every now and again, A.I is horrendous if you start on another planet and they can't reach you, your commander may glitch and get stuck depending on the planets geometry (for example stuck on a corner of a hill/mountain etc) and lastly for me I feel as though strategic missiles have lost their destructive capabilities that they had in suppreme commander and now are just miniscule dust clouds that do absoultely nothing to the enemy.Despite these flaws Planetary Annihilation is still in gamma stage and I have faith in uber entertainment to address these issues and are already doing a superb job at fixing issues. When I first heard about this game I had my doubts that it could be done . On the other hand upon playing it and finally having the chance to experience large scale battles on a unprecedented scale in the Rts genre I have to say congratulations to the developers that made my dream Rts game a reality. Here's hoping that the issues get addressed as they are small blemishes on an otherwise prodigious planetary game.If you loved supreme comander forged alliance then you will love Planetary Annihilation.9/10."
,Recommended,233250,11242770,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Silver-Rayz,سيئة
,Recommended,233250,11063743,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Ψiioniic,"So much fun, yet still a WIP. I can't wait to see the finished product. Yes the servers are laggy. Yes the game isn't optimized completely yet. So? What did you expect from an early access game? Great for what it is. My only complaint is the price, but after the steam sale many steam trading bots carry it for the approximate price of 15-20$ if you purchase using items from other games. Uber entertainment has done so many things right.-This isn't even my final form!"
,Recommended,233250,24041923,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Vsam4698,"It's like Supreme Commander but in space. If you like massive battles, lots of planet to annihilate and nuke them - this game is for you."
,Recommended,233250,10831008,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Boriky,"An unique RTS game, which brings the real feel of planetary conquest. You can choose to expand and fight trough land, air, sea and orbit, with tons of possibilities and approaches. Recommended if on heavy discount."
,Not Recommended,233250,11614474,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Clinnger Eveneye,"Ugh, Planetary Annihilation is a big letdown for me... I expected something like a big war or nice combat between the tanks, It was rather... a ultra-short phased for the tanks and bots... and what you mostly gonna do in it? Makes tanks, bots and repair the buildings or make some new ones...I was lucky enough to buy it when it was on sale, because this is just a major letdown for me...But if you like just to make tanks, bots and buildings and almost nothing else... go get it."
76561198010821278,Recommended,233250,15821533,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Scarking,Don't listen to all those negative people.This game isn't perfect. Buf if you wait for a discount of 50+ % (which happens often) and it's a bloody good game for the insanely low price. You'll need a good pc though.
,Recommended,233250,8689779,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,[LDDM] MrDGold,"I really liked this game and i think it will revolutionize all rts games for many reasons but i would like to say some thing´s the devs should work on:-Very big framerate drop .i have a really good computer and still i experience major fps falls).-The tree system. Trees stick trough buildings and lag like hell (my advice: let them be removable by bots)-The unit movement system. I sometimes end up having my bombers attacking my own base and that is really annoying.That´s about it. Don´t take it the wrong way. I´m just listing issues i had in the game that could really be removed from it, thus bettering your fans gaming experience.Thank you for your attention."
76561198014000272,Not Recommended,233250,11915851,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,MacondoHondo,"The game has potential, but the controls are odd and the battle happens in a multi-dimensional matrix. The engineering bots don't help building and repairing stuff while you are fighting.  So you get crushed by the computer that acts like 3 or 4 players against you: building economy, building factories and organizing attacks by multiple fronts: 2 ground flanks, air squadrons and orbital ships all at once.After playing this game you end up exhausted instead of relaxed. I never finished a game, I got tired and overwhelmed by micro-managing more task that I could handle. This game is like getting in the cockpit of an Air-bus A380 without crew, in mid-air, with all the alarm buttons beeping and blinking all at once... LOLThe game would be fun if you could assign officers to take care of certain tasks like: (i) a support lieutenant to take care of the mining, repairing and buildings; (ii) a general that could take care of the ground; (iii) an admiral for the sea; and (iv) a sky marshal for orbital defense (your choice of how many), so you can take care of those tasks you feel doing that day and make it a fair fight, but above all, fun and stress free."
76561197991245494,Not Recommended,233250,12560130,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Ronchon,"Bad AI + bad pathfinding + gamedesign and balancing problems (ex useless boats) + lack of gamemodes = not worth its price. Although i wanted to like this game, i have to not recommand it."
76561198037473889,Not Recommended,233250,12577010,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Space Ghost,"This game really isn't anything more than a tech demo, even months after ""release.""Will not be backing this company ever again, especially now that they're doing another cash-grab with ""Human Resources."""
,Recommended,233250,23912641,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Teriyaki-Sama,"I feel like this game is majorly underrated, While it does not exactly deserve an overwhemingly positive overall review system it does atleast deserve mostly positive. The game is exactly how its name explains it, Have massive armys of robots and tanks used to conquer entire planets... Of course if that does not work you could always try the nuclear option.... And if that does not work you could always turn a planet into a massive space ship and ram it into the main planet with all of the other team's commanders on it. Overall this game is amazing when you just want to damage a solar system or just plain want to construct a massive army and have it duke it out with someone elses army while both sides lauch nukes at each other."
,Recommended,233250,14252942,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Eternium,"The main reason i give this game a ""recommed"" is because think of this game as a steriotypical american's dream. Explosions, robots, death, robot gore and more explosions because logic! my main quarrel with this game is that you have to have a ""beefy computer"" in order to not lag as much. When my friend and i attempted playing i ended up crashing his computer forcing a restart of the game/steam. my other problem with the game is that there is way too much to manage when by yourself seeing how you can make infinite troops. (i dont multi-task very well) thats the main reason i play with my friend as it becomes easier to manage your faction with the share army button. An entire match is basically ""zerg rush and hope you win"" there is some strategy and some counters but very minimal overall. The galactic war seems a bit rigged seeing how you hope to get an AI buddy or a good peice of technology, nope its randomly generated. it would be nice to find two technologies on one planet and choose one of the two instead of a randomly generated technology machine as in some matches in the galactic war seem rigged as your AI enemy gets all the technology (effectivly cheating with nuclear weapons) while if you dont have anything to counter super weapons its GG from beggining. This list could go on forever, but now to what this game does right.This game manages to be addicting to come back to even after excruciating losses. The planet creator is a great idea as you can make custom maps for your friends. When i mentioned in the very beggining about the steriotypical american's dream. That means what it sounds like. Constant explosions, lasers everywhere, and a deathstar(esk) annihilaser that makes planets go boom! The concept is very interesting and with the lore's setup it seems primed for a story than just hey you hate these guys kill them. It is extremely fun to see that you can travel between planets and colonize them before your enemies. Then dominate them. Again this list could go on too so here is my rating for this game. But otherwise this is a crap game.5/10"
,Not Recommended,233250,12544933,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,jarcionek,"No tutorial, multiple bugs, disappearing interface, difficult camera controls, terrible graphics, requires 3rd party account to play and the game floods the system with 40+ processes. Pathetic attempted copy of Supreme Commander."
,Recommended,233250,13676653,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Leonid Леонида Восто,"If you like your friends, don't get this game."
76561197993632049,Recommended,233250,12263707,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,CagaFogo,Good game for people who like the Supreme Comander series .The campaign lacks a meaningful story and for the current price you would expect more of the game .I still like it and i recommend it .
76561197978706327,Not Recommended,233250,12195257,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Tardmonkey,"This game is fun to play.  Think command and conquer generals on a sphere.  It really is a badass idea.  Pretty hard though.  I started out on galactic wars and got my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me...  but skirmish mode is pretty fun because you can change the resource handicap for either team until you get the hang of it.  As you can tell I just wanted to learn how to play via single player before trying a multiplayer games.  However, the always online ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is the most ridiculous I've come across in quite some time.  The game has to check the connection constantly and it makes any game choppy and ♥♥♥♥ing unbearable.  I have a decent gaming rig and researched the reason for the choppy garbage and it seems to be the online malarkey.  The game itself is fun, what I've been able to play until I get frustrated with the choppiness.  Not recommended until this is fixed.  If I'm wrong in regards to the reason for the glitching... someone please correct me."
76561198047095903,Not Recommended,233250,12104408,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,tmgrin,"I have been part of this game since it was in Gamma testing. The biggest problems I've encountered are frequent crashes, and systems made in the planet creator sometimes result in colliding moons or system crashes. Now that the game is live, I still encounter crashes as well as an issue where the mouse becomes completely inactive, despite hitting F5. I wouldn't spend $30 on this game if I knew what I know now, and I'm upset Uber released this unfinished game."
76561198102945301,Recommended,233250,13256721,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,OG Bloodbath,"This game is something else. The art style is wonderful, and the controls are simple and near self explanetory. It has nearly endless replay value, as long as you love Sci-fi RTS games with great game ending tactics. There is no reason you should not get this game."
,Not Recommended,233250,12009502,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Chreees,"The first thing I would like to point out the always online DRM is a pain.  Whilst it is quicker to connect to Uber’s servers than it was before it is still quite slow.  Even setting up a single player skirmish or a joining a battle in Galactic conquest takes time on top of the log in DRM.   My steam tells me that I have 21 hours in game, although I disagree, It is more likely to be 5 + hours of me trying to get past the Login in DRM and then another hour of me trying to get past other loading screens.The game is also rather difficult to pick up an still lacks  a proper tutorial and there is a lot of features thrown in your face.  The best way to learn how to play is to play the galactic war because that way you can take it step by step.However the game does have some great systems and mechanics, and so many of the units/building are really nice.  The naval units are really well designed, although I they are not as used as much as I would like.  The Gas giants are a really call concept, and the wide variety of units is really good.  The AI can be tricky to beat at first because of its ability to multitask but once you know what to do the AI is beatable.  On the whole the gameplay is solid and quite enjoyable.Aesthetically the game isn’t the prettiest game but it isn’t ugly and the graphics work this sort of game so it is fine.  On the other hand the full orchestral sound track is great, and it really suits the game.If you buy the game make sure you have a reliable internet connection and don’t have to worry about 3rd party fire walls.  If you want an epic sic-fi RTS, then this game is for you, just make sure you understand the game is heavily affected by always online DRM, still has a couple of bugs, and that the game can be quite crashy.  And be prepared to wait to get past loading screens."
76561197964177948,Not Recommended,233250,12407761,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,TheKaiser,"Unfinished and unpolished release with a horrible UI and wonky camera controls which have a tendency to freak out (especially when trying to switch between planets).  It doesn't help that there is literally no introduction into the game; as of this review, the tutorial is just a video (that I couldn't actually get to work) which apparently just tells you to go watch other Youtube videos.If you have an unhealthy amount of experience with the predecessor games (TA, SC 1, SC2) then you will probably enjoy the game if you are willing to spend a ton of time visiting half a dozen website for different tidbits of info about how to play.  Otherwise you are going to have a BAD time."
,Not Recommended,233250,12430430,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Tyrell T.,"This game was bought at 60/80 dollars and now at its 'release' they are still lacking kickstarter promises, interplanetary cannon fire (CANNONS) and 40 player maps, to name a few. It felt like much more and the unit diversity was lakcing. Not to mention what funding they had and where it went.HEY THEY ARE ALREADY ON ANOTHER GAMESo im 100% not helping support this company as they continure to feed the negitive stereotypes early access games have. Instead I now will choose to ONLY buy 1.0 games as they should be properly released and at lower reasonable prices.Not worth playing forr more than a month."
76561198079746415,Not Recommended,233250,12599830,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,josiefish,*sigh* This game is a great game. BUT here is where i rant. It is NOT ready to be realeased as a full complete game. To add insult to injury the game cost LESS than it did in early access. Oh here is the best part for the 50$ i spent on the game i could have had the digital deluxe version. To end this let me state that this is not worth buying and I have even been swindled out of my commanders that i should have gotten for buying it in alpha. ther rant over.
,Recommended,233250,12403068,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Shoganator,"This game didn't appeal to me initially in the campaign mode, but give it a chance and play some skirmishes against the AI then go multiplayer with friends and you'll then appreciate the pure awesomeness that is Planetary Annihiliation!The best word to describe this game (can't avoid being being cliche here) is ""Epic"". Everything is epic, from the unit counts, to the scale and the way you can smash small planets into other planets.Downside - less fun in the normal campaign, but going for straigth skirmishes and games with friends and this game truly shines."
,Not Recommended,233250,12566497,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,The | Keyboard Warrior,"This game is far from complete... the neverending beta vesion seems to make player furstrated in waiting.A word of advice, dont even bother to buy this game! Thumbs down!"
76561197968761535,Not Recommended,233250,12028101,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,AnD4D,"I look forward to playing it when they REALLY do finish it.It looks like it will be a fun game. I really love RTS games, and this one gives me the impression that it will be superb. The problem is, I just won't play a game that isn't finished, and this one clearly isn't.Take this for example. I try to play it on my super powerful computer, and the screen flashes like crazy. It doesn't flicker, it flashes from pitch black to normal screen, and repeat. Turns out this is an error with the game and NVidia, so I'm forced to play it on my less powerful machine.So seeing as I had just sat through the intro video, I click the mouse so that I can skip it. It doesn't skip it, forcing me to watch it a second time, but I suddenly hear people talking in the background. It turns out that what appears to be a YouTube video is overlayed in the background, and my clicking suddenly started it playing, so I'm listening to the developers chatting about their game!I check out the tutorials, expecting to see one in which you play along, and it teaches you as you go, but instead a video appears, with the most annoying voice over man ever explaining it. I'm not in the mood to listen to someone repeat how ""amazing"" and ""incredible"" the game is, as well as try to absorb and remember everything at once, so I skip it. I've played dozens of hours of Supreme Commander, so how hard can this game be?I click on single player, and start the galactic war. Pick a planet to do battle on, and I'm in the game. I'm off running around, building things, finding it odd that when you click and drag turrets, the gap is massive (in SupCom you could connect one to another), when suddenly a voice tells me I need more energy storage.This is where I get fed up. I have no energy storage buildings. I assume I have to unlock them in Galactic mode, but if that's a very odd thing to limit you on. I'm on one planet, the AI is on another, so I assume I need to build some kind of flying unit, but I'm limited to land and boat. I then try out the teleporter building, but can't use it, so I build another one thinking it's a point to point building, but that doesn't work either.After 15 minutes to aimless clicking, I eventually tab out to go look at a tutorial, and all I can find are videos of the beta, which look very different to what I'm playing, so I switch back to the game, which is now running at a snails pace. I get bored, quit the game, and suddenly my machine is also running at the same slow pace, resulting in me holding down the power button to turn it off.It's not the PC, I should add. I can play all sorts of games on max, and the new Wolfenstein on High.The game WILL be good... but they should not have considered it finished just yet.You can't save during skirmish games, and you need to sign up and log in to play. There is NO offline mode, it seems!I'll play it when it's finished."
76561198059009436,Recommended,233250,11224249,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Captain Obvious,THIS GAME IS AWESOME
,Recommended,233250,11536048,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,(ΘCÐ) Wanderon™,"Go lazy and didn't want to fight the 2 AI myself, so i teleported my commander to another moon and crashed the moon with the 2 AI into the planet.1111/10"
,Recommended,233250,16504305,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Father Dagon,This game is able to make you lose against an idle nemesis.
,Not Recommended,233250,17714850,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,【Thin squad】 Chinstroyer,"The Nerve that these developers have, back when the game wasnt even released i pre purchased it for 90 somewhat bucks,  when the final release came it was a trainwreck and now this f'cking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. % off for current owners of pa for the new dlc? REALLY? REAAAALLLY????  i mean buy at your own descretion but this is more than just a ''bad buy'' this is getting ripped off right where you're standing"
,Recommended,233250,15803706,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,thebrokenbackgamer,"Very Fun. You get to enjoy being a commander of an army. Good physics. Awesome detail. And best of all, the actual Planetary Annihilation.could have another update thobut overall, I totally recommend it 9.8/10"
,Recommended,233250,12383876,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,mistermystery101,"A great game is not a game that has great graphics, next gen physics, lots of hype or anything like that, but instead a great game is something that you can play for hours and not notice time flying by because you're having so much fun. Planetary Annihilation is that game. It's one of my favorite games of all time. 10/10"
,Recommended,233250,10219662,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,I play the guitar,"Great RTS, great music, amazing gameplay. If you want this game, it is surely worth your money."
76561197995800655,Not Recommended,233250,17731087,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Ladies Man,"This game is like hiring a contractor money to build you a house, he frames it and then says hes done then a few months later offers you a complete house for full price.  Uber how bout you give the ppl that bought your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ unfinished game your ""expansion"" as an apology gift, ♥♥♥♥ing scum bags, dont buy this game or their ""expansion"""
76561198105701765,Recommended,233250,10227959,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,emil2108,GREAT GAME
,Recommended,233250,10249639,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,legiT ッ Trade-Skins.com,Totally recommended.What a game really ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!!KICK♥♥♥♥♥!
,Recommended,233250,10279051,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Fyodor Dostoyevsky,This game...Nuff said
76561198075330183,Recommended,233250,10534033,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Hikera,lolz in the lobby
,Recommended,233250,10732374,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Green,"Its on sale, You must buy it, Yes you, Buy it"
76561198031733939,Recommended,233250,8001129,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Hebrux,This game is currently a work in progress but it is the most awesome work in progress I have ever had the pleasure of playing! Buy it as soon as  it goes on sale because the game is currently in it's beta form.
,Recommended,233250,8216691,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,wat.,This is a great game its so fun and addicting and since it is still in beta there should even more comming!
76561197984181042,Recommended,233250,8470805,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,|Ordo| MattDiaz,awesome sauce
,Recommended,233250,8473072,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,got chya,"Great game! Played it all night with a friend. The controls are intuitive and its fairly easy to catch on, but even after you do, the strategy and skill involver is still immensely important!"
76561198057424502,Recommended,233250,8502326,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Atomic Tomato,"An absolutely amazing RTS game, with so much to learn and improve on in not only playing the game but also helping the game progress forward. If you are one that enjoys real time wars, and games on planetary scales or just space in general, this game won't dissapoint. The price might be a little high for your likings, but it's to help this game grow and update faster and release sooner. In my opinion, it is well worth the price because not only do you get access to the beta and future releases, but also some neat treats like sound tracks and a unique in-game commander at the release. This game offers great real time strategic fun and it can be a great way to pass the time. Sure it has its problems like being a heavy game to run, and needing internet to play, as it is a server gased game at the moment, but it is still in beta and it will improve and eventually fix these problems when time comes. It is a truly great game and I woud absolutely recommend it to any one who even slightly enjoys strategy or astronomical-like games."
76561198072710531,Recommended,233250,8978732,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Mort Shekelstein,"The game is enjoyable after playing it for a while... A lot of frustrating defeats is what a lot of new players like myself are subject to at the start. The AI is very, very fast paced and you only have a few minutes to set up your defences before all hell breaks loose from a full hostile attack. In fact, this brings me on to the point of a difficulty setting. It really needs to be added into a future update. Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying that the game is too difficult but, I am saying that the option of toning it down just a touch for the first few games would be good to allow players to get the swing of things. I'll grant it being in Beta but, the game still needs a good bit of development. I love the feel of the game though and I look forward to the future updates. The mechanics are different which is nice and the gameplay after learning the controls is - for the most part - pretty smooth and consistent. For a single game versus the AI, I cannot stress just how important being able to play in an offline mode and being able to pause the game actually is. To me, it's a major flaw but, there's still time in the development for that to happen, I know.I would overall say that it is a genuinely fun game to play - however I would not say that it is worth the £32.99 that the game costs in its current state. I would advise waiting for the price to drop or for the game to go on sale. These are just opinions though."
76561197963977254,Recommended,233250,8473222,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,DJ Speedin,"I have a thing for RTS games, yet I only like it if its simple, I would give Planetary Annihilation a 9/10 even though its VERY complicated for a newbie. You will get a few things after you lost your first battle and watched your enemies layout. You will make LOTS of mistakes on your first try so make sure you bring your luck on your first game. But once you get the ropes you will start taking over planets, taking advantage of situations, yada yada yada.... Buy it now and try it for yourself!"
,Recommended,233250,8973853,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,RaisusTheFlammie,"Even in its early state, this game is oozing with class and style. A throwback to the olden days of Command & Conquer, Planetary Annihilation takes Real-Time Strategy and adds Space Colonisation into the mix. This game seems to have it all, great graphics, a good combat system and a really innovative way of winning, via flinging moons at your opponent. As a wise man once said, ""There's no such thing as overkill, just Fire and Reload""There are a few issues I have with this game that any potential buyer should consider before purchasing:1. It's still in Beta - While most of the Alpha-stage bugs have been ironned out; there are still many Beta bugs hidden in the woodwork; so your experiences may vary.2. AI is a little overpowered - This might not seem like much, but the AI is structured so that if you beat it, the next time you get a harder AI and, while it's nice, it really doesn't have a way to make the AI less difficult again. (You can reduce the AI's resource collecting, but that's not really the same)3. It's over priced - All's fair in love and war, except the insane price tag. You know what other games cost me this much? Sim City 5 and Red Alert 3. Both of these really weren't worth forking out the cash for it. Neither's this game right now. If you can get it for less, say in a Steam Sale, go for it, it's well worth it."
,Recommended,233250,9082923,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Misha40rus,"Преемник ТА - Planetary Annihilation.И это не♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥собачий, это игра, которую делают разработчики первого тотала!!!"
76561198024596827,Recommended,233250,9145953,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,A Game of Clue,This game is fan-tabulous. It brings back all the best parts about Total Annihilation.
,Recommended,233250,10752765,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,WarTurtle,"This game is by far worth the money, the updates are large and come frequently, and the quality of the game is outstanding. Currently the only problem is lack of a player base, but if you have friends who own Planetary Annhihilation, this is less of a problem. The controls are very straightforward and if you do go into multiplayer you're not going to get wrecked immediately like you would in similar games such as Starcraft."
,Recommended,233250,10878906,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Ektana,"Personally, I find that this game is more than I expected and better than I expected. So far the only con is that it's in early access so it comes with a few bugs here and there."
,Recommended,233250,10724073,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,legowkeeflee,"Just bought it yesterday. Last night I went back to '97 for about two hours. This game really brings back the atmosfere of TA. It's like time traveling. There are a lot of new features in the game on the other hand and there will be even more added. Down there, in the middle of it's heart it's still TA."
76561198040087694,Recommended,233250,10769681,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Iperithon,"Really enjoy this game, Although there are plenty of bugs and the difficulty ramps up quite quickly.  Still think the game is good."
,Recommended,233250,10827738,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Bobbyvanmanツ,Highly recommend this game :D
76561198029986955,Recommended,233250,10948191,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DramaticJawa,"First off, I'll tell you why not to buy this game. If you're not into RTS games, obviously don't buy it. If you're on of those people that need a perfectly completed game to be happy, not your game yet. Give it like a year.If you're not either of those two people, buy this game. Global warfare, endless hordes of bots, and, of course, launching missiles at your foes feels and looks very good for a game so early in it's development. The price tag did make me raise an eyebrow as it is a pre-release but now it's on sale? No excuses, buy this game."
76561198016891485,Recommended,233250,9142784,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Nukkima,"Similar to an old school game, was awsome then, is awsome now."
,Not Recommended,233250,12429353,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,ZenithServers.co.uk (Jack),"October 2014 - Very Important Update:WARNING, AVOIDCorruption, Money ScamIm a big player of Total Anihilation and especially Supreme Commander-Forged Alliance, im a huge fan and loyal long time player, this is my view of the game so far.Is this game worth buying right now? NoWhat about later? NoWhy? It's unfinished, claiming to be a completed work when we all know this is still a beta. There's missing effects, units, customization and more. Saying that the game is ready to be sold, is rubbish, its not, they just needed another bulk of cash to carry on developing. Read on for more info. Remember all this is just my opinion but it is based on facts that even recently have come to light.In-depth information.Graphics: 3/10To allow for many amounts of units on the screen at once, polygon-count has been shredded, where most units and structures appear extremely square-ish, textures also greatly simplified to a huge extent. It looks really bad. I think i appreciated Supreme Commanders dramatic wars a lot more because of the quality of the image and units. Advantage is, you dont need a mega-computer to run this game smoothly, but i still feel like the quality has been destroyed too far. Many negative points for many effects being completely missing from the game. Remember a planet colliding and blowing up in the trailor? theres no effect for that in the actual game...it's unfinished. Too much, is missing from the game.Sound: 3/10The repeated low quality sounds become very overly repetetive, with all units in the game having nothing to say but a mechinical noise, where only the Fabricators (engineer tank/plane) make any unique noises, and the weapon firing for all units sound effects feel completely impactless, there's no OOMPH! or quality.. The orchestral music isnt so bad, but it is short lived as there is no variation or multiple tracks. EVERY game features the same, SINGLE interchanging track based on wether youre incombat or drinking a beer etc.Gameplay: 2/10After all the wait and all the multipl intakes of cash Uber Entertainment conned out of us, we got scraps. Where in short, the person who acts the fastest AND wins a Decision based Dice-roll, rather than the smartest and most strategic player is going to be the winner of the game. You cannot speed up and slowdown gameplay (like in Supreme Commander) to allow for real strategy, instead, the winning formulae is to build as much as you can, as fast as you can (mash that mouse button! yeeaah!) of something to Zerg rush your opponent in all games. The entire match is a Rock-Paper-Scissors game, with no strategy whatsoever than 'Send units directly to enemy'. The ability to smash moons and planets together is currently very flawed, where even some games end with EVERYONE losing, because early in the game, your planet 'naturally' (not caused by players) smashes with another one before ANYBODY including hard AI has a chance to leave the planet...meaning the entire game was a pointless waste of time right from the beginning.With Land > Sea > Air > Orbital >Artillery > Nukes > Forced Planetary destruction giving too many things to possibly build to defend against all of them, the whole games boils down to who plays the fastest from the beginning, and what choice or units you build at the beginning, in a Rock-Paper-Scissors-Stapler-Pencil-Rubber-Glue-EverybodyLoses style gameplay.In short, it feels pointless to play a game where you know who's won in the first 5 minutes. THERES NO STRATEGY HERE WHATSOEVER, it's all about mashing the mouse button.Terrible.Overall: 3/10The idea of what this game can become, is fantastic, but it is greatly undermined by being unfinished, unbalanced, and not anywhere near ready for consumption, and currently not worth that asking price. My advice is to play Supreme Commander - Forged Alliance against AiX (super hard cheating AI) if you want 'actual' large scale war that involves STRATEGY in order to overcome a tough challenge. It breaks my heart as a massive fan and lover of the other 2 games to say it :( I do not see how this game deserves to be called a strategy game in it's current state, its more like a RealTimeButtonMashZerg game than a RealTimeStrategy. AVOID.Feedback?1. Give people the option like in Supreme Commander to SpeedUp and SlowDown gametime. We all have different physical playing speeds and bodily/mental fingerclickin limitations. It's not skill or strategy (i cannot state that enough), Planetary Annihilation is just speedclicking in it's current state. Its like giving a button-masher the championship-title in a Street Fighter tournament, it just aint how it goes. Wars are won with Strategy, and formulaic Strategies are made by THINKING, not by HOW FAST i can tell a small group of weak tanks in the first 5 minutes to go destroy 3 commanders like they are paper against water.2. Scale. Planets, are so small that it takes away the ability to create strategies on the ground level, aswell as cause Camera annoyance spinning it all over the place more times than should be needed.3. Defenses. Most turrets are pointless, they cannot stop much, and are too squishy. The most concerning defensive structure you gave us...is the wall...It is too easy to shoot around and many air units, orbital units and launchers and artillery and (long list of other things) simply ignore Walls. Remove these pointless walls that dont do anything, and replace them with Shield technologies. Bring back limited shields.---VERY IMPORTANT UPDATE - 2014 OCTOBER---It has been announced that Uber are teaming up with the creators of Super Monday Night Combat (another piece of unfinished junk) to create another strategy game, when this game isnt finished by a huuuge mile.At this point i can sadly say that this is all just a money scam at this point, to rush out a crappy game, using kickstarter even though they already have the money because they will use all methods to get more undeserved money from the people. This is just greed, and full corruption even below EA standards. THIS COMPANY IS SCAMMING YOU , AVOID ALL GAMES.Uber Entertainment have gone very low into corruption.This game is nowhere near finished, and we the people are now being stabbed in the back after supporting their game with an unfinished product, and being shaked for more money on a new kickstarter for another game when they already have the money they robbed from you the fans.There has been a great deal of drama over the internet on this, and i (once a hugely loyal fan) am saddened to have to agree...All trust has been lost, take my advice and do not do any further business with these swindlers. DO NOT FEED THEM MONEY ON KICKSTARTER. Its a scam, they already have taken tonnes of YOUR cash to be able to afford development of the next game. They want cash, for nothing.Discluding the crappy campaign mode which only consisted of copy/paste skirmishes, this is what Uber Entertainment have done:-Stolen over $1.1 Million in Kickstarter Fraud.-Stolen (by leaked rumours) around $12 million from Steam/Game fans in sales of a broken & unfinished game that does not meet the Kickstarter declarations.-Abandoned the game to a small team to do patchwork, breaking their Kickstarter contracts.-Instead of using the stolen cash to develop the new game 'Human Resources' , setup another Kickstarter so YOU have to pay for it.Expect further fraud and broken contracts. This is large scale fraud that deserves headlines in every game magazine (where the hell are you guys...you call yourselves journalists?)Uber Entertainment should be Boycotted."
,Not Recommended,233250,17954830,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Chibi Phoenix,"The game itself is pretty ok, however still needs some tweaking. Instead of tweaking Uber decided to just release an ""expansion"" and leave this as is. Very disappointed by such a scumbag move, finish what you started with first THEN consider an expansion."
76561198058545222,Not Recommended,233250,17945582,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Dragaway,"There is alot of bugs, and I meet the top system requirements and my game still crashes. This game needs alot mor developement before I play it again."
,Recommended,233250,10231073,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,KNIGHTC,Its a game with unrivaled scale and destructive options. If you have played supreme commander 2 it is very similar but there is orbital tech and you can obviously go to other planets and annihilate them. I highly recommend it!
76561198045918059,Recommended,233250,16501998,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,A Muffin With A Dream,Friend shot a lazor at a moon coming at us at aproxamatly Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ miles per hour.GG 8/8Would fire lazor again.
76561198034619843,Recommended,233250,10519752,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Dirtbag,"This is an exellent game, very fun. The gameplay is very fast paced from the beginning of a match, and you have to be aware of everything that is going on. There are many options to play; fight a massive ground war, have gigantic naval battles, and of course, planet smashing. The singleplayer addition is also entertaining, but can be a bit frustrating because of the randomized tech and planets for every game. PA does need some work because of bugs and whatnot, but it is coming together very well. Overall, this game is incredible. 5 stars"
,Not Recommended,233250,17606674,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Nimmy,"Imagine you purchased a pack of expensive underwear but didn't wear them right way.  Then you tried them on one day and realized they didn't fit.  Unfortunately you can no longer get a refund since time has expired.  Also since then the underwear price has fluctuated so much that you aren't really sure what the underwear is truly worth.  So - you throw them in a back drawer, hoping one day to be skinny enough to wear those underwear.   Then one day you are walking around and see the same underwear without the sizing issue.  Unfortunately these underwear cost double what the other underwear cost.  So you wonder if they're worth it - but alas, you no longer have associate any monentary value with the brand.That's pretty my review of this game.*Couldn't get game to work in linux, since it required 64 bit.*Couldn't get game to work in windows, game crashed.*Game price has fluctuated from $5 to $70 I believe.*Expansion for game was released, charging for new content, with a price of 39.99 - on sale for like $13?"
,Not Recommended,233250,17609073,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,iwanttodie,"You released a second, more finished version of this game and it has more content, when this one still isn't finished? That's some ♥♥♥♥ing balls right there."
,Not Recommended,233250,17609162,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,TheAmazingLeech,"Hey, lets make a game just like Supreme Commander, make a kick starter for it, make way more than we ask for in a kick starter, make the game pretty much a million bugs, don't patch it enough, have micro transactions for units, even though people paid 80 dollars to get this game in early access, make another kick starter for another game we wanna make, even though we are rolling in dough, and then make a way too expensive expansion to the game that's stand alone, and seems to have very few features that make that dollar amount with it.Yeah.♥♥♥♥ these guys."
76561197978871848,Not Recommended,233250,17609586,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Greeny,The Game is full of bugs and on top of that to fix the bugs they are going to make you buy a  expansion.  Uber You have lost my business going forward.
,Not Recommended,233250,17610245,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Doodle,"Devs have a lot of f*cking nerve for releasing a standalone ""expansion"" with the exact same game but with a few new units, and it is the same exact game with the same exact bugs... If steam's refund policy went over 2 hours, this company would be bankrupt, no question about that. EA's got some competition this year for the golden turd award."
76561198027231952,Not Recommended,233250,17610474,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Tesseract,"What a huge disappointment this was and the sheer amount of greed from the developers is astounding! The costs of the DLCs are outrageous! I enjoy playing Terraria and the developers for that game release HUGE updates without charge, with this you seem to pay loads of money for♥♥♥♥♥♥all. As soon as I can refund this I shall do so."
76561197985364429,Not Recommended,233250,17614811,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,IAmThePotato,"As much as i enjoy this game it still feels like it is highly unifinished or simply abandonded, moreover i am extremely annoyed that this new 'DLC' ''TITANS'' is not simply an update and is another £29.99 'standalone expansion', what a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t cashgrab, how about you finish polishing the original game first before trying to make more money from so called 'DLC'."
,Not Recommended,233250,17609229,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,FreefallGeek,"I wanted so very much to like this game. I tried, I really did. I hung in there through numerous patches that were supposed to bring the game to the level that was promised from the beginning. And then I sign into Steam one day, and the devs have released the exact same game -- only with additional units, planets, etc. -- as a standalone expansion. No reduced cost for upgrading from the unfinished, buggy-as-hell game I already own. That takes a lot of nerve, Uber. I can't downvote your ""new game"" since I'll never own another one of your games. But I can not recommend this one, and hopefully keep at least one user out there from giving a shaddy developer another dime.I'm glad Human Resources failed to fund its Kickstarter, while we're at it. I would have gotten my hopes up just so that you could screw me over a second time."
,Not Recommended,233250,17616410,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,throws IOException,"I was a huge fan of this during development, I bought into the early access, and I eagerly awaited it's completion.I'm still waiting. This game is a farcry from what was promised. Isolating content and releasing it as an expansion when alot of is should be in the vanilla makes me wonder if this is some kind of EA Shadow company. It's surely not the kind of company I want to support independant development for.Fan lost."
,Not Recommended,233250,17637273,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Al Gores Ghost,They just split their community with an arbitrary paywall and ♥♥♥♥ed over everyone that bought it in alpha/pre-release.
76561198051089372,Not Recommended,233250,17608451,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Sir Quackers,"Very upset that the devs didnt update this with their new ""expansion"". This is the kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that loses a company money, this ""expansion"" should be an update for the original game."
,Not Recommended,233250,17610095,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,OM|Polar,Lower the Price on the Expansion and the Game so its actually worth it I baught this back when it was 80$ and kind want some of my money back
76561198065331494,Not Recommended,233250,17614902,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Not Bowiespoon,"Money Stealing simulator 2015.The truly sad thing is, the devs had a really cool idea that was almost there, but needed more fine tuning and balancing.But now they just want your money, and don't care about the game."
76561198030363225,Not Recommended,233250,17608616,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,HALOKINGTWO,"I really love this game, I bought it in early access for 90 dollars and played a lot of the game, And what does uber do?Oh lets release titans and not even give it out, but instead make people that have already paid 90 dollars pay 14 dollars for ""DLC"". Alright uber, glad the kickstarters got it."
,Not Recommended,233250,17609272,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Lukah,"28 Aug 2017 Review:Haven't touched this game in a while. Redownloaded it. I haven't actually played yet because it crashes if you even look at it the wrong way. I tried to build a simple star system with five planets of reasonable size. Saved the system, loaded it up in a multiplayer game. Couldn't get past ""building planets"" and the game has frozen six times, so I've restarted my computer six times.This game is a classic ♥♥♥♥ing example of Valve/Steam letting ♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ content run rampant on the Steam store. Forgetting the rude slap to the face that Planetary Annihilation: Titans was (being released not long after plonking down $80 for the first Planetary Annihilation, for the stupid price and for the lack of content that SHOULD HAVE BEEN INCLUDED WITH THE ORIGINAL GAME), you *know* a developer doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about his customer base when the original TWENTY ♥♥♥♥ING YEAR OLD Total Annihilation runs smoother, better, faster and crashes less than this piece of garbage he calls a game.I want to love this game, I genuinely do... but the developer is arrogant if he thinks he can charge $80 for an early access game that isn't finished, then release a ""standalone expansion"" aka money grab, and think his fan base will still appreciate all his ""hard work"" into spitting out a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game.========================================================19 Aug, 2015 Review:What started in 2012 as a Kickstarter project that excited many RTS gamers from the late 1990s and spurred a lot of decidedly cheerful discsussion on forums all over has devolved in to a worthless collection of files sold for, but not worth, around $80 in Early Access.The word 'epic' is thrown around a lot by the developers but they clearly need a dictionary. Planets are no bigger than the size of a pin head. Galactic Warfare, an amazing game mode enabling you to battle across an entire galaxy, has no multiplayer option (and seemingly there is no plan to even include that as an option further in development). Units and structures are bland. In Planetary Annihilation, there are no wars fought - you race to the top of the tech tree.I could look past these issues, but then the massive kick to the teeth came today - announcing ""Planetary Annihilation: Titans"" and asking for a $40 fork out of my wallet (or 66% off that price if you bought it before August 18th 2015). This could have been included in the standard game as an update but instead the developers have sold out on us. Now I have the option (and will be coerced into purchasing via friends) to shell out $40 for what you could strongly call ""a poor excuse for DLC"". The money I spent backing the original game has now gone into a secondary game I am essentially required to re-purchase. No thanks.Utterly disgusting behaviour from a team of people I thought would have known better than to stick the knife into the collective gut of the rampant Total Annihilation/Supreme Commander fan-base, only to further twist the knife with a devilish grin.Face it - the only reason you bought this game is to relive the nostalgia of playing Total Annihilation or, less importantly, Supreme Commander, but seeing as how their methodology now is to release $40 'standalone expansions', I'm deleting it from my HDD and going back to play Total Annihilation. It's $5 online and it won't spend the money I paid to support its development on a second part of the game I have to buy again.Do not recommend."
76561198061654896,Not Recommended,233250,17610087,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,ha_ha_u_ded,"Bought this game back when it was $99 with high expectations. They released it as a pre-alpha level game that was not enjoyable, and now they release basically a stand alone DLC pack for it for $40 without updating this instead?The most scumbag move I have ever seen from a company, even worse than anything EA has ever done. I cannot believe steam would let a scamming company like this sell their game on their platform. Unbelievable. I am never ever going to buy another game from this dev. I don't know why I would anyway, the gameplay is trash and its a bad clone of supreeme commander that had potential but was squandered by lazy trolls with greed."
,Not Recommended,233250,17606150,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Teikai,Don't buy it...1. Is not like Supreme Commander.2. Is Buggy and unfinished.3. The Standalone Titans have more then this but have the same problemsHope his was helpfull.
,Not Recommended,233250,12103403,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,TANMAN147,"This game had potential, but i wouldn't say it's a full game.  The game is pretty boring after a while.  After a hour or two this game feels very recycled.  I think this game is very unoptimized. The Single player sucks♥♥♥♥♥and the AI just spams.Which also causes alot of lag. Stay away from this game!   This can tell you that this company is in it for the money all the way and don't give a **** about the public's view.  So the game will stay a unoptimized piece of **** , the game will stay a recycled game, and this game will always suck in  comparison to other RTS games."
76561197966477610,Not Recommended,233250,17607340,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Cloakrunner,"The game on release was lacking, so they decide to wait a bit then release an ""expansion"" that fixes all the original problems. Should have known something was wrong when the early access game was $70."
,Not Recommended,233250,17607173,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Jim,20fps funness
,Recommended,233250,13938030,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,frontac,"This is a very good RTS game. Very beautiful and the music is great. The only thing that is missing is the ability to save and load multiplayer games. It would be great if I could go to sleep without the noise of my computer running a game in the background. Very fun, though."
,Recommended,233250,16338377,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Jetfox,Best RTS I've ever played.
,Recommended,233250,10573063,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,BrettFromRobotics,Great game and I'm remotely good at it.
76561198109034417,Recommended,233250,15946480,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,The Biggest Anus,"Honestly, I love the game. Me and my friends play it almost everyday together and we always have fun. BUY THE GAME ONLY IF YOUR FRIENDS ARE GOING TO BUY BECAUSE PLAYING IT ALONE IS BORING BUT SUPER FUN WHEN WITH YOUR FRIENDS"
76561198033540312,Recommended,233250,15016169,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,sraboy,"I bought this game months ago on a whim but didn't bother trying it until this weekend. To put it plainly, this is the game I've been waiting for. I've always loved RTSes and was waiting for the day Civilization made it to this level of play. I'm glad I didn't wait. Even in beta, it's incredible. The graphics are crisp and responsive (set to moderate on my GE70) and the gameplay is fantastic. The controls are easy to figure out and there is very little learning curve. I had started playing Eve for a while but got tired of the learning curve, not to mention it's just not an RTS or TBS.As someone who rarely plays games, I was unsure about paying for a game that was still in alpha but I'm glad I did. This game ranks with Seven Kingdoms: AA as one of the best strategy games of all time. I can't wait for the totally finished product. Considering how far it's come in so little time, I know I won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,233250,13959239,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,What mechanics,"Little confusing at first, but otherwise fun game."
,Recommended,233250,14120094,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,VDSR,"Amazing time waster, best played with friends. Still being updated and dev'd regularly, I see a lot of potential in its future!"
76561198028176816,Recommended,233250,14052528,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,☢-Sekida-☢,"A brief summary of this games Con's1.This game is the spiritual successor to Total Annihilation and is one of, if not the best RTS of its style this side of the millenia."
76561198061442162,Recommended,233250,9302581,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Wenchbane,"Re-writing this review.I've backed and tested this game from Alpha for reference.The game itself is extremely fun with friends. The AI can provide a challenge too but at its heart you'll want to bring some friends along for the planet smashing fun.GENERAL:PA is an amazing game, both in gameplay and in visual representation. The ONLY limiting factor is your machines capability (And internet if you're playing with friends). If you have a high end PC you've built recently this game should run like a charm.The sheer amount of destruction that is unleash over the course of the game is astounding. If you can run a massive system with lots of moons/planets then you're in for a good time. The planets orbit around the star and each other, if you're close enough to another planet you can actually see your enemies buildings and units on the passing planet and if it's in your planets orbit you can send a welcome nuke their way!The gameplay is similar to Total Annihilation or Supreme Commander.Resources come in two fantastic flavours: Metal and Energy. Both of these are streamed from your resource producing structures and to be effecient you'll need a lot coming in to pump it back out into units and buildings.The combat is fun and engaging from early game scouting and raiding to mid game clashes and then end game battles. When you add other planets in you'll eventually be playing galactic marbles throwing around moons and asteroids.Units have purpose and balance. You have several types of units to choose from (Vehicles like tanks, rovers, AA. Then there is Bots which are your general raiders, snipers, artillery. There are also Naval units and Air units which are you bombers, scouts, air superioirity and long range bombardment)Your buildings and defense are also useful but the aim of the game is attack not turtle in and hope for the best. You have the ground layer which is where most of your attention will be, positioning, attacking, pulling a ruse, etc. There is also an orbital layer which supports your conquests and helps expand to new planets so you can then turn them into 'rocks with rockets'The UI is clear and concise which is exactly what you want in this kind of game. Resources are displayed up top. Unit actions on the right side of the screen, A mini screen which can also switch between several bookmarked locations is also present. Your building menu is displayed on the bottom of your screen when you click the apporpriate units.The lobbies received an overhaul several times. They are easy to read and navigate. It shouldn't be hard to find a game with your friends or create one yourself.Once you do find a game you can easily customize which colour/commander/team you want to be on. You can also set how many teams there are, whether players will share armies and what resource rates will be.During this time the game will load the system (there will be an icon indicating this) As the game begins your planet choice will be available.A system generator is present. This lets you set up a 'map' which your computer can handle (the defaults generally contain 2-4 planets depending on your roll) There are also some set maps by the Devs which vary in size. The generator is easy to use and fiddle around with and helps you test your computers performance with the orbital bodies 'simulated' on their orbiting paths.You can set starting planets, orbits, size, type or planet, metal density, mass (which affects orbit) and geology of the planet (hills and seas) They can also be saved as templates which can be used later.The PA community is great, you should be able to find a game relatively quickly and there's plenty of let's plays and tutorials on the internet.As of 07/09/2014;The game lacks an offline mode and as an extension saving games. Once Offline Mode comes local saving should follow.Sometimes there is a TiDi effect (Time Dialation) which comes from using Ubers servers. This will slow the game down via increments when the load becomes to great.There are some units and features not implemented yet.There is a thread which can be followed here for the progress of current suggestion and additions to the game:https://forums.uberent.com/threads/confirmed-features-list-2-0.44950/The game does rely on your computers power, if you have a gaming PC that you set up recently this should run smoothly. If you're running on and old laptop you will struggle on a mid sized single planet game.A tutorial video in the menu is dated and needs to be redone as some units are not present anymore."
76561198067828078,Recommended,233250,9483091,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Muffin_Man_The_Deity,Amazing game that is constantly dropping prices with every major release. Still on the pricy side and beefy computers required but all together it is a great game.
,Recommended,233250,8873145,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Ter0revil,"Best stratergy game ive ever played. And its not even done yet, Intense gameplay, If you make one mistake, like not putting up anti-air missiles then you are screwed, Im going to be playing this one for a LONG time..."
,Recommended,233250,8967280,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,ZA WARUDO!!!!,This game is pretty damn swag.
76561198083760389,Recommended,233250,10297369,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Torak195,"Once past the lag, this game is brilliant! The lag issue is being fixed rapidly so that you can actually play. If you have ever wanted to get back at someone for destroying your units by destroying the planet, now is your chance! Just make sure the same dosent happen to you though...OH! and dont forget those new deathstars!"
,Recommended,233250,10817772,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Partyprime,11/10 It's ok.
76561198065596940,Not Recommended,233250,11430123,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,matthewjstirling,"I am finding this game to be very good. The graphics are vibrant, the mass destruction is awesome but  it suffers many problems.1. It lags. My units and building ques will suddenly freeze and 2o seconds later unfreeze but the units have still traveled, leading to some pretty stupid combat.2.No tutorial. When i jumped into the game i had no idea what I was doing and still have soo much to fiure out, some of the buildings arent available it seems.Other than that this game is very good and wood deffinatley recomend it if the price tag went down, you would be better off waiting for a few more updates."
76561198001787325,Recommended,233250,10701300,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,BYEBYE Don't Buy COD WWll,Got robots to use green ♥♥♥♥ to make buildings 11/10
,Not Recommended,233250,11566190,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Desidia,"I do not recommend this game for the moment. It was in my wish list from the first day I saw the 'trailer' but it was to expensive (84€ I think). When I saw the price was lower (20 € more or less), i bought it. In 20 minutes I regret it.The game is not like an Age of Empires (they try to sell the game like a futuristic AoE or a similar game) where you can conquest different planets, you conquer one per one (not showed in the 'trailer') and the improvements or the builds that you have made in a planet, are useless for other planet, I mean in a game you play different isolated games. It is so basic with 5 kind of vehicles, 4 bots and 3 planes... so I do not understand WHY IT IS SO SLOW. I have 'played' 6 hours and 3 of this 6 hours i have been waiting. My PC is average, but Arma 3 in HD runs faster than this game. I hope the fix it because I am not going to play anymore until the game runs faster.Other things:-There are games that requires a short explanation like you have to 'download' different data (in the game, not extra data) to build all the buildings, and not the seedy Youtube video that you call Tutorial.- You are waiting for 20 minutes to play a solo game and when you can move you commander, the enemy have build all the buildings, have 300 troops and have read all the Shakespeare books... In the lowest difficult! I will not learn to play if I have to wait 20 minutes to play 4 minutes.In conclusion: 20€ burned... At least I have not bought it when its cost was 84€. If do you want to buy, wait some time.I hope i could return the game."
76561198098098987,Recommended,233250,15029071,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,TaterNanners,"When i first got this game out of early access, the reviews were mixed.  A freind had it and i played this and i was blown away by the detail of this game.  You can control massive armys and use super technologies to gain an advantage.  The real beauty of this game comes from the ever moving and changing solar sistems you can create with your mouse crusor.  The graphics on high are stunning with every little structure or natural environment casting a shadow from dusk till dawn.  Now since people have realised just the beauty of the game, and also that Uber hasnt totally let it go, the community can grow."
76561198035435448,Not Recommended,233250,17602362,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Nekro,"Develepoer make game kick beta and run Big Patch for money , no way no worth paying twice for this bull♥♥♥♥♥♥bay !"
,Recommended,233250,10295057,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,_cure,I launched a moon into my enemies base.10/10
,Recommended,233250,10982703,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Captain Awesome,I recomend this as it looks very good and i have seen some gameplay but sometimes it stops working and crashes so i highly recomend buying the game when it is fully released
,Recommended,233250,10954183,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Skinny Penis,My friend crashed a moon into my planet and died. No lag23048/10 would play againLoads of times
,Recommended,233250,13732939,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Darnell,"I highly recommend this game to anyone that has the slightest interest in Real time strategy games or even wanting to get into RTS. Planetary Annhilation brings all new things to the table when it comes to RTS!Whether you're interested in Smashing planets together, conquering new planets and building a vast army, all the way to winning matches against your opponent VIA giant death star. If you're one into instensive actionful matches; you never fully know want your opponent is up to keeping the game full of surprises and suspenseful even during those longer matches. If you're not one for multi-planet matches, playing on a single planet is just as fun all the way through. Even after all of that there is a huge support for mods and tinkering to always give you something new to try out!If you and/or your friends are looking for an extremely fun intensive game to play then Planetary Annhilation is definitely the game for you!!!!Are you even thinking about the picking up Planetary Annhilation? It's definitely worth picking up!"
76561198076322243,Recommended,233250,13602826,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Luggs,I have only played a couple hours and the games is so unbelievably good and brilliantly made. The combat and AI is great and the sence of achievement after beating your first commander makes you jump in your seat and go for a victory lap on another commanders planet before getting wiped out for not getting an army or making a stupid mistake.I would rate this game a 9/10
,Recommended,233250,14814968,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Golden Diamond945,This is an extreamly fun RTS with lots of units and tactics to use. Is definatly a good choice if you can't play games like Dawn of War.
,Recommended,233250,15079790,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,luk.g,Great game !
,Recommended,233250,15090471,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Intörrööö,"Awesome game, spent many hours playing and enjoying it."
76561198045212382,Recommended,233250,15809295,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,ProtonAnatomy <|> ʎɯoʇɐu∀,"from the start of this game, the gameplay was absolutely incredible. the AI is just awesome to battle against and the cartoony graphics add a nice touch. it's fun to team up with friends to battle mass hordes of nuke and tank spamming AI. Using planets to destroy other planets is so satifying as well. Also the variety of units is great. From sea to space it is trully amazing.The map creator was also wondeful. it is a bit tough at first when you can master it, you can make truly awesome maps. i have made with this creator a starwars galaxy map, a 'our solar system map' and a map that is a giant urban sprawl.there are a few issues with the game. a couple of said issues are that matches with a huge map count lag like crazy, having many AI in the late game starts to lag the map, some connection issues and there are no factions so no unique units. but these problems are minor and probably will be patched/added in future updates.In short I highly recommend this game for any stratergy gamer due to all these reasons."
76561198061221438,Recommended,233250,15814846,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,sirsquishem14,"I love this game. If you enjoy complex RTS games, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,233250,15852862,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Dozy,Fantastic game. 10/10.
76561198087608680,Recommended,233250,15865785,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Медведь,I'm glad I bought this game despite the negative reviews. Finally found exactly the type of game I like.
76561198170086106,Recommended,233250,14500387,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Thespazattack01,its a really fun game where you destroy planets with a big death star thing
76561198096734672,Recommended,233250,14534002,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,GeorgeAPorge,"Definetly a bit of a steep learning curve, but once you have the basics down, you are set to conquer the universe!!"
,Recommended,233250,14543045,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Shifty,if your in to blowing up planets and crashing a planet in to another planet this is the game for you!
,Recommended,233250,14553659,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,East Germanyball,I would recommend this game ONLY for those people that like fast-paced RTS games that deliver many MANY unique maps and several different playstyles to end a game.
,Recommended,233250,14553697,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Joseplh,"The concept is good enough to recommend, but purchase with caution.  The game is very simple gameplay wise."
76561198049689775,Recommended,233250,14710940,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Das Vuffenspousaller,"I really love the game, but honestly. I think it needs more story to it : "" Robots awaken, They begin killing eachother to stop the spread of factions. "" - Entire story"
76561198065001451,Recommended,233250,14797789,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Naacal,"Pretty fun with friends and methods of winning can be quite interesting at times. Very rewarding when you win and recent updates have added a lot of content and polish. Sometimes you'll get a bad spawn and it lags when everyobne is buildin tons of units, but nothing major. Should definitley buy if it's on sale."
76561198045716986,Recommended,233250,14814061,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Nickoz,"This is just a unit spamming lagging RTS, But I like it as much as age of empires (maybe even more) just because it isn't difficult and yet there are many strategy's to go for."
76561198023933657,Recommended,233250,14830400,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Machm,"This game gave me what other space RTS's didnt, tangible interplanetary combat. You really do feel like the entire solar system is at war with you. The fighting in orbit definitely feels like orbital fights should be, and the land combat is just as amazing. Though the first couple games do take a little time getting used to the UI and the ""clutter"" on the screen, but not to worry, there are definitely tools to help out with these problems. I definitley recommend this game to somebody who is lookin for a new an interesting RTS to play with."
76561198151598474,Recommended,233250,15099946,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Numeratic Nebula,I loved this game. Really fun action packed strategic game for all those people that like to command units to conquer enemies.
,Recommended,233250,15668872,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,The Incredible Squanch,"The game got off to a rough start. But now, its an amazing game that i can spend hours on. Its very fast paced and the multiple ways to win make it very fun and challenging at the same timealso death star ftw"
,Recommended,233250,15807507,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Jarfulous,The only RTS where you can zoom out enough.
76561198073613738,Recommended,233250,15823524,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,sim.chvll,"Yes because I was spent hours annihilate in the olds ones, but no, seriously guys, u cannot load a game properly ? wtf>A good game, worthing 10 to 20 euros to me, but no more. It becomes impossible to control what is hapening in solo, to many thing to do, but still, u have a lot of fun building the several type of units and make them go to the butcher.Recommended but I would like some improvements !"
76561198043533141,Recommended,233250,14826929,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Stickbob771,"No flying pancakes. Supreme Commander 1, Planetary Annihilation 0"
76561198165693042,Recommended,233250,14994339,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,RageMaster,"I love this game. It seems very complicated, but in reality, it's not. My friend and I play together, and we have fun. Updates are good, not glitchy and bad like other games."
76561198016360655,Recommended,233250,15822454,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Te Maunga,"Love this game, with friends it's just amazing being able to compete against each other for planetary dominance then fighting over moons and giant planetary death lasers. You have a wide range of fun units to play with depending on what you feel like at the time, you can use weird or straight forward tactics to destroy the enemies commander e.g Unit cannon, sneaky teleporters, orbital strikes, ground strikes, firing a giant death laser at an unexpecting enemy and even pushing a whole moon into the planet they're on! You can build solar systems that you can fight with your friends in, and many more exciting things to do, I still find cool things to do.Problem is that it can be a bit low of frame rate sometimes, but if you have a decent computer you will be able to run it.The AI is not a push over, I have trouble fighting regular AI sometimes.The multiplayer is well done as well, I haven't ever had a problem with it.And its just a load of fun with friends.Easy 8/10-Addicting, diverse, amazing gameplay!"
76561198026479814,Recommended,233250,14603834,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,nikolas.m.13,"needs a bit more spit and polish, but this game has some real potential"
76561198051013331,Recommended,233250,14803792,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,jrwarlord,I used to have a game called Annihilation which I believe was this games predisessor.  I enjoyed it and so far I really enjoy this game though I currently am not playing it very well... I will however get the hang of it and then enjoy it even more...
76561197996577956,Recommended,233250,14512844,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Random Facts,"Sincerely, i have bought this game on rebate @7.00$ i think. Couldn't be more happier with my purchase! i Have near 40hours as of now on this one and not tired of it yet! learning curve is a little bit steep as you have to control a lot of different type of units (sea,land,air,orbital) but once you get used to it it's quite fun! There are some bugs here and there (unit pathfinding, ai bugged etc etc) but nothing really gamebreaking. I recommend it. Even at 32$ it's a good bet since most game i buy @ 70$ i usually play them for 20-30hours. Note that i have quite a good system (x99 rampage v , 5930k, 16gb ram, gtx690) and the way the game has been coded doesn't make use of ""SLi"" neither of my 6 cores and can be quite heavy to run at times (depending of the solar system you're playing on).I give it 8/10 (-1 bugs need more polishing (which they're doing right now), -1 hard on systems code is heavy for nothing IMO)Have fun !"
76561198001174431,Recommended,233250,14681595,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,"Vaati, who sold you a flatcap",You can make a moon kamikaze into a planet WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT!!!
,Recommended,233250,14771168,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Exodous,This is a very entertaining RTS space game. What makes this game better than other space games is that you get the option to crash moons into planets and/or use a some what similar death star to destroy other planets too. This is a combination of supreme commander II with the option of controlling planets or using a laser to destroy them.
,Recommended,233250,15832546,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Nytonial,"Its...... A game....In all seriousness it is a decent game, the 3D nature make commanding armies an interesting challenge, the visuals are nearly all beautiful and you get a lot of satisfaction from bringing your army to victory over friends or the AI.However, getting to this point has been a struggle, updates are lacking and far between. We were still promised multi-screen support. Its now its looking like many of these promises will never be forfiled, its quite a disapointment, yet the game is still playable and fun.Maybe if the updates push forward a little more it would be worth £20-30, but for now i'd wait for the sale."
,Recommended,233250,15155260,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,[EMPIRE] BAGELMENSK,"It's great and most of the hate comes from kickstarter backers getting really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about some vague business practices the devs did(even though honestly the game has been supported fairly well, though they couuld have gone about it better)However i'd revommend buying Planetary annihilation titans instead, as it's basically a dlc for this game......."
,Recommended,233250,15172743,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,SwooshySquid,"Nice strategy game to play with friends, amazing soundtrack that I go back to every now and then and if you like Star Craft II then you will like this also!"
,Recommended,233250,15816146,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Skeltal Crysp,"I'm not much of an RTS guy, but after N3 showed the trailer for it while it was being kickstarted, I really grew an interest in it. It's really easy to learn, but there's only 1 thing i don't like. If you jump to a solar system were an enemy is, you can't go away to get more tech. Other than that, I'm really loving it!Edit: Before this, I only played a bit of Civ 5 and some Red Alert, but then this came along and is by far   most loved RTS. Ever."
76561198077634257,Recommended,233250,15816528,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Skeleon,Its a decent game now and there are more updates coming
76561198099758331,Recommended,233250,16587816,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Drink Up :),Planet rams into me..... I lose 11/10 would let a planet ram into me.
,Not Recommended,233250,17906660,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Сarn,"Surprisingly poor singleplayer experience - no campagin at all. No unit variations across fractions, and you can't convert enemy units.AI on normal level can just stand without mooving, if you destroyed all the bildings."
,Not Recommended,233250,17879702,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,MANUL =^_^=,Good luck selling game bugfixes as separate game. Hate you Uber.
,Recommended,233250,14147365,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,10shredder00,"This is indeed a very good game and I recommend it. I bought this game when it was on sale for $5, now. Not saying that this game is so bad that it has to go on sale for 84% off, it is a very good game but for what price you buy it for is your choice. I bought the game twice, once for a friend and once for me and I must say it is a blast, I have barely played any RTS games and he's played a few but we went into the game looking at no videos, no tutorials, nothing. We went in knowing nothing about the game and had a blast, we learned as we went and after a couple games of nonsense it became full scale planetary war between the both of us making it very tense and difficult. The battle of 4 armies is amazing since to win you must develope defence against orbital, naval, land, and air troops otherwise you will greatly get destroyed.Defence:To play this game you need to be somewhat well versed with RTS games and if you aren't it'll be a bit before you get good at it. The game offers 5 types of troops that you can use but 4 versions of them. The 4 versions are the basic orbital, naval, land, and air while the types of troops include orbital, bots, vehicles, planes, and naval troops. When making a base you have to build AA turrets, AN turrets, AO turrets, ect. If you skip one of any of the defences the enemy could have scouted you out with a satellite or scout planes and could easily exploit that weakness for the win.Offence:A good offence is always a good defence. This game can NOT be won if you just sit around making an indestructable base because no matter what you will always have one weakness and if you dont then the enemy will constantly hack at your defences until they cave in. To win you MUST go on the offence, you have to create an army before your enemy does and start attacking immediately. Scout their base, find their weakness, exploit it. Be unlike me, I feel bad when I do this so I lose many of my games, I am slowly learning to stop doing this. You must attack to be victorious. There are many strategies, build and use a teleporter, use unit cannons, or just make a base on THEIR planet!Planets:The planets are very diverse and randomly generated. You will never play on the same map even if you choose the same system to play on. There are planets that are like Earth with trees and oceans, there's lava planets full of oceans filled with lava instead of water, ice planets covered in..... well..... ice!, there's the ""Metal Planet"" A.K.A death star, and not to leave out the gold mine called a gas planet. There are so many planets to go on and many ways to defend and offend on them.Pros:- Many things to build- Progressive building- Control of multiple planets- Difficult economy- Nice effects- Simplistic graphics- Fog of WarCons:- Slightly unbalanced gameplay- Poorly optimized- Large amounts of lag when armies begin to grow- Horrible bugs"
,Recommended,233250,13967135,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,aaaronnnn,"Awesome game. Has come a long way since its release. If you're a fan of Sup com or the old school RTS games, give it a go."
76561198299715135,Recommended,233250,29595338,Posted: 30 January,all,Haddies97,Just awesome
76561198065429173,Recommended,233250,27881217,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,mick.sylvestre,Fantastic!
,Recommended,233250,27324826,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rabjib,The Laser planet is OP
76561198192587142,Recommended,233250,29435125,Posted: 22 January,all,-₱ⱤɆVłɆ₩-₮ɆӾ₮-,Amazing. outstanding what other words to describe it?
,Recommended,233250,27401454,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dom Rosa I,The music alone is worth spending money on!-8/10
,Not Recommended,233250,20402979,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Twerkinator,"Had this game for 2 years and this is all of the time I have in it over that time. Why? Because all of the promises back during the kickstarter never met fruition and instead, were thrown into a standalone expansion because ""why the ♥♥♥♥ not""Never buying a product from these people again."
,Not Recommended,233250,20534808,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,The_Doppelganger,Minimaps. It needs minimaps the you can set to easily view key areas and shift your camera there.
,Not Recommended,233250,20947064,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Judopunch,"Developers advertised features in early access that were never implemented, only to be included in an expansion soon after.I had high hopes for the game, but this is inexcusable behavior. I will never support this studio again and would encourage everyone else to do the same."
76561198041639734,Not Recommended,233250,20684360,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Notoriousj,where is the rest of my game?
76561197972290850,Not Recommended,233250,21322346,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Boller_brus™,Buy the early normal version.Then se that the new version+ the normal version can be bought for 240 when the normal one cost 200.-How does that make any sense at all ????
76561198056622853,Not Recommended,233250,20405067,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Nexus,"#AS OF JANUARY 8th 2016:I had really high hopes for this game. Right from the beginning, but greed and carelessness drove this game off the rails. The game as of now is still unoptimized, still full of bugs, looks basic for an rts but requires somewhat of a monster PC to run this game.When i found out that a standalone dlc ""expansion"" was released separately i knew straight away that they have moved on from listening to the community and more or less listening to ""professionals"" in the glass towers.I DO NOT reccommend buying this game at all, it's just a money grab scheme and Uber has lost a customer.Take my review as a grain of salt and make your own mind up about buying this game with the ""expansion""."
76561198074501135,Not Recommended,233250,20732767,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,jacobgood5,I cant even play the game because everytime I get into a game it crashes I want me money back.
76561198079854837,Not Recommended,233250,21289550,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Newpower,bad.re-review: horrible.re-re-review: They abandoned this $50 game we bought so they could  re-release this same game with couple new shiny units? Lets just drop a buggy mess on the fans and donaters then abandon it without fixing a thing. I guess the alpha concept trailers really were to good to be true.R.I.P Planetary Annihilation (1?)
,Not Recommended,233250,20022023,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Imperial,Save your money and buy forged alliance.
76561197992001686,Not Recommended,233250,17606944,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Piasharn,"Not worth it. And I wish I could refund.And whether I'm being silly about this, I'm a little miffed they added slightly more to the game, released it as a whole new title, and want me to pay $14 for it, when they left this one unfinished. This, after they funded from Kickstarter $2.2m to finish the game.It smacks of Elemental / Fallen Enchantress all over again.My advice is not to support this. Asking to pay for additional content is one thing. Asking people to pay repeatedly for a game they already paid for is something else entirely.If you want a good epic RTS, go buy Supreme Commander + it's expansion. It's finished, at least."
,Not Recommended,233250,17607571,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,stujitsu ((LE)),"Paid Patch... such a disappointment.This game has disappointed me over and over. I got it early and it was more fun in beta than after it's release. Everytime the game got a patch I would try it out hoping it would be fun again and each time it failed.Now I find out that there is an ""expansion"" (paid patch) making the game what it was suppoed to be at launch.I had such high hopes for this game, and it continually fell short of the mark. They promised a game that would be on the same level as Supreme Commander, but Supreme Commander is the better of the two. You would be better off getting Supreme Commander."
76561198045292254,Not Recommended,233250,17607162,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,vvblackmagic,The game is still kindof buggy and dosn't seem finished. Also dislike how they went and made another one but with more in it.
76561198055978050,Not Recommended,233250,20139773,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Dark Cirrith,"Game won't even run, I have a really good computer and I struggled just to get into a game let alone experience any of the game. Poorley optimized and non-functional. Thought it was going to be something like Supreme Commander but it is more like a potted plant, except it doesn't play fetch or provide you with Oxygen.Nate/NateLet this game meet its fate."
,Not Recommended,233250,12146643,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Virtual Gary,"totally inbalanced, not fun to play"
76561197978578818,Not Recommended,233250,12211256,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Jochen SS,this game  is no way ready
,Not Recommended,233250,12191416,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Retizex,"Planetary Annihilation offers a similar but shallower experience compared to Supreme Commander.Spherical maps and a couple of interesting super weapons might be worth your time.Overall, however, this game is the product of the abuse of Early Access. I reccomend that you do not support the developer of this game unless you are desperate for PA's exact offerings."
,Recommended,233250,10799222,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Rhys Brattle,Planetary Annihilation is a great strategy game where you fight across planets. this game i would 100% recomend it to a friend
76561198046386203,Recommended,233250,10819525,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Darkslayer28,"Honestly, after playing hours upon hours of TA, Total Annihilation, I've come to realize how similar this has come to resemble that game. I like it. LOVE RTS's."
,Recommended,233250,8465199,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Jsizzle69,Buy this game so i can whoop your♥♥♥♥♥xD But seriously this is a great game that is worth all the money you spend and more. Definently has more stuff in it then when i bought it for 90 dollars XD But it looked awesome so i backed it up and here it is in Beta with yet MORE to add. AMAZING!
76561198040529709,Recommended,233250,8498107,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,KimbleTheDwarf,"The game itself is very fun, feels a lot like Supreme Commander 2 as far as units and gameplay. I will say though that the game is EXTREMELY intesive on your computer and not recommended for anything but a good mid range or high end pc. As far as gameplay as stated it is much like SC2 BUTTTT there is only one faction as of right now and all unites are identical and the same for every player which makes for fairly boring gameplay against each other as it is either spamming tanks or bombers. The game itself has so much potential to become something amazing with more strategies and gameplay options as it allows for interplanetary battles. But that is yet to be seen in the early access so far."
,Recommended,233250,8503111,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,RoosterMisfit - Twitch.tv,"I played the original total annihilations and expansions back in the late 90s and early 2000s. The ones with the robots is my favorite RTS i have ever played... why cavedog went under i have no idea the game was almost flawlessas for this game.. its still made from some of the original people but of course they cant call everything the same. like the 2 factions you could choose in the original was core and arm but now its just what ever.i have played a bit of it with the ai, they are very nuke heavy.  now its still in beta so things get kinda laggy especially the more planets you put in your solar system (yes you can makje your own)all in all i like it and i cant wait to see how this comes out"
,Recommended,233250,8514771,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,FreddeS,"If you have played Total war and Supreme Comander, you will probably buy this game without this review. 9/10"
76561198055713827,Recommended,233250,8533834,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,PG TIPS,Ohhh god yes.......get...this....game.....
76561198059634802,Recommended,233250,8541040,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,[46th IR] Ted,"Amazing concept, love the design, will not mention the bugs but yes, they are there (it says beta everywhere). I proudly reccomend it. I enjoy the game even though I suck at it at the moment."
76561198007869911,Recommended,233250,8548097,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Warzer,This game really is awesome! Its still in the testing stages but the fact that you can make your own solar system... then build massive robot armies and make moon bases PLUS launch astroids and small MOONS into other planets or even... nuke the planet from your moon base! what else could you ask for in a game?! I recommend this to all those strategy gamers out there!P.Sthe computer is actully smart!
,Recommended,233250,9284183,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,:b:heater :b:id,"What's not to like about thousands of robots, cannons, and planets killing eachother? AND it's on sale! GET IT."
76561198054263085,Recommended,233250,9443783,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Blaize,Great RTS game for anyone who has alot of time to mess around with friends but for the price its lacking more content but its still one hell of a time. IF YOU LIKED CIV YOU WILL LIKE THIS GAME A TON
,Recommended,233250,8495354,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Killurcat,All I can say is this game is amazing.
,Recommended,233250,8499680,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,[{RR}]Fatal Error,Worth it
,Recommended,233250,8511759,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,kruhkamp™,Very Fun! I Love It.
76561198062691458,Recommended,233250,8520066,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Barkbarkoos,the most amazing game ever
76561198024586802,Recommended,233250,8533792,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,MrEpicz™,This game is awesome! Another great RTS game I'll enjoy for a long time! It may be in beta but great things will come after it's fully released! A well done game you should get!
,Recommended,233250,8842685,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,TheEpicDuck,Awesome game though its not in it's final stage. Love the robots and all the factories and the animations of them all. Best RTS game I have ever played. You'll need alot of skill to play this game becouse it's absolutly not easy.
76561198039931056,Recommended,233250,9019147,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Wolfskinrun,"This game is simply awesome. A classic RTS for the modern age, the unique graphic style and emphasis on amazing gameplay and tactics over plot or superficial voice acting makes this game as amazing as it's title suggests - I highly recommend buying this game; even in it's current beta form it easily surpasses any other RTS I have played."
76561197962027845,Recommended,233250,9126914,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Pendaelose,"A worthy successor to the legacy of Total Annihilation.  It is an early access game, and sometimes rough edges show,  but even unfinished its one of the best RTS games ever made.It's core gameplay is very reminiscent of Total Annihilation or Supreme Commander and large maps are a hallmark of these games, but playing on a spherical planet and across a solar system adds an amazing depth to the game not found in any other RTS."
,Recommended,233250,10289882,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Shurimoo,"Got it while it was on sale from the Galactic War update and I absolutely love it. Definitely worth $30, probably worth it at $50, too. Haven't tired of it yet as I am currently at 32 hours. Interface is nice and clean, works with the aesthetic (which may I add I thoroughly enjoy). The ""camera"" view you can set up is quite helpful, especially for group attacks (for example, launching multiple nukes).Overall, I love the game. Though there is some issues with servers, but as I understand they are working on that / won't really matter by the end as we will be able to host servers ourselves."
,Recommended,233250,10283302,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,DareDareTheTarlyBear,"A FANTASTIC game, even though it's still in development. A great game to play with friends and now they have implemented a single player that is quite fun in it's self. This game has a great future."
,Recommended,233250,11028151,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Pep,Destroy planets.Meh.
,Recommended,233250,10687004,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Manoleeto,Absolutely amazing game.
76561198031320229,Recommended,233250,10792598,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Adderzツ (TH),"Is it a bird? is it a plane? No! its a freaking planet! basically, launch planets and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up RTS style."
,Not Recommended,233250,10586620,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,igagfssgfii,"The store page almost fails to mention this game is online only. No connection, no game, not even a single-player one. You cannot save the game to continue later, and servers are still having performance issues, so battles have to be kept short (unless you have a whole day to play, servers are in a good mood and you don't build too many units).The game engine itself is still buggy. You can get your units stuck in the ground, for example. Bug reporting is a bit too complicated, and forums are a pain in the backside. WTF was I thinking. Maybe I'll be able to get a refund."
,Recommended,233250,13921739,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,AquaVitae,Colliding Planets with moons was neverthis much fun!
,Recommended,233250,14214553,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,The Kawaiizilla,"9/10 Launched Mercury into Earth, then proceeded to launch the Moon and what was left of Earth...Overall fun game though, only wish i had more friends to play with."
76561198101302986,Recommended,233250,9380762,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Shark Boy,"Now I had my eye on this game for quite some time, but I was not willing on spending the original $60 on it. I opened steam one day and what do I see, Planetary Annihilation for $30. I bought that instantly and have had no regrets in buying it. Planetary Annihilation takes real time strategy games to a whole new level with orbital and planetary warefare. You can attack from any angle you want in order to beat your enemy (in my case only ai's cause I'm not that great yet :O). If that doesn't work why not just jump to a moon, construct some rockets on it and launch it and them.The way you rotate around the map (planets) and then you will be looking at your base from a different angle is a bit weird at first but after about 3 hours I was used to it. The graphics were also a big change for me as I'm not usually a fan of cartoonish style graphics, but again I got used to it after a little while.I have encounted a few bugs and I always have a problem with units being slighty delayed. So if this would be a problem for you wait a little while but definitely buy it when it's fully released.After actually playing this I would have paid $50-$60 so I would recommend any RTS fan to purchase this game."
76561198117361152,Recommended,233250,13952471,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Sej,"Love the game, reminds me of Total Annihilation from way back, been waiting for a new version :D maybe make it possible for potato computers to run easier? Very creative, very fun."
76561198108294021,Recommended,233250,11022870,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Cozy Toes,Planetary annihilation is one of the best games I have played. Though I rarely like RTS(Real Time Strategy) games this one really caught my eye. The fact that you can build up massive armies of tanks and planes to your hearts content really makes me happy. I love the feel of this game and just the whole aspect of it. I highly recommend this game to everyone who is even considering it!
76561198007279259,Recommended,233250,9003817,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Plavid,A very cool game very similar to Supreme Commander but on a huge scale and micro managing is extremely difficult in this game. The game is still in the beta stage though and there always making improvements still a very fun game. Looking forward to more units and hopefully some experimental units.
,Not Recommended,233250,13583474,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,TechnoFou,"First review, but I had too. I'm a big Supreme Commander player. Forged Alliance and even 2 were really great RTS games where you felt you had control. This game was a dream. The economy of the first games with the polish of the second one... all on planets!Problem is that you have zero... feel. You don't feel like you have control, you don't feel the importance of the classes, some units moves way too fast and some doesn't work the way they should. I never managed to complete a game, simply because a lot of the core mechanics are broken. I'm always insecure by what a unit will do, if my radar works, how I can transport my units and just how the whole thing works.Great potencial, but very bad execution, go buy Forged Alliance if you want a complete experence or SC2 for something more polished and simple."
,Recommended,233250,10315700,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Revilo61,"Simply an awesome Strategy experience, would most definately recommend this game even in its ""Gamma"" State, can't wait till the finished version, but I'm certainly not gonna stop playing the current version yet!!! ☺"
,Not Recommended,233250,13952201,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Jerry Smith,"My original review of PA was made in a fury after one too many crashes, which was solved after I bumped up my virtual RAM (Which is still a tad ridiculous, as it went from 4GB to 12GB but still).Summary: Under the right circumstances, this game is a blast. However, those on the lower spectrum of the minimum specs (specifically those with anything under 8GB of RAM), as well as those looking for a single player campaign would be better off shying away. I'm also a tad hesitant to recommend even on sale since those who backed this game from the very beginning and who paid $100+ still haven't gotten promised content. The dev prematurely released this game and has since abandoned it, then did a kickstarter for another game.Gameplay: Ever wanted to blow up planets with a giant death star? This is your game. You spawn on a planet with your commander and, using the resources of energy and metal, grow an army and build a base, then eventually visit other planets and take other commanders out of play. There are four main types of units; bots, vehicular, aerial, and naval. Each have strenghts and weakness, for example vehicles move slower but complete objectives faster, vice versa for aerial units, and bots are middle ground. There are some balancing issues, most notably the gap of ease of access between metal and energy. I hardly found myself ever running out of energy, but metal was a different story. Pathing is also a major issue. Finally, there are some glitches to be found, such as units refusing to do something.Graphics: It's an RTS. They're good enough but no Crysis by any stretchOptimization: This is where this game shines, really. Much of the money for this game went to servers and it absolutely shows. I saw a YouTube video of a 35 man FFA (no AI) and there was no real lag. But that's not even close to the max ammount of players. Even in a system with a lot of planets and thousands of units roaming around, I have yet to notice major lag and fps drops besides the occasional hang. (However, I have a fairly high end system, so like I said above if you're barely meeting the recommended specs, wait until you upgrade your PC)Misc: No real single player. Galactic War is a real let down. However, you can always do a local multi match against AI (Who are pretty good). Galaxy editor is really fun and allows for fun gameplay combinations.Final Verdict: If you have a group of friends, or even just one friend who play this with you, this game is great fun. That being said, if you pay full price for this game you're getting ripped off. $6 is a good price for this game."
76561198068669019,Recommended,233250,14104045,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Mr.baconpancakes,It's a good a game after you get the hang of it :D10/10
76561198020973435,Recommended,233250,14856876,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Water Dog,One of the greatest RTS's ever
76561198043049692,Recommended,233250,16679245,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Trollinator,"Very fun game, i definetly love the new type of units (the near atmosphere ones), adds a new aspect to RTS, and no supply cap... not to mention cool superweapons. a must have for any RTS lover."
76561198012215545,Recommended,233250,11112574,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Pv2 Irwin Jacob G,Its a Mix Between Starwars Battlefront and Supreme Commander Well Ive only played The galactic war Part of the game But still Great game.
,Recommended,233250,10476582,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,TuVok Shakur,You can steer planets into each other. What more could you want?
,Recommended,233250,10511131,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,{THG}Blade,shut up about the price and get this game. its supreme commander with battlefront 2 galactic conquest style single player. multiplayer is a mess of oh god im dead and is that planet flying at me? yes. i think it is. then you explode.
,Recommended,233250,14474870,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Tick18,I could not have bought a better game (for $6 (on sale)) and play the game as much if not more than i play CS:GO. If you dont want to spend the money wait for it to go on sale. If you aren't convinced to buy the game then just look up a picture of a planet exploding.(it's more fun to do then watch)
76561198084150258,Recommended,233250,14530239,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,SCORED SCORED,"Planetary Annhilation:ProsGreat conceptgood AIEasy to use system editorCampaign-ish galactic conquest is fun, but frustatingControls are easyConsMASSIVE LAG PROBLEMSSTUPID AI SPAMS NUKES  there should be a  setting to not allow nukes in gamesAnchors are too easy to build and too hard to destroy/ 15 avengers per anchorAll other cons were removed in the last few patches such as:PA. EXE crashesNot enough naval units.All in All 9/10 could be better."
,Recommended,233250,14750693,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Shamoo,hard but fun
,Recommended,233250,14757035,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Cheesecake,"Great choice of artstyle, a whole new aproach to the creation of maps. Only downside is that there is not a lot of variety to winning."
,Recommended,233250,15807625,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Lucid,Loving it so far. Ive only ever had the chance to play ♥♥♥♥♥♥ f2p android rts's so this is an awesome step up. graphics are good. controls feel a little odd but you get used to it.
76561197991086057,Recommended,233250,16486441,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,uzielstrife,"This game has a lot of cool features and interesting mechanics. But the Galactic Warfare, the single player ""campaign"", is very unbalanced. By the time you have the oppurtunity to setup anything to building the enemy is sending bombers and ground units. It's frustrating to the point to where it's hard to learn the mechanics of the game in the short 10 - 15 minutes before you're defeated. I know some people just jump right on here and dominate but, for some it would be difficult to learn how to play this game in this fashion. Even with skirmish it's the same way. I recommend picking this game up but be warned, it's very frustrating to play."
,Recommended,233250,16513889,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,J-Mac,"I picked this up for me and my son and we just played two games against each other and we had a blast.  It does not have all the features of other AAA games in this genre but with the steam sale, this game is more than worth the 5 bucks it cost.  Being new to the game I might just not know how to do everything but I felt the following was missing:- No way to queue your build orders.  You start with a commander who builds things and walks very slow.  Later you can build other builders and get around this but I found it odd I could not queue my commander to build three things.  It makes the start of the game a babysitting job where you just follow him from building to building.- Unit descriptions need some work.  I assumed an orbital defense satellite would shot down a nuke, I was wrong.- Planets seem to rotate on you for no reason.  What was up/north one minute becomes right/east in another minute and disorientates you.  I could not find a way to rotate the planet manually but again, I am new to the game and maybe I just could not find it.Other than that, it was great fun.  For the $5, I would recommend it if you have a friend to play with."
76561198079179152,Recommended,233250,16060962,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,ArchEmperor of Dimensions,This game is amazing. But very hard. It requires a strong computer with good internet for multiplayer but overall its a great game. It has tons of units plus sweet mods and overall the planets are breath taking. I would suggest this to anyone who loves massive futuristic battles!
76561198042912366,Recommended,233250,14416853,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,MOTORHEAD,As an old timer Total Annihilation player I waited for freakin decades for this to happen. It rocks. Play it in a toaster WILL downgrade your experience of fun tho.
,Recommended,233250,14750740,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,hanzo328,One of the best rts's i have ever had the privilage of playing. Like all early games yeah it had a rocky start and it would crash your computer with its awesomeness but now that it has had time to be refined and patched up its an amazing game that is uterly amazing. I look foreward to what the designers will come up with next.
76561198113991914,Recommended,233250,14804337,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,NIROW,"this game is amazingi sincerely love itbut i also have to mention just how bugged it is, as much as i want to play this game alot i cant, because it always crashesi hope this game will have future updates that fix these issues especially when makin custom planets and the problems with loading too much info.i do reccomend this game to all my friends and i hope that it will be better in the future"
,Recommended,233250,14811671,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Maxx,"This game is amazing, can't wait to LAN it with my friends. I have played singleplayer (completed) and multiplayer team and 1 vs 1. And I can clearly say that this game is THE BEST strategy game you can get out there. I just wish that you can upgrade your commander during multiplayer (LAN) and not just singleplayer.Negative things:> The singleplayer is to easy on normal and it's really short even if you choose uber size.> Multiplayer = lag - GAME LAGS LIKE HELL! I have core i7 and GTX 750 with 16GB RAM, no problem in singleplayer, but multiplayer has allot of lag spikes and my ping is quite high, but it's understandable, because I am from South Africa.> You need to buy the other half of commanders.> The special has ended today :(But these things does effect my excitement! I recommend this game to everyone who is willing to annihilate!Have FUN! (Fly Uber Nukes!)"
,Recommended,233250,15818499,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Cyber Bully,"To be honest the game is still in beta. Not all the units or buildings are out and they update they are still balancing everything. However it's still nice to see an RTS that does something different. The textures are a little cartoon-y but if that's the price to pay in order to fire an army of tanks and suicide-bombing spiders out of a cannon/factory through space to land on top of the enemy and assassinate his commander, so be it"
,Recommended,233250,15827318,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Snikker,its a fun game
76561198045347528,Recommended,233250,16407976,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mystic Asian,"Lifeless machines building machines building better machines to destroy other machinesThis games got little learning curve, but once you got the basics down its radicalI feel like a lot of the negative reviews for this game are from older issues that have since been solved, This early access game had a rough start, months ago when I first started playing it was a disaster. I constantly lost connection to the servers and the game were terribly balanced and there were tons of optimization issues. but I kept coming back to the game even though it has its issues, The game play was really innovative and fun, especially if you get some friends together and have intense 9 hour games on systems you get to build yourself. The Devs have done a good job fixing many problems and although the game still isn't at a perfect state, many of the remaining issues are minor and its definitely playable and being updated and improved. This game is totally worth a buy and a must-have if it's on sale.I really hope this game gets the better reviews it deserves"
76561198048377025,Recommended,233250,14368519,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Toastritter,"This is a great RTS for evrybody who has 16GB RAM, without you can't play this game because of the bad performance. When you have 16 GB RAM this is graet"
,Recommended,233250,14754010,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,SteakStyles,"I really wouldn't completely reccommend it because it simply doesn't feel like its done. The unit movement, the planet landscapes, the construction system, it all still feels ""beta""...but, if it's on sale for like 15 bucks or less, pick it up. It's a very unique game if you can get around the incredibly wonkey UI. Plus, smashing planets into eachother is always fun"
76561198067980245,Recommended,233250,15804710,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Great Leader Stalin,"This is definitely one of my favorite RTS games. I love this game, but i have to agree with some people, They could definitely add more to this game. It is great as it stands though. While it is on sale, get it. Especially if you are a big RTS fan.8.5/10"
,Recommended,233250,15819931,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Thundax,"I really wanted to love this game but it completely failed to achieve the massive feel and scale that TA and SUPCOM/FA did. The units are huge and the planets are tiny and lacking in character.The overly cell shaded style also does no justice to either of the games which inspired it and used far more detailed texturing and coloring techniques.The GW mode is just dead. It's lifeless and boring.Unfortunately, this game, though pretty enjoyable has very low replay value for me as an individual coming from TA, SU, and FA. I've played it maybe 6 times and probably won't go back.I can honestly say that this feels unfinished and is currently the biggest entertainment disappointment that I have experienced thus far.I still recommend the game at the current sale price as it is very fun for a short time and may be great for new players. But having ""been there done that and done it better"", it's not for me."
76561198039424079,Recommended,233250,14583714,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,dannyisryu,Played for a short while over the last month and its is indeed a fun game and haven't come across any bugs thankfully.However it is  not on the same level as supreme commander but still worth the money IMO if you like short fast paced base building games.
76561198099822893,Not Recommended,233250,13744490,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,FuzzBall_,this game is so bad because i cant even get into a single plater match it crashes every time
,Recommended,233250,14717009,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,AMCHEC,A great rts that's a blast to play with friends!
,Recommended,233250,14734223,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,CannonFodder,This is the BEST rts I have ever played that isn't a 4X! You can literaly use the death star!
,Recommended,233250,28985944,Posted: 3 January,all,Clown,Great RTS game. Would recommend to those who want an RTS that lets you build your base from scratch and eventually move to and conquer other planets. Great soundtrack and great art work. 9/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,233250,28974257,Posted: 3 January,all,Official Fat Cunt™,"Fun game, I love how I can run around and pretend I'm actually there! To bad the AI are quite bad, all-in-all, great game!"
,Recommended,233250,27902822,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,miradosamurai,"great game, especially for the price it's currently at ($4.49 USD), you get to blow planets up and ram moons into them, it's wonderfull."
,Recommended,233250,29290174,Posted: 15 January,all,DJ Calydus,"I wrote a review for this game already, saying that I didnt recommend it. However as you read this now, you may have realised i am now recommending it. I was one of the many who funded this game on kickstarter, something like 3 years ago, and i was honestly disappointed with the outcome. However as of late i was playing some total annihilation and decided that this game deserved another go. Before now the game didnt run smoothly, it constantly crashed and that prevented me from seeing the mechanics this game had to offer. They have seemed to have fixed the problem and i play the game regularly. The mechanics are great, I could describe them in detail and waste your life or i could tell you that they are like total annihilation in the 21st century. The graphics are perfect and simple, the satisfaction of watching your buildings being built is undescribable and the combat is smooth and great + the soundtrack is up to par. The choice of commanders is great, they seem to cover every play style, whether you like relentlessly slaughtering your enemies in the earky game or conducting a large scale battle in the late. The explosions are wonderful aswell, especially when planets collide, not quite universe sandbox 2, but very good none the less.Things i dont like:The movement of units that travel between planets seems grainy and undefined, especially when your moving a planet.The planets don't rotate as time moves forward which strips the realism out from your hands.You cannot collide planets into the sun.Very little solar system customization.The Halley's (engines you use to move planets) are available way too early in the game and provide an unbelieveable easy victory for your combatant. They seemingly havent tried to balance this at all.However I think that this game's positives outweigh its faults and therefore give this game a somewhat clean bill of health. Possibly has a mild cough."
,Recommended,233250,27543385,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Roasty Toasty,Good for getting rid of stress on friends (If you even have any... I don't) unless they throw a planet at you...
76561198018623162,Recommended,233250,30235948,Posted: 27 February,all,YFN FigarMin,A little glitchy at times but makes up for it with untold levels of destruction!!! Blowing up planets with other planets is a fun time for everyone!
,Not Recommended,233250,21894023,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,[iB] eight,"Not an enjoyable experience.  This was an Early Access game, and even in its final release feelslike it's still in alpha.  The developers for this game then released a very similar ""Planetary Annihilation: TITANS"".   If you look at the Store page for TITANS, the About This Game section even says it's the same game as Planetary Annihilation.  I do not recommend either.  I'd avoid anything released by anyone involved in producing these games.(doesn't even deserve a number)/10"
,Not Recommended,233250,20461408,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Agentorange,Imagine spending 2-3 hours building engines on a super moon. And then moments before the glorious collision the game crashes and burns in a pile of its own failure. I bought this game for £30 and it runs poorly crashes frequently and the fact that they want another £30 for the expansion is disgraceful. A game that has cost so much and delivered so little is not worth buying. Oh and the deathstar planet fires with no cooldown so its a game over as youll quickly blow every other planet up. Just buy supreme commander forged alliance instead.
76561198245917722,Recommended,233250,26576914,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Groot Abel,"This is a great rts, unbalanced at times, but it's still highly enjoyable. The solar warfare system is great and well, it's an experience. The unbalanced bit comes in when you realize how hard it is to control numerous planets at the same time. Another thing is that when you play a match for long enough the game legitimately becomes a stalemate. There's no way of winning after fighting for a few hours."
76561197989789822,Not Recommended,233250,20399133,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Clockwork Onion,"Don't buy this. If you want to play it, buy Planetary Annihilation: TITANS instead. It's a standalone with e few TITAN units added to. Apparently they couldn't just give us the few extra units. They had to make it standalone so the people who already own the original can buy another game, just for a few extra units. This is why we can't have nice things."
94430682461048766,Not Recommended,233250,23100311,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,󠀡,"Besides for the devs scamming me and not letting me upgrade to the Titan version after hiding this game on steam(At least the game won't appear when I search for it)This game is the biggest waste of money you could spend.It's an attempt at an ""everyone's equal!"" Sort of game but here's the thing.All the same units. You get 4 commanders by default and buy more with actual money. This can range from 5$ to 10$ for a commander reskin.And to top it off this game has been ""finished"" after its still unpolished and has massive issues.The only ONE way the devs could fix this in my eyes, is by making it more custom. Adding different faction units commander abilities and that would be about all.But that will never happen so don't bother wasting your money on this game. Learn from my mistakes.And don't get me wrongMap editor is cool and all,But this is just. Bad. Even with map editor my own maps won't load unless it's 1 planet half the time..."
,Not Recommended,233250,19774958,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,PyroChiliarch,"Good and fun, but over priced for what you get.Go play SpringRTS, this game is based off it, if you like springRTS but want planets and less unitsand better graphics, then buy this game"
76561198005571427,Recommended,233250,22103131,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Gen Greavous,"Great game, lots of fun.reminds me of supreme commander and alot better than sup com 2, if you enjoy mass units and abse building definetly buy this game."
,Not Recommended,233250,23625827,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Cthanatos,"This game was fun when it still had promise, but now that they want to charge me for a *new* game that should at the very least be a small-price paid DLC, or even better a free update! The new game is exactly the same, and they've abandoned this one. I wish I could get my money back. Ba***rds."
,Not Recommended,233250,12641407,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Captain Oscar,"I backed this in pre-release and have dipped in a couple of times to see how it was going.Been trying the last couple of days to get into it, but it seems as buggy as hell.Also no manual explaining anything, except for some video links.Steer clear. Never buy from this company again.Pity, it looked nice."
76561198110052093,Not Recommended,233250,35401391,Posted: 1 October,all,VoMIT,"This game is a scam. Does not work: ""connection to server lost"", building planet lasts forever. I have not been able to play a single match. Please dont buy this. Steam should refound every player that bought this game."
76561197995277202,Recommended,233250,10926076,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,NpcMaster,"It's the RTS we have been waiting for.  Simple resources, massive armies, great defences and awesome superweapons! I like the art style, it works wonders for the scale of the game.  The units make sense and have short, accurate tool-tips.  Tech progression is straightforeward but well done. The AI is fairly cleaver and diverse, it will keep you busy. And the Picture in a Picture tool is actually incredible! Seems like such a small detail, but I cannot get enough of it!  And this is all before I've played matches against friends, or figured out all the keybindings and features.  Extremely playable and fun as of this review during Early Access.As an overly brief description, its a game of pumping out units to smash into your opponent's armies/bases with a multi-planet scale.  Red Alert 2 meets Sins of a Solar Empire, along with ROBOTS, to make Planetary Annihilation.If you are a fan of Real Time Strategies, you owe it to yourself to get this game. You will not regret it.(If you'd like to compare, previous favorite RTSs of mine were Sins of a Solar Empire, Red Alert 2, Age of Empires 2, and CnC Tiberium Sun.  PA already has earned its spot next to those titles for me.) I don't often write reviews, but this game deserves it!"
,Not Recommended,233250,13166293,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,JOSH4000,"The game wont start! i have clicked play and nothing happens but steam would say im in the game. when i click it again then the little steam box that sez prepairing to launch PA comes up. but then is sez the game is already running. ive uninstalled and reinstalled, validated files, and ask pple who have the game and played it. this is a new problem i think and i would like it if u could look intthis problem so i can play this game."
76561198080206430,Recommended,233250,8501450,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,DaBrick269,It's expensive but fantastic. Its like a combonation of Starcraft and Google Earth
,Recommended,233250,8476618,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Awwraw,Dont buy it if you dont have a good computer i bought it and want a refund i a can get one but im too lazy. but if you have a good computer i would think the best game there ever was ^^ if i got to play i would rate 10/10
,Recommended,233250,8485396,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Kingy,"So, this game initially scared me off with the high price point, but it is however worth the money. This is a whole new kind of RTS game, in and around space. Very fun, fast paced, love the graphics. 9/10"
76561198048571894,Recommended,233250,8498229,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Gabriel3244,I love the game its awsome you should buy it and guys don't judge the game so much and say its really bad becouse wright now we are still in the beta.And i look forward to this game.
,Recommended,233250,8551979,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,DICE,"Like Supreme Commander, but with 100% more planets blowing up"
76561198056491312,Recommended,233250,8600392,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Tom Hanks,Great game! Everything you could ask for in an RTS!
,Recommended,233250,9109174,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,elfoxy,"A great first RTS game, if you've never tried a strategy game before I recommend this as it's fun and not too serious. However, it's not something someone who's played dozens of RTSes would enjoy much, as they might prefer something else like Supreme Commander or maybe Company of Heroes. It's not really worth the current price tag if I'm honest, if it drops below £20, sure; I'd recommend it, but currently it doesn't really offer what you'd expect from a £30 game."
76561198026912716,Recommended,233250,8468678,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Vux,"updated review. Still has a good total annihilation feel to it, none of the stupid super units of supcom though. There are effective ways to break a long siege which make for lots of excitement. I have had several games with friends and have really enjoyed the game."
76561197995355045,Recommended,233250,8510353,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Vom,"Totall Annihilation on steroids... lots and lots of steroids. If you liked TA back in the day you will love this. As far as the beta isgoing, pathing is a little wonky and the AI is harsh to new people, and the graphics are a little less than detailed, however all in all 4/5 because you can make planets smack into each other, and you can planet hop, nuke, and a bunch of other amazing things."
76561198075606447,Recommended,233250,8513016,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Xfinder,very nice game
76561197967301789,Recommended,233250,8510131,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Char Aznable,"This game is Epic, just like Total Annihilation and the battle scale can get HUGE!!!its a must have game for any RTS lover"
,Recommended,233250,9287309,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Small_Cheese,"Get the game already! You won't regret it, if you can run it."
76561198048988223,Recommended,233250,8537823,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Zack Attack,Love this game!!!!!!  A have to have!!!!!!!
,Recommended,233250,8541438,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,cant play for shit,good game looking forward to what might come in the future
,Recommended,233250,9326039,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,virtual suicide,"A great premise, and some *promised* action, including planet smashing and thousnads on thousands of clashing units, but all I got was an unoptimized, 2 FPS (if I was lucky) lag.Honestly though, let me be blunt. The game has an always-online policy, or if you can play not-online, I haven't found that glorious setting yet. Also, it lacks a proper tutorial, something I personally need after such a drastic departure from Sup Com 2, a game I was adament about with my friends.The only thing I can hope will be redeemable about this game is if they update it, optimize the units and particles, and make and not-online setting. Please Uber Entertainment, PLEASE, do these things. I've been waiting for this game since August 2013, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE, I don't, and likely wont, want to get stuck with this lagtastic piece of garbage.I'm sure these reviews clutter up the early-access games, but please don't buy this game yet.with lag- 6/10     without lag- 9.5/10"
,Recommended,233250,10672317,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kwaurtz,"Planetary Annihilation takes everything previously established in this genre of game and warps it into something tasteful and refreshing. Rather than having to constantly wait for your resources to accumulate, they are constantly streaming. Rather than being capped out on the limit of your army, you can build to your hearts content. Rather than duking it out in a stalemate, you can crash an entire ♥♥♥♥ing planet into your opponents for a victory. This game is adding more and more to my delight, and it has been worth the early investment so far in Early Access, I can't wait to see when the full release is finished."
76561198020827676,Recommended,233250,10699830,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Biggs Nets,"Very Enjoyable for an in-development game, the AI can be a bit ruthless but the game itself is a charm for at least a few hours as it stands. Amazing with friends."
,Recommended,233250,10751992,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,DSparadox,Beautiful strategy game!!!
,Recommended,233250,10206936,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Zuki,frewaking love this game.All about teamwork
,Recommended,233250,10779305,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,BrandonWA,"Simplified Starcraft yet also just as complex with the addition of solar system type maps. If you play RTS games at all and don't mind learning or reworking some keybinds, then this game is for you!"
,Not Recommended,233250,11269096,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,^0[TBKE]^5Dozer,"I was pretty excited about this game way before it's alpha release. The ""gameplay visualization"" video that was uploaded at theirkickstarter page was really fascinating and a lot promising too. I bought the game 2 months after it's release for 100 USD. Back then there was only one planet that you could play on, as it was at it's earliest stages. The gameplay was quite nice but I prefered to play supreme commander back then as it was almost the same thing but sc was more complete.After  the beta release and the ""Planet Smashing"" I got really excited but it didn't last for long. After I played some time, I found out that the game was kinda laggy at loading, the interplanetary transportasion was poor and that the game was in need for vizualization and gameplay fixes. But I encouraged my self and I was keep saying myself ""It's still in beta"".27/2/2014 , the day the game was dead for me. I was really disappointed with uber. Even though they didn't finish the game in time, they got into gamma... REALLY? GAMMA? It's well known that beta is the last step before the release and beta is a testing version of the game published in a group of people who have usually pre-ordered the game, to get a taste of the game before it's release. But gamma... what's that? Gamma is here for almost 5 months and there are no BIG changes to the game except optimization and fixes. The only good feature that was introduced with gamma was the ""multi-planet"" that allowed the players to spawn in diferent planets of the system and the begining of the game, something that in my opinion should have been published a lot earlier. Even now there are few elements of the game reminding me the game Planetary Annihilation was supposed to become. Should I also say that after the gamma release (almost) uber announced another game they were being developing while Planetary Annihilation development was far away from ""ok"".*This is my opinion, and I believe that only the kickstarters and the early alpha players will agree with."
76561198122483870,Recommended,233250,13202365,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Olionion,lots of people are saying it didnt live up to the kikstarter but in the video for that they clearly stated that it was mearly a representaion of what it could look like if they got the funding. others are saying its buggy but i havent experienced a single bug while playing so its less buggy then bf4 or ac unity and those are triple a titles. its a really fun game and i would recomend it and the people compaining about the balening cearly arent aware you can just lower the efficentcie of the ai making it easier to defeat.
,Recommended,233250,9068168,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,☜Nubs McShouty the 2nd☞,GET IT GET IT GET IT GET IT GET IT!
,Recommended,233250,10202175,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,TK-421,"Brings the insanity of total annihalation into 2014. The UI is a little clunky, and the game has a few bugs, but by the time this is released it will be a much better game. Right now, if you loved total annihalation, or just really love blowing up huge amounts of robots, you should pick this game up."
76561198063410076,Recommended,233250,29729913,Posted: 5 February,all,☭,"I can say this game is probably the best real time strategy I have ever played. Its has some kinks, but once you get the hang of it its very good.Other RTS games I have put a decent ammount of hours into inclue Age Of Empires 2 and halo wars, so im going to draw comparisons with those games to build this review.Age of empires is good, but it has glaring flaws. The units are dumb and need frequent commands, and there is a population limit, preventing people from building huge armys. The building system is nice however, as it allows the player to put building where they want, and build more complex basesHalo Wars has a low population limit, which really bummed me out in the later portions of matches because my armies could not grow according to the ammount of recources I was generating. And the bases where small, and didnt give the players much freedom when deciding the location of buildings.Planetary Annihilation takes the best aspects of the two, and kills off the problems each of them had. Freedom when building, mostly autonomous units, no population limit, all features I love in an RTS. I can make armies of biblical proportions, have entire planets designated to harvesting resources for me, while I use the resources to build machinery that lets me crash a moon into its home planet, destroying my enemies in the process.Pros--NO UNIT POPULATION CAP (And a constant build mode on unit factories)-Lots of control over units-Almost every unit can do tasks automatically-Can build custom solar systems to fight inCons--The program itself does not run very smoothly. Long load times, temporary freezing in menues, etc.-Multiplayer can be hard to get started when playing on big solar systems-User interface is not very straight forward, but easy to use once you learn it.Overall I highly recomend this game, especially if you have friends to play it with."
76561198027075967,Recommended,233250,9720315,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,More_Eeyore,Creative take on the RTS genre that is very enjoyable. Whats not to love about crashing planets into one another?
,Recommended,233250,9614298,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Firebeats,You can nuke and blow up planets. What more can you ask for?
,Recommended,233250,10454686,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Tachyon,I've been having a blast playing this game. I love an RTS where the focus is strategy and not micro-management. Oh and it runs on Linux!
76561198029606488,Recommended,233250,10469564,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Sam Fish,Great Ideas and fun to play BUT! currently has a lot of fps issues even when run on decent computer
76561198094785818,Recommended,233250,15821263,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Dracan,"It is an AWESOME Strategy Game! If u love strategy gaming you should buy it.Yes, I know its not perfect but still its Amazing when u have a strategy in your mind to destroy everybody else."
,Recommended,233250,15658389,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,That Man Melvin,"Planetary Annihilation is a great game. After years of playing CnC, i was looking for something new when i could no longer manage to get online on Zero Hour. I soon found PA, a cool RTS on solar-system scale. It is different from most RTS games as you have interplanetary fights and annihilation systems (death-star laser and moon-smashing). The Low-Poly art style is very appealing too.The game still gets quite regular updates, helping to improve the game. Updates usualy contain bug fixes and balancing changes.The game has an interesting single players (i have not played this much), Offline Skirmish against AI with 4 possible difficulties that are actually quite challenging on the higher tiers, and of course a beautiful multiplayer PVP.Team battles, Free For All, 1v1, 5v5, you can do it all. A nice quick battle that is quite close, or just an all out brawl with thousands of units that takes over an hour to complete, where 10 players battle it out. It is just a great experience to play and very refreshing in the RTS genre. Unlike many new RTS-games, PA is very easy to pick up and learn and your HUD is not cluttered by infinite amounts of lines and colors.A definate plus point of the Multiplayer aspect of the game is that you can rejoin a match if you got (unexpectedly) disconnected.For PA, i would give a 9/10.Why no 10/10?Well, PA lacks on a few parts, mainly servers. The servers can be quite unstable and FPS may get low due to this when many units are in the game. At the time of writing this review i also experience a bug where i have no HUD and UI when i play my first game after launching the game (the game responds quick when shutting down with Alt+f4 and starts up quick. It also let's you rejoin games that you were (unexpectedly) disconnected from, so this is not too big of a problem usually)."
,Recommended,233250,15134515,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,[SG]Rock,"Challenging game with a steep learning curve.  I suggest watching videos to learn how to effectively direct your army and plan your builds.System minimum requirements are a joke (too low), I was running 8GB of RAM and the game would crash frequently.  I increased my RAM to 20GB and now it runs without crashing."
,Recommended,233250,16684655,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Klkan,"Starcraft made by michael bay, planetary annihilation is exacly what the name says, you blow up anythign and everything that is not you.Shame there is little to no viable tactic exept zerg rush the enemy or get a bigger gun them him.The artstyle is very..simple however this its downfall since units dont feel unique, but i guess some compromises had to be made, because if this game had decent graphics you would need a nasa pc to run it, the game despite many optimizations still eats way to much resources.Singleplayer is finally implemented so i defently suggest this to anyone looking for some mindless violence, provided your pc wont melt after a 30 minute match, go for it, i still wish there was a neutral button since i cant recommend this to hardcore RTS players due to lack of tactical elements, but eh if you are in it for the fun of blowing up everything go for it."
,Recommended,233250,27635234,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,McDonutz,"Some of the people I play with have problems getting this game to run smoothly, we also find that the friend system built in to the game doesn't work fantastically well and generally the game seems poorly optimised.HOWEVER, when we can get it working; it's extremely enjoyable.There's no better feeling than allowing your mate to think he's aiming his death laser at the planet you're on, only for it to be a decoy. Then proceeding to land an attack force on his death star, destroy his lasers, build your own lasers, and then destroy his planet with them."
,Recommended,233250,29588127,Posted: 30 January,all,Kris,"Really enjoyable simgle player experience, with a great new aspect to your standard RTS."
76561198022031670,Not Recommended,233250,12005746,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Doodle-Bug,"THis Game is TRULY Horrendous, I'm a massive RTS fan and this is utterly horrible, at HUGE wast of a LOT of money...I'm REALLY gutted and wish I could get a refund. the camera control is awful and completely unintuitive. Is basically really annoying and for the price ???? Is this some kind of joke??!!I cant see myself wasting any more of my valuable time playing this rubbish its a total bore and just doesn't play well AT ALL.I do not understand how a game could be released in such a TERRIBLE state and made available on steam its disgraceful.If you like C&C or Stacraft you will HATE this game."
,Not Recommended,233250,19230053,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Battledad,You broke my heart. I think we should see different people .
76561198060234182,Not Recommended,233250,12006604,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Greylos,"This game is still in alpha no matter what the devs think. it is in a stage where it is almost unplayable the AI for units dont understand how to move correctly, the game fps is awfull if you have more than 2 planets, multiplayer is a nightmare"
,Not Recommended,233250,12058567,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Firedog_Alpha,"Let me say first that I want this game to be everything I ever wanted. But, unfortunately, its still not there yet.  I can't say that it is optimized, that it is super visually stunning, or that it is my absolute vision for a perfect space game.  But it could be. If it ran perfectly, had some diversity in play styles and unit compositions, and had more interplanetary features (weapons spaceships etc) then I think this would be a better step in the right direction for the space rts sub-genre."
76561198040753583,Not Recommended,233250,12059046,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Orr,"This game would be great if it weren't for the fact that unless you have a hardcore gaming computer you're♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck. I've tried on a few laptops and desktops, all window 7 and 8, and it never loads and will immediately crash. Also a bit of complaining; if the game is unplayable fo you as it is for me then apparently Steam won't refund your money."
76561198066432340,Not Recommended,233250,17990469,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,AssassinXKiIIa,Offering a discount for Planetary Annihilation TITANS is the biggest letdown ever! I paid 90$ to ensure I would be entitled to any new downloadable content and future expansions as well as helping out the company. The company decided to BAIL on their existing users and are only offering a DISCOUNT to the users who already paid 90$ WTF. I'm done supporting this company what a fail.
76561198038831837,Recommended,233250,10772881,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,SKmonster,"Though the game is not done yet, it is really fun and shows promise for more amazing gameplay.  If you like strategy games at all you should check this game out."
76561198144808692,Not Recommended,233250,12014452,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,sprattowen,Pointless. I regret buying it. It takes forever to load and the game mechanics suck at the moment. I hope to see it improve in the future with a proper tutorial rather than Youtube videos. I have spent the last 4 hours trying to do some of the cooler game mechanics which are apperently possible and have not been able to do anything. Very little in the way of units and very little game progression. Nothing to help anyone new to the game. Don't buy it
,Not Recommended,233250,12015466,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,BrbHouseOnFire,9/1/14 Post release - Still not even close to a finished product.Buggy. Poorly Optimized. Lacks a lot of content.Such a let down from the kickstarter hype.
,Not Recommended,233250,12061755,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,hydra,not worth 29$
,Not Recommended,233250,12154217,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,emohr,"Does not run on a ""supported"" version of Linux with required hardware/drivers. The support forums and other resources have been no help. Wasn't able to return the unplayable game. I guess they just took my money and ran."
,Not Recommended,233250,12031111,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Pussy Wind the Meat Purse,"Do  not buy this game. i have had it since beta and they still haven solved almost any problems relating to it. chrashes on startup, chrashes on game start, incredibly unoptimised, cannot run it in windowed, laggy response from units, and for some reason it slows my computer to a halt after every time i play it."
76561198040779711,Not Recommended,233250,12005951,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,The King Of Madness,"Probably the worst game I've ever played.  I have yet to get through one game with out it lagging out glitching or crashing.  I've played both the beta and actual game and there little to no improvements.  Again, its hard to enjoy a game when you can't even finish one skirmish.  0/10"
76561197970559001,Not Recommended,233250,12009115,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Cole,"I want a refund for this game, i was waiting for this to come out for so long and i was so sad to play it. :("
,Not Recommended,233250,12073506,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,PrazeMelone,I paid £30 for this crap?
76561198000957368,Not Recommended,233250,12014639,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Nkaris,"This was the worst purchase I have made in a long while. I have less issues on the Dayz standalone that I do with this game. Being sold as a finished product as far as im concerned is an outright lie. This is not a complete game and should not be sold without proper warnings thats its not complete, will crash alot and pretty much none of the videos will work. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY"
76561198006301596,Not Recommended,233250,12048480,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Jerico,"I want to like this game but cant. The biggest reason you need to be constantly connected to a high speed internet for me thats a problem since my computer and router are on opposite ends of the house, basicly this means you can open the game and start a battle but does not actuallly work. Problems abound as well little to no optimization. This could be really good but it is no where near finished. When I do get the game to work there are a lot of issues such as missing explosion or whatever is supposed to happen when you collide planets. I supported this from the start and its dissapointing that they just up and said its finished when it clearly is not. I figured since they actually were updating it they would finish it and I still hope they do."
76561197969384665,Recommended,233250,8542028,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,ß φ φ M Z φ R Z,Very fun game well worth it.
76561198072988356,Recommended,233250,9212945,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Catnapper,"Watch the trailers. Now realize... that I've DONE ALL OF THAT. The planet smashing, missles, space colonies, stargates, artillary, large armies, really large armies, I've seen it all. Truly a game for those with a love of bullets, RTS's, explosions, and a beefy-ish computer (the stylized square and trangles mushed togetyher that most of the models are is still hard to render when there are  500+ of them). The best introduction to real time stragegies, hands down."
,Recommended,233250,9322183,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Quantx,"Get it, easily the best RTS ever made. It's worth the cost. Land, Sea, Air, and Space units. Orbital Lasers, Nuclear Missles, and Kinetic bombardment with celestial Bodies.Because let's face it; your favorite RTS can't do this. This one can. See the diffrence?(Fair warning Uber's servers have been known to be a little slow but its usualy not a problem and is completley eclipsed by the gameplay and were getting local servers soon.)If I had to sum up the entire expirience in a few words it'd be: &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥♥A'"""
,Recommended,233250,8543348,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Randy Boebandy,"Planetary Annilation is definatly an addicting game. Even at it's beta period, it is a very well polished game. The fact that you can make so many units is amazing and the engine can handle it (most of the time). I highly reccommend this game and the price may be a bit steep at 60$, but if you wait until the game comes out it will be 40$. If you like space games, you will love this game."
76561198047709490,Recommended,233250,10091661,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Machivilius,"How to have fun in Planetary AnnihilationStep 1. Buy gameStep 2. Pick out which commander you like best from the armoryStep 3. Practice Normal BotsStep 4. Try beating the Normal bots againStep 5. Try beating the Normal bots again and actually win this timeStep 6. Build your own solar system with oversized planetsStep 7. Try public matches.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qT6jdUVvfEStep 8. Try bots again and win with the knowledge you have gainedStep 9. Win pub games and bots.Step 10. Get addictedCongratulations, you have know learned to enjoy Planetary Annhilation for all it's glory,10/10 would annihilate again"
,Recommended,233250,9290869,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Blue,"Pros: Big Armies, SPAAAAACE, Both macro/micro strategy, Mech, Interplanetary conflict(Not psudo ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t), First game to use other planets as ACTUAL game winning projectiles.Cons: Branches of Units(Air, Sea, Ground) generic, You need a beast of a PC to run this mother, Visually a bit underwhelming.Music equates to inserting a trumpet up someone who has chronic gastro.Worth it? Yes, atleast 20 - 30 hrs of fun. Expect to have your PC's resources molested however."
76561198002845614,Recommended,233250,8924530,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,[CCC]SirBeans,"Lots of fun, quite buggy and taxing on the system. but completly worth it if it will run on your machine. BETA WILL BE BETA!"
,Recommended,233250,13609006,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,merri,I blew up a planet so hard I crashed to desktop.
76561198068320634,Recommended,233250,13653409,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Stay Away From My Peanut Butter,Destroyed venus with mercury killing the enemy's commander in the process... 10/10
,Not Recommended,233250,12256068,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Lilrex,"NOPE! this game is terrible. This game wihle being in a cool 3D landscape is so poorly designed that it is just impossible to play at a any level. I did 2 games with a friend for his live stream show and both times I just hated the experience. The hotkeys are terrible, the icons for the units are unreadable, you lose your mouse at the smallest twitch, the minimap is awfule, the hotkeys are just crap.Even if you get the chance to get this game for $5 on a steam sale, DON'T!!!!Any other questions tweet me @lilrex2015For those of you who early accessed at $60, I am SO SO SO sorry."
,Recommended,233250,13720651,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,DI | Aero,I think this game is very fun! It has a few problems that need to be fixed but other than that it's a pretty awesome game!
76561198106202330,Recommended,233250,13653509,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Just Alonzo,"Got the death star operational, and proceeded to push my friends poo in 10/10"
,Recommended,233250,13713674,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Noxious Silver,This game is great. It may be missing some things but if everyone would quit bashing it then you might enjoy it better. Sure its not worth 70 bucks but the price has gone down.
,Recommended,233250,8355894,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Kingsunnys,"this game is so fun, great to play with friends"
,Recommended,233250,7970553,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,SoloFlexie,"Wow, many euros.. Such in development, many disappoint."
76561198048013793,Not Recommended,233250,12252711,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Lord-Commander Beats,"The game might be great aside from it's meager game modes and if it werent for the game freezing 90 minutes in after hearing ""Nuclear Launch Detected"" literally every 5 seconds(no joke) because the AI can't even manifest a simple invasion force let alone a propper one. Also there is no save option, anywhere. You might want to read other reviews to get a sense of the gameplay and it's mechanics. But in all honesty, why even bother with this broken game? This was not ready for release. Save your money for something better."
,Recommended,233250,13962294,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,DemonSeed,I agree with a lot of people this game is lacking in some areas but they are way over exaggerating in my opinion.Granted I wasn't following it forever but this game is ALOT of fun even if it is lacking so I will list out pros and cons.(The pros do outweigh the cons in my opinion)Pros1.Nice graphics (Could use a bit of optimization though using GTX 660) Edit: 980ti and 6700k now runs great.2.Awesome Gameplay3.Fun multiplayer4.Like how it's played on round playing fieldCons1.Campaign map screen has some weird lag2.The multiplayer creation screen also has some weird lag3. Could use more content (looking at you Titans)4.The Ai is a bit unhuman like in the way they play.5: There are times when my units will get stuck and cause other people to get stuck and there should be and option to roam the map automatically (if there is one I can't find it) Edit: Found it a while back.6. Multiplayer tends to be impossible to win or lose without nukes or annihilation later game.OverallGreat game would most definitely recommend it especially when it's on sale (When I bought it)Great concept just need more implemented to itSome weird lag in certain menus♥♥♥♥♥♥ company decisions that could've made the game better but don't hold it back to much do to a nice modding community.
,Recommended,233250,9238918,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,v1ruz,"Great game. Was a sucker for the Supreme Commander series and the Total Annilihation games; this game follows suit, and yet it seems to expand upon them. This game still isnt completed yet which actually excites me because I'm already happy with what has been released. Looking forward to the rest!"
,Recommended,233250,9368328,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Slazia,"Enjoying this a lot. Definitely worth it in a sale. At first I didn't like it, but the online 'Share Team' mode made it a lot of fun. It is different to SupCom, but give it a shot - especially if you can get it in a sale."
,Not Recommended,233250,16904671,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,BRONIC90,"This game has so many issues!, Always freezes and crashes. reinstalled multiple times on windows 7 and 8. for a well funded kickstarter game this thing was not worth the money, too many bugs still in game."
76561198067095453,Recommended,233250,9285101,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,BMAeu,bonito
76561198086697718,Recommended,233250,9787613,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Khaleesi,IZ GOOD YALL
76561198022721707,Recommended,233250,10521099,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,sikkwolf,"I'm a huge fan of the previous SupCom games by these devs and I really enjoyed total annihilation even thought I got to the party late.. but this game doesn't really do it for me. It's beautiful, the scope of what you can do and see happen in a match is borderline insane (Shooting moons into new orbits to become the ultimate weapon? That's cool.) but where as  SupCom 1 was extremely engaging and a good enough player could make any playstyle work and SupCom 2 tweaked that formula to make the entire experience a little more user friendly to the mainstream, PA bgoes the other direction and feels messy to me while doing it. I walked away feeling the game was convoluted and more of a chore than a joy to play. Maybe I haven't spent enough time with it, maybe it pushed the boundaries just far enough outside of the RTS that I love that I'm uncomfortable with it and therefore don't like it... Whatever the case may be, I'm going to ahead and recommend the game because while I feel my 80$'s was wasted on it, the functional pricepoint it currently resides at I think is reasonable for the content and you should give it a shot and see if you like it more than me, as I can't help but feel I'm in the minority and capabl of admitting that just because I don't like something doesn't mean it sucks."
,Not Recommended,233250,13190662,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Big Boss,"Spent an hour trying to get this game to work because you need an account on a website to play. That part was easy. The part I spent an hour on is why, after I logged into the game and linked my Steam with the website account, I couldn't even play it. Looked around and there was little info on it. When I did manage to find it, I found that I have to open it through the actual folder it is located in. The best part? I can't add the actual working game to Steam because it askes if Steam is open when I open the working PA through steam. Worst 6 bucks I have ever spent."
,Not Recommended,233250,13191563,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,[Warrior],Terrrible garbage. As an avid Starcarft 2 and ARTS player I feel that this game is un-finished. The combat is very random. You basically send a death ball in and trying to kite is pointless. Game is all about spamming units the fastest.Hope the modding scene for this game can save it otherwise I just wasted money.
,Not Recommended,233250,13191521,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,nivina,"This game should still be considered beta. Out of the 500 or so Steam games I have, this is by far the biggest disappointment. This developer's UX department either outright hates it's customer base, or has never, ever, EVER, played another game before. I would believe either, that's how bad this game is. Anyone who plays this, does so because they are forcing themselves to believe that they didn't flush their money down the toilet."
,Not Recommended,233250,13192067,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Mickey21,"Though this game is an interesting jaunt into RTS game play, it doesnt come anywhere close to something like Total Annihilation or the Supreme Commander series, including SupCom2, which is saying a lot.  The galactic war is just annoying.  It was an interesting attempt, but quite frankly who has 12 years to play a campaign of that magnitude even with a relatively small galaxy setup.  And god forbid you die even once, well that 11.9 year campaign you were working on, all that time lost in a void of drama failure wimper.  Is the game fun, well, it has some entertainment value.  I would say minimally, but present.  The robot design is lacking, the planet detail is worthless, the path finding, though better than initial ""launch"", is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor pathetic.  I would not categorize this game as ""launched"" or ""released"" though.  It feels very unfinished and if I were to judge, 30% completed.  I kept asking myself if this game was ever going to truly look better than a game almost a decade older than it.  Quite frankly I feel duped by the purchase, but suppose for say 2.99, I might purchase it.  Is it no wonder that my purchases on games that are supposed ""early release"" has hit an all time low.  It is titles like this one.  Full of promise, but nevertheless under deliver."
76561198023372353,Not Recommended,233250,30191615,Posted: 26 February,all,影月,"A complete and total dissapointment. The perforamance of the game is still absolutely terrible to the point of barely being playable. After getting a new PC, which is perfectly capable of playing VR games and far exceeds the requirements listed for the game, I decided to try playing again to see if it could handle it. Unfortunately performance was still terrible - everything is jittery, fragments are dropped, controll is almost completely impossible during battle, etc. Even if performance was OK the actual gameplay isn't that deep. Even Total Annihilation, which this is supposed to be based off of, is far more entertaining."
76561197999820888,Not Recommended,233250,25951199,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,jimmyjoe,"Game has far, far less than what was promised to the kickstarter supporters and early access peeps. Rushed development to get to version 1.0, still an unfinished game, and then had the ♥♥♥♥ing balls to announce that they were working on a brand NEW game with aliens and monsters, WHILE THIS GAME WAS STILL NOT EVEN CLOSE TO FINISHED. Icing on the cake? They sold a core component of the game as ♥♥♥♥ing DLC. I regret being an early access contributor to these devs, and since this E.A. and DayZ's♥♥♥♥♥♥show, I now refuse to purchase early access games entirely."
76561198093338192,Recommended,233250,30453772,Posted: 11 March,all,Casanova,Its a fun space game with explosions and♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,233250,34368960,Posted: 20 August,all,AutoBlow,"Im actually really happy to be seeing all of this negitive attention because they deserve it.I paid $60 to preorder this game originally, that was like 1-2 years ago. They never added anything new to the game and only brought out an expanasion pack for $40 afterwards, which I was disapointed in. Seemed like a real kick in a nutsit was broken on day one. The menu system is super laggy, as is the game setup menu which crashes sometimes. There's no longer different factions, its all the one faction so every game is the same.  The actual gameplay mechanic is cool with the revolving worlds and stuff but its just a gimmic really.Wish I never prepurchased, and it will be the last time I ever do from anyone."
76561197993917521,Not Recommended,233250,22016916,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,minijedimaster,Game is an unoptimized P.O.S.  You will never get another dime out of me Uber.  Your company has earned its reputation amongst the gaming community through your own actions.  Enjoy the unemployment line.
76561197996356932,Not Recommended,233250,23863633,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Skankhunt42,"Early access game (forced into) ""Full Release"" full of bugs. That does not live up to original promises made by Devs.Single Player is very VERY limited. AI is pretty garabage even at hardest level.Multiplayer is near non-existant and only about as good as AI if that.Multiplayer peak times will yeild at best 20 servers in any given region..The idea was good, the excercution is poor."
,Not Recommended,233250,12001729,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Xelik,"When you read the system requirements and go ""oh I can run that no problem"" you are very much tricked by the lies these guys are telling you. I beat the requirements for this game and it is basically only playable with under 5 planets. Don't even think about this game until someone tells you that they have the game and it is fixed."
76561197961283443,Not Recommended,233250,12821491,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,JoePineapples,"Quite a dissapointment in on itself. If you want massive scale RTS combat, I would go look at Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance; you get more for less essentially."
,Not Recommended,233250,12039688,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Banstyx,"Keeping it  short and sweet. Dont waste your money on this one! I understand what they were trying to do here, it just doesnt end up working. Planetary Annihilation ends up feeling smaller than Supreme Commander.  Guess I will have to wait for Chris Taylor to resurrect Total Annihilation. Until then I will skip this. and fire up Sup Com."
76561198002589499,Not Recommended,233250,12112457,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,kansaskax,"Yeah release version... sure..Some fact why I don´t recommend it..- Takes ages to load.. Then it behaves like a Shooter from the year 2018 and you urgently begin to think about new hardware..- There is no.. absolutely no overview.. As managing an army on one planet is not challenging enough... Latest if you try to attack a different planet you will be lost...- There is ""a"" single player.. at least the button says so.."
76561198000407356,Not Recommended,233250,12007640,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Uncle Enzo,"This was an easy recommend in beta testing when it looked like the game was still being polished.  Now that it's post release, this one is a Don't buy"".  The release version has little difference from the beta, and is still missing important features.   No offline mode.  No matchmaking.  No ladders.  Wonky balance.  Poor optimization.Wait a while until more patching happens to make it a finished title, or wait for the 90% steam sale."
,Not Recommended,233250,12117320,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Waterloo,"Wait. 80 bucks for the preview, and 30 bucks for the full release? Not only is it a terrible entry into the format, with Supcom being hilariously better in almost every aspect, but it is, was and shall be a rip-off till it hits 5 dollaridoos"
,Not Recommended,233250,12064874,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,aceofdeath4life,"wow that is all that i can say abou this game. from what i saw before release to now there has not been much change. first of there is no real tutorial only a link to a youtube video. the ""campaign"" is empty and meaninless and the game itself runs like garbage. i have a very high end rig and i stugle to run the game on low end specs smoothly"
,Recommended,233250,10202404,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,nkg,My Favourite RTS Game so Far
,Recommended,233250,10712327,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dasmig,"If you are masochist and loves to be crushed by AI every single game despite being the easiest difficult, totally buy it.Se você é masoquista e adora ser estuprado pela AI em todas as partidas, mesmo na dificuldade mais fácil, compre já."
76561197975254841,Recommended,233250,8498876,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,zzzflyer,"very promising game, but still beta and lots of things don't work well, why can't you destroy a simple turret when you miss place it? you don't have that option, lots of games out there give you that option and you get back 90%of the metal or whatever you invested.then  you don't know wich units are idle, etc, thats my early opinion about the game, but it will become a great game as it has a very nice early concept, I actually bought it to back up who's making it, but there's a long way to go,keep on improvingcheersemanuelPortugal"
,Recommended,233250,8777489,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Joseph Stylin,"Still clearly in beta but a fantastic game. Most recent update changed everything and I haven't played enough of it yet, my new favorite RTS game by far."
76561198061889634,Recommended,233250,12339342,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Blockiemonster55,Absolutely awesome game to play with friends and annihilate each other
76561198082847308,Recommended,233250,12331403,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Scm1224,my uncle helped make this game and it from the time he showed me it i wanted it it is great i really like it
76561198001418915,Not Recommended,233250,13914235,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Avoh,Can't tolerate it enough to even get $5.99 worth of entertainment out of it.
,Recommended,233250,13597298,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,iamoverthere,"(THIS REVIEW IS FOR PEOPLE THAT ARE NOT LIVING IN THE PAST AND THINK THAT TOTAL ANNILATION IS THE BEST RTS OR W.E)This game is freaking amazing, if your a fan of the RTS genre and want something with more spice than, just sending a massive army into the enemy base then this is your game. Being able o build the massive death laser is an automatic seller. There are so many ways to play this game. Could do entire air dominace and orbital control, or do a massive never ender ground army with tanks that have 2 barrels. If you have the money why not send A FREAKING MOON at their base. Other than the accational bugs like crashes here and there. This game runs really nicely and is a ton of fun. Really recommend getting this game if want something refreshing."
,Not Recommended,233250,10201842,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,123,"A Supreme Commander clone so similar its a shock there isnt a lawsuit involved.. Horribly choppy compared to supreme commander. No where near as smooth with gameplay and style. Controls are similar but not very nice. Just feels like an alpha game with lots of hype. Honestly im going back to supreme commander.. What a let down.. A classic ""ran out of money"" manover with early access. Problem is, if you release a game too early but charge them for it, you will♥♥♥♥♥♥people off with bugs and terrible performance. Thus your reviews will flood your potential market and your game will fail. This game has potential but honestly its not worth the money. Before you think of buying this game answer this question. Do you like half frozen pizza? Exactly.."
76561198000606395,Not Recommended,233250,7828699,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,GrenadierAl,"I paid too much. A.I. is OP as ♥♥♥♥, still get bouts of persistent lag, not to mention the usual string of bugs that every early release is prone to. It would be fun if A.I. had adjustable difficulty rather than playing against God and if they lowered the price by a lot or at least have a demo available."
,Recommended,233250,10488671,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Susie Seven Blinks,You get to launch moons into planetsWhy the ♥♥♥♥ would that not be fun
,Not Recommended,233250,13194765,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Phil,"Would probably be ok, can't tell because it crashes every time a game launches."
76561197984325074,Not Recommended,233250,13192892,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,shteff,"Great concept, poor execution. Zero storyline, very mechanical. Reminds me of the game ""Matrix"" which came out shortly after the movies became insanely popular.Cmon devs... couldn't you have wrapped the curved ball gimmic with e.g. Supreme Commander story & strategy elements?Glad I didn't buy this game when it first came out ($60), but instead waited for <$10. Now I regret even that."
,Recommended,233250,14821965,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,⚡⚡ Weeb Trash ⚡⚡,IGN 11/10  It was O.K.
,Recommended,233250,16572493,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Strike Potat0,"Basicly a game of trying to outproduce your opponents but with interesting dynamics eg: you can't protect all of your territory all of the timeYou need to balance economy, production, construction, attack, defense and expansion, which can lead to information overload as there is too many things to do at once. This is not a mindless game for filthy casuals - IT WILL CHALLENGE YOUI absolutely reccomend it to RTS players who are looking for something new or a challenge+ Huge battles with a unique take on the maps (being a spherical battlefield rather than flat and rectangular)+ Looks pretty+ Cool things like shared armies and economy with you allies (can be toggled)+ Battles over several planets (come on thats really ******* cool)+ Crashing planets into other planets+ Blowing up planets+ Large variety of units and types (Land, air, orbital, naval, bot) each with tiers of units)- Steep learning curve with little in the way of tutorials, but youtube is a easy fix to that- Long games can get slow in late game, depending on your rig and size of the planet, no. of opponents and planets- Information overloadtl;drLike starcraft but harder and on different planets"
76561198007093835,Recommended,233250,13619087,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,TBSM,"A great Strategy game, give the genre a breath of fresh air! The wars are huge, the explotions are huge... and you can build a Deathstar? BUY"
,Not Recommended,233250,12110921,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Tisec16,"Its not properly made and its officialy released. Every game i play i get disconected, even when playing on my own. I WHANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!!"
76561198005068076,Not Recommended,233250,28652054,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Master,"This game's Community was small to begin with, and before the game was officially out of beta they came out with another Stand Alone game Planetary Annihilation Titans. Just to make this perfectly clear Planetary Annihilation Titans is the exact same game but with more to it, and if you have Planetary Annihilation you Cannot play Planetary Annihilation Titans you have to buy it separately. By making these two separate games they also divided the community even further. By coming out with this game they also cheated and scanned their Kickstarter backers and everyone that that back them before the game officially came out."
76561197961320083,Not Recommended,233250,13191514,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,meat,"Please let me know when the game is released, the game is buggy and unfinished."
,Not Recommended,233250,12355756,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Xbgt1,I like the idea of this game but I find it very unenjoyable. My friend and I bought it because we like Total Annihilation and have been very disappointed.
76561197970978971,Not Recommended,233250,12240764,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,grey251,"I've been a big fan of Total Annihilation, Supreme Commander, but this one is a bit short. I don't have a problem with the art style, or the core of the game itself, but the tech tree is a serious flaw in this game. The single player campain relies on luck rather than strategy to advance your tech tree, as each planet gives a random tech when conqured. Given the limited tech slots you have at the beginning, it's easy to be stuck passing on tech you can use, simply due to being out of space, only later to finally find the elusive tech expansions long after they're useful. If they manage to take the luck factor out somehow, and provide a reall benefit to successful tactics, I might recommend it. Until then, I have to say no. You're better off picking Supreme Commander and Supreme Commander Forged Alliance for your RTS itch."
,Recommended,233250,27248351,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,☣kirigiri kyouko☣,Quite an interesting game.
,Not Recommended,233250,11669331,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Skyrizzle,"Years in the making, stupid amounts of money spent, still no god damn vision in sight. What a rip off."
,Not Recommended,233250,12001265,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,][-][2K Renzo,"After playing This, total annihilation and supreme commander i would not recomend this, go find TA its far better, this game crashes constantly sinse its official ""release"" theres horrible lag with online games, and AI that dont know its♥♥♥♥♥from its blaster in single player, battle grounds are far to small, your base is for 1 thing, production of units, theres no setting up grand defence stations while u expand for more resorces.If you like games where its all about turning out 100s of troops to swarm your enemy and no stratergy ull love this."
,Recommended,233250,13314416,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,8th Wonder,"Literally, the♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is above my favourites when it comes to strategy build your base kinda games. Sure there is a few bugs here and there and a very high demand for computer hardware but all up, I love it!"
76561198141813356,Recommended,233250,13508282,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Meyhem,"So I was a little bit worried about all rewiews that are not recommending this game, but anyway I managed to buy this game on sale, and I am happily surprised. A lot of people say that this game has a lot of issues, but I dont find them that big. Here is a little list of pros and cons about game:Pros:1. Really massive, tons of units and structures to build2. Grahics are very nice, cartoony3. ANNAAHAAALAATEEEE !!!!!4. Ground, Air and Orbital Units.5. AI is suprisingly intelligent, does something even on lowest difficulty6. DA NUKEZZZZ.7. Good resource gathering system.Cons:1. HW Requirements, I have pretty average notebook, I5 Dual Core, AMD Radeon 7500 HD, 6GB RAM, but I was able to run game without problems, FPS dropped when there was a lot of units, but still playable.2. Price, I got in on sale, I wouldn't buy it for full price, thats kinda overhit.3. Basically no Storyline, you are stuck with Multiplayer and Skirmish, there is also Galactic War mode, but you will see it's almost the same as skirmish.4. Devs should look more on the engine optimalization.Conclusion:Well, thats simple, If you are fan of really fast and hardcore RTS this is clean choice. Try to get it on sale, it is not worth of full price. 7/10 for me because of price and requirements.Some performance tips:If you are having FPS issues try to download Razer Cortex, which will turn off unnecessary services and therefore reserving more processor time for game. In task manager, assign maximum priority to the Game Process. You might also try to run CCleaner to collect garbage, but it won't help much tough. If you are AMD GPU user like me, definitely set up maximum performance in Catalyst Control Center in exchange for quallity (it wont affect display quality at all, but it will heavily increase your FPS). Finally, configure your AMD Switchable Graphics for the game it might help a bit."
,Recommended,233250,7777186,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,lil Joshu,"Okay, game is no longer in Beta, time to update my review....This is my second favorite RTS of all time. My first favorite won't be created for another 8 years yet (I did say ALL time, not just time up until now!)Massive robots, micromanagment (although possible if you want to) is replaced by macromanagement... quickly and effortlessly being able to manage battlefield sprawling armies....Wait, got to correct myself...... solar-system spanning armies. Effortlessly able to manage solar-system spanning armies. Stuff runs without you having to nitpick every little detail, but you instead focus on your (very) grand strategy. Able to fly from planet to planet, in single player campaign, you can try to conquor a galaxy. Tech trees are replaced by building prerequisites (can't build a space transport without a space dock, can't build a space dock without a dedicated builder, can't build a dedicated builder without a factory for it).This leads to a ""what you see is what you fight"" mentality. You know what your enemies are capable of when you finally can see them, instead of hidden variables and upgrades.Battles can range from small, to massive depending on your map. This has seriously everything I've ever wanted in an RTS (except for one feature, which no RTS has had... hence why I'm still waiting for it)."
76561198075711347,Recommended,233250,10919067,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,iProfiter,"I generally don't like strategy games but Planetary Annihlation, it's just amazing and kickass. This is defintally a game that I would recommend to anyone, even at full price."
76561198006357409,Not Recommended,233250,10946212,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sauris,"This game still needs some work. The feature set is good, but the game lost track of my mouse when I was playing my second map in their Galactic War single player and the only thing I could do was alt-F4 to get out of the game, and I haven't played it since.I was hoping for the Galactic War to be a little more interesting too. It looks like a series of AI skirmishes. I sort of had the idea that it was more of an open world continuous system where you moved from planet to planet or system to system in game with the tools they give you instead of having an abstracted campaign map. Not counting this against it, just giving some description in case anyone else has the same confusion.This is an awesome game, and an awesome idea, but I just don't feel like it's quite ready for primetime yet. With a bit more bug squashing and usability enhancements I think it would be very playable, but as it is I can't really recommend it yet."
76561198043759410,Not Recommended,233250,10247443,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Hivefleetchicken,"Poor engine that destroys the game. They need to up the system requirements A LOT, since my PC is past the minimum and I can navigate the menus and such, but the second I try to render any planets, or join a game, it crashes.I'm left completely unable to play this game, and If they aren't planning on making it possible for me to actually play this game, then I want a refund."
76561198003171562,Not Recommended,233250,10231950,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Drax40K,"So, downloaded the game that has been in beta for over a year and is now in 'gamma' whatever that is supposed to mean. The full version was supposed to be released in December of 2013, but we're half way into 2014 and it still isn't finished. I have been following the game for some time with great interest and saw that it was finally being sold for a reasonable $40 which was the promised release price. I installed the game and lo and behold the graphics don't work on my system. I saw nothing indicating an issue with my video card and when I look up this issue on the forums and see that it is a known issue and they offer NO SOLUTION. I opened a support ticket and I'm waiting to see what they can do if anything, but if they can't it appears I'm out my $40 as there are no refunds. I feel mislead and I'm very irritated a game I bought in good faith doesn't even work."
76561198060160609,Recommended,233250,9686964,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,ArcticSalad,"NOTES BEFORE READING: Steam says i have only played 5.3 hours, HOWEVER, that is because i cannot play the steam version (I actually have 70+ hours) and am playing the non-steam version. I Also, i am writing this while the game is in early access, so i will update this review later.This game (even in gamma) is quite awesome, i am loving it, I certainly do reccommend it. Unfortunately, the game has a large number of larger, easily visible bugs for a gamma stage (after beta). However this action-packed and stratic game will always give more fun! If you love strategy, action-packed, fun all out war games, This game is for you!PROS:-Awesome action-filled and strategic gameplay-Usual updates quite often-Battle AIs or actual players, or play with your friends!-Awesome orchestral music!-Advanced but simple and useful controls and commands-Replays, I wonder how i got nukes 7 times in a row 15 minutes in...-Never runs out of fun-Tons of units and defences to use for any strategy-Features lots of explosions, planet smashing, and nukesIt is in Gamma so more is to come! (And i only named a few off the top of my head)CONS:-Major steam issue with some users, the game only runs at 1 FPS in game, otherwords, it cannot be played. As far as i'm aware this can only be fixed by playing the non-steam version and running it through its own launcher-A large number of huge, sometimes game-breaking bugs. It is in gamma, you would expect it to not be so bad-Average PCs and below can have a hard time running this game, even at lowest settings-ALOT of performance issues-Overpriced at $50 (However it is fairly worth it)Overall i still reccomend this game, however, only get it if you have a good PC, can handle bugs, and knows what it means to play an under developement game."
76561198047136019,Not Recommended,233250,13192669,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Jebediah,"Clunky interface, lack of progession, terribly optimized"
76561197971825130,Not Recommended,233250,13188991,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Haapy,"Was seriously unimpressed with this game. The UI is very poorly done, which hurts because the gameplay is very fast-paced. The info on units and structures is very unclear: I should never have to wonder 'can this unit aim up at air?'. The entire process of building a base and producing units seems needlessly manual and prone to accidentally cancelling your entire order queue. You can't add additional builders to a planned construction unless it's already started being constructed, so you'd better have selected the right number of builders to start and not had your situation change before the queue completes (that's sarcasm, the game moves fast). I love the idea, but I was expecting more from this. So disappointing."
,Not Recommended,233250,12001994,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Guttie,I bought the game at $100 in beta now on release its $30.for the deluxe pack its $50.Why the hell wouldn't i automatically get the deluxe pack???because of this one purchase i'll never purchase another beta!
,Recommended,233250,10248212,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Enso,"This is the best modern RTS game ever, play it now."
76561197975557633,Not Recommended,233250,12287964,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Icarus,This game had so much lag my tanks gained the ability to teleport.10/10 would not recommend
76561198011101123,Not Recommended,233250,13191510,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Arc67,It is essentially a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of Supreme Commander with interplanetary travel... so like Supreme Commander 2 with interplanetary travel.
76561197971196765,Not Recommended,233250,13191050,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Fr33,"So many bugs I cant even play it.. There is a bug for a select few if us that prevents the start screen from appearing.. MSI G72 Laptop brand new, and this is the only game that has issues.. I feel like a fool paying $50 for this when it was first launched, now I see it for $6!! What a shame. Was really hoping this was a new version of supreme commander.. This is more like supreme belly flop.. Sorry, but I give it a thumbs down.."
76561198030821975,Not Recommended,233250,13192884,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Fluffiator,"I wanted to play this ever so much, I adored Total Annihilation, loved Supreme Commander, even liked the sequel well enough, but it is so prone to crashing I haven't even played a game yet"
,Not Recommended,233250,8204616,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Conz,It is just too expensive for how little fun it gives off.
,Recommended,233250,10216607,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,atnot,Awesome but expensive ;_;
,Recommended,233250,8462500,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Stands,The true Supreme Commander 2.
76561198090079242,Recommended,233250,10921265,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mr.Dusty,"This is a lovely game. As it comes not finished, it's still in development yet, but its good to play. Some little bugs, but great gameplay sessions. With the galactic war update you can conquer the galaxy.Build up the base, protect by towers, walls, build units expand and fight. This game isn't limited by its environment. You can build up strong forces an than start the ""total annihilation"" :-)The best is the Multiplayer. I love it!  8.5/10"
,Recommended,233250,10922081,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Knight Hasen,I accidentally launched a moon at my commander.10/10
76561198135457984,Recommended,233250,11981811,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,MrSkelatwig,"Robots, Deathstar like Lasers, Nukes, It's like a game of planetary marbles!The game will be released in an hour so I will give new players a brief heads up.Brilliant RTS with some great features, great comunity, simple economy, and great re-playability (in my opinion).Some things are missing though that should be added soon such as offline play and multiplayer Galactic War.Smooth controlls and well optimised with some clever features such as screens within screens so you can watch two sections of the map at one. I think that the orbital stage could do with a bit of camera work because I find it hard zooming to the correct layer to manage orbital activity but that is a small gripe. Overall one of the best rts games I have ever played. (SoASE - R Being the best) and well worth the money!Glad I could help!"
76561198008096910,Recommended,233250,8513921,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,[RA]Non-Skid,"Two things before I begin:1.) There are tons of disclaimers and warnings telling everyone that this game is in alpha/beta and is not finished. Quit whining, it's not their fault you're not observant enough.2.) The price is fair, because it's what the backers paid on Kickstarter, except they didn't get the game when they backed it. Just wait if you want it cheaper.Now that's out of the way, Planetary Annihilation is really a blast to play if you like RTS games. Especially Superme Commander. They're very similar, yes, but that's to be expected when they share devs and designers. While they're similar, PA has an extreme scale and sandbox feel with the solar system creator that's not achieved by anything except the likes of Spore. While there are issues with performance and balance, changes are coming! Without those issues, you have a fun game to play with friends (a lot of friends... up to 40 players) and share a team."
76561197999787962,Recommended,233250,10535842,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Mr. Builder Ξ|GER|Ξ,"This game is great!! You don't play on rectangular maps. Your armys rolls over planets - so you can attack from any side: directly from the front, behind or even from the orbit. The managment of your units is simple and well-suited for such huge battles.The best thing is: if it is too hot for you on the starting planet, just travel to the next one, build your base there and while they are still searching for your commander you can overrun his one with your secretly build army through a teleporter. If this no option - throw a planet on them and annihilate his hole army within seconds! ;)"
76561197996163594,Not Recommended,233250,12103409,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Sajuke,"Considering the grand promises that were made, and the rather mad price this title started at in the early stages. PA is nothing more than another bland RTS, this time with a generic Sci-fi setting and absolutley nothing as generous as a plot.The UI is a nightmare, and not at all suited for managing the masses of rather boring units the game requires you to control. The aim of the game seems to be a race to see who can zerg rush who first.Really nothing special, the resources  management feels like a cheaper version of the one used in the earlier ""Warhammer: Dawn of War"" games, and the gameplay itself feels like a shiney version of old school ""Command and Conquer""."
,Not Recommended,233250,11992746,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Tmquinn,"BROKEN! DON'T INSTALL.... It's impossible to create a user password with a capital letter, then if you try, the game won't let you create a login anymore at all. Then I had to sit looking at the stupid f*cking login screen for 5 minutes so I could even write this review. Can't imagine the actual game could be any good if you can't even get past the intro screen... also the FTE appears to just be You Tube videos... money well spent.. stupid Kickstarted games... Why do I even HAVE to log in to play Single Player? Ugly reminder of Maxis ""always on"" bullsh*t..."
,Recommended,233250,10847601,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,NeeXuSIV,"This game is fast paced, exciting and hilarious. Who doesn’t like dropping planets onto people! A must buy, definitely worth every penny!"
,Recommended,233250,8768959,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Dr. Happydeath,"EDIT AFTER 80 HOURS: OP Flaks patched, OP T2 BOMBERs patched, AI_Difficulty changeable, still Planetclipping and an even more amazing Multiplayer! The game got much better since the gamma(first gamma build was terrible), you get matches full of players after max. 5mins(like 30mins in the beta) and you see new players everytime! It also has now like 2000players on good times and 500 at nights, BUT it were 200 at good times in the Beta. Buy the game dudes. BUY IT. And if you don't know if you should buy it now, buy it on the next sale, where it will cost only 25€!9/10 would buy again, even for the 41€ it costs atm!OLD(Beta)[Clip planets in each other, get moons in your planet, play a cold war, NUKE DEM ALL, get extreme laggs, play with your friends and make awesome draws.Negative: System maker is buggy(moon circles around the earth and don't  come back), if you got yourself barricaded on a planet, nobody will come through it and it will just get to a cold war with no escalation....Patchable: OP FLAKS, OP T2 BOMBER, OP AI8/10 would buy again(but not für 55€...)]NO TROLLS INGAME(I didn't saw one of them already :D)"
,Not Recommended,233250,13188038,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Hicksimus,I liked Supreme Commander so I figured I might like this.  Unfortunately it's more like Supreme Commander meets Call of Duty.  If you ever played an RTS and your complaint was that the maps are too large and that you don't like waiting 5 minutes for the first unit to die then this is for you.
,Not Recommended,233250,13188502,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Ruin,"If I could get my money back for one game, this would probably be it."
,Not Recommended,233250,13193004,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Zensras,"I tried to like this game as a fan of Supreme Commander and Total Annihilation, but the fact I bought this when it was still expensive. I honestly regret buying this. I don't say this lightly as I thought Uber wouldn't be like Hi-Rez or Double Fine and skip out on development. Boy was I wrong!Planetary Annihilation, while in a state of full release, still feels like an early access game.  For example, It took them MONTHS to put in a simple offline mode! It's still missing ALOT of things. It feels like they had a good concept and simply gave up on it.  There are massive balancing issues even with the AI. I played this during Galactic Conquest update and uninstalled it after nearly 3 hours of disconnects from AI skirmishes and just flat out bored.  What are the promises right now? ""Oh yeah, We're still here. We're still working on it. We're not planning a failure of a kickstarter for a new RTS no no!""That latter part came true by the way.So this game sits in my library. One more wasted purchase next to Postal 3 and Miner Wars. Yep."
76561198025177638,Not Recommended,233250,12111865,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Nostalgia00,"This game is not in a finished state and should not have been released. Content is minimal compared to Supreme Commander and despite low quality visuals and effects, performance is poor."
76561198054195135,Not Recommended,233250,12065317,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Mayor Klepon,"Needs a constant internet connection , which means online drm, which they ""SHOULD HAVE WRITTEN USING LARGE UPPERCASE LETTER"" on their Kickstarter page. No story campaign, no lore, no encylopedia. Only galactic conquest gameplay exist, which actually means random map battles. Ai attacks you with swarming strategy. They hardly use the planet collision gameplay.Dissapointing."
76561198097815553,Recommended,233250,23967344,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,albyderey,"Awesome game. cool stuff. good concept. Would definately recommend it.One twist,NeedGood-ishPC.I, personally have a toshiba tecra R950, windows 7 SP1 and 3rd (yes, 3rd) gen intel i3.World savior in 2013, now sucks dong.Tip: if you have a dong- sucking computer. go to the graphics area of settings and turn everything off. or low.then, try not to anihilazer or crash planets (very hard).Have fun, Good luckIf lag continues, get a new computer or smash it with hammer.10/10 fun"
,Not Recommended,233250,13194121,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Edge van Sledge,"having played supreme commander before i was actually very excited about this game, but sadly the devs didn't deliver.while the game will deliver you a short time of fun, it's nowhere near SC. it starts wonky controls and ends with game breaking bugs (i.e. not able to land on planets randomly).the potential is there, but instead of finishing the game it feels rushed into release.i thought kickstarter games were different, but sadly this is proof they're just as rushed as games that got greedy publisher behind them.i can recommend this game for some decent strategy matches against friends, the AI however plainly cheats.other than that, this game offeres hardly any additional value compared to sup. com.have a glace at SC before you buy this game."
,Recommended,233250,13255444,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Fig Baggit,thats no moon
,Not Recommended,233250,12524357,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,RvB Caboose,"Let me start off by saying this game has a lot of potential. But thats where it ends. Bugginess, random crashes, and my favorite, lost connection to host so all your progress for the last hour was for nothing... Seriously. No saving, so either you finish the battle, or start over. And when the game crashes or loses connection, thats exactly what you'll do. The turrets are useless, a force of 10 will overrun all turrets you have. The game IS fun to an extent, but wow this is an unfinished product. 5/10"
76561198026940760,Not Recommended,233250,12311939,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,SEEK,"it's ok but needs help from devteam. there are systemic design problems among them:late game unassaultability of planets due to no real assault units, or one way teleportersthis means that any game with moderately skilled players turns into a stalemate where no one can kill each other besides with stand off weapons like the metal planet megalaser or a reorbited rock; still, if you don't have those two things you're boned. they will always have more units on planet than you will, and there is no way to effectively create a beachhead that won't be immediately slaughteredno experimentals (regardless of what uber says, these are necessary; in particular: unit cannon, space fortress, one way superteleporter. this would improve the game immensely.)orbital: kind of a cool idea, but effectively it's just airplanes with a slightly different look shooting at each other; when they said on the pitch that there would be orbital units i expected space warships, solar megalasers, etc etc. what we got were ""boring space to ground weapon"" ""transport"" and ""dinky little space fighter"" for civilizations at the end of the tech tree, what's capable of being built in orbit is PATHETIC. you can also not freemove in space, making it pretty bad for anything but ""i'm going to put these units in orbit so i can't be assaulted teehee"" actually making the lategame WORSE.radar is bad; it's incredibly simplified from FA. there are no stealth units ? i mean, why? stealth units were cool as hell and had a very nice niche.no offline mode (actually a straight lie)no saving (why is it that saving is so ♥♥♥♥ing hard? modern programmers forget how to do it or something? surely it can't be damascus steel-tier difficult?)units are still pretty boring toohonestly the first one is the biggest, and clearly a design flaw. no amount of tactics can win you a fight because the defender has an unestimable advantage because of local superior EVERY TIME. units are so easy to create that any buffoon can have enough radars and bombers to instantly end any planetary assault. you won't ever manage to create a gateway and bridge in enough units to win the fight, so why even bother fighting?the game's OK, but honestly it still feels like alpha. not all of the features they even said were going to be in are in for ♥♥♥♥'s sake. several design problems STILL REMAIN, as pointed out by pretty much anyone with a clue for PA's entire development process, and yet it's ""released"" now. humbug."
76561197984327360,Not Recommended,233250,12190470,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Elfich47,"RTS game.Poor to non-existant tutorial. Game mechanics are not explained well. Cannot find hotkey instructions / hot keys for groups.The resource collection system is not explained at all. There is no discussion on population caps, resource gathering and collection.The game devolves into a rush for resource nodes in the beginning and then being able to out produce the other player.The AI is unforgiving in the first mission I played. While still trying to understand the mechanics of the game I am also having to deal with complete army production, resource management, pacing, etc. Not a fun experience when the AI obviously understands how everything works and I am floundering around."
,Not Recommended,233250,11995033,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,bwc153,"I wait till games are released generally before reviewing them and was quite surprised when Planetary Annihilation came into official launch out of nowhere.   No big patches, no major announcements of any features being added.    Nothing.  This is literally the same game that was in beta just yesterday, with no change.As it stands, there is 1 faction.  Yes, One.    Supreme Commander: FA (A comparable RTS game) had 4 factions, each of them unique in art style and in unit stats.    There was a much larger variety of units and buildings available in SupCom as well, barring of course the space units that were added in PA.    The UI is a terrible attempt at making a slick and non-intrusive UI, and instead serves to provide minimal to no information as to what each button actually does in it.    The Gameplay itself is nothing spectacular, being not too dissimillar to SupCom in nature, though seemingly simplified, with many features that existed in SupCom, including the Adjacency bonuses for placing economic buildings near other structures, being removed.With a higher cost than SupCom:FA, graphics that aren't objectively superior (I personally prefer SupCom's graphic style more than PA's), an ingame DLC store for cosmetics, and similar gameplay - what purpose is there to someone buying this over SupCom:FA?"
76561198008218778,Not Recommended,233250,12214890,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Lysserd,"I didn't personally enjoy the game:tl;drThis is a fast-paced mass unit RTS title that is still in Beta despite claims otherwise. It has an intrusive DRM, demands high user input, and is lacking a strong single player or tactical options. Do not buy this in its current state, but do follow it as it has the potential to be something great.The single player is lacking in depth or replayability. Play it once and you've seen all it has to offer.The unit design is lacking, as most are interchangeable. Ground and air units largely don't offer strong advantages or disadvantages. Navy units are practically useless. And your options for space units are very limited, as is their ability to move between planets.Tactics are lacking, the seemingly only military tactic is zerg. Any tactical thought is put into economy and construction, but that just seems to be more of a test of your ability to input commands.User input demand is high, this is easily more demanding than Starcraft in that regard. If you enjoy a medium or slow paced game, then run for the hills.This game is still very much in Beta, despite claiming to have left it. Things are un-optimised, art isn't where the devs said it would be. There's also clearly more work that could be put into other areas.The network monitoring they ran during Beta, and claimed would be removed at launch, still lives. It acts as a restrictive DRM on par with Sim City's recent debacle.Combat grows stale very quickly: maps are all similar, most units are interchangeable, most tactics are just directing a zerg."
76561198016560454,Not Recommended,233250,12034385,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,reckoner,"I can't recommend this game at all, when I first saw this game I thought that this would be a much better version of SupCom and sadly I was mistaken. I quickly found there to be a severe lack of variaty in units, the single player experience is just skirmish or a galactic domination which is esentually a series of skirmishes with more restrictions on what you can delpoy. Units feel slow to move and the controls make viewing the field difficult.Another frustration is that the price of the game actually dropped since early access leaving the supporters of the game feeling cheated. Early access also promised unique commander skins that have sadly not been provided but instead dlc has been added first day for said skins, more skins are available in game to be purchased...This game is just not at a stage to be beta worthy, let alone for offical launch."
76561197989846774,Not Recommended,233250,11959559,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Rez,"The concepts behind this game are solid and well-tested.Technically, this game is not finished and suffers from major UI and engine lag.  Couldn't recommend it until it plays fine on install and, right now, it doesn't.Also, amusing to see the second trailer running, showing things that won't be in-game at release."
,Not Recommended,233250,13189792,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,No Reason,"Broken promises and broken dreams.  Example of how Early Access can go wrong.  The game isn't horrible, but it is a shadow of what it could have been."
,Recommended,233250,8501247,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ShadowDracos,"To be perfectly honest, I didn't have high hopes for this game in the beginning. I saw when it was around $80 in alpha-stage, and I told myself, ""No way. There's no way I'd spend 80 bucks on a steam game, RTS or not.""I finally talked myself into getting it when I saw that it was $40 during thechristmaswinter sale. I take back any doubts I had about this fantastic RTS. This is the largest-scale RTS I've ever seen in my entire life. Anyone that's a starcraft fan and LOVES macro builds, this is for you. It's got alarge selectionof units and structures, all with pros and cons. You start out with an entire planet to explore and dominate. When you get tired of that? Build better technology and move to another planet. It's crazy howbigthe scale of the playable maps actually are.I spent about 2 hours just playing AI to get a feel for the game and it's the most fun I've had with an RTS to date.$60 or not, it's worth the purchase. If I had known it was this good during alpha, I still would've bought it.P.S. It's also a good way to test out your gaming rig when you set it to all maximum settings."
76561198021974903,Recommended,233250,16299936,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Alpha2546,"Game has been patched up really good last patch. There are still some things that could be better (2 planets with the same size that collide has no explosion animation) but its not gamebreaking or anything.Its definately worth the 28 euro's in my opinion. I paid 45 for it and I've never regretted it. Game is hard to learn (though if you compare it to starcraft then its really easy) but there are enough ways to learn it properly. You can train against AI with galactic war which is pretty good. AI can be really tough from time to time. Multiplayer can be fun but frustrating too. Its all about your team mates. You can learn the game by checking replays with chronocam and see what your opponent did good and you did wrong. You can even replay the same match if it was played against an AI! Neat stuffThe standard maps can get boring after awhile though. Thankfully you can get custom maps by download mappacks with the planetary annihilation mod manager which makes it even more fun. unfortunately something like that isn't yet in the game (a mod marketplace or something where you can share your maps). Or you can make your own which is pretty easy too. Your choice.This truly is a next gen RTS. Maybe not yet gameplay wise but the scaling performance and speed is impressive. Especially when you know it supports linux and OSX too! There isn't a better feeling then rampaging through someones base with a massive army, believe me I've done it many times. Same goes for smashing or lazering your opponent or nuking the whole planet clean.I don't recommend buying this game if you have less then 6 gigs of ram or a crappy internet connection (less then 10mbit download) because it needs both. don't get me wrong, singleplayer is fun but the multiplayer is where the game shines very strong. Add people you like to play with to your friendslist and get some teamgames going! You'll easily get notorious with a team.Also if you don't know how to update your graphics drivers or don't want to figure out how then don't buy it either. This game needs the latest and greatest GPU drivers to give you the gaming experience you expect. (it crashes if you get out of ram or don't have the latest gpu drivers installed)Never liked supcom. Was wayy too slow for me. PA is more TA like gameplay wise. I like it. The game has so much fun things to offer.If you like RTS then you should add this one to the collection. Developers are pretty active with developing too. Balance changes are still happening."
,Recommended,233250,9595642,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Candide,"Welcome Home aafter the End of humanity due to an AI take over Exept for you, you Control a Robot that comands an army that can create everything untill you blow up the solar system. Have Fun!"
76561198083780061,Recommended,233250,10794423,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,hydromiracles,Beast game. dont look forward to winning a bot match tho.
,Recommended,233250,10765791,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,"DEUS VULT, HEATHEN SCUM",10/10 I can crash a planet into the enemy player.
,Recommended,233250,10988574,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,♥ Onii-chan ♥,Good Game
,Recommended,233250,1885976,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,RaySajuuk,nice game but still in Alpha
76561198086876665,Recommended,233250,9412117,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Sanguria,Robots v. Robots where you can take over planets and smash them together. RTS has a great new addition to the team.
,Recommended,233250,9322662,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Ashtray Dance Floor,you crash moons into planets
76561198008041794,Recommended,233250,9331264,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Proskillz,"brilliant stratagy game, recommend to all rts lovers"
76561197999811700,Not Recommended,233250,17754926,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,zeta,The developers overpromised and underdelivered by a large extent.It's too late for me to refund this purchase because I waited in good faith for this game to meet the promises and expectations fueled by official announcements. So if you're reading this and haven't bought the game yet: Stay away and take a look at the stand-alone expansion instead that was created in place of finishing this game.
,Not Recommended,233250,17743826,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,TGK Scorbok,"I had so much hope for this game. I spent countless hours on Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander 2, which were both sudo prequels. I purchased Planetary Annihilation while it was in beta to support the company even though it wasn't a finished game. The game was good for a beta and I was satisfied with the development so I put this guy on the back-burner and waited for the full release... which finally came in the form of a DLC package.I have nothing against DLC for a good game, but Planetary Annihilation wasn't even finished before they asked for more money."
,Recommended,233250,12065596,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Macpon7,8/10 could work on the interface and add off-internet LAN mode. Other than that smashing moons and firing Death Star esque lasers is immensely fun!
,Recommended,233250,14075392,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Desecrated Corpse,You can build orbital cannons to bombard your enemy till he explodes!  Also landing a moon on top of your enemy commander is a good time!
76561198040529517,Recommended,233250,11879432,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Yamhams,The bots will♥♥♥♥♥♥you in the♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,233250,10306113,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Squid_Face,"the idea of this game is to throw as many robots as you can against a guy who is trying to do the same to you...except there 8 guys doing that...all on one planet. That is of course until you little mechanical musketeers get on your rocket and go to some other place of metal and rock and sometimes solid water. Until one day some little f*cknut emailed the devs ""this is boooringgg"" so the devs said ""meh lets make it so you can throw the planets at eachother"". This was in every way the correct response as nothing in this sweet world is quite as satifying as lobbing planets about while your opponent screams like a little girl as he sees a planet flying...at his planet. Overall this game, based on real events 20 ish years ago when Michael Bay was going through puberty, is pretty damn huge...and explosivy and technical and stuff and things...#2014 gg wp"
76561198078779782,Recommended,233250,9304706,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Lancelot,"RTS fans rejoice, this is THE new game to play as it is one of the most well crafted and overall best game I ever played. The art is beatiful, the lighting engine is spot on, the models have a nice chunky robo feel and have very nice and smooth animations, you can zoom out and enjoy as your little markers march forth to destroy the enemy or you can zoom onto one unti and follow its adventures.The detail and care going into the art and the animation are great, even the planets look great, with different biomes and randomly generated forests, crevaces and others. Even if this can result in some misplacement of textures it doesn't stop the game and it doesn't look bad, just a minor detail, talking about the planets there is a great little tool that helps you generate very customizable planets, you can't change the individual trees but you can still choose the biome, size, orbit and more. Creating and then playing on your system feels great, this allows for extra wacky ideas, fun or interesting maps.the menus, the little tabs on your screen when you play all display inportant information that can be ignored if you really want to get into the action happening on screen. The sound is of good quality even though sometimes it doesn't match up the animation it is hardly noticeable and it can still be fixed . The galactic war is great for co-op or single player campaing and has some great inovative ideas and twists on the multiplayer which even if it can take some time nearly always functions perfectly.Gameplay is the standard RTS commands and it works well, the feel of changing seemlesly from planet to planet or from one side of the globe to the other is fun and really makes you feel in control. The different units and buildings are all well made and well balanced, the different styles of play are plentiful and the strategies endless. You can spam out hundreds upon hundreds of tanks and lead a great charge right into the enemy base or you can carefully flank the enemy while launching a nuke at his commander or just smash a planet into him. Planet smashing is challenging enough to pull off and doesn't always guarantee a win but is very satisfying and looks extremely badass. And don't get me started on the Catalysts, those are beast!In conclusion; this is a game summoned forth  by wizards who managed to make (in my opinion) the best game ever. Although the price is quite steep,  the developers deserve every penny that I gave them."
76561198006529001,Recommended,233250,10982697,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,123,"This game has so much going for it and looks like its only going to get better. If you enjoy RTS games at all do yourself a favor and check this out. It is still early access so obvisouly there are still things that need to be worked on, but overall I have enjoyed the game. Like I said I can't stop playing and don't think I will be able to any time soon."
,Recommended,233250,9591567,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Earl Russel Browder,"A very intresting strategy game that's set apart from its bretheren by the unique environment of combat. This game allows for the classic RTS mass-unit armies to storm across planets, but it also adds the dimension of other planets, making for a unique gameplay experience. Build Satilite laser platforms and rain death from above, fabricate nukes and fire them into your foes base, or crash a moon into your own planet.I absolutely recommend this to anyone who enjoys RTS-es, even if it is pricy."
,Recommended,233250,11801566,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,SonOfAMitch,This game is amazing. Robotic ethnic cleansing for the win!
76561198061307134,Recommended,233250,11970994,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Ossus,"Just simple, buy it and youll never regret. This game is just amazing in all aspects"
,Recommended,233250,12373634,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,8^),"Very fun strategy RTS, would recomend to people who like games along the line of Starcraft, I would rate it 9/10"
76561198030602659,Recommended,233250,10796059,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Chewbaccaaa,i blew up a planet with a moon.
76561198067182090,Recommended,233250,9324885,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,snazberry,This game looks sweet and supreme cammander is the best game i own. i have 6gb ram amd a10 quad core andamd radeon hd 7660G and this game is SUPER SLOW and UNPLAYABLE. i want to play this so bad but i can't. i hopeit is updated so people who have a decent computer instead of a crazy modded alien wear computer can play.
,Recommended,233250,10803860,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Jon Reremy,"I absolutely recommend this game, even if you have little experience in the RTS world. Also, do not let the Early Access title scare you- the game has been in development for quite a while and is slotted for release in the coming months, so it runs quite well at the moment.It's an absolute blast to play. It's hard to get the hang of at first, but once you have a general idea how to play you will really be enjoying yourself. It got over twice its Kickstarter goal for a reason, and the extra cash Uber had really added on to the epic scale of PA.So, overall I strongly suggest this title. It is also a lot of fun to play with friends over a voice chat application, especially for team matches."
76561197978981761,Not Recommended,233250,15803688,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Kumbassa,Save your $5.99 its plain looking and dumb buy F/A instead.
,Recommended,233250,17699912,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,xX_OptikWeedHitlerSixtyNine_Xx,"Let's first start by saying that this is the best RTS that I've ever played. Now, I haven't played that many RTS's but the way that this game does it on a spherical map with many planets is just amazing. The battles are epic, and of epic proportion across a whole solar system, and the gameplay never gets old becuase you're always fighting different people in different scenarios on different planets in different solar systems. Also, the weapons of mass destruction as in the annihilaser, the halley engines, etc are super epic, so don't let your opponent get one! In all, this game is amazing and I haven't had any problems except for the occasional long loading times, and my friends being better than me! Happy Annihilating!"
,Not Recommended,233250,20894253,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,[OIDA] One True God,"play this with friends, alone it's boring"
76561197961672393,Recommended,233250,12005399,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Narwhals* Snap! and Pop!,"awesome, totally love it, conquer the galaxy!"
,Not Recommended,233250,17730112,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Mystical Mark,Don't buy this game go get titans instead since the devs decided to drop this one and instead copy paste with some extras into a whole new game rather than release a dlc pack money grubbin morons great way to♥♥♥♥♥♥off buyers and lose business but hey give everyone who already owns the original unfinished♥♥♥♥♥♥i mean stuff a discount on the new♥♥♥♥♥♥i mean stuff that couldve been a 5-10$ dlc♥♥♥♥ You/10
76561198009703679,Not Recommended,233250,17730962,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,SilentPartner,Good game.Bad company.
76561197988930413,Not Recommended,233250,17762328,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Keine,"I would not buy this, for me the bugs make the game unbearable.THey finally fixed a bug after 6 months so im still going to keep this review negativeTher other bug is still prevelant though, everything turns a lighter shade of green when drag building.Checked back again the bug still isnt fixed, as soon as you drag build metal extractors or defenses the whole game turns a lighter shade of green or red(because when bulding defenses there is a red indicator of its range) this makes the game look terrible when playing."
76561197971931305,Not Recommended,233250,17766679,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,mafu,"It was promised to match up to Supreme Commander, and priced as such.It does not match up. The game feels simply half-baked, like a prototype (one faction only, really?). The graphics are atrocious in my eyes, not at all (overly) colorful and visually pleasing like SupCom was."
76561197969419332,Recommended,233250,14085143,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,obnard02,"A bit disappointed with this game at first.  I loved supreme commander and I was hoping for an updated take on those games.  I love the resource management and the overall old school feel of this rts.  I was a bit sad at lack of unit variety between opposing teams but I realize now that it really makes the rock paper scissor aspect pop out, if someone is spamming one unit type you immediately know what units to produce to counter.  Neat.  The devs have been making updates, I'm happy to see an offline mode, and the galactic war mode is a nice boon for people who dont play online.  Playing against the Ai can be challenging, however the Ai pathfinding is terrible which takes some fun out of playing offline.  Units seem to get stuck on objects just trying to cross the map.  I thought the online was dead because I saw no games hosted, the problem was on my end with my vpn settings.  If you hate the single player Ai multiplayer is where its at.  I was under the impression that development on this game had stopped but I was wrong.  This game got off to a rocky start but with a few more updates could be amazing.  I would love to see some customization of your army/commander, like colors or emblems.  Also we NEED a save/load feature for games.  But that seems to be coming so, cool.  TLDR; If you loved Supreme Commander and Total Annihilation you'll probably love this.  And if the game keeps getting updated it will be great.  I guess at this point I would recommend it."
,Recommended,233250,10980971,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ides,"Played multiplayer for the first time, had my base going great, when suddenly the enemy is constructing orbital cannons above my base and shelling me destroying my entire base.10/10 GOTYthis game is hilariously good"
,Recommended,233250,7429629,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,camycamera,"if you liked Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander, GET THIS."
,Recommended,233250,10423391,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Hobo csgomassive.com,Amazing game
,Recommended,233250,9829288,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,wolfmoonshine,"I've thus far immensely enjoyed this game, and would reccommend it to anyone interested in the genre. My only gripe with it is that it runs terribly on Mac. But hey, that's what I get for gaming on a Mac."
76561198009279373,Recommended,233250,10759750,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Who Dunnet,lots of difficult fun
76561198035607571,Recommended,233250,11148029,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,itsmeha42,"A very unique and expansive RTS game with a variety of playstyles. You can try and win through planetary conquest, wiping out foes not just on your planet, but on other planets and moons in the system with vast amounts of air, vehicle, naval and bot units. Orbital units allow travel between planets and teleporters allow for some advanced tactics. If you occupy a moon that can be destabilized, simply place a couple Halleys (engines) on the moon and launch it at your foes, smashing them to smithereens in an incredibly satisfying manner. With infinite units and resource generation, the game never gets stale unlike other RTS's where you reach your pop cap and you are stuck relying purely on micro (might not appeal to everyone).Overall, this is a great early access game. Yes there are bugs and annoyances that you'll encounter, but the gameplay is amazing, and the concept of an RTS played across different planets in the same game allows for a lot of fun matches and plenty of variety between matches.8/10"
76561198026466157,Not Recommended,233250,9651025,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Slice it nice82,"where to start with this angry rant? well for one I got this gfame when it was $80 and throught it was awsome played it a bit longer then updates came and wentprice drops to $20 and all devs do is give us is one special commander worth $2. then the new update titans comes out. and devs want me too pay $13 for it? ♥♥♥♥ YOU I PAYED $80 ALREADY as much as they are nice devs they just can't help but want more money out of your pocket therefore I can't give people this game because theres just gonna be another rip off. this game had such great potential D=Prosgood game play for RTSwas entertainingcan blow up planetsendless army sizenice devsconstant updatessomewhat nice comunityConsHUGE RIP OFFlots of bugsmake you pay for some updateswant you too play $5 for new commandersmatches can take a VERY LONG timeyou need really good processors else you will expirence major lag when you have too many AI, units or when blowing up a planet and belive me when I say that cus I have a very powerful computtergameplay 6.5/10rip off factor 13/10do not buy this game if you want to have a wallet"
,Recommended,233250,10239398,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Sam,Wooooo!
,Recommended,233250,11205703,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Flats,game wont work on mac
76561198077499598,Recommended,233250,10358168,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Royal,"Amazing game. Even in early access it is a game I would recomend to any and everyone. There are robots, guns, bigger robots, and missiles!!!! 10/10 real strategy, awesome fights, and great maps."
76561198048105179,Recommended,233250,9512880,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Dr. Thrax,This game is Supreme Commander with space its really fun and you should try it out
76561198086788194,Recommended,233250,9979556,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,[POOM]BigDave,"after few troubles getting started (being a gamma i totally expect that) i entered the game... wow! the scale is amazing, had a couple of bot matches and loving it!if you love rts i think you will love this. i for one am extremely excited to see whats to come"
76561198016739532,Recommended,233250,11043405,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Chaser Zulu,"While Planetary Annihilation (PA) is still in the development stages, I can give this game a thumbs up.  IMHO, I believe this game will be worth anyone's time who's a fan of strategic gameplay a la Command and Conquer or Total War.  While the controls and the gameplay need more polishing, the premise and  graphics behind PA are worth a thorough look.The Good:  The spherical environment that is the planetary playground adds a refreshing spin (no pun intended) that keeps you on your toes.  That being said, I'm still getting used to fluidly viewing one point of the planet to another.  (I find myself zooming out, then rotating the planet, then zooming back in...perhaps I missed a more efficient way to perform this when reviewing the instructions).The Bad:  The game (for me) has a tendancy to lock up.  Even with this game still in development, that could hurt the positive attention this game deserves.  Units have a hard time simply going around or shooting around obstacles when their objective is just past said obstacle in front of them.  A review of other players comments also illustrates the journey ahead of the developers to make this game a stand-out.  Even with the blocky look, the units don't appear intuitive either.  I'm looking hard at my units (specifically buildings) to get an understanding of what they offer the commander.  I don't quite get the feel of ""wow...let me see how this building can annihilate the bad guys.""The Superficial:  I like the blocky look in this game, but the gameplay should flow faster (or at least have the option to select the speed of action).  The controls need a bit of work as I didn't find them intuitive.  I get that the units are also robots, but IMHO, these units should have some character so as to involve the player in the commander role (i.e. akin to the Skywalker to R2D2 relationship).  Also, my commander's weapon (as well as the main guns on my tanks) come off like a peashooter.  I'm half expecting the sound effect of ""Pew Pew Pew"" everytime my commander is engaging the enemy.  I wish I had the answer on how to best do this, but I believe each army and its commander should have a unique way of bringing pain to the enemy.Yes, I believe this game is on its merry way to being awesome, but it's not quite there yet."
76561198061266431,Recommended,233250,10191570,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Mithada,"THe dev team for this game has done an absolutely fantastic job with this game. As far as the mod comunity should be concerned, Planetary annihalation will be the king of rts modding for many great years to come. Keep up the great work guys. See you on the battlefield."
,Not Recommended,233250,12085776,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Miller Time,Fun Game.... When the always on server-side connection is not lagging or droping you from games...
,Recommended,233250,11949880,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,katous,"The recent updates have come such a long way, it feels like a solid ""Silver"" right now, still can't wait for ""Gold""!"
76561198054201261,Recommended,233250,9377082,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Woody,I am Brian Krebs and I approve this game.
,Not Recommended,233250,10243181,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Biggalloot,"I've had to revise my review of this game. I used to love it, considering that you could blow and planets and stuff!! What was not to love.But this is really taking the pi$$ and its shamefully ruined a game that had some great potential.They are charging you an extra £30 to get a DLC that should frankly of been in the original game.We have been lied to. They are overfunded due to kickstarter campaign and are now playing us for fools in believing that this new DLC will make a difference to the an already buggy game.Do yourself a favour, buy a reputable RTS, don't buy this one."
76561198041368328,Recommended,233250,10268561,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,PotatisMos,"make a great army. blow up planets with asteroids, nukes. destroy evrything in your path. oblititerate you enemies welcome to Planetary Annihilation."
,Recommended,233250,10961330,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,D-Rad,"If you see this game on sale and like a good RTS this is worth $20 easily. still early access and very promising gameplay to come. It has quite an interesting level of combat. starting on the ground, moving into the atmosphere, all the way to other planets."
,Recommended,233250,12084072,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,MoleZz,Big planet hit big planet equal big boom boom 11/10
,Recommended,233250,9306240,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Toon_Squad_Captain,HAVE A POWERFULL COMPUTER
76561198027522239,Not Recommended,233250,9299983,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Zagger,"I want to reccomend this game, I really do. But after some time I have uninstalled it. It's a good concept, but it fails in terms of gameplay and performance. It lags pretty bad and is kinda confusing to start off with. I payed $50 for Alpha, I kinda regret it now."
76561198074317629,Recommended,233250,9300322,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Zhorus,Oh my god this game is amazing like seriously as soon as i started playing i couldn't stop everyone should get this game.
76561198033251817,Recommended,233250,8572328,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,cock sucker,"10\10 , awesome game, and probably the best RTS ive played."
,Recommended,233250,5863924,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,💝Dookers💝,"An awsome game to have, if you like RTS types but at time seems unfair when you first get it."
76561198064819261,Recommended,233250,9646924,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Ganja Gremlin,Why have you not got dis yet yo
76561198072927818,Recommended,233250,9972100,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,UnseenCookie,This is a amazing game
,Recommended,233250,11513247,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,TheJoyousCorgi,A great game for people that love to control armys and empires.
,Recommended,233250,10220967,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,.✪ Jaf,"If you have a crappy GPU don't buy this game. It lags like♥♥♥♥♥♥ especially with the whole ""Always Online"" aspect just like SimCity had before they updated. Otherwise, great game. Lives up to the standard of Total Annihilation and is very pleasing to the eye holes."
76561198145381853,Not Recommended,233250,12070428,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,MrSmith19,wouldnt recommend cause the game didnt even start for me the developers say its my grapics card driver but ive updated it and upgraded 9it tons of times still wont start they should make a game that doesnt require a certain grapics card driversame as planetary annihilation but a smaller game and less fancy grapics just good enough to play it 0/10
,Recommended,233250,12511683,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Lew,Amazing RTS. I love this game and it is hours of fun and there so many things you can do. Buy this game
76561198011763377,Recommended,233250,11990699,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Pyramid Head,"This game is not ready for launch. The servers are still awful, crashes all the time, no matter how beastly your system is. The games will start to lag 20min in. This game still feels like it is in alpha, just keep that in mind if you're putting forth thy money.Besides the negatives I have just brought into fruition... The game is a really fun RTS."
,Recommended,233250,10327302,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,stipess,"The game is epic, I was impressed by the fact that we can collide planets into eachother, and by teleporter, which allows us to travel to other teleporter. The game needs more work, thus it's in early access."
,Recommended,233250,12036639,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Twisted Algebra,make planets go boom
,Not Recommended,233250,17662017,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Nox DObber,"Came expecting a worthy sucessor of SupCom only to find out that it lacks, a lot.Not only that but a standalone expansion was released.Don't give your money to a company who were going to scrap PA to make another RTS and when that backfired because of the backlash with the crowdfunding they decided that the best option was to re-release PA with a slighty longer name and a couple on new units.gg."
,Recommended,233250,17644815,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,GEONE,"Amazing game, worth every penny. Best RTS to date. I don't understand all the hate towards the dev's ""unfulfilled promises"" when everything they promised in their Kickstarter has been implemented in the game. Don't listen to the other reviews, the game is anything but buggy. It's well fleshed out and an enjoyable experience. The addition of TITANS makes this game so much better. I can't recommend this game enough."
76561198013987901,Recommended,233250,9627701,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,c0ax,"Great game, very much like Total Anhilation"
76561197978379354,Not Recommended,233250,12084347,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Larry,"I waited for the beta to be over before buying and yet no Save game feature?Very simular to supreme commander series, at this time I recomend you same your money an go back and play supreme commander"
,Recommended,233250,10857557,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,the gentleman,relatively command and conquer style game only with blowing planets up
,Recommended,233250,11949081,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,SnoopBoop,I love the game and would recommend it to any rts fan
,Not Recommended,233250,17570814,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Sjöberg,"EDIT: The release a update that you have to pay an insane pricdate to get, when you have already bought the first game. The devs pulled a EA and now the reviews are going down♥♥♥♥ this game and mostly the devsI do very much like this game.Its a very different rts with new features that I like alot, like planet smashing, unit cannons and deathrays.Although its kinda pricey so wait for it to go on sale until you buy itThe community is small but consistent and niceThe devs are a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥If you have the money and want a new rts, dont buy this game, buy the PA Titans although it costs alotIf you dont want it, dont buy this gameI rate it 8/10Also the singleplayer is meh, its the multiplayer you are after"
76561198028237226,Recommended,233250,10744189,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,konsento25,Been waiting a long time for an RTS like this. Much more thought process other then Scout and build the counter. It's still young and im only 2 hours deep but will be playing lots lots more
76561198074778759,Recommended,233250,10793247,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,FullMetal,WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY too buggy to call a game (at least it hasn't been fully released yet) but from what i have played it's quite fun and i'd recomend buying it when it is released and therefore less buggy :)#failingenglishclass:D
,Recommended,233250,10798852,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Masonjmj,The game is great and smashing planets is a lot of fun! Would recommend to anyone.
76561198099057574,Recommended,233250,10801875,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,DarkLancer99,"As a fan of the game Starcraft I enjoyed this game immensely. There are still bugs, but it's in an early stage so they're bound to be fixed.Battle.netwas terrible in Starcraft at the start. The ginormous scale of this RTS is insane, and if smashing a moon into your opponents planet isn't satisfying, heck you can smash a planet into a planet if it's not the starting one. Sending nukes from some moon into a base on the home planet is just that mood to make you laugh maniacally like Leluoch or Light. The only problems are the bugs in the menus and learning the complex controls, I want to know how to hotkey units but I don't know if it's in the game."
,Recommended,233250,10835353,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Epoch,"The only game you can lose when your opponent crashes one planet you are on, into another you are just colonising!"
,Recommended,233250,10837346,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mr.BMO,this game is epic it is realy fun and i realy like the mechanics of the game ps it is so fun to ram planets with moons and suff
,Recommended,233250,10848385,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Chaa'w,This is probably one of the best games i have ever played. And then when i think that i remember thats its not even finished and my brain just melts because of excitment. There is no other game like it to compare it to. Do not hesistate to try or buy this game!
,Recommended,233250,10201949,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Colossus Valus,The game is excellant even now for the occassional game and I am currently very excited in finding out how this game will become more fruitful in future.
76561197988957254,Recommended,233250,10243776,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Oodous,this game is unplayable.  constant hanging and is not a game that should have been released even in beta.  they took an old game and made a glich ridden product.  Not worth the money as it doesn't work.
76561198045751229,Recommended,233250,10254625,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,nathamxu,it's getting worse and worse
,Recommended,233250,10269426,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,cw,"If you liked Supreme Commander 1, this is that but on a larger scale."
76561197997120397,Recommended,233250,10283334,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Carfreak,Love this game. I bought it two days ago and have already put 16+ hours on it. The gameplay is fantastic and very smooth. It still needs a few glitch fixes here and there but for the most part they are non-existant.The actual gameplay and the amount of units you can create is very vaste. You can take control of a solar system and bash planets into eachother. You can launch nukes and control literally thousands of units while all trying to defend your planets. This game is one of the best Steam buys I have had and it still is not offically released. Fantastic game.
76561198027989734,Recommended,233250,10433225,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Lemony,Great competitive game that is gets great updates. Very fun.
76561198127410912,Recommended,233250,10440863,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,estevan.montoya25,if the game would quit crashing when trying to play multiplayer or when trying to load a battle on galactic war i might be able to give it a proper review
76561198097377868,Recommended,233250,10477723,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,JJ10GAMER,HOW COME IN THE NEW UPDATE IS FOR NO MORE MAC @(*($)#(@*()#_$)(
76561198119588574,Recommended,233250,10479072,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Doug Dimmadome the Evil,"I've been waiting for this game for so long. This game is amazing. The ability to grow your forces, move into space, colonize on other planets, and even crash moons into planets is brilliant. Definate thumbs up!"
,Recommended,233250,10668762,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Sir Blackser,"Lovely game, the new features they are adding are realy good. 9/10 would buy again."
76561198001934289,Recommended,233250,10676881,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,NEFLink,Better than starcraft!
76561198022306553,Recommended,233250,10678737,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Fonbu,When the going gets tough... nuke'm!
,Recommended,233250,10682847,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,TechnicallyLegit,Smashed a moon into its planet.  2 factories survived.  10/10 GOTY
,Recommended,233250,10716553,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,(DBB)Thepriest1750,"Great game, will be alot of fun once it done been waiting for a decent strategy game for a while now."
,Recommended,233250,10730873,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Derpanieux,"Very fun game, but with a few major bugs still in it. Most of the bugs are simply annoying to work around, but I still find the game to be an entertaining experience."
,Recommended,233250,10734291,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Three6Travis,"Christ, most amazing RTS I have played in a while. Yes there are a few problems but honestly nothing that can't be fixed. Also the scope of the battles is insane.12/10Honest rating8.5/10"
76561198073439716,Recommended,233250,10735051,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dino,"This game is well made, has smooth gameplay, and has fun strategy mechanics."
,Recommended,233250,10764813,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,shocktroop3012,"Well, I must say, I got this game on Steam Summer Sale 2014. And to be honest, I wasn't going to buy it due to the intitial release of a unfinished game for 80 to 90 dollars. I get the whole kickstarter argument, but still, It came across as poor form and so I was hesitant to get this.  However, all that to the side. It's actually an enjoyable game. It may be a little overwhelming at first but it's not overly complicated. I bought it for 16 bucks and it's worth it. After playing, I probably would have paid 20 to 25 for what I am getting out of this game. But let me be clear, this type of game isn't usually the type of game I would play as I am more of an RPG or FPS gamer. However, it has held my interest. Hope this helps you decide your course."
,Recommended,233250,10775390,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,luke6121,"good game, low instal time, good singleplayer."
,Recommended,233250,10778189,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Undutchable,"Forgive the buggy play and this is one big addictive game. Supreme Commander 2 is nothing compared to the scale of these maps and armies. Build an army and crush your opponents, or build an even bigger army and destroy them like ants, or you can just annihilate your opponents by crashing a moon onto the planet. Whatever you do, this game makes it bigger and better. TOTAL DESTRUCTION MY FRIEND!! BUY THIS GAME!!"
,Recommended,233250,10802824,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,indifferencejim,Interplanetary nukes and MOON ENGINES.ENGINES FOR YOUR MOOOOOOOON.
76561198056344726,Recommended,233250,10809227,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Aleksi,"Got a planet smashed into my base.10/10Okay, so as I wouldn't reccomend buying this at full price unless you are a true fan of this sort of game, I would reccomend buying it at this price (50% off), I got it at 16$ a few days ago and very much enjoy this game, it's tons of fun and the community is awesome and friendly. The game is easy to learn how to play, and actions are fast paced and keep you interested."
76561198013234428,Recommended,233250,10809816,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SpontaneousSnow,so far its fun i would recommended buying it on sale and is to early to give a full review onit  but is playable right now
,Recommended,233250,10810432,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,AtomicMuffin,"The server connection has many frustrating problems, but other than that.........blowing sh*t up is fun. :D"
76561198022486821,Recommended,233250,10839230,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,pauwlzor,RTS HERE YOU HAVE IT
76561197972096749,Recommended,233250,10879991,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,MicroKong,"Even though it's still got a long way to go, and is quite heavy on your system, it sure it a whole lot of fun to bring down a moon on some other player's base :D"
76561198003221628,Recommended,233250,10948024,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Natuz,"This is an amazing game, and even more so considering it's still an early access title.  Got it during the steam summer sale 2014, 66% off.  Total price was like $16.99.. awesome deal.  Big props to Foss for convincing me to buy it.Pros- Plays like Total Annihilation or Supreme Commander- No unit caps, huge battles- Highly moddable with PA Mod Manager, very easy to use- Soundtrack adds an epic feel to the fights, won't need Foss to play Imperial march outside of the game!Cons- Units get stuck / pathfinding kinda goofy on certain planets- Spherical landscape camera panning is weird, but this could be my personal issue- Planetary explosion was a bit of a letdown, hopefully it improves as the game is updatedBuy it!"
,Recommended,233250,7307119,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Niklas,"This will be a great new beginning for the type of gameplay that I enjoyed in TA,It has a bit to go, and I am not certain about the planetary stuff just yet.But have had alot of fun with the internal planetary combat even in this early build.Recommended for all players that enjoys macro RTS, on release"
,Recommended,233250,7401903,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Exploding Bees,Amazing Strategy Game
,Recommended,233250,7834540,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Redux,"A great game.  Has a lot of potential.  There are bugs, but put that aside and you have a very fun and adictive game."
76561197993851588,Recommended,233250,1500308,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,Knighet Zero of the north,this game rock!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,233250,7308779,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,♣[28thMA]DatLil_Gun,"This is a very cool game. There is a bug here and there, But its worth getting. I love dis game, its a cool stragaty game, its awesome"
,Recommended,233250,7356293,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Kestrel,"How do you improve Total Annihilation, the best RTS game ever? Strap rocket engines to a moon and crash it into  your enemy's base on another planet, leaving a gaping maw of a crater. That's how."
76561198008428073,Recommended,233250,8112181,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Zalandar,"looks like it could be a great game, main problem i am having is surviving long enough to find out, No matter what i build within 5 min of starting the game i have massive waves of enemies flooding my base and killing me off, is the any way to dumb down the Ai from its current setting of GODLIKE? I mean seriusly how is it i can have 5 buildings and they somehow have enough to have waves of tanks, bots and planes♥♥♥♥♥rapeing me????"
76561198007802817,Recommended,233250,8171089,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Mal,Simply Amazing!
76561198025746455,Recommended,233250,8223380,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Don Alfonso,It's an RTS game... IN SPACE! WITH PLANETS! You can't get better than that!Latest update was an upgrade to what we call ICBMs in modern language (InterContinental Ballistic Missile)... THEY ARE NOW INTER PLANETARY BALLISTIC MISSILES!Not only that... you can smash planets into eachother! Just don't stay on it when you do...This game is growing to be one of the greatest RTS' of it's time! I just can't wait until the Galactic Conquest mode!
76561197985258421,Recommended,233250,8233257,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,jharyl,Good game gets constantly better! Those how like TA or FA wont regret it.
76561198040790492,Recommended,233250,8252333,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,[TD] MIIIX,Great Strategy Game
76561198116337146,Recommended,233250,7852902,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,invaderwrestler,what is pa.exe mean
,Recommended,233250,7904185,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Master0r0,"An amazing game even in its alpha stage, the ability to be able to fly from planet to planet and build bases on them aswell as blast asteroids into other planets, just pure beauty and the journey that ships make to get to other planets, just pure beauty, i recommend this game to any RTS player, it adds a great new dimension to RTS that has always been missing"
,Recommended,233250,8124623,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Snivy,"While it may not be fully optimized currently, this game is still amazing. I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,233250,8463773,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,A.R.M.,"This is going to be a long review (more of a overview).Planetary Annihilation is designed to be modded and is of the style of RTS's that there is no unit cap and there are unlimited resources, for that reason, if one must relate the game to something, it is more synonymous with Command and Conquer than StarCraft, sadly it only supports 10 players rather than the planned 40 by default... once can edit that number, launch the game, and host large games for others who have not edited that number... good luck getting a game off that way.There is a very user friendly solar system maker, where one can customize a solar system nearly to the T, the planets are still randomly generated that you place, you can play with the values (which includes size/mass), but you ca not go down on the surface and move/design mountains sadly. Make anything but a gas planet.This game too has multiple frontlines, but has a greater propensity for more frontlines than other games, thus requires more strategy, thus proving to be a more challenging RTS than most.This game works on energy and mass, having a commander means that you have some base energy and mass production to be able to keep playing, but one will want to build generators, mass extractors, and energy and mass storage buildings to increase ones resource income and amount as to annihilate more enemies. No matter where one harvest resources, it goes into a giant resource pool, this means if you harvest x and planet y, you will have x available on planet z as long as you have not used x yet. The game also tells you your resource income and expenditure in real time (although not specifically from where and what on) (allows for better resource management!)One starts off with a unit called a ""Commander,"" there are different types of commanders one can choose from; think of a Commander as a boss unit, it has high damage, high health, and is quite maneuverable, on top of that, it is the fastest construction unit in the game. The commander can only queue up T1 builds, but as any construction unit, can be put on any building to build.One can build more construction units from the various ""barracks"" one can construct from the commander, which in turn can build T2 unit production builds, which T2 construction units can build T2 structures.One can build an Orbital Launcher that one can build space faring vessels at in order to transport units to other satellites in space to build on, and if it is light/small enough, to smash into things.There are so many different ways and strategies to play, the biggest challenge is finding a strategy to agree upon with one’s team, so if you get this game, make some friends that have it, or get your RTS loving friends to get it.As for teams, currently there are a few modes. One can share resources with all of ones teammates with 1 commander per teammate, one can do the misleading mode of FFA, which is the prior but with one commander between all teammates, one can have one's own resources from ones' teammates. Finally if one wants to do a CompStomp (players vs computers), one can handicap the bots so they have a higher resource generation than the players, which is always fun.All in all, if you enjoy long RTS's (All games I've played has gone easily over 1 hour (most over 2 going on 3, and the win was due to people not leaving their planet until 30 minutes after our team did, and by the time they won the planet, we were ready to smash them and did, right now there are not a lot of skilled players, so become one).Note: Make sure your system is good, for if you wish to do giant (large multi-planet) systems, your computer might have some trouble."
76561197978691110,Recommended,233250,8465711,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Haroth,"Definately a game worth having, but not in its current format. Its far from complete but it shows GREAT potential, i dearly hope they will finish this game."
76561197995766882,Recommended,233250,1642945,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,megazogg,"Total Annihilation reborn, only this time war becomes really big as you and your opponents fight on different planets in one, procedurally generated solar system, using any means possible - from conventional tanks up to satelites and nukes.The graphics are really cute too, reminds me Torchlight's style."
,Recommended,233250,7821067,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Wickedfizzy,This game is way fun and the world building style is epic.
76561198017800218,Recommended,233250,8060022,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Itching_Where,good game needs sli/xfire suport no issues that i have seen of yet
,Recommended,233250,8161805,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,-=312th=- TDSM,This game reminds me of Total Annihilation: The Core Contingency (TA:CC) a really old game but same type of building. I am glad I bought it. :) Anyway if you like that or have played similar type like Supreme Commander 1+2+Forged Alliance then this one is recommended for you :)
76561198074160388,Recommended,233250,8443045,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,warfaice,"I like the game very much, worth the money considering its value is past its price and it is still being updated!!!Worth the buy!!!"
,Recommended,233250,8533979,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,CommieBastard,"Charming Graphics, intuitive controls and simplicity in the economy make this a Macro strategy game that is easy to learn but impossible to master. the focus on grand battles where economy determines the winner rather than micro managment means that the game is satisfying to watch and fun to play, worth the price of admission. bigger battles DO take their toll on lower end computers though."
76561197970502273,Recommended,233250,417753,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Gansan,One of the best RTS i ever have played and it´s alpha status .. Oo the full Game with all features will be awesome!
76561198053437550,Recommended,233250,7801856,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Hyena IronDawn,this game is fun
76561198004356964,Recommended,233250,7835299,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Elidrin,This game is GREAT! .... and I can't beat it...
,Recommended,233250,7896308,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,DigitaShadow,"I dont know where to start with this game! Ive played a lot of RTS games, but nothing this great. All the other RTS games are on a flat battle field, with some big armies attacking and defending... BORING. But not this game, you build up resources, you are able to build advanced factories, expand to other planets and build armies and resources there, nuke your enemy, if you dont like nukes build thrusters on an asteroid and send that thing flying into the planet causing it to explode. This game is in beta so there are still bugs but so far a great game. I would also suggest getting it on sale because $60 bucks is steep... I  got mine for $44. You will surely not be dissapointed on the scale of this RTS.  Make sure you watch your back when you are playing a 40 player match. One of the best games ive bought in a long time."
,Recommended,233250,8569852,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,adept,"this game, whilst in beta - has all the hallmarks of being a 'spirital successor' to total annihilation or supreme commander.thus far, the only gripe ive had, is having to manually install the DX9 components this game requires - but being its beta, it can only get better from here."
,Recommended,233250,8602915,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,[M9G] MrX,"Being a very big fan of the TA series, and the SUPCOM's that came thereafter, i had to opt into this ripper.Should be a cracker of a game when it all takes shape.Some of the features already inplace are brilliant.I will play this repeatedly as it evolves."
,Recommended,233250,8630025,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Senatus Populusque Romanus,"Who doesn't like Total Annihilation, Supreme Commander and Forged Alliance?The spiritual successor to these games brings orbital gadgets, interplanetary destruction, new tactics, beautiful graphics reminiscent of Total Annihilation and a TON of fun!A REAL strategy game!"
76561198079350481,Recommended,233250,8698888,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Squeakmonium,"Although VERY system heavy right now, it is really fun, could use a pause button, but all in all wonderful. Thanks for making this  developers, I know it was a hard road to get onto steam, but now you are on!"
,Recommended,233250,8699641,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Le Spaghetto,Would like to play more but it doesnt stand a chance against tf2
76561198105482066,Recommended,233250,8705975,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Queeblo,"Planetary Annihilation is a great game for those more familliar with Spore, who want a Command and Conquer spin on it. It shows promising gameplay from the onset. However, it has many bugs and at first it can be frustrating to even try and play a game. But on the premise that you are willing to join in on the beta-feedback, you will enjoy this game. I hold no doubt in my mind that this game will live up to all it promises when it has finished it's beta."
,Recommended,233250,8760064,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Dvagoes,one word...AWESOME
,Recommended,233250,8888488,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Kozaka,Very addictive and fast paced
,Recommended,233250,8905931,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,TheFallenGamer,"Awesome game. I could get hours of fun from crashing planets, launching nukes, and waging warfare."
76561198099835172,Recommended,233250,8930198,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Ogrhen90,im having problems getting the game started :( it jus wont load can someone help me out? it looks like a good game to play
,Recommended,233250,9057665,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Ramenrasengan,"great idea, gamestyle, and graphics that will never look aged, this game is GREAT! love playing it, even though not man enough to play multiplayer.  Overall, great game that i love playing."
76561198018821621,Recommended,233250,9066903,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Avranis,"Now I'm a huge RTS fan and I love the genre, this game reminds me Supreme Commander. In a good way, I like having the command unit, makes me feel like I'm actually helping my faction. This games selling point is being able to hop over to other celestial bodies on a whim, planet hopping at it's finest. It's crazy entertaining to learn the gimmicks of this game. Plus crashing a moon into another planet is very satisfying with regards to removing your enemy from the equation."
76561198104779622,Recommended,233250,9108680,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Deaconator 3000,"love this game, all the potential is there.9.5 / 10, lets see if they use the potential to it's max"
76561198058738996,Recommended,233250,9137249,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,caphriel,Planet go boom. Yay.
,Recommended,233250,9148846,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,terror.eek,"you get to destroy entire planets, enough said."
,Recommended,233250,9166338,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Saddam - سور کا گوشت,This Game gave me a Nergasm :D - someone told me to do this and i have no idea what its for?
76561198059309680,Recommended,233250,9167212,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,RAIDEN,cool
76561198024274857,Recommended,233250,9174907,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,MD Tron,"For the time I have spent playing PA, it is by far one of the cooler Strat games I have played."
76561198071644273,Recommended,233250,9308906,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Zenithian,THIS GAME IS AMAZING!BUY ITOR DIE
,Recommended,233250,9319394,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Catfish Homie,yes but its kinda buggy
,Recommended,233250,9332588,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,MattDP,"Shaping up to be a very good game. It does take a lot of getting used to the camera always being directly down instead of an angle, and features like saving would be a plus (may have missed this), been happy with the purchase in the steam sale and can't wait for the final product as a long time TA and SC fan."
76561198065267459,Recommended,233250,9337702,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,WIseClockWork,any fun easy rts that anyone can pick up
76561198023099579,Recommended,233250,9345416,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,1980sean,So so glad I went for this as I had been umming and arring over it for a while.  Its well worth the trust and investment in it.Hopefully I can play it well enough though :)
76561198096773975,Recommended,233250,9346750,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,EskiBoy,Future ClassicFeels very much like Total Annihilation did all those years ago.The sort of game you'll still have installed in 10 years time.
76561198111402461,Recommended,233250,10201522,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,lrhodelander,it' not working for me
,Recommended,233250,8098502,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Hand Banana,NUKES GALORE!!!!
76561198027994218,Recommended,233250,8167421,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Mr.Tetris,I have the game and its very good for a beta
,Recommended,233250,8177123,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,DarkMenace583,"This game may be prone to bugs and be laggy moast of the time but its still epic, hands down"
,Recommended,233250,8190578,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Gaming Guy,Awsome.
76561198010321489,Recommended,233250,8190620,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Smendoza,"If you are a fan of RTS at all this is pretty much the best one I have played and its only in Beta right now. The scope of the game brilliant with a smooth interface and easy commands. The matches are quick as well most being 30-50 mins. A lot shorter than most rts games. Games will soon host 40 players fighting it out between planets, in the air, on the ground, on the oceans, and in orbit.There is a very different approach to team play within multiplayer. The individual players ALL control their ""team's"" units so one can work on building an economy another on fighting. So this allows players to micro in a much more effective manner given that as new fronts open up, attacks happen, and goals change the game flows much more smoothly and it adds a deeper strategic level to the typical RTS."
,Recommended,233250,8212432,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Neptunes_Requiem,Superb game nothing feels better than crash a moon into your enemyNOTICE: if game is crashing during start up or round start update drivers
,Recommended,233250,8303001,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Gardevoir,"(I understand it is still in Beta)There are some issues with this game. For example, as of now you cannot choose to spawn on a planet seperate from the AI, if you are playing solo, and a VERY aggravating issue is that you only get around 5 minutes to build anything, then an armada comes roaring in and destroys at the least half your base, and if you're unlucky wipes you off the map.But, this game has much potential, good grahics, smooth animation, and is overall a very well done RTS game that this fan of Total War games enjoys. Sending hundreds, if not thousands of units to invade and conquer planets? Heck yea, count me in!"
,Recommended,233250,8339707,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Yestin,Love this game but it is a bit of a time-hog.
,Recommended,233250,8364095,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,GeexGee,Planetary Annihilation is still only in Beta but is one of the best Strategy games I have ever played! Being able to throw planets at the enemy gives the Strategy genera a whole new twist with apocalyptic out comes...
,Recommended,233250,8388449,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Bithead,"By smashing astroids into planets, you can effectively defeat the enemy; however, it can take a long amount of time to get to the point to where you can propel planets, but it is satisfying nonetheless. The combat in the game is very balanced, and the upgrades to the units, though basic, can differ. For example, if a unit is anti-ship and anti-land, it may be just anti-ship in the next tier."
76561198087859915,Recommended,233250,8484242,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Mike Daysen,If you're an old wargamer like me then you'll love it. Epic battles and limitless potential. Well done guys!!
,Recommended,233250,8487717,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,stikupkid_SE,"Do you want to destroy planets, other than the one you live on? I sure do. Do you enjoy the stress and joy of RTS? No? I sure do. Have you always wanted to crash your very own plant into someone else's planet? Yeah? You need this game then. Buy it."
76561198038572608,Recommended,233250,8487888,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Godfather,But this game right now!
,Recommended,233250,8489161,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Rockmn,So much fun. Worth it.
,Recommended,233250,8493484,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Mong,get it thats it........get now.
,Recommended,233250,8496875,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Milwaki,"Coming from a huge Command & Conquer: Red Alert 2 fan, I can say with certainty that even though this game is technically still being made (I'll update this review once it officially launches), that this game is incredibly fun. Simple RTS mechanics let you build up an army of infinite size which you can use to fight AI or friends to the death.Unlike a traditional RTS though, you're not limited to a flat, square map: you have an entire planet at your disposal. Planet biomes are randomly generated and can be customized to your liking as well as entire solar systems. You can even build an orbiter and leave the planet and start constructing your units elsewhere for some interplanetary combat filled with nukes and satellite lasers.The final nail is the ability to turn a small planet into a projectile and hurl it into your enemies base crushing them and a nice chunk of the planet into oblivion. Absolutely a gem RTS, and possibly the birth of a new franchise, that will be played for generations to come."
,Recommended,233250,8532301,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Zurtrun,Brilliant game. Imagine Supreme Commander on an inter-planetary scale.
76561198103631227,Recommended,233250,8544005,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,123,It is a great game i love it the only down side is when you join a loby it lags alot but it is only in beta so i am sure that will get fixed also i fill i should inculed this that this game is one of a kind youe can not find a game like this anyother place and i say it is worth the price.
,Recommended,233250,8566364,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,June,"if (!you.Games.Contains(""Planetary Annihilation"")) {you.PurchaseGame(""Planetary Annihilation"");}// seriously it's awesome go buy it"
76561198016514883,Recommended,233250,8593084,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Choromakolo¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"''Best game''I have been playing this game for a while when it was still Alpha, And yes by that time it had bugs but wat do you expect from AN alpha, There where not much people to fight against since it was still expensive, but since beta came out and now the game, the community became bigger.They Also added a campaign where you can just choose your own path trough the gelaxy you can explore new content like constructions etc.The good thing about this game and developers they listing to people so if u want something to be in the game. they would actualy think about it to implent it. by that it still gets new updates with new constructions.Right now 26-12-2014 it is not to expensive only 5euros it is worth it .. even worth the normal price.GL HAVE FUN ;)"
76561198046299702,Recommended,233250,8670048,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Overklock,"it looks great but it stops resonding and closes down when its loading map data, can anyone help?"
,Recommended,233250,8681016,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,broccoli assassin,I don't know what I'm doing 10/10
76561197971264684,Recommended,233250,8706546,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,bms85,On track to becoming one of the best RTS games I've ever played! Adding multiple planets adds a lot of depth. Games like this that create new concepts are the reason I like early access. Planetary Annihilation is well worth the $80 I originally invested.
76561198089256436,Recommended,233250,8709154,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,scootkid,"I LOVE THIS GAME. This is the type of strategy game I wanted. The whole solar system is the battle ground. Ground, Air, Sea, even orbital units that you can use to make your army. Not to bring up all the structures that can help in battle like artillery. And the game ender the planet engine to lunch entire planet at your foe.It might still be in beta. So the game has some problems like it does not seem to be optimized. And some units and building aren’t in the game yet like the unit cannon in the video but I read that they plan on adding it.Even with the small problems I would recommend it to anyone who like large scale strategy game even with the price."
,Recommended,233250,8710954,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Bantersaurus,"Just the shear scale makes it worth it , will be totall awesome when its finished , just a few bugs but nothing too unplayable . Buy it !!"
76561198088338011,Recommended,233250,8718445,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,wilfb,cant get in but it looks amazing
76561198035417268,Recommended,233250,8720838,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,tesponz,I love this game. Its probaly the best RTS game there is. I highly recomend it to anyone who enjoys blowing a planet to bits with millions of units and a flying astriod.
,Recommended,233250,8731670,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Exide,Definitely a spiritual succsessor to Total Anihillation. The AI will murder you. Game play is great but; I cannot decide if it is poorly optimized or the first game in a long while my rig canot handle at 100%.
76561198014645697,Recommended,233250,8733235,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,BOT Laner,"I like when the planets go ""SWOOOOOOOOOOOSH"" and then and then ""BOOOOM"" and everyone on is it is just like ""BRKJDIWESKJDKASJD"" and then it says ""You Win"". 10/10"
,Recommended,233250,8742253,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Irrelevant,"Must haveGreat game, graphics and combat system.if you read reviews saying this game does not work properly it could be one of 3 problems:1.They have WAY to high expectations for bata games.2.There setings are all to high for there computer to handle.3.There tring to play with to meany plants/players. (however this game can handle 10 player matches well)"
,Recommended,233250,8742830,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,ᶜᵉᶳᵗ ᴸᵃ ᵛᶤᵉ,Ambitious Game with decent progress
76561198062301686,Recommended,233250,8754451,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Erect Reptile,"I'm a real sucker for strategy games and this one really carries its own weight and a litle more. This game spans over an entire solar system that you can create or just use one of the pre made ones, i remember the first time i destroyed a planet and i couldnt  wipe the smile off my face for at least 30 minuets. Even though it is still in beta it is still one of the best strategy games i have played and it is a bit costly but the money still goes to the developers so save up and game on."
,Recommended,233250,8912602,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,[42ndRof Revan,A good game but it's still unfinished and need more work but this game has a lot of potential.
,Recommended,233250,8922515,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Face,"This game is definately a work in progress.  I appreciate the work that they have done here.  I am a huge fan of SupCom, which this plays very similar to.  I have a 3 monitor setup which this works with without a problem (eyefinity, 7850).  The game gets a little rough for me to play at times though it may be due to my C2D processor (upgrading soon).Pros:  This game is very much like a larger SupCom.  If you enjoyed SupCom you will feel right at home here.Cons:  This is a work in progress.  Not a whole lot of variation between races.  Difficulty when starting is higher than what I was expecting.  Difficult to get off of first planet.  I haven't found a way if there is one to start on a different planet than the enemy.This game has a lot of potential and I look forward to updates that will be coming."
76561198016294532,Recommended,233250,8937287,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,tommezzi2,"This game really needs a better launcher, I've seen it work, and I know its a working game, but 1/30 times it crashes at launch. Thats a big deal, and definitely something that should be fixed. I'm still hopeful because $60 better worth it in the long run.if you're thinking of buying this game, I'd suggest you picked a different strategy game unless you want something that will crash 99% of the time you play it. I'd suggest like supreme commander forged alliances if you're looking for a similar game playif you're patient I'd say in a year or two definitely get this game. The price has already gone down, it was 70 when I bought it in the summer of '13, it's about 50 now.UPDATESince release its worked alot better and its incredibly compelling as an rts. Definitely suggest"
76561198104201887,Recommended,233250,8942488,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,higginss_09,♥♥♥♥IN' SWEET!
,Recommended,233250,8943662,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,[BLK] TheRealSlimSiggy,"Amazing graphics, created by people from Gas Powered Games, which created Supreme Commander, it is a really good, well rounded Strategical Game from Heaven or wherever, it really depends on your Religion."
,Recommended,233250,8950962,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,ImmortalScum,an interesting and a different type of game that sure you earn from.a lot of variety in this game...MUST HAVE IT
,Recommended,233250,8952459,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Yaljin,"Excellent game. Brutal first few steps as the AI is very aggressive, but note you can change its resource collecting or put into sandbox mode to learn it.This was a kickstarter game project that produced results.  The game feels steep, but the price does vary"
76561198091215504,Recommended,233250,8953989,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,That_Guy_20,Awesome game really like it but still a few bugs that need to be fixed and i also think that there needs to be more units and some more transport units
,Recommended,233250,8964597,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,BAEB,BEST GAME EVARRRRRRRRRRRRR i will spend all my time and life on this game
,Recommended,233250,8967473,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Artemis,"Brilliant game with new and fresh play style. Planetary annihilatio has great graphics, a relatively good multiplayer and friendly community, its just not worth £30 - at its current stage anyway. I bought the game expecting hours of playablilty and was not given this, that aside its still a very good game with a LOT of promise and with future updates hope to see how it develops."
76561198076494777,Recommended,233250,8968139,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,01helloworld01,Great game!
,Recommended,233250,9128408,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Annihilia,"This is the end-all-be-all of RTS games. Even in beta. Its pedigree can be traced back to Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander, so that should tell you something about the development direction of this game."
76561197977553012,Recommended,233250,9128719,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Church,Supreme Commander 3.0
,Recommended,233250,9142620,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,ZombieFish,"I truely believe, given the right circumstances, this game could be the future of the RTS genre. Imagine playing your RTS of choice. Now imagine building a rocket ship to take you to another map, and giving you the ability to control yet another army on a completely different terrain while you simultaneously control your conquest of the previous map. That's what this game is all about. Conquer one planet. Conquer two planets. Repurpose an asteroid into your own personal doomsday weapon. It's all possible in this game. Future updates promise even more amazing options from opponents starting on seperate planets to having multiple solar systems involved in a single galactic war."
,Recommended,233250,9145032,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,InfinityDerp,iTS a GOOD GAME BUT IT ALWAYS CRASHES WHENEVER I TRY TO PLAY A GAME
,Recommended,233250,9151241,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,$panner [Adam]✔,"Its in Alpha/Beta, i love playing Total Annhiliation and Supreme Commander 1 and 2 but i think for it being in beta, it still has issues and compatibility problems which i hope are fixed soon, I recommend this because i love TA and SupCom."
76561198108348451,Recommended,233250,9160291,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,samblaaser00,A good game but it could do with a single player campaign though.
76561198035709290,Recommended,233250,9172507,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,JJC,"I love the game but want to make a few suggestions. First of all I would love you to bring back the peewee from the original total anihilation, as it would make a great addition to the bots. It would also be great if you coudl add a offline skirmish where i could play against AI's of a lower difficulty as im getting used to the game and fail to keep up with the preset AI's. i still 100% recomend the game"
76561198022141213,Recommended,233250,9186487,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,DirtySheriff x,I love the idea of this game and I bought the game a while ago and have no problem with itexcept I have not revieved the soundtrak or Desktop Wallpaper. this makes me sad.Other then that last bit I highly recommend this game to any one who is interested in strategies.
76561198017474558,Recommended,233250,9308652,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,-=VIP3R=-,love this already
76561198038206586,Recommended,233250,9309820,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,scooterblenny417,This game is amazing for a gamma level game although it has some bugs it is early in early access. This game can compare to Comand and Conquer and can be recommended to anyone who is a fan of the early c&c titles
76561198026729600,Recommended,233250,9316850,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,{TACT} Vendetta,Great game:). i posted some notes and suggestions in tech support in the forums for my feedback.
,Recommended,233250,9317808,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,[AGz]Mr.Oi,fun game
,Recommended,233250,9319110,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Hunter,"PA has the fun factor for sure!If you loved Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander you will be right at home. PA has many new feature to the traditional strategy game.  Obliterate you enemy with a planet, simplistic art style that looks clean and easy to read. PA does have its problems with clunky UI and the occasional bugs. If you can see past the bugs and UI they you will be humming the amazing orchestral music that it provides for that epic scale battles that planetary annihilation just excels in."
,Recommended,233250,9336738,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,NeoKuro,"Amazing game. A lot of depth, hours of fun, and an infinite number of ways to destroy your opponent (or teammates - which I totally don't do because it amuses me <.<)"
,Recommended,233250,9337863,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,silversarith,So Planetary Annihilation isn't quite finished yet. It still needs some work on the end game and there are still a few bugs to iron out. But If anyone liked total annihilation or other stupid huge RTS games its already amazing and I would recommend it. I just got done with a three hour game that only ended because my opponent conceded because I owned two planets and he owned one and we were fighting over a moon that we were trying to strap rockets onto to slam onto the opponents Capitol world.And by fighting over the moon I mean we both had portals on the moon and our worlds were covered with factories for warmachines driving through the portals and exploding in huge waves against each other and we were trying to fling enough nukes through the void to overcome each others defensive sites and failing.
76561197994544929,Recommended,233250,9337954,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Remnur,"It's basically a newer version of total annihilation, but I feel like it wasnt done as well.  Maybe I just haven't played enough to get the gameplay down, but I think they didnt put enough content into the game..."
76561198062466977,Recommended,233250,9338468,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,cornpuffs49,AI isnt that smart but still an awesome game
76561198126649728,Recommended,233250,9338585,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,smokey,its hard to get used to at first. PA has the same concept and theme as total annihilation. This is a great game!
,Recommended,233250,9340392,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,ADHDNeal,i recommend it its so awesome yeah theres a few bugs but man its awesome if u are a fan of rts this is the game for u
,Recommended,233250,9342177,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Shufi Mane,"If you enjoy RTS's with a Sci-Fi touch that doesn't come near Star Trek, this is the deal. Seriously. This is the best Strategy game I've ever played. You've got all the tools you basically need for a nice RTS. First of all, it's build up on an economy system, which i enjoy a lot. Second, there's no lack of units. Units don't get boring as easy as in other RTS's. Nothing is ever the same.The graphics have a cartoony style, but without that weird outline of every character like in the Borderlands series.Since the last update, it has become much easier to run, due to a logical stability fix.Although i've experienced an error with the game, which happened to my friend. On some computers, Planetary Annihilation won't start with the error sign ""Pa.exe is not responding"" and afterwards crashes. This really needs to be patched in future updates since i haven't been able to find any solutions so far.I've got one reason for you to buy this game... YOU CAN SMASH PLANETS INTO OTHER PLANETS, AND IT LOOKS AWESOME.It's definitely worth the spending cash..."
76561198069167030,Recommended,233250,10202835,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Muffin Man,"I wrote a negative review before, as I wasn't able to properly play a game. Since then, a few updates have been released and the situation got better. Seems like they are working hard on this and constantly fixing bugs and adding features.The concept is great and it is tons of fun!"
76561197971307669,Recommended,233250,10203302,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Philip_Fry,"Well, it's a pretty decent RTS, but the main selling point seems to be that the maps are ""entire planets"".  They are the SMALLEST ""planets"" ever, with many of them being smaller than the original TA maps.  It's still a good strategy game at its core, but don't be fooled by the hype - the map sizes are greatly exaggerated."
76561198079365241,Recommended,233250,10204037,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,EBT 4 life,"you command, build units, and ♥♥♥♥ing lose track of everything but great game."
76561198077754828,Recommended,233250,10206027,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Yellow Yoghurt,awsomeness
76561198073681027,Recommended,233250,10244893,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Ares,Good Game had problems before updates now it is working perfectly. Keep it going Uber Entertainment
76561198031195898,Recommended,233250,10245433,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Aviator_PE,"Fun game, however extremely overpriced. Many more people would play if it was cheaper."
,Recommended,233250,10248894,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,1337KЯEW,omfg this game is awesome but it keeps saying pa.exe has stopped working they need to fix that. if there is a way to fix it please tell me
76561197995311471,Recommended,233250,10262099,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Herr Forsman,I love this game!
76561198047181815,Recommended,233250,10273252,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,IronSide,"Pure Awesome~!If you like game that will literially kick you in the♥♥♥♥♥while you are learning....This is the game :DAfter you get over the learning curve it becomes quite a fun game crashing small planet and moons into other planets, interplanetary nuking, DFA (Death From Above) Satilites, ect.Remember its ""Early Access"" so things may change but i only see updates improving such a well designed game.8/10 Would Reccomend~"
76561198049733018,Recommended,233250,10299320,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,The best Alex,you can make armies of Creepers and Bolo (or Polo as I like to call it)9/10 - needs Marco
,Recommended,233250,8124165,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Viking Batman,"so much fun and desctruction, worth every penny, although, a few glitches, but hey, its still in early access, so all is forgiven."
76561197980581499,Recommended,233250,8466716,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,bwaffle,This game brings back so many fond memories of playing TA. If you love RTS give PA a whirl you will not be disapointed.
76561197969764561,Recommended,233250,8472131,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Myth ︻デ═一,"If you don't like this game, then I will punch you repeatedly in the neck. Until death."
,Recommended,233250,8483132,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Top_Hat,it is awesome
,Recommended,233250,8487977,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Jens_Andreas,A mix of strategy and annihilation of planets? YES PLEASE!
,Recommended,233250,8952242,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Nick's Really Tight F***ing Ass,take supreme commander and multiply the fun and how far you can go by 10000000000000000000000000000
76561198079446410,Recommended,233250,8967254,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,supercommyguru,One of the best games i had ever played.
76561198063199958,Recommended,233250,8979792,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Long Dong Silver,Very PlanetMuch AnnihilationSuch CommandWow
76561198022612877,Recommended,233250,8985758,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,aurigasixty,"**** 4/5 stars.  Reason= BetaI would still be playing Total Annihilation, if it weren't for all my unit id conflicts. Up and out is the only logical next step. To the stars. Kudos to you for taking it there. Not quite a 4X, but as close as you can get to it in the RTS realm.Very rough cut, but definitely a unique precious stone yet to be seen in the gaming industry, but moreover MORE Annihilation!"
,Recommended,233250,9104871,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,SLAYER,"This game is a strategy I've been waiting for.  It is in Beta, but it is playable.  Sometimes you can tell but most the time you cannot.  If you liked supreme commander, here is your game."
,Recommended,233250,10245365,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,TwerkingSoup,EPIC! That is all.
76561198041367951,Recommended,233250,10247664,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,cfly98,Awesome game but a you need a decent computer to play it but still really worth it
,Recommended,233250,10688369,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Red Rabbit,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing incredible
,Recommended,233250,10698249,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,K29N,"Made a base, built nothing on a moon but Metal Miners, then collided the moon into my planet killing both me and the enemy, 10/10"
,Recommended,233250,10709383,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,BarrelFire,"I played a bit and it is VERY VERY fun, but it keeps shutting down......"
76561197974740898,Recommended,233250,8207641,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,CobaltNova,"In its current pre-release form this game is a jewel. The game is difficult to get used to due to the planetary scale which makes it difficult sometimes to fight multiple enemies at once however, after a few games against the AI (which is incredibly good) the game becomes somewhat easier to play. The only problem I can see in this game is the relatively demanding graphics, older integrated graphics cannot play the game even on low without problems. The game is fairly stable and many promised features have been included making the game enjoyable both to win and lose, after all, what is more fun than watching an entire planet explode?"
,Recommended,233250,8263425,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,@TheRealGeraltOfRivia,it is amazing i highly reccomend this game!!!!!!
76561198061336044,Recommended,233250,8266522,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Captain Facepalm,"i must say this game is extremly impressive.when i first saw the kickstarter i doubeted they could pull it off....seems they knew what they were doing because this game is spectacular!still in beta and quite demending on the pc, but this game has a chance to be the best RTS to date"
76561198057991664,Recommended,233250,8273221,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Dr.Salty,"if you have got the spare cash for this game then you should defintely pick it up, it may be still in beta but it has much to offer and every new battle creates new scenario. it does have a few issues but like i said it is still in beta. so before you judge it and say its an expsenive supreme commander rip off you should give it a go and then. i'd give this game a 9/10"
,Recommended,233250,8284648,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Jahveen47,"haaaarrrrrdd, but really fun and addicting."
76561198065483317,Recommended,233250,8291594,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Puny Nerd12345,Buy this damn game.
76561198038822734,Recommended,233250,8356004,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Greymatter,"PA is a awsome concept with great potential. It is currently in the beta stage, but it still is a blast and i enjoy playing it. I would recommend this game to friends who dont mind playing around a few bugs and who like to help shape the end product of games. For all other friends who enjoy RTS's this is a must buy finished product."
,Recommended,233250,8442416,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,[BRN]Ferretmaster,"A great game which truely does bring warfare to the planatery scale, if you dont like your neighbours it is very fun to launch a moon into them."
,Recommended,233250,8470479,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,'FluffyButtz' L. David,So good!
76561198024922652,Recommended,233250,8483350,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Orgitazm,potential to be the best of its kind :D
76561198018707314,Recommended,233250,8492215,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Black Mage,"Just played my first game, this is a fantastic game from what ive seen. Cant wait to get back in and drop a meteor on someones head :D."
76561198079755170,Recommended,233250,8560199,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,DeltaGhost,"This is a great game, nearly complete! It is for any RTS seekers who are looking for somthing after the fall of StarCraft. I urge any StarCraft players to check it out."
,Recommended,233250,8568386,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Jo11y R0g3r,"Love the no unit cap, pretty fun while still in beta, seems to be pretty well optimized, i could go on and on. While the lack of any real ""uber units"" kinda bugs me, i have no real complaints. Be warned though, the bots love nukes."
76561197985780949,Recommended,233250,8680887,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Disharmony,"This game is really good, the physics, animation, AI and grafics are something to see, it seems simple yet really advanced. I recommend this game strongly to people that like RTS and the possibility to go beyond simple building games. The speed of the game is fast, and your foe can come for you from all angles, so you have to be on your toes at all times and that makes it som much more fun, including that the whole universe can be your playground makes it great.I used to play RA and SC alot in single player, not that much in multiplayer, but the problem there was that when you had a good base and footing the enemy stopped being any real threat, but they have changed that and i for one think its for the better because you have to be alert the whole time.But to sum things up, if you like RTS and want a challenge i recommend this game."
76561198033933830,Recommended,233250,8695295,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,KAI626,Yes a new RTS with lots of Potential
76561197993250764,Recommended,233250,9337229,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Atuday,RTS game much like early C&C. Lets you run planets together. Fun game. Deffinately not finished which makes it even more exciting to think what might come next.
,Recommended,233250,9338097,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Chamoru,BEST GAME EVER!
,Recommended,233250,9343841,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Eternal Void Lord Senquorin,"Very nice ta/sup-com stlye RTS.  Beware the price and the (Still decently long from my prespective) dev time left.  Even though they had to add a new beta type(Gamma) to make it appear like they are making progress, still a very good game already, and I would suggest it to anyone who enjoyed Supreme Commander/TA/Spring and is willing to pay for it.A/N Note system requirements."
,Recommended,233250,9344145,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Drift.it,"This game may still be in Gamma, but it is basically a full game at this point. Very well made, and very fun, even to the casual RTS player."
,Recommended,233250,9345355,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,noboard,"*Just a little note, when I wrote the review I didn't realise it needed an internet connection to work.  Not a problem for me, but if your connection is wobbly you may wish to avoid until they put the offline stuff in*FInally got this game as the price dropped and I love it.  There's a problem with AI path finding that stops me doing anything other than messing around, but as it's still firmly in Beta I'm sure this will get fixed in time.So far I've played a single player game with some bots on sandbox ai, which basically means they don't do anything, leaving you free to mess around.  And mess around you can.  I built a massive army and then started building in space.  After a little confusion with some of the units I ended up with a builder vehicle on the next planet.  Step forward an hour and I had built around 4 engines on my way to flying the planet into the main one.It was at this point I read up about planets and which ones you can move.  Both planets were to big so I slaughtered the computer AI and started again.  This time I started creating my own galaxy and before long had various planets spinning around each other and the sun in the middle.  Starting the game showed my commander and the chaotic orbit of the other planets spinning around mine.Unfortunatly I'd run out of time, but I shall be back to fly my moon into the other planets and seeing what else I can do.  For £20 this game has an insane amount of gameplay, and it should only get better.  Personally I plan to mess around on my own for now and learn the gameplay, then on final release take on other players; I can see the path finding problems ruining proper games right now.  However if you buy this with some friends, there's a whole galaxy of messing around already waiting."
76561198090291290,Recommended,233250,9507043,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Tucker,"This game has lots of good things and a few bad things. The first good thing is the graphics are beautiful,the texture quality,and cool 3d sprites. The next good thing about is its not your usual RTS why you might ask, because you can fight on different planets you are never limited to on map also you can create your own solar system! Another good thing is the option to choose bots,air,or vehicles.The final good thing is its more of a traditionaly RTS, what that means is you have to build a base, manage your econmy,and create an army all at the same time. The first bad thing is there isn't alot of micro management and your units just blob together.The next bad thing is to beat an oppenents army all you really need is more units most of the time, sometimes this deosn't happen.The final bad thing is the price, 60$ is alot for the content the game has at the moment though it is gamma so they still have time to fix it."
,Recommended,233250,10221635,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Bread Tomato,"If you are having any graphical issues with this game, UPDATE YOUR DRIVERS. I had originally given this a thumbs down because nothing worked, but it was due to my outdated drivers lol.The game still has a long way to go, and i still absolutely despise the way every game is run through a server that can only last about 30-45 minutes before lagging up so bad that the game is unplayable.Aside from that, this game is fun as hell. Making the moon a weapon is hella fun"
76561198106017729,Recommended,233250,10253384,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Guvy62,i like the game but it wont let me onto some battles saying that i am not conected to the internet enventhough i have all mt internet bars full
,Recommended,233250,10260585,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,✪ The Caligula,Fantastic
76561198035125240,Recommended,233250,10264119,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Azzap,"Planetary Annihilation IS going to be a awesome game! i say 'IS' because right now, the game has lots of issues; it has some big performance issues, where the game would kind of freeze every so often, even if you have a very good pc, this still occurs- so i think its just a glitch since the game is in early development, it has some more issues, involving AI path finding and just usuall glitches. but hey, the game devs are working hard to make the game, and i think they have done a pretty good job! :)"
76561198062286519,Recommended,233250,8415525,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bobpoh4,"Love the game so much, keep up the good work guys!"
76561198067935159,Recommended,233250,8473361,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Jgoblin459,one of the coolest beta games I have ever seen
,Recommended,233250,8655609,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Blazed,"This game is on the path to true PC game awesomeness. Probably one of the very few early access games Ive gotten into that I didnt regreat. To top it off the developers really ARE trying to get it just right before they call it a release. The price seems high, but I can honestly say it's worth it."
76561198120306470,Recommended,233250,8949041,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,JohnDeMelon,this game is amazing u build your army and then attack but also u can make ur own solar systems to battle in. anither thing: u can add giant engines to a moon then make it collide with a planet!
,Recommended,233250,8981018,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,RubberDorky,"I can't wait to see this game blow up. Finally, a new real-time strategy game. It's good. Buy it if you like strategy gaming. Very balanced, loads of fun, modable, creative, ect. ect. ect."
76561198036183231,Recommended,233250,8989059,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Fufumine,"This game isnt complete but you can still enjoy it.At the beginning you can see an age of empires clone, but once you get more into the game you will enjoy it and see that their nothing alike.So yeah i'd say you should buy it even if it is in beta (be aware you need a beefy computer)."
,Recommended,233250,9050425,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,=VAC=Killers,"Planetary Annihilation really does live upto its name in the most obvious way. With planet smashing in the most epic way this game is full of strategy on a massive scale. Being able to build on multiple planets, smash moons into planets, build Orbital, Air, Land and Naval units the one thing that sticks out about this game really is the sheer scale of it. Name any RTS game you have ever played, and you are restricted to playing 1 map or 1 level for each skirmish battle but when it comes to Planetary Annihilation you are fighting skirmish battles across multiple planets at the same time simultanously. To put it in a different way it is like playing on serveral maps at the same time which no other RTS game has ever done before.PA is trying to completely re-define the genre on an epic scale with some really unique features one of which is smashing a moon into a planet to completely annihilate everything on that planet. This has never been done before in an RTS and the fact that its all on a sphere map/planet as well really adds a lot to the general feel of the gameplay. You have in your possession the standard Tech1 and Tech2 units you would expect from any modern RTS game with 2 types of resource, Metal and Energy. The game is definitely compared to the Supreme Commander series and takes a lot of elements from that series because the developers are the same that worked on those games, as well as working on the better Command & Conquer games so there is a big influience here so some features are the same, like the fact you use 1 commander unit which is your main unit, loose this unit and you've lost.There currently isn't a whole lot of different planet types out there, the procedual planet landscapes is insanely advanced, which means you'll never play the same match twich, well, the landscape anyway. Currently there is Lava / Earth / Topical / Desert and Ice planet biomes and the devs are supposed to be tweaking these and adding to them I believe. with so much of the game still left to do, its amazing whats already available in the early access.For early access the game is shaping up to be superb! but yes there are plenty of things that need to be worked on, performance is an issue and thats mainly because you need to be online and use the Ubernet servers while the game is still in an early access state but there is still a lot of work to be done in this area. Graphicly looks very good in my opinion, it has its own unique look and design which I think makes it attractive. I personally haven't really came across many bugs either which makes the gameplay experience that much better, I used to have an issue where the planet smashing would never work correctly but that was fixed for me in a January patch.There are plenty of videos / twitch streams and youtube videos as well as dev livestreams as well so go take a look at the videos of the game, see if you like it and if its a game you'd enjoy but trust me this game is absolutely fantastic I cannot say enough of this game. One of the things I'm most anticipaited and excited about is the modding capability of this game is absolutely insane, you'll be able to mod almost any and every aspect of this game on release which means you'll be able to create and mod in new units, buildings, game types, re-do new animations, total conversions, design and create entire new planet types and new planet biomes. The pure potential for this game is immense! and anything this game doesn't have someone out there will mod it in anyway, you will NOT regret getting this game and its simply the best RTS game I have played for years!! I was never this excited over an RTS game since 1994 for the original C&C game. I love it and I know so many people do, and you will too!!One last note, it doesn't show my actual hours I've played this game because currently there is a massive issue with the game and the steam overlay so I am currently using the uberlauncher to play it at the moment, if I had to guess I've probably clocked over 50hrs in total."
,Recommended,233250,9334004,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,F R Ξ Ξ Z Ξ R _,"Amazing fun, gets a bit laggy when you get quite far into a game but very fun none the less"
76561198030283393,Recommended,233250,9347528,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Pumpkin_PotatoSlayer,"The game look amazing.. but I can't play it. Just unable to select or click anything. When I try to select a unit, as soon as my cursor is on the unit, it just pops away. same thing happens when I try to press the buttons on the right side and the buildings at the bottom... I tough Omega was supposed to be working fine with just some features not ready! I want my money back! I just can't play it!"
,Recommended,233250,9387926,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Aischylos,"Really just an amazing game, I would highly reccomend getting it while it's still in developement, because it's very fun to play as the meta and balance change."
76561198085451781,Recommended,233250,10060545,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,olechan,this gamme is recomended to all my friends
76561197977496921,Recommended,233250,10203350,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,da1punisher,"This is very good, they just got it to feel more like the game is done with the basics and lots of artwork added, this helped the feel. But you should pick this up if you are into strategy games because this is one of the best to me.One last thing there is many original ideas in this giving it a just amazing feel to it like I said before."
76561197984917176,Recommended,233250,10204011,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,ChemicalS┼orm,Awesome Game if you like Starcraft and Counterstrike Games this game is the next great thing and I am having a great time even in Early Access It is a must have for your collection and you will get endless enjoyment from it.
76561198051491936,Recommended,233250,10224961,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Nightingale,AWSOME
76561198121810717,Recommended,233250,10236653,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,masterchief,The gameplay is solid but it has a tendincy to disconnect and bugout.
,Recommended,233250,10243687,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,[IHC] Yenski,Ever want to blow up Alderan?  Now you can.  Smash it with your death-moon.
,Recommended,233250,10245595,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Conky,"After playing this game for quite some time, there is only a single thought that I can relay as to how I am experiencing it's content: ""God Bless America""."
76561198122596713,Recommended,233250,10246532,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Spark Fury,Great strategy game. Love the building/development of armies and annihilating everything on the battlefield. One that will never be forogtten.
,Recommended,233250,10246955,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,JohnM,"buggy on linux, hope it gets improements"
,Recommended,233250,10247733,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Prospect Forever,"Total Annihilation was one of the better RTS of it's time.   The sheer number of strategies has always made it something of a favorite.  Planetary Annihilation does the same with it's bredth of options, but also introduces a whole new element.  The element?  YOU CAN CRASH ♥♥♥♥ING PLANETOIDS INTO YOUR ENEMIES!  That pretty much says it all."
76561197970264866,Recommended,233250,10251887,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,meb9796,"If you've played supreme commander 1 or 2 and even remotely liked it, you should be playing this game.  Each time you play the single player game, it will be different, which means this game can provide days and days of game play, with each game being a totally different experience.  I'm a huge fan of RTS games and this is a very fast paced game with the outcome changing in a few seconds when a base you didn't know about transports a 100 troops next to your base.  Again, days and days of fun with each game being totally different!!"
,Recommended,233250,10252085,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Magogli,"It's a GOOD game, but far from great. Now I know that it's Early Access, but really all that means is it's bugged to hell and we want you to pay for it. but nevertheless.OK so whilst playing Galactic War i've noticed that the Enemy AI is very easy. You make an army of 40, attack win. Repeative, if we could the enemy to attack our planets and have some of the stuff we saved there, that'd be great.No Skirmish! So theres no Skirmish missions, now yes you can go to multiplayer and play against a bot, but you can't save that.I'd much prefer to play for a few hours, stop, return to it and play the same game.And finally. DMR! It gets worse though, you can't play SINGLEPLAYER without an internet connection. It's brilliant!BUGS!  i've encountered numerous bugs, like not being able to link teleporters. Glitched Enemies on a lower plane. ( Metal worlds.)Overall 7/10"
,Recommended,233250,10255371,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,ahoneybun,Takes Sup Com 1 and 2 to a whole new level can't believe I waited so long to get it!
76561198021879273,Recommended,233250,10255652,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Hykaraku,The game is exactly what they made it to be. Hopefully this will only be the start of a large group of games.
,Recommended,233250,10261403,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,prefetch,get it
76561197979298199,Recommended,233250,10271350,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Lobreeze,game is good
76561197999849403,Recommended,233250,10275417,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,all_sauces_free,"I won by smashing someone elses planet into another commander and then my own populated one into the last enemy, 10/10"
,Recommended,233250,10288694,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Judelval,"This is really fun, and seemingly quite hard.  I'll admit I've never been a strong resource-management-game/sim player.  I've been watching the progression of PA development through alpha and beta.  Since they've hit gamma (yeah-- that's a bit of  stretch) and many of the early bugs have been worked out, the game is quite playable.  The devs are also in Kirkland, WA-- a stone throw from me so it's time to support them! The YouTube vids out there are informative as hell.  The AI is insanely good, because it doesn't have to stop and think for a moment.  It's a rush out of the gate to get the proper resources going without any hesitation and in a correct order so that your economy doesn't stall in the beginning at all.  I find I get flustered as things become massive, and while I'm expanding fast-- I'm not taking pot shots at the enemy soon enough and very quickly I'm overwhelmed and stomped into oblivion.  I would love to have a poor-intelligence AI level selection to at least learn the game more and get some understanding at what the various units can do, before a trial-by-fire of the real game.  Still, it's worth the time and energy to play it because I'm having a lot of fun.  Picked it up on a weekend discount, and I'm happy with the $30 purchase-- which makes this one of the costliest game purchases I've made in my sizable collection."
,Recommended,233250,10483216,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,gamerville9,This game is fun but you need a good computer to play it but it is fun and the new death ray is op Iv used it before and it looks asome it has earned its name PLANETARY ANNIHILATION.
,Recommended,233250,10677104,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Crackensan,"Being early access, it's buggy, glitchy, and the menues sometimes do and do not work.Matchmaking is buggy, and sometimes won't load matches or match lists.However, this game does have something going for it.  Underneith the bugs and the glitches, is a solid game.Worth investing in and help support this games future.  Has a big bright spot ahead of it!"
,Recommended,233250,10694595,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,boomguin,"As of today, just buy this. Buy it now. It's hard, it's brutal. But it's fun."
,Recommended,233250,10709296,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Lunar Howl,"If you enjoyed old Chris Taylor games like Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander, this spiritual successor is starting to get polished enoughto be a worthy heir. The micro and macro is quite insane, gets the adrenaline going a lot more than the usual RTS."
,Recommended,233250,10710706,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,radRadish,great game with great expectations i recomend it to anyone wanting to waste a few hours. The game is a bit buggy at times and the controls tend to stop working completely forcing you to restart the game. i have high hope for this game
,Recommended,233250,10710836,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,you got diciplined bro,"Needs updates to fix small things to improve player's initial experience with the game. A more refined tutorial would do wonders, along with a level that could introduce things more slowly to the player.After the moderate learning curve, you'll begin to start loving this game immediately. It is satisfying to watch your army grow and monopolize the planet, which is like a globe you can rotate.You start out with a commander, similar to the King chess piece, it is powerful but slow and if it dies you lose.Two resources are important, metal and energy. Energy powers your structures while metal allows to you produce units.The games economy is forgiving and will remind/encourage you to build more metal and energy plants as they become depleted. I like to stay on top of things by building a lot of energy cores, but everyone has their own style.To help someone just beginning with this game, I would recommend that you constantly focus on expanding and building a huge army. Build energy cores and vehicle plants.Multiplayer is good when you have a friend you can learn together with.Galaxy mode intermittently gives you new technologies to work with, such as bot, orbital and air, which allows you to build those units, respectively. I personally wouldn't recommend bots at their current stage, they are kinda weak. Don't forget to built Anti-Air units to support your ground army. Built laser turrets around sites which are farther away, or send a small army to protect them as needed.Overall, I would recommend this game. This game is amazing in it's current form and will be perhaps genre re-defining upon final release."
,Recommended,233250,10711000,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,FoxinSox,Hey this game is fun! camera controls are a little odd but once you get the hang of them the game becomes one of those RTS games like total war that you won't really forget :D and i got this on the Summer Sale so instead of like $50 it was $17
,Recommended,233250,10711295,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,BoxOfSnoo,Nice evolution of Total Annihilation.
,Recommended,233250,10716596,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,DroughtBringer,"This is an awesome game, even though it is still in beta. It has tons of strategey, and lots of fun blasting moons into planets. It took a while to get it to work for me, but it works so I'm not complaining. I would really recomend this game."
76561198095267616,Recommended,233250,10718011,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Battyoak,so much fun worth it have not done multiplayer yet but i hope it is as fun as galatic war singal player
,Recommended,233250,10718151,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Cimmeh,"Easily the best RTS out there at the moment. Battles are huge, strategy can make or break a match, and the complexity is solid without being too difficult for newbs to figure out what is going on. Although the game is still not 'finished,' the worst of the bugs have been ironed out and the game plays very well.The game also seems to have a good player base already, as there are always at least a few game lobbies open, with matches starting constantly. I highly recommend this to anyone who enjoyed Sup-Com or TA, as PA is made by the same crowd and is easily their best work to date. The game is already great, and I can only see it getting better from here!"
76561198010997120,Recommended,233250,10719290,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Moonlight Grimoire,"Played roughly two hours of this, it is a great RTS. It doesn't take much to pick this game up, it is very much like Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander, it is also far more forgiving than Supreme Commander so if SupCom was too much for you this is your game. Planetary Annihlation also plays much faster than SupCom so those who don't want two hour long games so far in my two hours of playing average game time was around 15 minutes.Honestly, this is a damn fine RTS."
,Recommended,233250,10722030,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Kepro,Hyvää ♥♥♥♥♥ii!
,Recommended,233250,10725082,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,HeroOfSparta,It is a very fun strategy game you fight and you can fly to different planets you can also build rocketts on the planets and launch them at each other to nock each other out
76561198081383107,Recommended,233250,10727473,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ShadowAssassin94,this game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks... im going to buy it
,Recommended,233250,10731416,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Palästinalied on repeat,"Really fun, when not REALLY unstable"
,Recommended,233250,10735624,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Javek,Very fun game. Fast paced strategy with great graphics!
76561197981162694,Recommended,233250,10743273,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,dog live ehT,Dis iz gud.  Bigga Orkka dakka dakka.
,Recommended,233250,10744120,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,LOTHS,"Early Access, so expect it to be bug ridden and unoptimized. The always-online requirement is kicking me out of single player games (unreliable connection on my part) and when I first started it up the language was set to Czech.Easily one of the best and best looking games I've played in a while though, so I have big hopes for this one, although I'd recommend either waiting until the game is released or on sale unless you have some spare money around to help the devs out a bit."
76561198022645620,Recommended,233250,10748535,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Thief of Kings,"I remember when I first saw this game on Kickstarter, and I though, ""Wow that looks really cool!""I then saw it was around $100 for early access on Steam, and decided to give it some time. It then went down to $50, and finally during the Steam Sale it came down to $25. I got the game, and convinced many of my friends to do so as well.We have not been disappointed. The game is absolutely fantastic! I have not had this much fun in an RTS is a long time. The game looks very nice, and runs extremely well for still being Early Access.To get right down to it, the game is just a blast to play with friends. Maneuvering your command around the system while your enemy throws moons at you. It leads to plenty of big ""WTF"" laughing moments as everyone.There are a few minor cons. When I first got it I had to update my driver to get the textures to show up, but that was easily fixed. Another issue would be the AI. It is hard . . . Like you are not going to win balls bustign hard. Even on the easyiest setting it is a challenge just to survive. What I really recommend is playing this with friends or strangers online. Finally since it is still in EARLY ACCESS not all of the promised feature are in the game, but as it stands it is a complete game in my eyes.All in all I regret not picking up this game sooner. It would have easily been worth the $50 price point, hell maybe even the $100 price. The game is fun, and has brought my friends and I a new game to bond over.Now if you will excuse me I have a moon I need to smash into another planet."
,Recommended,233250,10753818,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,diezc,"Totally recomended. There are of course some issues, at least on the Mac OS X version.The gameplay is totally new and different and the possibilities are endless. It however needs a singleplayer mode that allows you to practice and learn how to play. At first it is really hard to play. But once you get the hand of it, it is fun and enjoyable beyond belief. 100% worth it."
,Recommended,233250,10760049,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Rudhvelyn,HELL YESS THIS IS THE BEST RTS I HAVE EVER PLAYED IN THIS YEAR!
76561197997758191,Recommended,233250,10885716,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,McKickassx3,"Isch nice, da Supreme Commander mit Planeten."
,Recommended,233250,10887103,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Pickle Rick,This game is absolutely great. I have encountered very few bugs involving actualy gameplay which I find impressive for a game still in development. Some balance issues between different units but everyone has the same disadvantage.
76561198006448877,Recommended,233250,10887187,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Ephron,its fun planet smashing hijinks at its finest
76561198101769733,Recommended,233250,10887342,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ApodinhO,tem planetas e panz e tudo maisbla bla blabla bla blabla bla blabla bla blabla bla bla
76561198027025567,Recommended,233250,10890309,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,"Araponga, o camera do Mais Você",As a lover of RTS games I became stunned by Planetary Annihilation. It's different from any other game since you don't get stuck to a single map but have to battle accross a whole solar system! In Planets and your moons.Minimap? Forget it. You have a mini screen to help you control your units in other planet (or moon) otherwise would be impossible to accompany the game's pace.
76561197965668846,Recommended,233250,10902615,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,SSA| .:Oh Yea:.,Brilliant!
76561198035445692,Recommended,233250,10241581,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Pontius Pilatus,"Very Promising game so far, it has the potential to become a perfect successor to TA with a few UI improvements, more content at launch and some graphical optimizing."
76561198065310694,Recommended,233250,10244229,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Snakesauer,such good
,Recommended,233250,10245400,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,eaj9988,"With as of writing I have played this game for 70 hours I feel I have some authority to write a review. If you can see pass the glitches it is a great game but I'm warning you, CLEAR YOUR CALENDER! because once you play one round you will be hooked. What's it like? Ever played supreme commander? It's that on a larger scale.But much more fun because of the added features and all the other things they have."
76561197965942792,Recommended,233250,10246990,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,TehStewy,"Ok, So I am by all accounts a Annihilation fan-boy. From Total Annihilation. up to Supreme Commander II. (Hell even Total Annihilation : Kingdoms) And when I first got PA I knew it was in beta but still had a lot of fun with it. I didn't play it much because it just didn't grab me. Today I played the ""Galactic War"" single player mode. It is amazingly fun and addictive. If you enjoyed any of the previous titles. I highly recommend getting this asap. the scope of possibilites for this game are huge and they seem to know it and are constantly pushing it further. GG, see you all in game."
76561197984367686,Recommended,233250,10247185,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,🥞,ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ The servers are down ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ
76561198059316315,Recommended,233250,10248306,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,SamAdams15,"Complete waste of money! I know it is not finished and still has bugs but if you are going to sell it to people, it at least needs to be usable!! Planets will not load and servers constantly go down without warning."
,Recommended,233250,10250995,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,TerrorStorm,"I really feel that Ubergames have achieved what they set out to do when they set up the kickstarter. A nice clean UI, and look. Notable issues are, the planet smashing animation not rendering properly. A few AI mess ups and connection to other players via the friend chat bar.  Overall so far i'd give it a solid 8/10."
,Recommended,233250,10252980,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Lacrossin2006,"Still a work in progress game, but I totally love it.  It hits every button that Total Annihilation hit for me when I was in middle/high school (so... about 10-15 years ago lol), but still adds fresh elements that totally (ha) keep the game interesting.  I don't know how they did it, but they tweaked some of the gameplay mechanics from Supreme Commander to get it feeling a bit more tactical again, and not so incredibly sloggy where you just send wave upon wave upon wave of armies at your adversaries, and it's useless to try and keep tabs on individual battles.  With PA, it seems worth it to individually guide raiding parties against opponents in order to maximize tactical outcomes while simultaneously managing your large strategic buildout.Keep in mind, I've only played a few hours of single player thus far, but it already hits all the right buttons for me!  The only criticism I would maybe add would be that the sound effects need a bit more punch, a la Total Annihilation, as well as the explosions.  The white flashes of explosions in TA seemed a bit more visceral than the slightly more cartoony ones in this game.  Again, audio: more boom boom, less pew pew."
76561198071750681,Recommended,233250,10253045,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,BlightOfPowers,"This is an amazing game, I have been playing it since the beta and seen how the devolpers have progressed in a few months pushing out new patches.  This game is still in early access but to me it feels like a full game, the Ai is difficult and the mulitplayer is definatly an expirence unique to this game with air, vehicle, bot, naval, and orbital units.  This game is absolutely worth the price.  It does take some practice to be able to play the game to the fullest but when you can utteraly Annihiliate an opponent in half an hour you feel pretty good about yourself, even if you do get Annihilated later on in the game.Overall I have been playing this game throughout the beta and gamma and the devs have been working hard on this title makeing it more refined every update.  I would totaly reccomend this game if you have a liking for strategic and tactical games, but only you can deside if it is truely worth it."
76561198029262203,Recommended,233250,10255564,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Zarek,"Damn, i play this franchise since Total Annihilation and this game as it successor does its job perfectly.The scale is huge: multiple planets of multiple environments and sizes; wars waged in the air, land, sea and the orbit; As far as I seen games are up to 10 players by now - if you turn on dynamic alliances, it gets really interesting.Want to smash some guy with that asteroid over there? Here you go! Or maybe sneaky-style-teleport-your-units-behind-their-lines? Sure! What about frying them up using an orbital death ray? You have it all.It even works smoothly on my kind of outdated PC, no matter how huge the battle is. BUY IT!"
,Recommended,233250,10258528,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,[UHA] Meanie Greenie,"Being a Supreme Commander (Amazing game) fan, this game was like a huge sequeal to it.  Simply, land, air, navel, and orbitial units like tanks, bombers, battleships, and laser turrets in orbit above a planet can be used in mass amounts for TOTAL ANNIHILATION. Wars on 4 fronts!  It's quality is amazing and almost never lags, (Lag Spike around once every two hours) even with my slowish laptop amazingly!  The game is worth the cash however, expect many glitchs and freezes because of its heavy devloping. 10/10  Suggestion: Add something like a Co-Op Campaign or even a type of deathmatch with two teams of 4 players and the ability to join alliances/teams in that gamemode.  The alliances/teams go around to fight other alliances/teams. Maybe call it Galactic Alliance?"
76561198021617576,Recommended,233250,10259326,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Fundahl,"Planetary Annihilation is an awesome RTS that gives you a unique playground for strategy by leaving an entire Solar System at your fingertips for conquest. If you enjoy Command&Conquer, Starcraft, Age of Empires, etc this will feel like a whole new level of strategic depth."
76561198052899867,Recommended,233250,10267890,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,mgaff88,"i love this game, wether you like RTS and micro-management, big explosions or just flat out destruction, this game is for you, sure this games expensive, but its worth it, this is one of my new favorite games, and with galactic war implementation, theres also single player at a manageable difficulty, this game has tons and tons of content allready, and is adding more, i give it 11/10 and highly reccomend it to anyonequick note, this is 1 game where i cant stress enough to check the specs, as its a waste of money to buy a game this expensive then only be able to run it at 1 fps, or not at all"
76561198065950476,Recommended,233250,10268055,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Hashtastic,"I had given this game a thumbs down until the recent update/new content was released. after a quick run through i was pretty happy with the results. my previous complaints were mostly with the low fps making the game unplayable, but the devs have really seemed to cleaned it up ALOT. i can actually play the game now and i like what i see. think supreme commander on speed and you have an idea of what this game offers. i especially like how the AI doesnt go easy on you like most RTS titles out there. by the time ive built my first dozen  tanks the AI has its own to match plus some aircraft making the whole thing feel challenging. the only real complaint is pathfinding. i hate seeing my units get filed down to a single file line just because of a rock formation, but thats not a big deal. overall, if you like supreme commander you'll probably like this game too."
76561197982650238,Recommended,233250,10277073,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Dr3amk1ll3r,the concept and ideas are great but its soooooo beta and lags like hell they really need to upgrade there system intergration so this games starts taking advantage of  systems with large amounts of ram and use more than 1 core in a 4 core system.hile i was playing the single player in slowmotion i noticed that i was only using  15 % of my cpu and only 35 % of my ram.im betting that this game runs on the harddisk instrad of most modern games that all load most of the needet data into the ram  to run the game from.when this game is fixed it will be awesome so i hope they pick up the pace and get the hardware problems fix soon =)
76561198081327700,Recommended,233250,10280728,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Donald J Trump,Its pretty decent repetitive but as expected with an rts if you liked supreme commander i reccomend picking it up
,Recommended,233250,10281893,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,_JAKE_,"Pretty fun game, servers cannot handle very large scale events but that looks to change for the future. Wars are quite complex to a point but then the game tends to just drag out. Very cool system designer with alots of customization but you need to keep in mind that the servers cannot handle a full blown solar system with a giant planet that has 30 somethings moons. Besides that short note the game is overall pretty decent at its current state, is it worth $50.00 currently? Hell no but for its potential then yes i reccomend you go and buy this game if you are able to.-Jake"
76561198013109770,Recommended,233250,10546639,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Two Seagulls Loudly Mating,Awesome game but it is recommended to put all past tense RTS games behind you this game introduces you into a whole new world of hurt in RTS games. Good Luck!
76561198059140562,Recommended,233250,10616468,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,CorMazz,Planetary Annihilation is an amazing game that is still being developed and will only continue to get better.
,Recommended,233250,10673688,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,GangreenEVO,In my opinion: Hands down the best RTS ever.The occasional crash is to be expected from a game that is still under heavy development.10/10.
,Recommended,233250,10678994,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Fidel Cashflo,Best RTS out there and it's still not done yet pls buy
,Recommended,233250,10679233,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Nexuz™,"Just bought this game with a friend. We played 2v2 vagainst Ai, we got our asses handed to us and the♥♥♥♥♥♥was so real that it froze our games and we got annihilated. 10/10 will play again"
76561198110759751,Recommended,233250,10680532,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Jimmy Jam,A little internet intensive but a good game (but get it on sale
,Recommended,233250,10680963,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,zenFish,"FYI, needs to be connected to internet 24/7, in single player. Which, kinda a pain, when you're having internet issues."
76561198083834677,Recommended,233250,10688592,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,M11,addicting...very fast paced.nice
76561198016790486,Recommended,233250,10690112,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Chewy,"As it stands now, could use some better camera controls, servers are slow to respond, however its fun as balls. Not to keen on the way tech is introduced in galactic war mode, but meh"
76561198049238131,Recommended,233250,10692526,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,my CAR KEYS,by far the best RTS i have played .... but the price is a little high. Buy it on sale!!!!
,Recommended,233250,10692692,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,insano,"I can't play the game because of the constant stuttering/hitching that occurs the entire time. Every few seconds, everything locks up for about 1-2 seconds. It's impossible to play and extremely frustrating. Fixing this problem would make this an extremely fun game and I can see it's huge potential. I hope the developers are at work on this problem because I've seen plenty of other people complaining about the same issue, and it's a shame to see such an excellent game ruined by such an intrusive bug."
76561198049500622,Recommended,233250,10692838,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,King Wizod,"Just got this game and love it. Not a super rts fan but have like some in the past such as Age of Empires, some of my best childhood memories. Due to early acess there are bugs and annoying glitches but my opinion is you have to buy this game."
,Recommended,233250,10694426,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,VAC BAN HACKER MAN,THIS GAME IS GREAT BUT I SUCK AT IT
76561198034170004,Recommended,233250,10696854,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Juz,good♥♥♥♥♥♥mon get on it
76561198019205699,Recommended,233250,10697765,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,DumboSki,Very fun but still lagging in the early stages when big battles are happening. Still very fun to play with friends.
76561198032669314,Recommended,233250,10699671,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Bjørn,WORST game eVER!!!!!!!!!!! (if u build to much the game will stop working and the FPS DAMMMM SOOON  u need al least another 2 year's of develop) i belive if i was stupid enought to buy it with 100$ i shold blow my brain up!!!!
,Recommended,233250,10702615,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Silver Kestrel,"You can smash moons into planets, enough said."
76561197985719927,Recommended,233250,10703921,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Enok,Once again this genre has made my computer feel inferior.  Thank you for an excuse to upgrade.
76561198051760793,Recommended,233250,10705682,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Stringless-Pupp,Well aside from getting totally annilitated in like 20 minutes of Galactic War... This is Awesome!!!!
,Recommended,233250,10709386,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,kwspro,"I've put in a few hours or so. Definately harkens back to the endless nights I spent playing Total Annihilation when I was a pre-teen.Major issue concerning interplanetary assaults. Please correct me if I'm wrong, but there doesnt seem to be any way to attack a conquered planet or moon without a sh*t ton of transports. If said planet or moon is heavily defended, a stalemate is easily reached. Please, for the love of god, there needs to be a way of attacking another moon or planet from your established base that compliments whatever invasion force you build. Cannon, missiles, whatever.All dramatics aside, this is shaping up to be fantasballs."
,Recommended,233250,10720379,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Choo-Choo,The name of the game explaining everything by it's self!It's a unique game! I never saw something like that! You can just blow up planets by sending asteroids to them or you can use old school like nuke!Pluses:- Good Optimisation (no need in powerful pc (my laptop giving really good FPS)- Good graphics!- Water/Ground/Air/Space war!- Robots :3! (Who don't like robots? They are cute! )- BADASS explosions! ( Admit it: everybody like to watch nuke explosions or how asteroid gettin' in orbit of the planet and killing everything in there!)Minuses:- Big price (50$ too expensive)- Long planet generation (Sometimes it's borinng to wait when generation gonna finish)- Game still in Early Access but it looks like game fully finished!That's it! The end! I Fully recommend this game!
,Recommended,233250,10720603,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,xenonquark996,"This game. crashes. every. time. On mac and possibly other computers. Fix it and I will play it. Other than that, good game."
,Recommended,233250,10725568,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Two Cups of Vegetable Oil,It's Supreme Commander in space.
76561197966543155,Recommended,233250,10725974,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,McGarnagle,A more spherical Supreme Commander. I love it.
,Recommended,233250,10728424,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Almaravarion,"Love it, great reenvisioning of good old Total Annihilation, beautiful soundtrack, interface seems also to be well thought of; Can't wait to see final version, while idea is not new, an old idea was made new with addition of interplanetary combat, bonus points for being able to quite literally drop a moon on someone."
,Recommended,233250,10729716,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Andee,Plays similar to Supreme Commander :)
76561198020922134,Recommended,233250,10729906,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,[A-A]The Great Pochongz,this is a great game
,Recommended,233250,10732118,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,BorschtBoy89,Remember when this game was $80? And now it's on sale for $17? Haha... yep. I bet the people that payed $80 sure got a lot out of that bare bones alpha too.Good times... Money.
,Recommended,233250,10734739,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Casper,Got about two hours into my third try. Was doing pretty well. Just figured out how to travel off world then -BAM-!!! Hit by a planet in my prime. I was so young! Why did I have to go!
,Recommended,233250,10735044,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,deck°↑,"Been watching this grow for a long time.  Finally went for it with the summer sale.  Awesome game, still needs some fine tuning but it's there.  Great concept and basis for a RTS"
,Recommended,233250,10741718,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Largos,"Really fun, but really hard to master."
,Recommended,233250,10743188,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,[IN] Herr Kommandant Lenno,My first victory was won by using a planet as a weapon... GAME OF THE YEAR 10/10!
76561198045819062,Recommended,233250,10744178,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Ryan34951,10/10 would invade many moons again
,Recommended,233250,10752117,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,uscgpa,Fun to play while still in Early Access. Some small annoyances with tech sometimes repeating while you're trying to collect it randomly. Overall worth the money and time.
76561197987818189,Recommended,233250,10762390,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Frosty,"Supreme Annihilation Planatery commander!I'll be straight with you, I bought this game knowing that there will be similarities with the the much beloved Supreme Commander series but this is just wow. This is supreme commander with cell shaded (I think) graphics and a watered down tech tree, I mean even the units look so similar. How the devs are doing this and making the game so damn fun and engrossing is a mystery to me.Anyways the good -EXPLOSIONS (especially the moon into a planet kind)!Familiar and satisfying gameplay.appealing graphics ( I really like the graphics, a total oppisite from today's trend of uber gritty realistic graphics)Easy micromanagment.The Bad -Horde mentality and strategy (fastest builder with the fastest horde will likey win)Simple tech tree (I hope this improves as the games is completed)A.I. (Sometime it's stupid , sometimes it smashes you so fast that it feels like cheating).The game is not finished and will probably (hopefully) improve and mature and grow into a classic grand rts.For the asking price of 10-15 bucks (steam sale) buy it, play it, have a blast and SMASH SOME PLANETS!"
,Recommended,233250,10817440,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Vitruvian,"Planetary Annihilation is definitely an evolution from from the normal RTS games like Starcraft. Not being confined to a single playing field expands the scope of play for a more complex level of RTS, not really seen before. Not to mention the very different ways in which one can getto play; Ground, Air, Orbital, etc., which kinda makes it reminiscent of FTL. Looking forward to playing a good amount more and really getting into it."
76561198032120956,Recommended,233250,10824918,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Kevlar,"This game is crazy at first, battles everywhere: ground, air, in orbit, planet to planet, just a micromanagement nightmare, crazy right! But once you get the hang of it, its super fun. Best with a friend. Still Early Access but still can't wait to see how it turns out when its complete."
76561198038164568,Recommended,233250,10831538,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,KarPoS,"Be warned this is a BETA version STILL! The game was released over a year ago and it still has issues, see below:-Units will get stuck behind and next to buildings, with no way to get them free-Units will forget build orders and/or only build half of what you tell them-Units will forget patrol or attack orders and just stop at random points on the map-If a Builder is attempting to build something, and another unit is in it's way it will not inform you of the issue, nor is the unit which is in the way smart enough to move out of the way to allow the construction to proceed-Has trouble connecting to the sever, which is needed for single player games as well, often times have to save and leave and come back to continue with a battleI am not sure why after more than a year the game still behaves like a Beta. I am even more confused after playing it, since most of these issues were addressed and correct in the later Supreme Commander and Supreme Commander 2. Surely Planetary Annihilation can tailor those fixes for their use, or at least use them as a reference point. I hope that at some point, maybe within the NEXT year, they correct these issues.Despite all these issues, I do recommend the game, it is a fun RTS with a mix of many elements from various industry leading games, such as the Supreme Commander I previously mentioned. It also offers many multiplayer and co-op options. This games will certainly entertain you for hours,  while it both frustrates and thrills you.My final recommendation is to buy this game ONLY if on sale. In its current state it is NOT worth the current list price of $49.99. I bought it during the Steam Summer Sale and got it 66% off, or $16.99. If you can by for 50% or more off, I say go for it. You should be pleased."
76561198072286572,Recommended,233250,10837142,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Candescence,Brilliant game but somewhat glitchy and bugged though the game is still not fully released as of yet.
,Recommended,233250,10844655,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Eric aka Julian,"It's a fun game! It was my first RTS, so I can't compare it to anything else, but it's pretty easy to learn, action-packed, and great to play with friends."
76561198047898026,Recommended,233250,10851811,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,H010CR0N,"This game ia beautiful, but I won't reccomend it to a person who doesn't like RTS. Fun and exciting"
76561198008694121,Recommended,233250,10886106,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,JDUK,Planetary Annihilation has a 'coherent ui a modern user interface library for games has stopped working' error/bug on start up with no fix or support. DON'T BUY!
76561198055708917,Recommended,233250,10887473,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Crixe,I might not have played this one as much as I did the first Total Annihilation but I can say the game needs tweaking well the early access verson I got into sure did. I haven't put more time into it yet mainly because when I first first played it it was so hard I could barely even figure out the game before getting totatlly annihilated by the PC they added adjustments so you could scale the difficulty down and make it playable and that's been a big improvement I'm likely going to hold off on the game more till the Beta is complete.
,Recommended,233250,10894383,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,amannim,"Total Annihilation with planets. VERY FAST paced RTS, requires extensive knowledge of keyboard commands. 'Regular' AI is aggressive. Love it!"
76561197970361440,Recommended,233250,10896423,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,RoadKill,"I cannot think of a more final way to proclaim 'You Lose' than by crushing your opponent with another planet.This is surprisingly fun game. I've been playing the Galactic War for a few days now and the first loadout/powerup I found was a Sub-Commander which is an AI teammate that helps you in all planetary wars. I found (ymmv) the S.C. be fairly efficient in one planet wars and most of the matches never lasted longer then 15 minutes. As soon as I was in a system with three planets and an enemy commander on all of them the S.C. wasn't the most useful tool in the shed. While I applaud his efforts for at least trying ONCE to send a fabricator over and build a teleport that is where the usefulness ended. It would also be nice if they would use my teleport or if I could link up one of my teleport ends to the S.C.'s teleport and then they would use it. Since we are on the same team that would be helpful.The S.C.'s do have an issue with endlessly spawning units but then again I do as well, the only difference is I send them somewhere to balance out the population.The game does get laggy when you start having a lot of units, which happens very quickly especially if you have more than one S.C. and enemy Commander. I think that could be improved if only the units on the planet you were focused on were rendered and the positional data for the others were stored.I find a lot of the time that the terrain is my greatest foe as the units will end up rolling or getting pushed off an edge and into an area where they cannot leave. While losing five or ten to this isn't a big deal in the grand scheme of things when you have hundreds of them rushing the front line, I cannot help but feel that these lost units will be shunned after the war.The game is still in a Gamma state so there is time to resolve any outstanding bugs/problems. It also looks like the updates are coming fairly regularly.Bottom line, if you enjoy a massive war, with explosions, far too many units and the possbility of smashing planets together you should get this game. I picked it up for $16 on the Steam Summer Sale and it is worth it."
76561198080922350,Recommended,233250,10945474,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mart Part,Its a Great game alot like supcom 2 but different in many ways crashes all the time on mac though
,Recommended,233250,10946912,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,EpyonAC,Fun and fast paced epic scale RTS.  Can't wait to see what is still to come.
76561198038923535,Recommended,233250,9134937,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,CcaidenN,"Planetary Annihilation has an awesome concept; an RTS game on a massive scale. Where you can command armies of massive proportions. Battles can be absolutely epic. The destruction is endless with the use of nukes, and even propelling small planets into the heart of your enemies base. But, because the game is still in beta, there are a lot of issues. From units getting stuck and unable to do, to random slow downs, to A LOT of graphical problems, just to name a few. When a game has it's sights set so high, problems like this are bound to happen. While these problems are irritating, the game has a lot of potential and is still fun to play in it's current state. I bet my money that the final product is going to be awesome. Can't wait!"
76561198011801755,Recommended,233250,9161807,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,HazzMadd,"You can *literally* crash a planet into another planet. ♥♥♥♥ nukes, I'm launching an asteroid at Russia."
76561197966963273,Recommended,233250,9186982,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Olydark,"This game is still an early beta build, and is buggy and missing features.  It is still one of the most inspired and ambitious RTS projects I have ever played, even without many of the features that will be added.  If you loved the first SupremeCommander, then this game is definitely for you.  It is that and sooooo much more.  The scale is unbelievable."
76561198005351852,Not Recommended,233250,17616999,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Dr. Greenman The Scary Scientist,"""Expansion""That's a lie"
76561198109767277,Recommended,233250,9310396,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Gladius Delta,"This game, is Amazzzing. in other rts games you nuke people. in this game you drive PLANETS INTO OTHER PLANETS!!! The only con for me is that it crashes if you are playing on a system with 5+ planets. overall the pros demolish the cons and this game is worth spending $40USD"
76561198050823170,Not Recommended,233250,17674846,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Neill Kiggers,Good Job Uber. You turned on those who supported you. Multiplayer is basicly non existant unless you have Titans. Which is nothing more than features and updates that should of been in the original game for free. The game crashes regularly and is in an unfinished state. Need I say more?
76561198074343281,Recommended,233250,9844148,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Limsicle,Very good game and love to camp on moons. Massive rocket boosters on an asteroid...? Count me in! I can tell that although this game is in gamma stage it will come up to be a really great game!
,Recommended,233250,15825902,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,darktrooper4,"game is good very fun to play, but does have its problems. i have 8 gigs of ram and i running on all low settings but still encounter freezing and crashing. continually told that im running out of memory when i have plenty. over all a great game im just hoping for it to be better optimized and run a little smoother."
,Recommended,233250,15803416,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Soup Crab,"Killed myself with a planet by accident, lost the campaign.10/10 would commit suicide with a planet again."
76561198057808938,Recommended,233250,15813217,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Meechan007,"I may not have played this game very much but i can say that it is a very good game. It may not be supreme commander, It may have even removed some of the features in supreme commander but it is a step in the right direction for what a strategy game should be. It may not be worth £22.99 but is definitely worth up to £15."
,Not Recommended,233250,11997739,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,5 Bears On Patrol,"Unfinished. Crashes often, and judging from the forums, I'm not the only one with problems."
,Not Recommended,233250,17681476,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Mausterio (Main),"The developers abandoned updating this game and releases a ""NEW version of this game"" for the full retail price of this game.  The features in this NEW version were promised in THIS game not another game that I would have to buy.  Not including that a ton of bugs that were promised to be fixed have not, BUT if you buy the NEW $50 game they are fixed? Come on, even EA wouldn't pull a stunt like this.  If the developers needed more money, fine I get that, but to ask for $50 for essentially the same game but some bug fixes and new ""Titans""?I had a lot of faith in this game because their isn't a ton of new rts games coming out, but this has definetly made me lose all my respect for Uber Entertainment. I am very disappointed in this and if I still had less than 2 hours in the game I would have refunded it.  I'd stay far away from this developer because they have proven that they do not care about their community but how much money they can pump as fast as possible."
76561198036346071,Not Recommended,233250,17683674,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Iceman10,The developers of this game are stealing our money. I will never buy a game again from them. Simple as that.
76561197971226596,Not Recommended,233250,17681650,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Murder Boner,a perfect example of why you shouldn't buy early access games. A large scale supreme commander type game which promised much and delivered little. Promised features were later released as an expansion. Do not fund this game
,Not Recommended,233250,17666182,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,tactical gal,"76 hours.I really wanted to like this game, apparently."
76561198081660048,Not Recommended,233250,17682453,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Mr Sergal,Sign that petition to break that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pay wall:https://www.change.org/p/uber-entertainment-planetary-annihilation-titans-stop-making-us-pay-for-what-we-already-paid-forStep 1. Sign the petitionStep 2. Paste this post everwhere
,Not Recommended,233250,17684346,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Slaave,"Why should I have torebuy a gamewith content that should have already been included, or at least added as dlc to this game. Thenewly released gameIs just a copy paste with new units that are just scalled up in size. If you want to support bad buisness practice go and waste your money onPlanetary Annihilation:Titansinstead if you actually want ""better"" content."
,Not Recommended,233250,17685107,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,CarlosG|Flicka DaT Wrist,"Bought this game for 4.99€Allright game, cool to play with friends, I was never a great player.2 months later instead of getting the game better and updating it, they just put a new ""Game"" (DLC) in the store for like 2187495099138 kazzilion $$$$Now ♥♥♥♥ you Uber, and ♥♥♥♥ your ♥♥♥♥ing policies. If you make a freaking game just stick with it, try to make it better and maybe, just maybe people will enjoy your damn game and buy the sequels.I do not recomend this piece of garb*sh nor I aprove this company's behaviour.Have a great day all. :salty_as_♥♥♥♥:"
76561198045458889,Recommended,233250,11111771,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,BlueAce87,"Great game, not very good at it but i'm sure i'll get the hang of it 1 day"
,Recommended,233250,11111998,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Lemonscented,"A fantastic successor for Total Annihilation, any RTS fan or TA fan will not be disapointed."
,Recommended,233250,11128402,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,socialism2020,"This game clearly draws inspiration from Supreme Commander and Total Annihilation before it- and yet it innovates far beyond. It is rough around the edges, but it shows lots of promise. Highly recommended."
76561197986732936,Recommended,233250,11130606,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Σ π Ω,"Steam Really needs a 'maybe' button for reviews of Early Access games.I think I can see where the devs are going with this one, and I'll probably like it. I've logged over 1,000+ hours on Total Annihilation and another 1,600+ hours on Supreme Commander, so this game should be right up my alley.Niggling worries/issues:- The planets are too small and force close quarters combat. This is a trend in contemporary RTSs that I despise (think Dawn of War, Star Craft, Company of Heroes, etc. No real Turtling allowed)- No tutorial mission that lets you get your feet wet before digging in. Thus you are probably going to get run-over by 200+ units in your first few games before you even get an understanding of the flow and mechanics. “Oh hey look at this cool factory I can build... Oh God the Sea of Enemies!!!!!!”- Normal AI is slow to progress yet unrelenting in its actions. 15 minutes in the AI may finally start to build it's first factory, but by 30 it is throwing 100+ waves of bombers at you. Hope you are spamming fighters and AA ground.... kinda forces you to rush or surrender.- Navigating around the world is still kinda clunky. The arrow keys do allow you to move the camera. Though, as it is a globe you are on, the camera can get re-oriented and you may think you are sending troops at the enemy to the south, but instead you send them west... There is an option to lock the camera to a polar orientation so that the keys move you North/South and East/West. You won't get disoriented but it can hamper you getting a good view. Adding 'rotate camera' keys might fix this.- You can accidentally suicide your commander with a single key stroke.... Delete I think. That needs to go away.- In Galactic War you will constantly be out-teched. Again, if there was a tutorial, maybe it'd be okay, but when you're being bombarded by long range artillery and all you have are light tanks, it gets a little old...- Different commanders are just for looks? What's up with that?- On-line only play? Grrr Grumble Shnarf.- No way to slow the game down to better react to the incoming armies?All this being said, I have great hopes for the game.- Moving your commander off world and attacking the enemy though a 'foot hold' base is a super fun tactic. Just make sure they can't land forces on your new world.- Music is Epic.- Aesthetic is spot on, simple in form and texture, yet detailed in lighting and function.- Once you start getting used to the peculiarities of the game the combat flow is quite good. It will take a while to get used to fighting on a globe...In the end I expect most of my gripes will be addressed by the time they are done developing the game.- I already know that being On-Line only is just until they are able to do a full release. As the Devs have already confirmed that it will be off-line playable when they are done. (Helps with debugging I guess)- I'd assume that once they get the game near ready to launch they will make a tutorial mission to better teach players what to do. It's not really a 'core mechanic' after all, so it's not a priority.- AI will probably be tweaked and improved, if not, I'm sure modders will probably make their own. (Sorian AI anyone?)- I'm sure that underpinnings for planets and solar systems either are in a state where larger ones can be made or may be made to accommodate larger battle fields. (Come on, who doesn't want to fight across a 6 planet system where each planet is ~20K x 20K and there are multiple moons of 10K x 10K size or less??? Sup Com equivalents, I know... but you know what I mean. HUGE! XD) And if not, again, I'm sure modders will take care of that.- As for the camera thing, well if we get rotation buttons, then I'm sure it'll be okay. Having a full globe to fight over is quite a bit of a paradigm shift in tactics and navigation, it will take a while to adapt. I'm up for it. :)Mostly I'll be tinkering with it until launch and really sink my teeth in then. Why have a 2 oz. calf fillet now when you can wait and have a 16 oz. Porter House later? My internet connection is buggy so I can't dedicate much time to it now, but I'll update this review on launch.In the end I expect it to be a good game. If you want to jump in now; go for it. It's fun enough as-is. If you want to support the Devs and give them more money to make the game, come on in. If you are waiting for the next TA or SC:FA; wait. Let those of us who paid for it see if it lives up to the legacy.I will say, this is thankfully no SupCom 2, and it might just be worth your money for that. May that blasphemy burn in eternal hell fire."
,Not Recommended,233250,17676848,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Frantos,"I have seen some dodgy developers in the past, but Uber takes the cake!First they make a game that falls short to their promises and it is riddled with bugsSecond they have the audacity to make a kickstarter for another RTS that was later cancelledThen finally they pull Planetary Annihilation from Steam and now only sell their ""Expansion"" for $40I am completely done with Uber and all of their future games."
76561198062702715,Not Recommended,233250,17604431,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,iTimme,"First of all, I´m not very good atRTS games in total, but ilike to play them. And i also liked this game and played it, for my standards , a decent time. But I definitly dont like the marketing of Uber. I think they should improve the performance, before adding paid content for this game. And also it´s cool they implemented some sort of asteroids in the game, but not as I imagined they would, They aren´t even close."
76561198063354038,Not Recommended,233250,17606014,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,MYNAMEISALLCAPITALS,This game was not worth the 30 dollars I paid for it and now that they are burning everyopne by releasing Titans and we still have to pay for it.
,Not Recommended,233250,17608250,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Caboose,There is a reason why you can't buy this game anymore.
,Not Recommended,233250,17609239,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,lwinsanity,Nice until you start to use different planets and a large amount of units.
76561198036666426,Not Recommended,233250,17619732,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,sizzlemon,"looks great doesn't it! Don't be decieved. I thought we were going to get a old school multi faction rts but instead you get a game were all the units behave in exactly the same way tanks, scouts whatever.The real problem though is the interface which looks great in the video but round planet surface makes the game impossible to play. Its really difficult to control and monitor units except in the most zoomed out screen modes. So in the end you just end up playing a very, very boreing game of dots vs dots.This is no supreme commander sucessor."
76561198173241815,Not Recommended,233250,17619859,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Crucify the Thots,"Looked cool in the trailer, yet with all the bugs it isnt worth the money, they really should have added the ""dlc"" or the titan expansion pack to the game with no charge since the regular game itself isnt worth the money. This game is a digrace to the company that made it, i dont see why they released this game with so many bugs"
,Not Recommended,233250,17619935,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,MANightshadow,"Here's the deal, The game alone is buggy and glitchy and shouldnt even be called a completed game, but now they have released an expansion! That fixes all issues!!!... except its an additional $39 to fix the the mess ups that they have made... I bought this game already and this is complete theft."
,Not Recommended,233250,17636599,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,kamikaziechameleon,"A total technical mess.  This is a review really late in the game, over a year after launch and many players are still encountering such sever stability issues general play is impossible.  There is some sort of goofy DRM in the game that bumps me out of offline matches for loss of connection to the server.   This is only one of a number of stability issues that have kept me from ever being able to play ever since I got the Beta of this game for a premium on steam.  I just saw the new expansion and wanted to see if they had fixed the core issues with the game before picking it up and no they haven't.The design is good to potentially great but the technical execution is criminal.  I haven't played a game this busted since the 90's."
76561198077581597,Not Recommended,233250,17636832,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,RoboticGamrYT,i cant get into the game when i press yes for valve it never loads and when i press no i can get into the game but once i start a match it quits
76561198113503544,Not Recommended,233250,17637948,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,SUPERSUCC,"All i gotta say is,""What began as a conflict over the transfer of consciousness from flesh to machines, escalated into a war which has decimated a million worls. The Core and the Arm have all but exhausted the resources of the galaxy in there struggle for domination. Both sides now crippled beyond repair, the remnants of there armies continue to battle on ravaged planets, there hatred fueled by over four-thousand years of total war.This is a fight to the death. For each side the only acceptable outcome is the complete elimination of the other.""Do you remember, Cavedog? Of course you dont, because greed has gotten the better of you.Just like the Arm."
76561197993629886,Not Recommended,233250,17641481,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,[LXY]Duckboy,"Awesome game with bad clever business sense.Fund the game early on and all future updates will be free since you paid for it.Then they release titans, and charging full price for it.But wait... they hanv't broken their promise since this is a 'new' game. Clearly this is true because its under its own section in the store and not a DLC and has its own picture and name. So basically they hanv't shafted people by charging again for a game people already own because this PA: Titans is a seperate game with new.... erm...... units! everyone loves new units for a sequel right?.... right?.....well they better cos this games just got dumped. But hey... don't worry because in about 6 months time PA: Space will come out with all the space fighting that was also promised and will be the third in the .... 'trilogy'?So basically they stuck to their promise of not charging for updates to the game for backers by simply dropping it and making a new game with all the updates and charging again for it... nice...... at least sims comes up with new engines and gameplay mechanics before they drop their 100+ addons in the bin.Such a shame.. loved the game but with a move like this they could just keep releasing new 'games' with all the latest stuff and charging again for it... and if they can do it... well it will just be another step after someone tried DLC and how that became 'normal'. DLC? nah just release it as a new game and charge again for it and call it a sequel, it if's good anough for Uber Entertainment it's good enough for us.Stinks of money grabbing pure and simple. Until these 'early access' games have controls put in place im not funding any game thats not finished from now on. So many times will they string you with gameplay not in the ads or promises for things that never happen. Until Steam starts regulating these then to me they're simply all scams that just make a basic setup of a game, promises, get your money, then nothing, and because you bought it knowing it was early release then good luck trying to get your money back.... I feel sorry for the game industry. If this was any other product it simply wouldn't be allowed. Lets all go watch that movie thats half done and pay again later to watch the finished version. Would you do this? Lets go on tha roller coaster at half speed with 'under construction' signs all over it but pay full price to help fund it. Is this acceptable? Then why is it ok for games to do this?"
76561198112615705,Not Recommended,233250,17644635,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Guerrillero,They are selling the game twice... thats very low.
,Not Recommended,233250,17652982,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Hitler,"ok, this is absolutly crazy. i get the need for funding, and i get that they probably wanted to preserve the old game and create a new, better game by releasing titans rather than changing this one. But $40? when i already owned this one? OH BUT WAIT! I GET A DISCOUNT! yea well 66% off isnt anything when from what i can see id just be effectivly adding DLC to this game. and the best part? you want to know the absolute best part? People like me who didnt back the kickstarter and who are only getting 66% off have a time limit to claim thier discounted copy of titans! SERIOUSLY?! if i dont purchase by october i have to pay full price?! what a joke, seems like a big *we need money quick* skeem. they can say what they want they werent looking out for thier community or fan base and in my opinion they screwed up royaly. actually, i wasnt even that upset until i say the price of titans and the limitation on when i could redeem my discounted copy. now im enraged with the whole thing.UPDATE 6-30-16 i was just gifted titans by a good friend of mine and was told that it is now on a discounted price for good for prior PA owners. Not to mention the price has been cut. While the above mentioned still upsets me they have made good progress in redeeming themselves."
76561197974619601,Not Recommended,233250,17655104,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Leopard II A6,"I am so disappointed about this game. How dare you developers put this game on Kickstarter? I really want my $60 back.Here is why I am upset. First of all, the GUI is not user friendly. It is hard to maintain the angle. The ‘Planet’ is too small for a map. Also, the units are not diverging.I prefer playing the very first ‘Total Annihilation’. You guys should put more innovation in the game, rather than just ‘flying from 1 planet to another’, while the entire game is probably worse than a remake of TA.Give my money back!"
,Not Recommended,233250,17664738,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,nwilcox334,"Good idea, but half baked and out of balance, glitchy and just more painful then fun. 8/10 for creativity 1/10 for playability."
76561198039793032,Not Recommended,233250,17605993,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Dustin the Wind,"WTF? I was able to look past the games issues, but to release a standalone version of the game, then make this version unavailable to purchase is rediculous! I wanted to purchase a second copy for my brother. Do they expect me two purchase of the update?"
,Not Recommended,233250,17606585,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Lezflano,♥♥♥♥♥♥ Devs
76561198046323361,Not Recommended,233250,17609831,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Anonymous,This game taught me not to trust early access.10/10 would learn a lesson again.
76561197968550025,Not Recommended,233250,17615208,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Luxius,"So now we can pick the Titan tech, but we can't build it? I bought this game months before release, but I don't get the same free upgrade as kickstarters?Then you deserve this non-recommendation. I was hoping the flawed AI would be fixed. I was hoping the single player campaign would have more flavour with more than one body to build on in each system (there are some, but too few, that has 3-4 planets/moons).Overall, this is not at all the game we were promised in the original kickstarter promotional trailer. It's a disaster."
,Not Recommended,233250,17615393,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Elliot (V-100),Bought this game thinking it might one day be playable. That day never really came; they released an expansions after the took all they could from this one through the $5 sales.
76561198057400531,Not Recommended,233250,17619578,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,alicanerkmen,"No, just no.I was very excited for PA, I thought it to be the Atlantis of RTS in an age where the best ones were forgotten in the seas of time. A game with massive scope (literally) and plenty of hype to go with it too. Then I bought the game. It had no singleplayer, no ability to play offline and oh so full of bugs plenty of which were game-breaking.Now, think of your favourite RTS (Age of Empires, Rise of Nations, BFME, SupCom; [technically what PA was supposed to surpass], whatever floats your boat) they all have one thing in common, which is VARIETY. be it different races, techs or whatever there is always something that makes them unique and encourages different playstyles. None of that in PA.Before you say ""Well that's best for balance you bonehead"" no, no it isn't. There is ONE thing to do in every game( or two), flood the screen with all the units you can and hope your opponent hasn't beaten you to it, or just smash a planet at enemy commander ( I guess that makes two?...  either way, is THAT how many ways to play a strategy game should be?)Example: Playing defensively is not an option AT ALL, you'll be steamrolled so quickly that you'll actually not have the time get angry over it.Example 2: Want to sneak in opponents' base and wreak havoc? What a laughable idea(in this game). Even if you did manage to get in undetected (nigh impossible because of radars and lack of stealth) even an unprotected base will easily churn out a force 5 times the size of yours before you can destroy anything. Sound familliar? No! Because in no other respectable RTS is this the case!!!Moving on, the AI (neither yours or the opponent) doesn't work well at all. Yours are barely capable of handling tasks they are supposed to.Example:You: Alright, go build 5 of these here.AI: Sir yes sir!5 mins later...You: Why isn't anything built??AI: Sir, the space appears to be occupied.You: YOU ARE THE ONES OCCUPYING IT!!!! CAN'T YOU MOVE OUT OF THE WAY AND BUILD?!?!?!AI: ....-Then you move them manually and hope they don't get stuck while building the next one-The only thing your AI opponent will ever do is send wave after wave with each wave being more crowded than the last if you let him have his way. Can't really expect too much though, with things to do being limited as they are.And now, they ""released a new game"", PA: Titans which is regular old PA with give or take 21 more units. Yeah, that's about it. Oh but you can't get those shiny new stuff as DLC or god forbid, A PATCH, you'll have to pay up.Regular price: 40$if you bought PA at any point: 13 something $if you backed the kickstarter: 0$(of course, all prices may or may not be higher of lower depending on your region)Since it's PA + 21 new units the 40$ isn't THAT unreasonable (but you can find more on that in its own store page)But wait, then why is that such a bad thing, you ask? Of course you do, you poor little indulgée of the blissful nectar called ignorance.It's A SEPARATE GAME, meaning multiplayer, the high point of the game, is now impossible between anyone playing this and PA:Titans. ( I blame Scholar of the First Sin for this, but then again, at least THEY added some content to old players through a patch! Also, they didn't remove the original from the steam store, more on which I will write below)AND, as the bleeding icing on this prank-cake they made the original PA unavailable for purchase! You know what this means? I'll tell you what it means, IT MEANS THAT THERE WILL NOT BE A SINGLE NEW PLAYER TO A GAME WHICH IS ALMOST ONLY MULTIPLAYER! It means that if you don't want to shell out some more cash(or credit, or hell, even bitcoin, none of my business how you pay) you might as well Stockholm Syndrome yourself into liking the bots CAUSE THAT'S ALL THE ACTION YOU'LL EVER BE GETTING!(It also means this review is completely pointless and a waste of time, both mine and yours. Not the best idea, in hindsight)tl;dr: Go buy Supcom: FA, almost all of what's good in PA is taken from there anyway. Nighty night."
76561198002694480,Not Recommended,233250,17621728,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,feegee,"Still Buggy, still Crashes in single player, tried on multiple systems that all can handle this game and then some. Don't waste your money on this or the expansion, all the makers care about it money, not actually delivering a finished game..."
,Not Recommended,233250,17621899,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,aceradmatt,I bought this game way before refunds where available. I regret it.
76561198044886594,Not Recommended,233250,17622469,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Archangel,"Are you serious!? I bought a new game is not for the price, and for the old! That is clearly not cost me over $ 2.23! So now I still need to buy upgrades -_- In fairness, those who bought the game at the old price, it should supplement were given free of charge."
76561198024567944,Not Recommended,233250,17642544,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Wormburner,why is TITANS not part of the main game? WTF!!!
,Not Recommended,233250,17643285,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,devenv,"Loved this game, the best since Supreme Commander, waited for the developers to finish all the issues and content (a good single player for instance).But noooo, they went for a cash grab and released a DLC-ish stand alone game TITANS instead...Won't ever BUY or recommend anything from these guys...Really irritating..."
76561197980219570,Not Recommended,233250,17643445,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,S3izureMan,"Do not buy this garbage, wont even launch."
76561198043324722,Not Recommended,233250,17643556,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,:P,"Very Very bad game. Dont not buy, even if on sale."
,Not Recommended,233250,17644596,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,demo,"Dreadful, can`t play without getting memory low errors and crashes. (& no theres nothing wrong with my PC or specs),I kinda figured there`d be bugs early on so waited but it`s STILL a mess that doesn`t work.OS:Windows 7 64-bitProcessor:Quad Core i5Memory:8 GB RAMNvidia GT 650 2GB card.This is not a finished game , its far too buggy.Don`t waste your money."
,Not Recommended,233250,17657554,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Official Ryan Miller,no
,Not Recommended,233250,17606626,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Minemoder,"Brilliant game! Its fun and large, but as many others say, its still incomplete. They released it much sooner than it should have been and now they have released a DLC for a few units. $40 dollars. A few, giant dudes to squash little dudes. Their trailer showed asteroids, and now we get them months after 'release' when the idea seemed solid at the time. Planets are smoother than ice. But it is still incredibly fun and insane with multiplayer games. IF the titans were given to players who had already bought the game before the 15th, I probably wouldnt be writing this. Steam needs to add a mixed option, because as I already said, its fun, but incomplete at release."
76561198051971157,Not Recommended,233250,17612079,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Broken 8bit Glass,Endless Legend is wayyyy better.
,Not Recommended,233250,17613179,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Very Buttery Bread,Ok I just found out that I need to buy this game again for the titans........wow.
76561198048863584,Not Recommended,233250,17618765,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,n2ofighter,"I like this game...BUT you now have to pay 36euros for the last ""update"" that the devellopers try to disguise as a new game called ""TITANS"".=> It is the same game but with few extra units and worlds....Planetary Annihilation is now DEAD ! They will stop working on it in favor of TitansFrench version:J'aime ce jeu...MAIS les développeurs ont sortis une nouvelle mise a jour du nom de TITAN qu'il déguisent en un tout nouveau jeu sur le Steam Store au prix de 36euros...  => Il n'en n'est rien ! C'est le meme jeu avec quelques unités en plus : (En résumé nous avons acheté un premier jeu et maintenant on doit remetre la main au portefeuille pour continuer a recevoir les mises a jour via TITAN... C'est dingue !Planetary Annihilation est mort ! Les mises a jour vont stopper et les joueurs vont quitter le jeuC'est tellement triste....Let us play TITAN for free !!Laissez nous jouer a TITAN gratuitement !!"
,Not Recommended,233250,17619430,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,javaj,"I had high expectations from this game as i was reading this would be the next Supreme Commander.Well it is NOT.""MAKE TITANS FREE FOR EVERYONE WHO SUPPORTED PLANETARY ANNIHILATION - FOR EVERYONE WHO ALREADY PAID FOR THE GAME!"""
,Not Recommended,233250,17622128,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Balleta,"Buy the Planetary Annihilation: TITANS, which is what this game has promissed but never developed, and abandoned to create its true version on a forsaken standalone DLC, don't be fooled like I was. TITANS has the same dinamics and units but its actually worth playing."
76561198006834342,Not Recommended,233250,17622680,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,scottbakertemp,Like a lot of others I feel I was really screwed over by funding the development of this game and getting a really incomplete game.  About a year after purchasing the game they finally added a save game option.  Really?Of course now I find out I was basically funding the development of the new Titans game and all I got in return was a crappy beta product.
76561198091766040,Not Recommended,233250,17629444,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Divine,FUuuuu Uber! Never buying stuff u make again. Bet next will be PA: Experimentals for 30$.
,Not Recommended,233250,17630963,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Hustle Cam,"Kickstarted with lots of promises but delivered with less of actual content. And now They released a stand alone expansion today less then a year after this game came out, splitting the community in half gaining twice the profit."
76561198089968334,Not Recommended,233250,17639742,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,smagoemail,"This game could of been one of the best RTS games on the market if Uber Entertainment didn't choose so many bad decisions. I've Been patient with Uber but Titans is the last straw, they promised all their content t obe free and lied.Planetary Annihiation can be fun if you have freinds to play with but it gets bored and annoying to play quickly with random crashes, lag in general, and the dissapointment of what this could of been"
,Not Recommended,233250,17639990,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,halomolov2,"Rather then update the game they release a seporate game with the updated content.... Are they gonna make it a thing now that if you want the most up to date version of the game you have to keep rebuying the game for full price. Do the dev's realise that when they fix bugs and add slight changes to update the game they just change the version number, they dont release the fixed updated version as a seporate game."
76561198027788479,Not Recommended,233250,17640028,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Benalow,"RTS is what basically got me into gaming as a kid, so I've played my fair share. I expected perhaps a bit too much from this game, or maybe the devs promised too much. Either way after 25 hours of playing I finally uninstalled it. I found it basically impossible to win certain scenarios, like if you don't have enough space tech and the AI moves to a different planet before you can kill them and whenever you try and get to their new home planet it's basically impossible thus leaving you in the same game forever. I think another unfortunate choice was to have your tech given to you based on RNG. While a novel concept leading to variety of different outcomes, I feel it suffers because the AI you'll face will have varying tech as well, and sometimes you just get unlucky and have to restart.Overall: it is fun for a time, but then starts to feel like a chore instead of having fun. RNG can also be on the frustrating side of things. I'd give it a 6/10 it's not a terrible game, it just could use a lot of polishing."
,Not Recommended,233250,17654126,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Kayden,A game that made a lot of promises during kickstarter and have so far failed to deliever on the majority of them. This game is not one I would recommend to people if they were looking for a Supreme Commander clone.
,Not Recommended,233250,17605117,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,World of Snacks,"there is literally no point buying this game now that PA:Titans has been released, look it up"
76561198158217061,Not Recommended,233250,17606307,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,AdmiralTigerclaw,"When this game functions properly, it's a blast to play.  A planet destroying blast.However, the game suffers from the developers making some poor choices in terms of functionality.  The engine is not optimised very well, and I have no idea what it is about their choice to use Coherent UI, but it does not play nice with many a system configuration.  The result for my setup in particular being the interface actually dragging the whole system to a near unresponsive crawl...  In the MAIN MENU.In actual gameplay, 3D is smooth in most any instance.  However, a lack of proper distance filtering to clear objects that are far away or too small to be rendered as anything other than single-pixel dots from the actual render process can result in instances of a busy planet in the distance passing across the camera view instantly slowing the frame rate to a slideshow.  That and apparently the engine's lack of optimization also rears its ugly head when attempting to build systems chock full of super planets.  Starting at barely handling one, slowing to a crawl at two, and forget going any higher if you don't want to heat your home in the winter from CPU and GPU cycles alone.The option to build more than at single 1000-size planet is there Uber, you need to fix the engine to ensure more than one planet of this size can work on the average system.  Some of us like absolutely gargantuan maps.And no, gas giants don't count.Overall, the game has so much hype and promise, with a grandiose soundtrack and enjoyable amounts of INSANE overkill, but the game has absolute buzz-kill problems in its core functionality.  Some of them being conceptually simple fixes.  Rendering needs a filter for objects too small to even make pixels out of.  Gigantic planets at a distance, or really, anything not in your central focus needs to have a simplified render layer applied to them, and whatever the heck makes Coherent UI decide it wants 100% of a CPU core to do literally NOTHING with needs to be addressed.If this were a car, it would be like it was sold to you with an engine that runs rough, idles at 4,000 rpm in PARK, and needs a tire rotation after one trip.  That's not professional work, and nobody in their right mind would pay sticker price for such a thing.  Why do so here?As trained engineer and programmer, I can understand the difficulties in hunting down these bugs, but with the release of the Titans addition I discovered just prior to writing this review, I'm appalled that they consider adding what amounts to a few (if giant) units to the game a higher priority than ensuring that existing features work, if not smoothly to the limits of what has been allowed for the player to manipulate, at least to expected levels of what is advertised in the launch and teaser videos.Adding a few units and calling it a 'stand-alone add on' is not going to refresh sales, Uber.  Fixing critical, if spotty game breaking flaws will.  I can see the motivation behind this move, and it is flawed thinking.To the prospective buyer of this product, I will say that there is a good game here, if you don't mind restarting steam in its entirety after a few matches, or watching your computer nearly brick because you TRIED to push the planet creation even slightly.  There is a good game in here.  One that takes everything you've played before in an RTS, and gives you the tools to actually upscale to commanding an army so large you'd swear your PC stepped on an ant hill.  However, don't you dare pay full listed price for it unless there is a community noted improvement in functionality.For now, I have to down-rec.  A game that is not playable 'hassle-free' is not a game I would tell others to spend their money on.  Maybe the combined might of all these downvotes will send a message to Uber [/civ v ai]."
,Not Recommended,233250,17606535,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Prometheus,"Go get the titans version, its better"
76561198018603788,Not Recommended,233250,17606632,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Inquisition,"Don't buy, nothing like Total Annilation, more importantly dont buy because of these greedy devs."
,Not Recommended,233250,17615085,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,parkourdude91,"Unfinished game, if you want the complete version, you have to buy it"
,Not Recommended,233250,17620013,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,skyscan29,This game ia a joke and now they are making an expantion for more money horrible
,Not Recommended,233250,17622293,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,XZT,Disappointing. An unfinished game from a company with poor ethics.
,Not Recommended,233250,17623141,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,RagingEhCanadian,Planetary Annihilation: TITANSWhat a waste of space.....
,Not Recommended,233250,17634910,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Dr. Matt,Game itself is not too bad but whoever runs the business decisions should be fired out of a cannon.
76561198055469598,Not Recommended,233250,17637266,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Frost,"I liked this game a lot...or at least I wanted to. This game hooks you in with massive battles and exploding planets but that is only its outer shell. On the outside it was a fun game to play but on the inside you realize how crappy the AI is (pathfinding, etc.) and you learn how unpolished the game is. It COULD be a much better the game can be with updates. But personally I don't want to talk about what this game could've been... I say that because Uber wrongfully made a dlc-like standalone for this game that costs 40$ that adds a couple of extra units. Instead of updating their already made game, they decided to make a new one. Which not to mention is still missing the AI functionality. You can't play a RTS with a stupid AI. Please heed my warning and make a smart decision before buying this game. Don't let the ""outer shell"" blind you.JUST REMEBER: YOU CAN'T POLISH A TURD...(unless you update your game)."
,Not Recommended,233250,17641370,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,[DGr8]SuperJeck,"Wow, releasing Titans - basically the same game with some additional units - as the standalone game! Not that i'm whining, but, hell, that's a rip off!"
,Not Recommended,233250,17643359,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,waheed,"What is this garbage releasing an ""expansion"" which is basically the same game with some new units and charging??LAME!"
76561198226321412,Not Recommended,233250,17649977,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Tasader,dlc no not cool
76561198011483539,Not Recommended,233250,17651877,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Pandito,Great visuals ... that's about it.
76561198020659350,Not Recommended,233250,17652322,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,SageMage12,https://www.change.org/p/uber-entertainment-planetary-annihilation-titans-stop-making-us-pay-for-what-we-already-paid-for?recruiter=363734280&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=copylinkfight the power!
,Not Recommended,233250,17654803,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,capitain96,"Just please, take the money and burn it. so at least you got something for your money."
76561198027676018,Not Recommended,233250,17606899,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Hungry0ne,"The game itself is not bad as it can keep you entertained for hours, especially if you have not played Supreme Commander (or the datadisk Forged Alliance). However if you are looking for something better than SC or its successor, this is NOT it. Put simply it is SC dumbed down (luckily not the SC 2 level). It has far few units, the tech is pretty much not existant, single player is poor (You get tired of it pretty quickly and although it is/was advertised as an MP game some may say it is a nice bonus. I say it is part of the game and it is rubbish.) and gameplay itself way too repetitive. There are no factions (no background story) and without proper rock-paper-scissor mechanics the game feels lacking; example - you can not counter artillery with shields becouse they are not in the game; you are on two different planets with no other celestial bodies? Well good luck invading each other with one type planetary transporters..To be fair the game has some pretty cool moments like when you smash a moon into a planet inhabited by your enemy or when you fire your orbital laser into an enemy base. Sadly those moments are rare and far between. Also I liked the idea of ""no corner"" maps as you have entire PLANETS you fight over but that's it.And don't get me started about the bugs or the nerve of the developers to release a ""datadisk"" with few cool units or those unfulfilled promises ... these things sure are saying A LOT about the company and the game.Wasted potential; 4/10 - below averageP.S. If SC was too intimidating for you, but you wanted to try it at one point, this might be the game you are looking for."
,Not Recommended,233250,17617955,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,EV4L,"Still to this day I love this game, it brings back nostalgic memories of playing the old TA when I was just a wee kid.The game balence has long cycles and the moment it gets stale you can start at modding. The modding community has a good base and a good set of mods that show uber what this game could be.However, that said,  uber continues to lose my faith. Patch after patch the same core issues are there.An example of this is defense is worthless, another style of play(expand and attack) hands down wins you the game. You cannot effectively defend points, its much easier to be on the offense. This creates a large noob trap as a large part of the shiny looking structures are useless(except maybe anchors). Patch after patch nothing is done about this.There a list of numerous issues like defense that just make the game a stale linear meta all the time. At any point of the three years I've owned this game I could log in and play the exact same way and win desipite the fact that numerous balence cycles have happened. From patch to patch nothing really changes except the most explotive stragey gets slightly nerfed and nothing is really brought up to par.Uber refuses to fix core issues within the game and ignores its community, and wonders why their game falls short / has a small dedicated user base. Which is sad because this game has such a potential to shine in the current rts genre. It does so many different things right, yet fails are the core basis of the rts style of gameplay.Ubers solution to the above is to create a DLC. Fine but...The meat and potatoes of the new dlc is a bunch of core missing features to any game or fixes for problematic features to any base game such as: not having a tutorial, ui fixes & better notifications, balence fixes, actually finishing story mode, and a small flush out of the current units. These are all things that we have been asking for ages that should be included in the base game.I can count more mods than I can count fingers that address these issues and actually fix the game for free and would not be surpised to see a TITANS mod come out and spark some large controversy between the modding community and the devs.Lastly, we now have a new dlc listed as a whole new game. I understand why partially, to give new players that buy the dlc the base game as well, however to the existing loyal base this seems like nothing more than another cash grab. You have to buy the game a second time because the dlc is not avalible standalone. You have to REDOWNLOAD THE EXACT SAME GAMEFILES, so effectively having both is nothing more than a waste of space on your hard driveUber has a habbit of doing cash grabs as well. In past when the game was originally 60 dollars or more if you were kickstarter or backer you got the game and then on release they sold it for as low as $10. With nothing more than ""thanks for the money guys"" and ""we will do something for the ealeier purchasers"" type messages. Without actually following through on them. For once they actually did something for the kickstarters(gave it to them free) with this dlc but the backers basically got another slap in the face.Sadly due to the developers track record with this game, I would not recomend it anymore to anyone. Do not buy this version of the game buy titains.Chances are you will most likely have to buy the game all over again the next dlc as well and so on."
76561198056459056,Not Recommended,233250,17618553,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Ene7,Reminds me of Zimbabwe.
,Not Recommended,233250,17619579,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Ahmed Al-Amir,"Just like the Fiasco with Stardrive and Stardrive 2, Uber takes the 9 Iron out of the bag and procedes to start busting our balls."
,Not Recommended,233250,17619788,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,L.L.T.S. Vadim,Something is missing in this game...
,Not Recommended,233250,17629697,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,OncomingStormDW,"great game, good mechanics and the ability to ram planetoids into people, but the devs are the living embodiement of every negative steryotype that can be attributed to rich, greedy people, im probably going to take advantage of that reduced price on their expansion (should be free, BTW because that expansion is what i THOUGHT i was paying for when i got this)if you want a RTS that has balance?this isnt for you (just use dox)if you want a game with devs who are not completley ignorant of ethics and moralitythis sure as ♥♥♥♥ aint for youif you want a game that you pay a hell of a lot of money for and STILL has microtransactions?this game IS for you#https://www.change.org/p/uber-entertainment-planetary-annihilation-titans-stop-making-us-pay-for-what-we-already-paid-for"
,Not Recommended,233250,17634950,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Roy,Good bye Uber entertainment. it was not nice knowing you.
76561197991019313,Not Recommended,233250,17638484,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,nubbiecakes,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. The scumbag devs stopped devolping this game before it was complete, and the idiot i am bought it (pre-release) in good faith knowing how much fun the Supreme Commander series was. IT WAS NEVER FINISHED. It was constantly plagued with crashes and frame drops, even the single player. To top it all off, THEY'VE RELEASED A STANDALON EXPANSION WITH THE FULL BASE GAME PLUS WHAT SHOULD HAVE BEEN IN IT TO BEGIN WITH, TITAN UNITS. I am♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I thought this company went under, and that's why they stopped devolping the game before it was even finished. Little did i know the greedy ♥♥♥♥s, who promised free DLC for the unfinished vanillia version, were going to release not only an expansion, but that it is standalone (don't need the base game), it is cheaper now (on sale) than the pre-release sale i got PA on, and the ♥♥♥♥ers had the nerve to release what should have been in the base game as something that is additional. I'm ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,233250,17638551,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Mathematical,"-Preliminary Note-I last played 11/5/2015 [ddmmyyyy]. This review is in reponse to the new release of plannetary annihilation as a standalong expansion. I will not purchase the game, even though it will only cost me ~$13. I will also not purchase any other game from this company. I invested in three copies of this game for myself, and two friends, when it was in beta. I was expecting a game that would become a less annoying version of the starcraft series. Got a turd.Yes I also know this is a poorly written review.----Actual Review------Performance--8 GB of RAM and I could barely run the game (I meet all recommended requirements, with the exception of a dedicated graphics card as I don't own a desktop). I did get nearly 50 hours out of it, but a large chunk of that was loading time.--Gameplay--The best game I played took nearly two hours for me to win against a friend. That was one of the first games.Gameplay wise, produce as many units as you can, if you do it with certain units, you win. There is no real strategy, just produce and produce more. Unit AI is stupid. Buildings never worked like you want.I could never get the controls to work like I wanted. I actually had to manually enable the pole lock in the game, because it wasn't default (pole lock makes it easier to navigate a planet, and talk about north/south with friends in a voice call). Unit selection was never great. Unit commands were never great. Units on patrol never swarmed an invader.The planet generator was never very good. You couldn't make planetary systems with highly elliptical orbits, never mind the fact that if a planet clipped another planet nothing happened.--Overall--3/10 would refund if I thought I could get my money back."
76561198062636153,Not Recommended,233250,17639197,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Willcifer,"Uber screwed the entire community with their ""new"" title release, which is the exact same thing, except a little less sh*tty than the original. They expect us to throw even MORE money at them after we never received what was promised here. Yes, you heard it right, you have to RE-BUY the game in order to get the extra content, and the new version still is extremely lacking to what we were promised originally. Uber is looking to make quick and easy $$$ instead of actually putting time and effort into Planetary Annihilation.I can't believe Uber has the nerve to do something like this...Do NOT support Uber. Do NOT give them your money. They do not care about you or the community, AND will not give you what they have promised."
76561198002413642,Not Recommended,233250,17645013,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,PsychoMnky03,"I paid like $80 for this game early on, I did this because I loved Total Annihilation when I was little and wanted to support the studio who was going to try to bring that back. I was severely dissapointed with this game, the lack of diversity in units, and  the overall bugs that almost made the game unplayabe. I was also pretty bummed about how this studio seemingly lacks any kind of appreciation for the early supporters who paid more than $5 for their game after it flopped. At the price I paid that TItans expansion should have been free for me. Their lack of anytype of recognition for the early adopters just puts me off. I will not be supporting this studio in the future, you are much better off getting Supreme Commander, and downloading the Forged Alliance Forever mod. The mod is free and has much more diversity and playability than this turd."
,Not Recommended,233250,17655064,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Mizra,"An incomplete, buggy mess."
76561198125541601,Not Recommended,233250,17655803,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Mr. Hyde,Some bullcrap charging for an expantion when the game isn't done yet. Cheep♥♥♥♥♥game devs.
,Not Recommended,233250,17662814,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Trankillity (Ahlpha),"The idea of the game is awe-inspiring, but it doesn't hold up to the expectations.One major problem is that the client is instable and tends to crash as well as lag often becoming an issue because of high resource requirements.In addition the 'Annihilating' weapons often are just an irrelevant factor and do'nt come with a high reward, as they often can be dodged and taken out by a bigger army than yours that you could have build yourself with the resources you spend on an annihilator. The Annihilaser is an exception but the eco to set up defences for building it is most times only avaible for the more dominant players.The 'Titan' expansion, along with engine improvements, a lot of bugfixes and unit balance would make it a great game, but I don't see this happening, as the Titans are only avaible as DLC.It is sad to see a great concept fall apart half-way finished because of lack of motivation to make it an enjoyable longtime experience."
,Not Recommended,233250,17606154,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Angus King,"Don't purchase this trainwreck. Devs just released a new PA game that just adds more units when it could've been a free update.But let me elaborate a bit more.I purchased this in Early Access, and that's where I played about 86 of my hours. And it was a blast. But right after the game was released, the performance on my PC degraded exponentially. I ran it in Early Access at around 45-60 fps constant on a GTX 560. With that 560, shortly after the game was released, performance began to just die. These problems were never fixed. The game feels incomplete as well, especially now that they're trying to take $40 from us for some new units.I had high hopes for this game, but alas, the Early Access plague strikes again.Don't buy this. Don't buy PA: Titans either. Maybe if Titans goes down to somewhere near $20 I'll try it. But thankfully we have Steam Refunds now, to protect you from this kind of crap.(Yes I'm aware Titans on release day is made about $13 with 66% off. Doesn't change the fact that's going to turn into $40 within a matter of days.)Also, if you didn't notice: This game was released on September 5th, 2014. Today's date is August 18th, 2015. Did you see what it said in the System Requirements?Additional:These specs are still being determined.Additional:These specs are still being determined.Additional:These specs are still being determined.Additional:These specs are still being determined. Additional:These specs are still being determined. Additional:These specs are still being determined. Additional:These specs are still being determined. Additional:These specs are still being determined. Additional:These specs are still being determined. Additional:These specs are still being determined. Additional:These specs are still being determined. Additional:These specs are still being determined. Additional:These specs are still being determined. Additional:These specs are still being determined. Additional:These specs are still being determined. Additional:These specs are still being determined.DON'T GIVE THE DEVS YOUR MONEY.EDIT: Apparently Titans is 66% off for people who already OWNED PA from Steam, but free to backers on Kickstarter. Because it's not like Kickstarter backers paid $20 for the same game us Early Access buyers paid $90 for. I'm not saying Kickstarter backers should get the 66% discount while EA backers get it for free, I'm saying that anyone who backed PA early, or even bought PA before Titans was released, should get this ""game"" for free."
76561198032876555,Not Recommended,233250,17606781,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Cole Train,"It was fun, but flawed. NOW, it is flawed and has a stand alone title that should have been free. Consider a better game."
,Not Recommended,233250,17615084,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Launcher,"One of my first video game I've had was an RTS and since, I always loved the RTS genre (The Dawn of War series for example.) And back a few years now I've saw this awesome looking game Planetary Annihilation. I've said to myself:"" I REALLY need it"". At the time I didn't have a good PC but I was dreaming to how cool it must be. I've begin to search and dig a little more into the game quick starter years, and I saw the story with the backers and how it was seen as unfair for them. It was at this point I thought to myself:""Hell, I'll get it when it'll be fully released n' stuff"".And one or two years later with still a crappy PC I bought it just to be happy to see it fully released and I thought fixed too.Ooooh how I was wrong... When I've updated my PC I saw what a mistake I've made...All my dreams were crushed.And now a week after the release of the ""Standalone"" I've made my mind, I don't recommend it. Uber didn't keep their promise and because they didn't wanted to stand against a game with a community a bit disappointed, what did they do ? Release the nearly EXACT game with just ""21 units"" and some other stuff like maps and gamemode...""It was too large for a DLC"" Are you kidding ? I mean let me take some examples:TF2 had always grow with more and more gamemodes and it's free plus they never make DLC's nor a new game (just more hats)Space engineers when the 1.0 came out with plenty of stuff they didn't make a new game call ""space engineers....1.0 ITS TOTALLY NOT THE SAME GAME""And I could keep on going.I'm gonna be honest, I'm mad at Uber, they make me remember the Starforge thing when the devs just stole the money and have done their thing. Everytime I'll see PA in my library I'll only remember the fail that it was.Anyway since PA ""vanilla"" is going to be taken down my review is probably useless. Have a good day !"
76561197960820471,Not Recommended,233250,17619244,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Just,"Planetary Annihilation was totally overpriced during early access. The devs came up with strange reasons for that overpricing.In the end the game never feeled ""finished"". It seems, the devs only released it to make even more money out of the addon that is overpriced as well.Stay away!"
,Not Recommended,233250,17628916,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Tamothy,"The game still feels unfinished and buggy; and then there's a new standalone expansion!!! with a £30 price tag? I paid a fortune for this to begin with and then an expansion is the price of 6 full price DLC packs? and adds features I was waiting on for PA itself.This game gets a negative review because it is unfinished; it has been abandonded in favour of more money in a thinly veiled ""expansion"""
,Not Recommended,233250,17629561,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Eviltek2099,Fear the money grab:https://www.change.org/p/uber-entertainment-planetary-annihilation-titans-stop-making-us-pay-for-what-we-already-paid-for
76561198091012586,Not Recommended,233250,17647099,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Mike Echo,"So buggy and bad, cannot run on my computer. And now this new $40.00 ""expansion"" is out. Wow, just wow...Sorry Uber, your in no way Uber."
76561198041778818,Not Recommended,233250,17648143,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Tume,veri niec reliable developer
,Not Recommended,233250,17650728,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Zelmak,"Was waiting for the game to get fixed before I went further into, but apperantly the devs were busy working on an ""expansion"" for it to release for money instead... Not happy"
,Not Recommended,233250,17653064,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,westernbob1,They had to make a standalone expainsion booooooooooooooooooooo they just want money now.
,Not Recommended,233250,17653881,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Muce,"Screw you Uber, not only is this game a complete shadow of what it could have been, you release it again to try and distract attention from your initial failures. Way to♥♥♥♥♥♥up Uber, way to♥♥♥♥♥♥up.I cannot even play this game now due to the way you handled this.For shame."
,Not Recommended,233250,35506854,Posted: 5 October,all,TheCanadianReaper,There isn't enough space in this box to describe how terrible it is.
,Not Recommended,233250,35503971,Posted: 5 October,all,Mr.Sockez,"i would of reccomended this game back when it first came out... but now it just sits in my library gathering dust. it will forever remain a final epitah of when the devs cared about their fanbase and werent just in it for the money. the ""dlc"" is more expensive than the original game so that right there should say enough. this game is the 2014 version of Starforge.."
76561198037453412,Not Recommended,233250,35504657,Posted: 5 October,all,adherent,A cash grab.
,Not Recommended,233250,35509256,Posted: 5 October,all,venseyness,"On paper, especially back when it first appeared on kickstarter, this game sounded like it could be the best thing... ever. Sci-fi RTS about robots throwing planets at each other. A grand scale with grand gameplay. That was the promise that I bought this game on, back in 2014. That was the promise they failed to deliver on, with probably a greater gap between promise and reality then even No Man's Sky. Execution is just... ugh. Don't bother."
76561198067375203,Not Recommended,233250,17793672,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Jesus H. Christ,"At the time of this review, the game is completely unplayable.It was unplayable due to technical issues in Dec 2013, and it is now too.With an i7 processor and R9 295x2 GPU there is no reason why the framerate should ever drop below 60.If the camera is still with NO action, I can maintain 60FPS, otherwise, 20 at best.The devs have abandoned everyone who purchased the game in early-access on Steam (supporting only their kickstarter backers) and moved on to their cash-grab, TITANS.All of the promises they made to fix bugs, add a tutorial, and so on, are all included in TITANS you have to pay yet another $40 for.No thanks Uber.♥♥♥♥ you."
76561198064437518,Recommended,233250,9284792,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Sclamy,One of the best micro stratagy/scifi games i have played: and they KEEp adding features! Would definetly buy (and I am actually selling some copies haha)
,Recommended,233250,14103504,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Loki,robots in space
,Not Recommended,233250,17841627,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Ipwn Touch,"Please just don't buy this game. This company is the EA of indie developers. They had a very successfull kickstarter campaign and what they did to thank their fans was create a standalone dlc. Please just dont support scumbags like this, if you do you are just contributing to the decline of the gaming industry."
76561198021688421,Not Recommended,233250,10093127,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Lanancuras,"Game had a lot of potential, but close minded devs, flat terrain on planets, lack of interesting new concepts beyond ""multiple planets"" and such will ultimately ruin the experience should this not change. I highly doubt any of these things will be fixed since the game is already beyond the ""Beta Phase"" and little progress has been made. Steer clear of it for now, perhaps a miracle will occur and the final game might be better but currently I do not see that happening any time soon."
76561198070235620,Not Recommended,233250,10273514,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Sir Trollsten,"after the first battle the game breaks, not letting me start a 2nd one."
76561198038393588,Recommended,233250,8547089,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Morgande,it still is not finished. Personally i hate it. I was never a fan of real time stratgy. I liked the old command and conquer.  Was looking for something similar and no this definatly isnt it. In my opinion this is not worth the money. Maybe at 20 - 30 euros dollars it would make more sense.
76561198050687260,Recommended,233250,8504913,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,GoodSirSatanist,"This game is amazing, get it as soon as you can. Best RTS since Age Of Mythology."
76561198012004199,Recommended,233250,8505461,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Chiz,"Still with issues but god its good, reminds me of supreme commander. Its a great RTS with soooo much more. I feel like ive been given two games for the price of one with the solar system creator too =D"
,Recommended,233250,8544370,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Titus Balls,"Even in it's beta stage, Planetary Annihilation is simply the best RTS on the market at the moment.Fighting on a planetary surface means you have to throw your old 2D thinking out of your head and gear up for a fast paced game of dominion and destruction of your opponents."
76561198068821897,Not Recommended,233250,17795371,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,G_Tugg,"I paid over £50 for this game in Early Access.The standalone expansion should have been free, REDEMPTION for a shoddy game they gave us.Never buying another game from you Uber."
,Recommended,233250,10715834,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,RaiiZeR,"very good game to play with friends but, DONT PLAY YOUR FIRST MATCH WITH NORMAL(or higher) BOTS, they are OP as♥♥♥♥♥ u got 2 minutes and then ur dead if you dont build an army. but afterall its fun but some of your friends can be cocky."
76561198022645978,Not Recommended,233250,15416161,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Yrzi,"It´s just ridiculous. A planet cannot be conquered at times, because AI has literally millions of air forces guarding the planet.   Nuke bombarding does not help, and I really cant recommend a 6 hour exhausting war to first decrease the airforce numbers and then slowly progress forward in satellite bombardment,Put a god damn unit cap in this game, this it utterly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198071887919,Recommended,233250,13963912,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,demonllama955,"All I can say is that the AI is unrelenting.  I pictured myself as Matthew Broderick in an 80's movie hacking it out against a computer that was far more advance at strategy than I was.  It is actually pretty aggervating, but I think if I stick with it the game has LOADS of potential."
76561198070892877,Recommended,233250,14134378,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,darklordkira,This game is great! thats all i need to say!  if you like RTS you'll love this
,Recommended,233250,14159325,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,o8BitKid,Awesomely fun game! I have spent just over 30 hours playing this now and have been having planetary destruction fun the entire time.Gameplay is pretty good and straightforward with lots of ways to fight and expand and win.Graphics are quite smooth and suite the game.Sounds could be a little more spacey and varied.Have only played through the campaign on single player so far so not sure what multiplayer is like but I imagine should be pretty fun!9/10
,Recommended,233250,14201410,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,dog,pew pew boom you lose
76561197970412946,Recommended,233250,14441050,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Zxzz,"Potential is huge, I gave it a + review because if it does become the game everyone wants it to be (including the devs) it will be great... Solar systems become levels, planets become weapons, unlimited resources and thousands of people making new races and weapons and solar systems! Imagine a battle where multiple factions race to bring their killer planets online battling thousands of enemies just to buy time for one final death blow... awesome, yes? So this is why I bought the game (yes I did wait until it was on sale), because I want this to be what it can become; but it will take people supporting (in both funds and feedback) to get to where it can be. I'm in."
76561198058544385,Recommended,233250,14988186,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,silvergerma,a great game if you like fighting giant armys agains other peaple. it takes som time to get into the gameplays but it is a lot of fun .
,Not Recommended,233250,15328169,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Yijuwarp,"Seemed like an amazing concept unfortunately my rig just couldn't handle the game. Beware of this problem, this game is quite demanding of your system.Regardless it is still a fun game. Hoping to return in the future where thier optimization and my newer rig lead to an amazing experience.Cautiously recomend it. If you are on the fence i'd suggest you don't get it.If you can get it on sale go for it, its surely worth 5$."
,Recommended,233250,16095909,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,<UANTGD> Betelgeuse,The AI is too good.
,Recommended,233250,9435137,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Adam Sandler Crab,"Guys, Who the hell doesn't wanna smash planets together and blow up your friends with NUKES!And I swear to god, If Roy doesn't get this I'll kill him!"
76561198145999798,Recommended,233250,13963619,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,ReStorm,good all round game play needs to fix fall screen buging out windowed is fin plays well for large rts game
76561197969547688,Recommended,233250,14043191,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Cobb,"Super fun to play online, especially with friends."
,Recommended,233250,14118117,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,X-Trade,"Just gratuitously explosive interplanetary RTS. Fast paced, not too deep. Great game, absolutely recommended"
76561198025553893,Recommended,233250,14201812,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Enserric,Annihilate is an understatement.
76561198117024625,Recommended,233250,13964201,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,IamSLATE,"I have searched for a long time to find a RTS that I thought would give me a similar experience to Dune 2000; and here it is. I instantly felt familiar with the concepts and play style.However this game is tough.Since my only real experience with RTS comes from Dune 2000 I feel outclassed by the relentlessness of the AI in skirmish mode.In singleplayer Galactic War the AI is toned down at first, then returns to relentless levels.All in all I have found the game that best reminds me of Dune 2000, whilst breathing new ideas and improved gameplay into my RTS experience."
,Recommended,233250,14039990,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,ZelenaMaslina,Could have been more then this but it is not but i am still pretty happy.Game is interesting and on a very very big scale i personaly like itand i hope there will be some updates to the game
,Recommended,233250,14120077,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,MegaNubbster,"Coming from just experiencing both Supcom and FA, I love this game. It encompasses such a large scale at times, yet is so simple to learn. I think that there are a few things that could be fixed, I've been experiencing no framerate issues like others I've seen, but I have had crashes at times. It's just something you'll have to learn to live with, it is in Early Access, so it's not going to be perfectly bug-free. The AI is intelligent enough to put up a decent fight (not that I play on anything other than the least difficult difficulty on Galactic War), but I haven't touched multiplayer yet. I've seen games on ZaphodX's channel on Youtube, and it seems as if I would need a bit more practice to be able to compete with some of the other players. Being able to go from getting my butt kicked by the AI on one planet, to sending my commander to build up another, and coming back with a huge invasion force to take back the previous world, just feels amazing to accomplish. The soundtrack is also amazing, I love the music. Overall, the game is great, if you pick it up during a sale like I did it's even better, and it's definitely worth the investment. The devs release updates regularly and detail what they're working on, and involve the community a great deal. I hope they continue development and finish the game completely, but right now, I believe I'm getting my money's worth.10/10"
76561198065978480,Recommended,233250,14187955,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,The Tickle Bandit,this game is very fun planning to run an asteroid into a planet is extremely entertaining and has reseanable game lengths so you can play one before you go to school if you have 30 minutes that isXD
76561198063263975,Recommended,233250,14204048,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Bom Tombadil,What's more fun than crashing giant celestial bodies together? Using one of those same celestial bodies to recreate the destruction of Alderaan!
,Recommended,233250,14356988,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Seruph,"Great game, but needs A LOT of work. To call it finished is sort of a joke, but as it stands it is fun to play, and is at it's best when playing with friends.  It seems like they update it fairly often and with the most recent one adding new fighters, that means that they are still adding to the core parts of the game. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,233250,13963909,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,CReactor,"Got annihilazered only seconds before I could smash a planet in my opponents base. 11/10 will get annihilated again!As a die-hard fan of total annihilation back in the 90ies, this is the game I've been waiting for for almost 20 years.There came Supreme Commander, which was meant to be the successor I was waiting for, which I obsessed over, played hundreds of hours and even wrote mods for, but in terms of gameplay it just did not feel like the original (!)The game was too much about micro, and I missed my beloved air fabbers so much :(Then I discovered this game on kickstarter and was hooked right away! This has almost the same economy and unit classes as total annihilation and absolutely feels like it, but in the epic scale I've always imagined it. Did you like me wonder what great machines might sleep under the surface of those metal planets? Now you can find out!It really has progressed since the early beta, and now plays really smooth. The UI is decent and does not get in the way. Units need some more balancing but came a long way.The orbital warfare is well thought out and the game enders are really innovative and keep things interesting until the late game.Many online matches lag because some players have old hardware - causing bad reviews. This is a game on a massive scale and you need an expensive machine to run it. It needs to age a bit, but is on the way to become a milestone in RTS history."
76561198020231505,Recommended,233250,13985664,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Esadobledo,"This is truly a lovely game, one of my favorites. But with anything, gripes will be had. This game is a classic style rts with some stuff thrown in that you havent seen in probably anyother rts, and that is the scale of it, truly epic plus all of the units in the game is say are pretty damn balanced. BUT! more content does need to be added in the form of units and options, also the fact that it takes way to long to load certain systems that arent even that big annoy me, also with games this large scale and epic, WTF SAVE FEATURE, WHERE ARE YOU! i love getting invested into very large battles and i am around and hour sunk in or maybe 2 and then i have to go do some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t or maybe it is getting a little to late and i loss all the fun of that battle and the ""empire"" i have created across say 4 planets? that just isnt fair. escpeccially when it comes to multiplayer, if 1 guy has to go then we must pretty much abondon the whole game, we need to be able to save."
76561198016150619,Recommended,233250,8526603,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Fisk,"The game play reminds me A LOT of Supreme Commander, and thats a GOOD thing! I was stupid though and took my time when I first played it so I got annihlated (pun intended)!I recommend this to anyone and everyone!"
76561198118907150,Not Recommended,233250,17916493,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,THEXxgambitxX,"DONT GET THIS GAME !!!!!!!!!!how dare they bring out another addition of the game when this one is still so broken. It is insulting , a wast of money and now given the compeny a name.this game could have been so good but now is it a pile of money on fire.this is the last uber game i will be getting !!!"
,Not Recommended,233250,17919184,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,GoobyMD,"A great concept with a lot of underwhelming delivery. Instead of patching bugs and delivering the content they promised to their kickstarter backers, the deveolpers have the nerve to relase a pay to expand in the form of PA Titans. Would not reccomend this game, or the company with their dispicable business practices."
76561198060741401,Not Recommended,233250,17921393,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Kaptain Tripps,"Watched this with great interest for ages. Sadly this game has no tutorial, or any real single player game at all. They've now released a DLC that has the missing content and we're expected to pay again for it.This is not even remotely good enough and the Dev's should be utterly ashamed of themselves. I will never be buying another of their products again."
,Not Recommended,233250,17923771,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Defender,nope
76561198051251415,Not Recommended,233250,17927607,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Leon Lee,"This is easily the most broken game I have every played, I regret buying it."
,Recommended,233250,11231796,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Kyaputen Awoo,"You can attach thrusters to moons and crash them into planets, enough said. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,233250,10215310,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Uncle Draven,"I updated my driver and I still cant play a match, went to the ASUS site to get the new driver, followed the instructions word for word, and its saying my computer is up to date after installing it and rebooting my computer. I did it about 3 different times too; each time following different instructions given, still nothing. Why do you guys have to use a new driver, you should downgrade that sheet so I can play it. 12/13/2013 drivers are barely even different to 12/13/2013 drivers, its just a hassel to play the game. (my review isn't on gameplay, its on game setup, i give that a 0/100, idk about gameplay though, I haven't played it) My advise, scrap the whole thing and remake it for computers with older drivers (12/13/2013)"
,Recommended,233250,28605480,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Batman,"Fun so far, I followed the game back when it was on kickstarter and fell in love with the concept but never had a PC that could run it flawlessly. fastforward to me playing the single player (yes the AI is complete garbage,  but for someone who is a RTS noob they are good practice dummies, and I'm using the Single player to get a feel for all the mechanics.) It is somewhat lacking in units but the game is a ton of fun, I have not yet played the TITAN DLC and I'm not sure if I will but as for the base game, it's a fun RTS and if you have friends that will play then it's more of a party.  well worth $20, So when it's ever cheaper than that I would say go for it."
,Recommended,233250,10222764,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Danish11512,Something Eeryone should try out
76561198101923389,Not Recommended,233250,11628124,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,scugrat2020,this is a good game but the only problem was i couldent see some of the screen very sad to see this game spoilt by thid
,Not Recommended,233250,17603800,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Billy,completely abandoned. they made a new cash grab in the form of a standalone expansion.If you didnt buy the game before i certain point (because it was a rediculous price) then you dont get anything of the expansion either so no need to bother with this version there either.I can't even suggest the standalone expansion instead as its things that should have been done to/added to this version.
76561198116923146,Recommended,233250,13529035,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Arrow_141,"Why wouldn't you want this gameNukes, planet smashing, deathstar and much more"
76561198097721433,Recommended,233250,14090351,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,cardiff_giant,Excellent RTS with a macro focus and cartoon-style graphics. Would play again.
,Recommended,233250,17576384,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Jager,Really fun and awesome!!Ive had a blast with my friend on this. Wouldnt play it any other way Co-op fights against bots turn out really epic.
76561198009476740,Recommended,233250,10161725,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,ian1824,I love this game reminds me of when i used to play it as a child but now i can crash planets into my enemys.
,Recommended,233250,10298069,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,GingerW,"This game seems to be a new breath of fresh air in the modern RTS genre. Some say this game is the spiritual successor to Total Annihilation, the best RTS game ever made. Unfortunately I have never played it so I find it hard to say that Total Annihilation is the best RTS game ever. But I have played Supreme Commander and others say that is the second best RTS game ever made. And I think Planetary Annihilation goes beyond the things that made Supreme Commander a classic, it has the huge futuristic battles and adds interplanetary warfare.Planetary Annihilation has a fantastic community and you just click that multiplayer button to instantly find a match. As well a the huge multiplayer you can also play with AI if you can't find anything you want. But the developers Uber Entertainment have added a replayable campaign to the picture in the form of the Galactic War. The Galactic War campaign is a storyless campaign that has you invade the galaxy! (Kind of like the Total War franchise). In the campaign you explore systems to find tech to unlock more units or give your commander perks to help in battle.The gameplay is hugely different from RTS's like Company of Heroes which has you commanding smaller squads and requires  more micromanagement, in Planetary Annihilation you just build a flood of death of squadrons of fighters and bombers and through them at your enemy, which can result in some epic battles. At the beginning of every game you start off with a commander which can build basic buildings including factories. Then those factories can build basic tanks, bots, boats or planes, but all of those factories can produce fabracation units that can build advanced factories that can the build advanced frabracaition units which can then build even bigger and more powerful things that can annihilate your enemies!The thing in this game that sets aside it from other RTS's is the interplanetary warfare, which includes building massive engines on a small celestial body, (a planet). Then activate those engines and use them to fly the planet into another planet and so all things on the planet that will get annihilated will cease to exist.Overall the kind people at Uber Entertainment have made, and is making a masterpeice. Though I don't think it is worth the £30 it is now. So my advice is, get it, but when it's on special offer.Also if you still aren't convinced two of the people who made Total Annihilation are working on this."
,Recommended,233250,10904644,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Koncret,"Very simple. It is a must get, but also has a learning curve."
,Recommended,233250,9143677,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,ankle juice,"Pretty fun, especially if you love strategy games. The price tag is hefty but I believe it is worth it."
,Recommended,233250,8500671,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Dasathe,"not bad, but shouldn't be 60 dollars"
76561198081881347,Recommended,233250,8497708,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,chuck spreadum,This game is da dopeshow
,Recommended,233250,7838852,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Broodlord_Craft,I compleaty LOVE this game!!!!------
76561198013033114,Recommended,233250,8187126,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Naddab,this game is the shiz-nit!
,Recommended,233250,8189445,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,OBookman,"Another hopefull early release, we have high expectations..."
76561198069112662,Recommended,233250,8434313,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,addeya,tis good
76561198028096440,Recommended,233250,8477721,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Timi,planet smashing simulator
76561197986574093,Recommended,233250,8634971,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,David B.,Like Supreme Commander just much much bigger =)
76561198070298295,Recommended,233250,9197707,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,GoldMikeMan,"First off if you haven't got this game buy it it NOW! This game exists due to over 44,000 backers on kickstarter and would not even be here if it weren't for these amazing people and now it has made it to beta and still has a long way to go but this game has still raised the bar for RTS games no matter which may you look at it. The planetwide destruction and the complete annihilation from smashing one planet into another is just so satisfying after the many hours you have spent to get there.This game is RTS perfection.And if that isn't A good enough reason to buy it I don't know what is."
,Recommended,233250,9236569,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Holy Breadstick,"Just a great game to play, buggy but that is because it is new. Love this game."
,Recommended,233250,9239605,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,JustinD39,never before have i had so much joy as to crashing a moon into a planet to destroy my foes with giant booster engines.
,Recommended,233250,9309495,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Goat Nuts,I got this game so that means you have to get it to.
76561197990400063,Recommended,233250,9346317,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,A_[PECK],This game is in Gamma and it rocks!!! This game can only get better!!! Been waiting to play this game for a long time glad the wait is over. Thanks for the weekend madness on this one. Almost forgot about the game.
,Recommended,233250,9353932,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Mr  Mattio,"For an early access game, what can i say; it feels amazing. The name of the game is exactly what you do, you either annihlate or get annihlated. The AI is a little bit unfair as it can be very difficult to get up on your feet. Takes a while to work out exactly what the best strategy is to get up and going.I love the ability to play against a friend or friends, make your base; own the land, own the skies, own orbit. Claim planets, in fact harvest planets. It can feel quite bad after playing for so long only for someone to come along and nuke you unsuspectingly, the only thing i don't like is the fact that one false move can throw you far behind. Clever, complex, yet simple much like supreme commander or other games of the sort. Get it while it's on offer you won't regret it"
76561198079469773,Recommended,233250,9357804,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Reign Crusader,"It is fun, would buy. 10/5"
76561198055220870,Recommended,233250,9601210,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,iTossEggroll,By far one of the most innovative RTSs of the current generation of games.
,Recommended,233250,8765307,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,sacharrine,"So far, so good. if you're the sort of person who loves a good mental challenge, this is the game for you. Uber's upped the computer's aggression and it shows. very fun to watch your artillery pieces smash other things into pieces. just be prepared to be visited in kind by your fellow players who might just drop a moon on you.i wouldn't worry too much about the price tag, for what it it's worth, this is a pretty good game. also, since it is beta, you'll be privvy to how the devs craft the game and also help to develop it by giving feedback.better than DoTA many times over."
76561198040454977,Recommended,233250,8776030,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Seany2014,its awesome
76561198027559498,Recommended,233250,8785325,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Dr. Tree,it is the best real time strategy game since supreme commander even in its beta
76561198012564559,Recommended,233250,8788152,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,colonelblue,Very buggy but straight up awesome concept for an RTS. I can't wait until the visuals and bugs are completely worked out.
,Recommended,233250,8789922,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Crushem,Very fun RTS that is a worthy addition to the Annihilation Trilogy.It's all starting to come together nicely. Even with the bugs and crashes it's very playable and with updates rolling in fixing balancing and adding units it's an awesome game.
,Recommended,233250,8794680,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Spriggan43,"Good game, its worth the 30$ for some RTS fun. If you like your RTS get this game."
,Recommended,233250,8912678,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Cortina MK3,"I have been watching this game in production and been out since day 1 and wanting so badly to play it, this Christmas my sister bought me it, I love this game, it has been everything I wanted in a game, ability to switch planets, destroy planets and colinize planets and with the resent update with teleporters, it made the game 100X better and there is more still to be added."
,Recommended,233250,8988145,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Rubber_Ducky ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ,A really fun game that I recommened to everyone.
,Recommended,233250,8990202,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Big Papa Moist,"Highly recommend this game....but for the love of god, TONE DOWN THE AI! Before it was well paced, now they just charge you and only you ASAP. That plus my load time makes them have bot factories before I can even load, and messes my system up for around 10 minutes after shutting it down."
,Recommended,233250,9211513,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,pist01n0w,"This game looks and plays wonderful!glitches are common bc ya, its still alpha but optimization and support is always coming and making the game look, play, and run smoother, better, and awesomer. new units make new gameplays and its just a huge game!"
,Recommended,233250,9226923,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Prada,AMAZING GAME!!!
76561198058575944,Recommended,233250,9312488,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,(U.N)PanzerxPanzer,really good game so far cant wait for the whole thing
76561198022367007,Recommended,233250,9320953,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Adbiku,"Totally enjoy this. It seems like one of the greatest revolutions in RTS games. The complexity added with the introduction of other planets makes this feel and play differently then a majority of its competitors, but the ground battles are swarmy enough to satisfy even a hardcore player.  I dig"
,Recommended,233250,9326436,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Boopis,♥♥♥♥ING PLANETS ON PLANETS!
,Recommended,233250,9336971,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,ploopploop,"This game is so damn epic... if you love strategy games and you don't own this game, slap yourself in the face.Nukes, thrusted moons, mass turrets and units this is a mayhem!!!Edit:As an early backer I feel left in the dust with many others with their new ""titan"" which is basically an updated version of this. Good joke of a company that they are.Game is good and fun, there's a lot to do and would be more if they lived up to their promises."
76561198085665545,Recommended,233250,9355780,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Genos,the best stragity game ever
76561198056206809,Recommended,233250,9728739,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Xipher,"This game is amazing, by far the best RTS i have played"
,Recommended,233250,9778874,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,jonasanojDK,"This game, is the best RTS i've ever played. The masive scale and the amount of destruction you can make, is awesome. Go buy this if you are a RTS fan (and have a good gaming rig)"
76561198059344342,Recommended,233250,9135117,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Neverdead450,"another game with robots,smashing entire worlds,forceing players to rage, and more robots then play this"
76561197979890432,Recommended,233250,9308969,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Olwe,Supcom on one planet was cool. Imagion Supcom on multiple planets!
76561197970523305,Recommended,233250,9227707,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,hadders,"It's so good to see the Total Annihilation, Supreme Commander reborn and taken to the next level.  I was playing games when TA launched and if you're a fan of this genre and these games then this game won't disappoint.  That said, as it stands now the ""Early Access"" has some limitations, so be sure to check out the forum. If you're prepared to tolerate some of these issues then get yourself a copy, otherwise, wait for the official release."
76561198006944655,Recommended,233250,9228997,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,arty12345,"Its broken right now, come back later."
,Recommended,233250,9306574,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Aurone,"Very good game, the only problem i see is that people that have played this for a long time can start faster and kill you before you attack anyone."
,Recommended,233250,9348716,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Dubhe,i... cant..... stop.....
76561198117985592,Recommended,233250,9494663,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,XvXsheepmanXvX,bruttal rts simple to learn matches are 1-3 hrs long and a gratew way to pass time well worth the moneyz
,Recommended,233250,10253251,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,HappyAsshole ХРЮ,I haven't ever been a huge friend of RTS-games but this one changed me. I usually overthink while playing RTS-games which usually leads to defeat. While still in Gamma I'd say this earns 8/10 since there are some bugs et cetera.
,Recommended,233250,8940666,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Clay,Got to say there is little that is more satisfying then rocketing planets into each other and nuking people across the planet. And shooting down planes from orbit10/10
76561198101620749,Recommended,233250,9200567,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,seen,Awesomeness in videogame form.
76561198091144776,Recommended,233250,9213943,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,ETHAN BRADBERRY,love this game and i think it is awesomebut the newest updqate cause my game to crash please fixother than that id have  to give this game 9 destroyed planets out of 10
76561197992941019,Recommended,233250,9317113,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Dom,"The graphics are simple yet the scale is immense. The dynamics of the systems you can build are satisfying in themselves, gameplay aside; if you like watching orbs orbiting orbs then this is definitely the piece of software for you.This is a new way to experience RTS; on spheroids that are constantly moving. I'm enjoying it just for the systems, but maybe that's just me. I've not ventured too far into the gameplay itself yet, but I can see massive potential."
,Recommended,233250,9407667,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Ace0fspad3s,"REALLY fun game, especially if you're familiar with the old Total Annhiliation games. If you played Supreme commander its simular to that too but definitely more towards TA. The game pace is much slower than something like Starcraft, Company of Heroes, or Command and Conquer but faster then something like Age of Empires. (for me, 1v1's and 2v2's tend to last around 30mins with larger games lasting longer). While not as micromanagement intensive as Starcraft, micromanagement and having a good build order to have a stable economy is definitely a focus in this.I bought it while it was in GAMMA phase of the game (after alpha but before beta, yeah i know i never saw a gamma before either) and it feels pretty good other then: the lack of units that they have yet to add, the bugs, and unit balancing. If you like RTS games I strongly giving this a try if possible! I have had a lot of fun and do not regret my purchase at all, even though I bought it while it was unfinished!"
76561198041240479,Recommended,233250,9435878,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Pinch1,"Epic in scale, challenging and incredibly satisfying!"
,Recommended,233250,9914862,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,TheOtherRhode,GREAT GAME! Would definitly reccomend! I love playing it and have not even touched another RTS since!
,Recommended,233250,10246707,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Uncle Varg,"Violate and plunder pure pristine worlds with your giant feminist hating c o ck of war, penetrating and destroying them by hurling giant metaphorical representations of your seed directly into their core and ruining them forever in a firey holocaust of patriarchal violence and oppression.10/10 would PIV again. Maybe even twice."
76561198017009669,Recommended,233250,10351691,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,mymcdan,Love this fuggin game
76561197988389555,Recommended,233250,10377987,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Kayemef,"Has lots of potentiel, right now units feel a little bit like rock, paper, scissors, shotgun... but still fun and a very daring venture into a new IP"
76561198063438429,Recommended,233250,10528245,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,[=AWOL=]Dragoneel1000,"Best... RTS...Ever... Huge improvement on concept of mass-scale battles by increasing the parameters to be planetary. Some things need to be ironed out like , Better AI, Competent AI, just AI in general, as well as optimization (Apparently people are saying its no good for AMD? and just Nividia? I run fine with an AMD build). Some things need to be added, Maybe a story for Galactic Wars, or a campaign (Not really nessacary but it would be nice (As long as its good)), the ability to restrict In-game units while in lobby, A little more advanced Economy system (I don't think the normal Metal Spots and Generators are going to sit well with me ever), space intercepters (Orbital Fighters aren't fast enough for the job of intercepting traveling space ships). The price is almost all the content in the game, and to come (The price was high in the first place in respect to the backers who payed what? 90$?) And anyways in my opinion Early access games are like pre-ordering but being able to play ahead of time, so yeah, kinda worth more money than it shoud eh? One major thing I request from this is that they add solar systems and then we can increase the lag a little more :D and spread the battles and fun. Nukes are now (Ah crap School bell rang... I'll be back with this later!!!)"
76561198022083770,Recommended,233250,10673342,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,XBATTLELEGEND,Amazing with great strategy
,Recommended,233250,10699904,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,That Guy,Went to a moon.Built rocket engines.Crashed moon into opponenttis was good day.
76561197971290136,Recommended,233250,10710946,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Templar,"Great strategy game, simple at first look, but it has hardcore mechanincs and strategies!"
,Recommended,233250,10805205,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Nipple Goblin. Ph.D.,Amazing game play and expansiveness unseen in RTS. You should play this game.
,Recommended,233250,10863330,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,grimreapaa,Sent the moon hurling into Cybertron after my enemy informed me that he would not surrender.9/10 but only because I couldn't do it with the 5 other moons in the solar system.
,Recommended,233250,10900759,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mr. Flattepoes Rest In Peace <3,Great game to play with friends.
,Recommended,233250,10906304,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Weaponized Cosmo the Cosmic Cat,"Planetary Annihilation is one of the best games I have ever played. It is still in early access, but it already has massive amounts of content. This game never gets old. Who doesn't like blowing up planets?"
76561198045607300,Recommended,233250,10914965,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Definitely not a Cylon,very good game even though its still early access if you liked supreme commander 2 you will love this game
,Recommended,233250,10915158,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Fulmir,"Very fun if you like the Genre. The randomly generated maps, different planets, and spherical playing field all open up interesting possibilities you don't get in most RTS games.Still needs more features and polish but in a very good state all things considered."
76561198069138736,Recommended,233250,10953371,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,StupidHornyJellyFish,"Awesome, just awesome. I do not recommend this game to anyone with a slower than average computer."
,Recommended,233250,10974644,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Nat,"I have never been a fan of the RTS genre, but I decided to pick up this game in the Summer Sale because it looked pretty awesome. The game has quite a steep learning curve, and it is highly recommended to watch some good players to get an idea for what to do. After getting over this learning curve, the game becomes much more fun and you find yourself winning and new players looking up to you. The community is mostly great, with lots of great people who are trying to teach the newbies how to play.In my opinion, the always-online aspect of it has never annoyed me. This is what a lot of early access games do. So long as you're not playing on a dial-up modem you shouldn't have any problems with connecting to the server.Overall I would highly recommend this game even if you don't like the RTS genre."
76561197963418248,Not Recommended,233250,11039802,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,HappyHoneyBadger,"Game can be good, but it is lacking on loading times, true single player (still requires a server), and many graphical glitches.  I understand it is in eta/alpha stage, but come on guys.  GIVE ME MY OWN LOCAL SERVER SO I CAN PLAY SINGLE PLAYER WITHOUT GETTING DROPPED!I wont recommend this game until stuff gets fixed."
,Recommended,233250,10223348,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,farm-rs,Pretty good when it doesn't crash.
,Recommended,233250,10306209,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,TheKOOK,yes
76561198092831394,Recommended,233250,10345924,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Henstocky,"Wow, just wow"
76561198049570036,Recommended,233250,10668974,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kitsunenotsume,"Awesome game, from the scale to the capabiliuties of units and tactics.  It definitely shows as a spiritual successor to Supreme Commander and Total Anihhilation, while bringing it's own weight and nuances to the table.   A top-knoch RTS."
,Recommended,233250,10702938,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,catlad,"nice art style, pretty fun but when more than 400-800 units are in one area, lags horribly"
,Recommended,233250,10713645,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,VanSnaga,"Planet Smashing fun - still a bit of a way to go before release, but there is no RTS that provides this level of detail and scale with a swooping level of control that gives you a chance to manage it all.  Clever use of picture in picture really helps the game and the ability to watch replays boosts your game.  Recommended! (But rememebr it is still pre-release!)."
,Recommended,233250,10750673,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sef,"This game is great for any RTS fan. It contains a good level of depth but isn't too hard to get into. For players new to RTS games I wouldn't be turned off by this game as it is not difficult to get into (i.e you aren't spending hours reading descriptions).In it's current state is it quite buggy and many players have problems with crashes and long loading etc. but most of these can be fixed if you give the support forum a quick visit. Also since the game is in early access not all strategies are perfect and some balancing issues have yet to be resolved.Overall, the game looks good, feels good, and plays smooth and well most of the time. I strongly recommend this game to RTS fans as it only appears to be growing faster and better."
76561198064985177,Recommended,233250,10804843,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,The Peanut Butler,"Great game, needs a load of bug fixing on mac, and it should use STEAM SERVERS. Lags a bit on occaision due to the company streaming through steam. Not a good idea. The game will not let you select anything every now and then and you have to force quit and restart. Luckily you can rejoin all online games if you quit for whatever reason, which is a big plus for an early release game.Overall the game is very addicting and good for stratagy fans that haven't played real time games. Get your friends to get it with you, it is a lot more fun with them (on skype or something)."
,Recommended,233250,10849245,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,lion,Yes. :)
,Recommended,233250,10921977,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Iceymicdue,fantastic game cant wait to see whats added next
,Recommended,233250,10995092,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,『๖ƒ』,Planet Smashing game. This is ground breaking.
,Recommended,233250,4754152,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Dank Lord of All,"It's a fun game, thats why I'm recommending it :D"
76561198025703374,Recommended,233250,9366316,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Brent,"The game currently doesn't have what I feel to be an effective tutorial, but it being in development that really isn't something to complain about.The game looks awesome. I actually prefer stylized graphics to the more realistic ones people go for, and I hope these guys don't change it. It's really a fun looking game right now.The learning curve is steep, but that's not really a major problem either. They provided a sandbox mode that lets you jump in and play without an opponent, thus making it really easy for first time players.I'm excited to see where this ends up."
,Recommended,233250,9365774,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Tobias Mead,"This is great game, so much content and im sure there would be lots more to come, 8.7/10.2"
,Recommended,233250,9370073,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Rebel Squirrel,I love planetary annihilation its one of the best games i ever played. Its only in Gamma right now so im greatly excited for whats coming next! Its the best strategy game there is. If i were you and if i had the cash on me to buy this. I would. I mean like i already have it but this is one of the best games on steam... So... GET IT!
,Not Recommended,233250,13645767,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Knux,"Loaded it up, and really enjoyed the mechanics of jumping from planet to planet.  Unfortunately, the game isn't finished, and never will be.  Bugs are everywhere, the graphics are painfully unoptimized, and when I finally get a good foothold against the AI in a match, the video glitches out and the whole game crashes, closing the match that I'm unable to save (seriously, if you leave it says it will force you to lose, you can't even save progress in a match).  The concept of fighting within a whole solar system is very cool, but after finally purchasing this with a severe discount (something like $7), the blatant problems still made the game not worth it.Pros:-Concept is great, game is very fun when all is functioning properlyCons:-No save system in single player campaign-Pathfinding is awful-Huge video glitches/game crashes-Clunky controls"
76561198043843511,Not Recommended,233250,13669745,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Nick The Trick,Can't get the game to run even as far as the login screen without it locking up.
76561198082527385,Not Recommended,233250,13747834,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,blablo,Linux version:This game is just one big memory leak.You have been warned.
,Not Recommended,233250,13563316,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,fishfighter29,"Backed the game in beta, and now i see the game is only $30. I guess I was expecting a true successor to supreme commander."
76561198031383772,Not Recommended,233250,13593020,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Revanaught,"There is no tutorial.  There is a link to 3 youtube videos which is not a good tutorial, so if you don't know anything about RTS's (like I don't) then you will not have any idea what to do."
,Not Recommended,233250,13603862,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Magic,bought the game for 79 usd now its 29 usd and christmas sale made it 5 usd .... the game has good idea and backgroundbut a hell lot of bugs and servers are pretty much dead u can find anyone playing the game on servers and are very laggy buggy and glitchythe devs are good just have to wait the probs outwhen its time get this game :)
76561197995795956,Not Recommended,233250,13647011,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,smiling_bandit,Would not recommend the single player as the AI always knows where you are and will have 4 commanders in some missions resulting and ofc super weapon tech meaning surprise Planets crashing down on you without you being so much as scouted.
,Not Recommended,233250,13639612,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Xyriin,I like the attempt to bring the 3D planetary scale into a RTS but I feel as if I'm always fighting the game to change my POV. Despite the appreciation of increasing the scope and scale of an RTS I somehow feel it would have been a better game overall if they had limited the planet surface scale.Maybe at some point the control will be better for this kind of 3D scaled RTS but there are too many other superior 'flat' RTS games out there right now for me to sink too many hours into Planetery Annihilation.
76561197996297444,Not Recommended,233250,13703490,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Peter Griffin,"Absolutely terrible, very dissapointing considering how good supreme commander was. It's riddled with bugs and even on the easiest difficulty the AI is nuking you 10 minutes into the game."
,Not Recommended,233250,13746248,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,OFFICE OF INTEGRITY,"Well it's fun. Though I can't really have a fullproof view on it beacuse this is my first RTS game. I have enjoyed it, great art direction and I have had a great time learning its mehcanics. Though the thing is, there just is not enough to have a good game here. No save feature, two lack-luster single player games modes (one of which is practice) and 1 ranked multiplayer type this is a terribly unorignal 1v1 mode that dosen't even use the games main mechanic.No unless you are really wanting a planet v planet game (beacuse it is a really fun game when that happens)"
76561198078432437,Not Recommended,233250,13596199,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Icculus Forbin,"Just don't. Everypost on here saying it's poor from a developer side are right, unfortunately. Don't spend $3 on this game."
76561198041045834,Not Recommended,233250,13629335,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,MrFish,"This game has so much potential, but after managing two games for both of them to crash. Most of my 1.8 hours of play have been spent trying to get a lobby together or get into a game. Unlessed they overhaul the system this game is just in too rough of a condition spend money on, especially the full 29.99 compared to the steam sale price. Maybe in another year this might be worth buying."
,Recommended,233250,16293431,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,STEEL,"Game is good, but its tough for new comers. Online you cant survive. It has long learning curve. But game has great potential."
76561198043862282,Recommended,233250,13635481,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Js.Alba,"Although it is true this game could still use some polishing, it is still an epic scale great RTS. It might not be worth it's original pricetag, but if you see it on sale and are a fan of real time strategy, grab it."
,Not Recommended,233250,13641366,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Grizzly,Can't recommend as I cant get this running on my machine (though I can run BF4 on high settings).
76561198073703623,Not Recommended,233250,13674452,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Tambel,"Sadly disappointed regarding to its ""Total Annihilation"" reference...Won't pay for Kickstarter or Early Access game anymore."
76561197968629632,Not Recommended,233250,13641374,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Drask,"Dion't waste your money. Supreme Commander or Total Annihilation is a far better choice. There's basically only one faction for the whole game, the unit graphics are terrible, and the SP ""campaign"" is just dumb.Really disappointed by this and I regret spending any money on it."
76561198039483107,Not Recommended,233250,13660424,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Sarkubocael,"*** Well people say this company is corrupted and money hungry, scamming people because of false promises... Well from my experience 1 out of 30-40 games turns out the way they say when they develop it... Now i play alot and i mean alot, i own mostly indie games and i have been following this game from its start but gave up waiting because of the larger price for an alpha. Now i bought it on a disscount and here is my opiniton:The game reminds me alot of Command and Conquer Zero Hour, but here u dont just have a small map, u have planets. Building is streamed so you lose resourses as its built whych means if its destroyed in the process you dont lose 100% of the resourses needed but just the 40-50-60% depends on how far u constructed the building. Player vs Player is great, you can pick words from 1 planet to 4-5 planets from what i saw, and planets come in few types. Earth like planets have water for naval units and trees that need to be dissposed off before u can build, moon planets usually have more metal and they are pure space for building since no theres or rocks, lava planets have lava whych u cant walk on or build on and few rocks here and there, then there are snowy, rocky planets asteroids and gas planets that can onli be mined from the orbit. As a single player, you have galactic war and skirmish, skirmish is just a game where u pick an AI and just fight him while in galactic war u have to unlock load outs u start with, and on start u have basic ground tech avaliable. As u conquer and explore planets u unlock more and more tech, with the limit taht u can onli pick 3 tech from the start and expand on how manny u can have by finding tech slot upgrades. Now this is where the SP comes to have prbs because the tech u find is random, sometimes u find 10x same tech, sometimes u dont ever find a tech upgrade slot meaning u can pick 3 technologyes, then u start a fight with 4 planets and u have no way to reach your enemie because the basic units cant build fast enuff when they land before u get destroyed by their units. AI in galactic war has full tech unlocked and 95% of the time uses massiver AIR force over anything. Basicly there are 4 factions in galactic war and u pick 1 then fight the other 3. But they are not any different, they just have different colors, from tactics they just swarm aircraft then expand into other planets and then build nukes or crash a planet, they are rly predictable.Overall its a RTS with massive battles, since units are built and destroyed fast, 2 resourses whych are energy and metal, ground, air, naval, and robot units, Orbital structures and different types of satelites, few ultimate weapons and alot of destruction and fun. Id recommend the game to everyone, especialy now on holyday sales where the game is on a 80% disscount and costs 3x less than its worth.Go get it and enjoj! ***Everything from the first *** to the next *** was wrote before i realized how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is... When u play matches or last fights in galactic war they usually take over 50-90 minutes, and you cant save the game... and then game usually keeps crashing everytime u go over the 50 to 90 mins of gameplay. This is a big ♥♥♥♥ you from the developers not fixing this bug because its been there since they made the shity game, dont buy this crap, ul just end up frustrated because u get into a fight then it just tells u "" close this apliacation"" or in other words "" u enjojing it? well ♥♥♥♥ you im crashing""."
,Not Recommended,233250,13668859,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Lem,First time I played this I never had a issue but now every time I start this game I will get to play for about 2-10 minuites and it will crash for no aparent reason.
,Not Recommended,233250,13770585,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,mananan,Terribly unstable.
76561198087213931,Recommended,233250,13778261,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,LeadoffSundew1,"First of all the gameplay is fantastic, the cartoony graphics are awesome, the gameplay is just phenomenal. However, it is very un optimised, It crashes occasionally and if i start a game with more than 4 planets it freaks out and I even had to restart my computer once. The menus are v ery laggy sometimes. I still recommend the game very much for the gameplay."
,Recommended,233250,13682538,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mr.Flabs,"What an epic game. I have had it since beta and to see it progress through its stages has been truely remarkable. A lot of the reviews say that the game is unfinished and that is completely true however that is not a bad thing. The game is being updated constantly with new features and they said in their videos that they have released that they will continue to support this game for a very long time so no need to worry. The community? Brilliant. Uber listens to the community and greatly supports feedback for the game and they constantly respond on forums. The mods are fantastic as well and add a lot of variation to the game and Uber's goal was to have a strong modding community and dang is it strong. Such amazing content! Now time for the gameplay. This game is not supreme commander, starcraft II or dawn of war. What is it then? It is a new idea brought to life. With your spherical maps you can attack from all angles and also provides a more cinematic experience. Orbital is awesome and traveling to different planets and waging war on them is very satisfying. The superweapons are awesome and the first time you use them will blow you away on how cool they are. I dont know many games where you can smash planets into one another or build a giant death laser and blow them up. I got the game for 60 bucks back in beta and my overall opinion? Best decision ever. After all in this game you dont win. You Annihilate"
,Not Recommended,233250,13596046,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Rayboy,"Seems pretty unoptimized for AMD cards. Doesn't lag but I have fps drops every five seconds or so, makes this pretty unplayable."
76561198110086854,Not Recommended,233250,13703510,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,LuddyTheLegend,"This has honestly been an enjoyable game untill i got bored of playing with AI and wanted to play online. I went to multiplayer to try and play and the ""join game"" button is completely useless because it doesn't do s***. After I figured ""ok multiplayer won't workl"" I go to start an AI Skirmish and It fails to start the game. I try doing a 1v1 ranked... NOPE. Nothing I want to play but I can't because in its current state it is sooo buggy that you literally can't play it."
,Not Recommended,233250,13674354,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,i_Go_SpLaT,"Badly balanced, it feels clunky and sickeningly unpolished. As the hugest fan of TA and SC (the second was a downhill slide but still playable) this game is a giant turd. It bit off far more than it could chew, the concept is dramatic, but the planets are so strangely small, dull, un-detailed, and the camera controls will literally give you a headache. Pathfinding doesn't work properly, sea units are worthless, land units are slightly less worthless, air units are obscenely overpowered, purely because the concept of a spherical map with bad pathfinding simply will not work.Graphically, it's just missing the mark on the detail, the units look muddy and unvaried.I think the problem is that there is an enormous amount of micromanagement required, and yet, the game wants to have this grand scale.I've been trying to play since gamma, and it just doesn't come together. They keep improving details here and there, but the core concept is just not teneble. I can't recommend the game even on future potential, honestly, because unless the core design changes, this is really just one of those crazy, cool ideas that simply couldn't pan out."
76561198008370300,Not Recommended,233250,13738403,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,NerdingAround,"I am actually torn between a good review and a bad one. I guess I was expecting more from this game and also got what I expected from mthe price I got. I have seen a lot of negative reviews and really dont know where to put it. I have been wanting this game for a long time since its alpha days but it was too high to jump in and I picked this up when it was $8.99.The good was the price, I paid for it but honestly I was not expecting a really fast paced RTS, I am not good at those at all. I dont feel like I wasted cash because well it was cheap. This game has a lot of potential if the Devs are still listening to us as players. I love the concept, planets, ways to destroy your enemy and so on.I dont like how really fast pace it can be in some rounds, I cant save in the middle of batles and the occasional crash from time to time, but that might be my machine, over all this game is really awesome there are just some minor issues Devs need to touch up on. Would I recommend this.......If I knew anybody who enjoyed Supreme Commander or anything like that because this is not really strategy, if all it is you are doing is Zerging your opponent. Anyone else who is really thinks out planning and such I would not. So in the long run......."
,Not Recommended,233250,13418827,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Milan Mree Frozen,"Wow, this game gave me a huge sense of nostalgia for Metal Fatigue. Almost tempted to reinstall that game to be honest especially considering it was better.Excuse me let me change that. 'IS' better. Go check out Metal Fatigue. Don't bother with this game, not even on a sale (like I did). I'll explain why.Number one: The aesthetics to this game feel alright at the beginning. You get the sort of feeling that it's meant to be stylized and greatly reminded me of Metal Fatigue as I said before. Unfortunately that's pretty much as far as it goes. For any sort of small details this game fails. Planets quickly become bland and the same. The solar systems really aren't much to look at either. The game starts you off small and really...that's it. It never gives you any more. No variety to visuals beyond a handful of planet types. The game is far from beautiful or inspiring. No special emotions come about from any view angle in the game.Number Two: Minimal single player experience. The game doesn't even have a tutorial for christ sake. It has this thing called 'galactic war' which is like a series of solar systems you have to conquer, but there isn't much point to it at all because at some point you're going to go. 'This is the same as the last mission and the next will be the same too.' and realize that you've gotten to see the entire game. Not just that, but there is this forced 'tech' system where you have to discard old tech to make room for new ones. What kind of machine am I that I can't hoard technology and information? It also ruins any sense of progression in the game since I'm not actually accumulating anything. Just trudging along. But hey they simulate being an idiotic machine pretty well. You can teach a machine new tricks, if there is a thinking being in existence. Unfortunately for this game, there is not and there wasn't one when the game was being made.The bullet point is 'there is no flavor'. No 'oh you started on a destabilized planet that will have a catastrophic meeting with the sun so you need to get off it'. The galactic laser cannon was kind of neat for like...five seconds...then it was boring since it only serves another means to an end. Still the game lacks flavor and progression. This game is bland beyond a reasonble amount. It is not worth the amount a lot of people probably paid for it.Number Three: Not a lot of gameplay aspects or variety in general. You got your ground to ground tanks, your ground to air, your anti ground to ground, your air to air...you get what I'm going with yet? It's all very generic and there doesn't appear to be much more to it. There's 3 layers. Ground, air, orbital. Orbital technically exists as the only other layer because the 'space between' is literally just traveling. Nothing occurs there. No space battles, asteroid fields or special events. Just planet fights (oh btw, your units can shoot the ground while aiming at the enemy. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this was the most hilariously bad thing. I guess the devs don't know what gravity is. What kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ design leaves your tanks shooting the dirt instead of shooting along the gravitational pull of the planet?) Also boats are useless. There's usually one body of water per planet and even fi they're on the same planet, near the water, you won't be destroying any 'important' buildings from the water. Which is another thing. There aren't any important buildings aside from vehicle production, teleporters (during an invasion) and the defense turrets. Sure you can attack the energy makers and metal production crap, but it's not like it has an effect on the AI. Which btw the Ai is stupid as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Gather your guys all up and attack and then back off and attack and back off. Nevermind the fact he's slowly getting whittled away by turrets and artillery.Number Four: Awful camera controls. I can't even bind keys to my fourth, fifth and sixth mouse buttons. I also tried messing with different camera modes and they suck too! The free camera is too slow to be useful. There also isn't a quick way to swap between using AWDS keys to move and then back to attack mode (which is what I thought it would be doing). Instead it puts you in this slow moving mode where you are at a fixed angle and trying to change angle results in being detached from the planet. Who thought these controls would be useful?Number Five: Shameless front page advertising. This isn't really a huge complaint, it's just a pretty big indication of what the company is all about. The first thing I see when loading up the game is 'videos' and 'twitch' stuff. I don't know about you guys but when I load up a game I intend to play it, not watch other people play it. This kind of stuff should be a 'selection option' not front page material where it's forced into my face. I should at least be able to get rid of it or put stuff I like there.Number Six: The game runs like a brick. This game is so poorly optimized that it lags for me in the map selection screen no matter what graphics I set it on. I also constantly get resource utilization messages popping up and my CPU is struggling to survive. I can run other, much prettier games smooth as butter, but this one seems like it's trying to subvert my pc into a killing machine. Also it's crashed on me near the end of a mission twice. Talk about unstable piece of crap.Final Word: I hate to say it, but this game is soulless, just like the devs that made it. Do not expect great things from the game. The robots have the power to move planets, but don't build space ships. How stupidly designed are they?!? If you absolutely must buy it then get it on a huge sale for like 5 bucks like I did. It's simply not worth the money. Go out and play metal fatigue instead. Seriously. It's a lot more fun."
,Not Recommended,233250,13650535,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,prototypeOEZ,fun game but horrendously optimisedgame crashes most of the time when you are trying to load up a worlddon't buy this game until they optimise it
76561198076625806,Recommended,233250,13966462,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Bend Sinister,"Fun, unique RTS game"
,Recommended,233250,14106993,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Radio Russ,I am thoroughly enjoying this game.
,Recommended,233250,9114264,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Fireblade,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing sweet.
76561198043289025,Not Recommended,233250,13655534,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Vukodlac,"Please tell me this isn't the finished product, I'm glad I bought it on sale cuz this game is NOTHING like TA."
,Recommended,233250,9125298,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Torch Boy,"this game is amazeballs, it's fresh, challenging and freaking badass. it's everything you want in an RTS. 10/10 would annihilate planets again."
76561198045609051,Recommended,233250,10454800,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Mr-Fahrenheit_,"If you're going to get this game, keep playing it because otherwise you will forget how to play."
76561198006591289,Recommended,233250,10455388,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Sen isSaqqara,A pretty great game. Certainly lives up to the legacy of Supreme Commander and Total Annihilation.
76561198016208350,Recommended,233250,10510576,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Ranman,"I bought this game early in the early access period. I'm really happy with how it has turned out thus far. This is a really unique, cool strategy game and did i mention it's hard?This game is hard! But in a good way. There's so many didderent strategies and the computer AI arent lazy. I don't know if I just suck at the game but a normal AI gives me a run for my money.Worth the money. It's still in development as they write this so I hope they just polish it a little more."
76561198033820213,Recommended,233250,11062305,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Tigercub72,GAMe wont even start.....paid 50 bucks and am dissappointed.
76561197993193325,Recommended,233250,11078775,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Honest Abe,"This game rocks if you like RTS. Fast paced and very cool graphics. Balance is still an issue, but hey, it's early access."
,Recommended,233250,11117680,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,MichiganBro,Got destroyed by a moon colliding into my planet. 10/10. why are you still reading this. buy it.
,Recommended,233250,11076877,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,subtractison,Can use moon as a missile 10/10
,Recommended,233250,11084610,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,<- Nicht Mario,"I really enjoy Planetary Annihilation, despite not liking RTS otherwise.- The learning curve....doesn't seem too steep and the units are pretty straight forward and don't need brutal micromanagement because they don't have special skills to activate. On top of that you get some prettyawesome and powerful toolsto ease the micromanagement of your armies like patrol a route or area and other things like ""reclaim area"" which saves up a lot of thinking and micromanaging when you start to scale your war efforts up to hundreds of units (each commandable on it's own).- The game play is....quite well already and doesn't feel as incomplete as other Early Access games. Definitly worth playing now, despite minor hickups and laggs when things get hot (though this might be more a problem of m 4 year old gaming notebook). The fact that you're fighting on multiple maps (planets) makes it so much more engaging than having a fixed strategy for a certain map and executing it quicker and better than the other player means winning the game.- Multi-Team and dynamic-Teams....really is something I missed in the last years (though I didn't try that many RTS). The last RTS I remember having dynamic alliances was C&C Red Alert (1). It adds so much to the game when you can actively react to the game flow other than building units. It means you interact with the player and not only the game. And of course, having multiple planets goes so well with having multiple teams. I've watched massive games with 25 people fighting in teams of 5 over one planet and I've watched a game on youtube where they played 5v10v10 where they ended the game with a massive annihilation of the primary planet when a team gained control of the two moons. Really intensifies the gameplay beyond simple warfare.- Galactic War....is the sort-of singleplayer campain where I'm currently learning to play different strategies. You start out only having access to the vehicle factory (first commander you have) and within one war (campain) you add new abilities by defeating foes on planet systems. I do hope they add coop galactic war and extend it (add a new game mode) which is like Tactical Commander/Shatterd Galaxies and Planet Side 2 where you take over Systems as part of a greater group of players. I do believe that's being planned but I don't know for sure.- Ongoing development....I don't usually count this as a bonus point because it usually also means the current game feels incomplete, however, Planetary Annihilation is already stable and complex enough to enjoy for hours on end. At this point, having new stuff flowing in just adds to the fun.- System Editor....create your own systems and planet designs to fit special multiplayer matches. What's not to love about that?All in all I'm glad I picked up during summer sale and excited to have an RTS for once that doesn't annoy me."
,Recommended,233250,11089758,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Smokey,great game
,Recommended,233250,11096997,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,hey man,God this is one of the best games I have ever played I love this game so much. Highly recommended.
76561198074042816,Recommended,233250,16283318,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Steve the hunter of tri.,Two words................THE ANNIAHLAZOR!!!!
76561198050155770,Recommended,233250,14477655,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,DWAYNE JOHNSON 2016,James doesnt like this game because he has AIDS
76561197960964958,Recommended,233250,14900462,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,cQ`,"Epic RTS-game. Makes me think of big, bigger, biggerererer...You start building on a planet.. And in the end you try taking over the Universe, planet by planet. Set up is quiet large. Altho if you want to play in big Universes, you have to have a lot of memory to get this fixed. Imo best RTS with best potential at the moment!"
,Recommended,233250,15100494,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,King Cyrus the Great,"good game, this may sound a little far fetched but can we have star fleets where huge squadrons of star fighters intercept enemy fighters in space (and we can view these battles and control our fighters), these fleets can include a planet cracker that can threaten an entire planet but may be shot down from the ground.Metal for though(sorry for bad english)"
76561198045733062,Recommended,233250,15724587,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Hallucinova,"Epic RTS.Will test your abilities.Huge armies, Huge bases, many viable strategies.Best RTS in years."
,Recommended,233250,16294302,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,PyroFlames,"Planetary is in my opinion one of the best strategy games out there, i mean what other game can you crash two planets together right?!Overall very good game well worth 100+ hours.Please note if you dont like strategy games that much this might not be for you."
,Recommended,233250,16296563,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,SpaceKookie,"Fun game with interesting gameplay, some balance issues but generally fair fights.Ranges between ""perfectly playable"" to ""insanely buggy and frustrating"".Running on Fedora 20 x64"
,Recommended,233250,15208123,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,TheGoldenKnights,"I'd been interested in this game for quite some time. I didn't buy it during it's original launch because it was like $100+. But when it went on sale a while back, I bought it I was quite excited as I had seen some of the gameplay on youtube and I enjoyed many other RTS games. This game more than certainly entertained me, and played out my enjoyment of RTS games. I didn't do much Multiplayer however because my system is to slow to handle this beast of a game.-My hardware. 2core, i3 3.2ghz processor. GTX 550Ti 1gb graphics card. 8 Gb ram.Obviously my system isn't built for this game, but it does its job as best it can.  The game is very unstable on machines like mine. I tried to crash a moon into a 1300 mass planet... My system locked up for a few minutes, while the game crashed. At least I took the enemy commander with me >:D.I do recommend this game, but make sure your system can handle the load, otherwise you wont enjoy the game to its fullest."
76561197970904819,Not Recommended,233250,15238561,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Michael Barrymore,Just not good enough. A lacklustre game that doesn't get close to the benchmark - Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance. That is still a better game on every level. This game is a still a buggy mess with very little to enjoy and it concerned me straight away when the developer was kicking off new projects before this was finished.
,Recommended,233250,15824217,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,H2O_Unicorn,SOOOOO MUCH FUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198039231470,Recommended,233250,15856372,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,xEvilMuffin,"This is the most epic strategy game a have ever played,if it's on sale get it 100%"
76561198098105814,Recommended,233250,15857892,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,MoonAppleSeed,Great game 10/10 : )
,Recommended,233250,15160210,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Destil,Killing off planets is fun! Real RTS. And funny too. Unfortunately I lost interest pretty soon.
76561198090507393,Recommended,233250,15178042,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Sir Ferfwaf,"It's a fun game, few problems with it though are there is no pop cap, which the ai will abuse with little care for your pc. Anonther is the fact that it crashes so easily, like I can't load up big systems or it will just won't launch for more then a couple of minutes. I'll keep it on recommended though, just because when you do get the game to work, you can have some of the funniest experiences and the best hold outs as the enemy sends countless for you to blow apart."
,Recommended,233250,15157409,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Tabris,too good
76561198142668521,Recommended,233250,16383769,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,amcl86,Awesome game with some amazing mechanics and graphics!Not worth full price though.My only complaint is that if you lose once in a galactic war you have to start over again...
76561197967961808,Recommended,233250,16540432,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Eightball,"Just like Total Annihilation only on a planet to planet scale! Even the battle ground itself is vulnerable to annihilation! There are more than three battles (land, sea, and air). There are also orbital attacks and battles."
76561198037121137,Not Recommended,233250,17688203,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Wzrd,Expensive pre-release that promised all updates forever. Convenient re-titling for en extra handful of units and forced pay wall. Makes the game up to 130$ for some. No game is worth that much. Never buy a game form Uber again.
,Not Recommended,233250,17881509,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Rabbit in a Hat,"STAY AWAYDevelopment is slow, full of bugs, wich is to be expected of a alpha/beta game.However instead of finishing game, developers already releases a expansion?!?!♥♥♥♥ing rip off, how can u make an expansion for a unfinished game? well simple: money milking!"
,Recommended,233250,14788665,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Monkie,"I loved total annihilation, and this game is a very very worthy sequel, i normally dislike rts games, but this one has been a lot of fun"
76561198113707504,Recommended,233250,15853406,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,SuPeRcAt846,This game. Its so. AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! When i play it i have the feeling of that i have the power of the universe. I Absolutely LOVE it.
76561198053943565,Recommended,233250,15854869,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,GeForce,"Any average RTS player can understand 90% mechanics of the game in less than 15 minutes.Don't listen random COD fans who thinks this game is so complex... OMGOMG it's so bad cuz no totorial!!111Also, low price/constant discounts doesn't mean anything about gameplay quality at all."
,Recommended,233250,15235371,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Wrecking Potato,"This game is, once you understand the mechanics, a lot of fun to play. Most bugs got fixed, only the loading screens are a bit slow. Requires a pretty good pc tho. Plus, you can blow up planets with an orbital laser. 8/10"
76561198010917907,Recommended,233250,15415778,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Maverick,Best RTS ever!
76561198049104695,Recommended,233250,15827030,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Tombs,Bought it early on and have never been disappointed the best RTS in years.
,Recommended,233250,16363296,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Equaliser,"You can crash a moon into a planet and still play the game. Power the death star and destory a planet.By now you should be buying this game but if that hasn't happened yet well.....Even in early access this game was wonderful, its a got the CAC 800+ units feature. Runs pretty well on my 2013 (then) high end rig. Its pretty well optimized IMO.Its got a niche art style but its glorious.You can start building tanks or robots (infantry), or ships or planes/VTOls. Then you progress into orbital satellites which can destory stuff or fight other satellites even pick you up and transport you to the moon or another planet.Then from this moon you can build a rocket and ram the moon into the planet or build an interplanetary nuclear missle launch site or use a massive cannon to fire units on the planet.This is a fantastic game which i hope is still being improved not that it needs it, its only to make it better.If you enjoy  RTS games then there's a high chance you'll like this game."
76561198079806825,Recommended,233250,16295477,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,TheBananaGun,I love thos game but the only thing i hate is the crashes on the Mac OS.There is also a bug were the commander wont even show on the map or anything.Also the galatic war is a little harder then it was before.i cant get much tech at the beggining so i lose every battle.can you please fix it.
,Not Recommended,233250,17604437,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Algitor,So sad. Its happened the same♥♥♥♥♥♥like with Fallen Enchantress. This must stop!!! Just money stealing!!! Shame on you devs.
76561198058091330,Not Recommended,233250,17605116,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,SteelHeart,a rather laggy game that was way overpriced for what we got. shame my first round actauly lasted long enough to make it invalid for refund.DO NOT BUY THIS OR ITS EXPANSION.
,Not Recommended,233250,17626072,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,dwight schrute,Two words : Wasted potential.
,Not Recommended,233250,17605214,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Cpt.FishFingers,"Completely pointless and absolutely disgusted at the fact that Planetary Annihilation : TITANS - Is what should of been added to this game, it fixes a lot of bugs and adds a lot of musics, removed the blandness and linear gameplay, it adds variety and pretty much completes this gameBut will we get it? no, they are now charging the price of a full game for it, so if you want to go and throw another £30 at them then go and getThis is pretty much an expensive alpha test that doesn't give you the full game"
,Not Recommended,233250,17620436,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,chameleon,"I'm a huge TA fan and continue to play Supreme Commander to this day, so I want to see PA succeed. However, I am not willing to follow along and repurchase what should essentially be DLC (TITANS) on top of the current release. What makes this situation even worse is that the current community that owns PA is essentially abandoned. You can't purchase the original game anymore. If I want to play with friends that do not already own PA we're all going to have to buy TITANS instead of me simply gifting a copy of PA to them. What a scam!"
76561198017451492,Not Recommended,233250,17620599,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Phlange,"Errm, did i kinda just get robbed?"
,Not Recommended,233250,17621117,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Nemrodh {HoRS},sorry have to say no to this. the game isnt complete and now they are charging for a new game that this should be. sorry bad company with a sub par game.
,Not Recommended,233250,17604927,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,MrRazerWolf[MaxumInfinium],"Uber is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, they released another planetary annihilation for $30.00 when this one isnt even finished or even close! And they release it with a discount that many wont be able to use due to being short and many people away for the summer. This version is still extremely broken and un-optimized. If you want to make a good game uber, FIX THIS ONE FIRST."
,Not Recommended,233250,17605221,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Eros,"I've played this game since Early Access and watched it grow into a mediocre RTS. Now they (UBER) anounces PA: TITANS a stand alone expansion for PA. The gameplay of PA: TITANS is that of vanilla PA but with extra units and gameplay that could have been added in a patch, but UBER desided they would rather milk their community and rip off those that purchased and aided in the developement of vanilla PA by releasing PA: TITANS as what PA should have been. To remedy this UBER lazily offers a discount for those that have been screwed out of their money and game. I personally won't be purchasing anything released by UBER ever again."
76561198042277834,Not Recommended,233250,17620749,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Xagran,"Payed a lot for this game, expecting a successor to Supreme Commander. Got a middle finger from the dev and Supreme Commander's mentally challenged and crippled brother.Don't buy, not for this price get Supreme Commander 1 or 2 for half the price and a superior experience."
76561198028629164,Not Recommended,233250,17621078,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Schpankie,"Where to startIm not sure whether the game has symmetrical factions becauseA. the develpers are partially stuck in the 90sB. they couldnt be bothered to balance different factionsC or they were just outright lazy.These people made more than twice what their kickstarter wanted and suckered people in to pay 90 dollars to test the game for them because ""they only wanted hardcore fans""The game released with promised features missingIt launched with a plethora of bugs and other♥♥♥♥♥♥Now theyve released a standalone 40 dollar expansion with no discount for prior owners unless you backed through kickstarter.Do yourself a favor and get supreme commander forged alliance. That game has infinitely better balance, 4 fully fledged factions, actual experimentals that don't come in an extra 40 dollar expansion and a commuity that legitimately cares about the game with the main project adding a fifth faction among other updates.  Oh and the game isnt riddled with technical problems and has an actual single player"
76561198014056212,Not Recommended,233250,17626086,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Aaronbill3 the Llama SalesMan,"why would anyone buy this after PA: titans was released? OH thats right because the devs are shady as hell, and that expand-alone has everything this game has and more"
76561198079851411,Not Recommended,233250,17626664,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,YEEhad,released new game that should've been dlc to the original
76561198000587631,Not Recommended,233250,17620064,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Denim Chicken,"Biggest hyped piece of crap ever.  Oh, and now they want more money for ""Titans"" which has the stuff promised in this game.  Avoid this company like the plague."
,Not Recommended,233250,17606920,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Darkanrath©,"===SPOILERS===(If you think describing things that you can see in the trailer that..)I have a lot to say, but for now I'll simply state that I was looking forward to a great game that reminded me of Supreme Commander (not the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 2nd one). At first I was excited and it looked like a game that could grow into something amazing...but multiple things went wrong:-AI pathing isn't the best. Not horrible, but has many problems when ordering commands.-The types of units are irrelevant because there are only a few you really need to win without building the others.-Issues an ok amount of map control, but all you really need to do is take over an asteroid and ram it into the enemy base...or use the giant tech planet laser...LASTLY, is that they had the nerve to not only stop their progression with this game, but they made a completely new one that gives this game plus a DLC. Funny part is you can't buy the DLC part for this game, so you have to cough up another 40$ if you want the DLC they call ""TITANS"".EDIT==| Owners of the original PA can get the new one for 66% off but only for the next month or so.===Please do not buy this game if you had really high hopes==="
,Not Recommended,233250,17607559,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Sir.Raphell,"♥♥♥♥ these guys, and their♥♥♥♥♥♥buisness practice. Releasing an unplayable game, and then, giving out ""free"" expansion, which is the same ♥♥♥♥ing game. ♥♥♥♥'em, seriously."
76561198116183254,Recommended,233250,16483516,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,jiZz,Its  a great game and has relly cool features with people supporting this game! Its only problem is you need a pretty powerful computer to use it.
76561198038126507,Not Recommended,233250,17607170,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Face of Mercy,"With the release of another game being just an improvement that should have been done to this game, don't give these creators money. Scum. Alot of scum.They really jsut want large amounts of money. Look them up and then their kickstarter, then look at the prices they set. It hurts mama."
76561197984201028,Not Recommended,233250,21869855,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Linu☭,"Terrible implementation for linux. Barely work on windows. Optimization goes to hell. Game with great potential ruined by low programmers. Commanders for cash, when all of them should be free when you already pay for a game.Gameplay:Not bad if we are about to forget lack of optimization. Big variety of building, interesting not schematic singleplayer, while you need fight to acquire techs. But daaamn, why it is writen so badly..."
76561198057776051,Not Recommended,233250,13595913,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Mitch,"just dont, especially if your a fan of rts. prepare for a feeling of regret to wash over you.. then again i pre-ordered it at a rediculas price. when it gets down to 2 dollars, youll only feel a slight hatred towards your purchase"
,Not Recommended,233250,13601328,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,C4rdos,"This game looks amazing, plays well, is good fun, until you get to half our in and realise that your units are completely pointless. This is due to the fact you put all your efforts into anti-nuke measures, cannons and umbrellas. Then make a load of nukes and fire as many as possible at your opponent. Boom done! None of that firing planets at eachother that you see online. The only way that is remotely possible is if you both decide to be peaceful from the first moment and you want to royally ruin the game for one unlucky person. This game needs some serious balancing.Your entire game ends if one particular unit (with hardly any health) is detroyed....... 1 Robot versus a nuke? You lose."
,Not Recommended,233250,19776094,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Deathriders,Just buy Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance
,Not Recommended,233250,19830206,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,friedfuse,"Greedy b#####ds, Dont buy uber games."
,Not Recommended,233250,20311786,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Bones,Really bad game. I have not played it since I first bought it. Super vanilla and boring.
,Recommended,233250,28732279,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,CogitoProxy,"Cosmic backer who shilled out 340 freedom pesos back in alpha for 2 different game accounts. Pretty fun with friends, scale is a bit to big for me to easily play. Prefer AoE or something like that for an RTS."
,Not Recommended,233250,13602697,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Crunchynut,"UPDATE:As of August 25th 2015, the game company posted up PA: Titans - a standalone expansion - that updated broken things/bugs with PA (but only in the standalone! Base game players are EFFED in the A), divides the community behind the enormous price for what essentially is a DLC at best, and breaks many many more things with the game making it unplayable for those who purchased it.I'm sure PA: Titans was not planned, as by the looks of it, the overall concept of the expansion was a result of unused assets going to waste from their failed attempt to get backers for another game (Human Resources) due to their extremely bad rep gained from PA's release and on-going subpar updates.Support the cause (petition):https://www.change.org/p/uber-entertainment-planetary-annihilation-titans-stop-making-us-pay-for-what-we-already-paid-for?-//old review//-Don't let the overall positive review fool you. It's sub-par at best. Would not reccomend."
76561198051199604,Not Recommended,233250,13603553,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ChokingHazard44,"Trailer 10/10.Gameplay 5/10.Cooler concept than Supreme Commander, but not well executed."
,Not Recommended,233250,13621175,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,PandaHammer,"Before you buy this full release game that totally isn't early access, honest, I suggest you look at the community discussions.  BUG AFTER BUG AFTER BUG.  I'm playing this on linux, and the game will randomly crash and lose all progres.Game is broken, do not buy."
,Not Recommended,233250,20329972,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Swagmaster,GUI is confusing as hell and is near impossible to navigate...The whole game is confusing as hell and near impossible to navigate...I'd rate it 2/5 stars... don't buy this game.
,Not Recommended,233250,20400251,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,[DKZ] TeamX76,"Terrible. I paid £39.99 for an early access game that was never completed. And then you release Titans, which tbh for TA and SupCom those things were included. how can you go PA>PA:T when the originals had those in already.Once more 10 of my steam friends have this game, my housemate being one of them. And we feel wronged if not robbed/conned (i have asked). Sadly, because it's through steam it's apparently all very legal.You lost a customer.RIP SupCom and TA. Nevermore."
,Not Recommended,233250,20405839,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Khonsumos,Poor business model releasing the expansion when this game lacks content
,Not Recommended,233250,21839967,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Jamesno3,More dissapointing then Fallout 4
,Recommended,233250,25604923,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,treecast,it's ok but it isn't worth the money you pay for it and has a few bugsi would recommend but only if you have a good computer
,Not Recommended,233250,20462319,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,[3305]  Longscope,"Uber has stopped supporting this game, and re-released a patched version to get rid of all the negative reviews... and they want you to buy it again.Dont support this kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561197997595619,Not Recommended,233250,21066557,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,KillFace,"Why is this even available for sale?! Those crooks at Uber just released what should have been the finished product as a seperate game! I paid $80 for early access, only to see the price rapidly decrease even before release. Now I'm expected to pay again to get the finished product? I call fraud."
,Recommended,233250,27199637,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ALLLIK,"Glad I discovered this game. The maps are without limits, the rectangle space that you used to play within is over. Now you have to travel on a 3D map. Travel through space, conquer new planets, protect you base from nuclear attacks, build nuclear rockets, slam your ennemy with massive armies as the number of units you can build is unlimited. The nukes you can send is also unlimited. Just pure fun.9/10."
76561198035230266,Not Recommended,233250,13595999,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Bladewind,"This game reminds you of the good old days of Total Annihilation... now on a sphere instead of flat terrain.  But be very mindful of the system requirement as doing anything heavy duty (e.g. crashing moon on to planet) causes massive lag/potential crash.  I am hoping the dev. can work on optimizing this part of the game play.Also, I wish it has more in-game resources to teach you how to use the various planet busters.  You do make crashing a moon into the planet a key selling feature of this game...  but it took me time to research on the web to figure it out you can only put it on planets with the thruster icons...  Time I would rather spent in-game.  Looking at how other people play doesn't always tell me what I want to know.I would not recommend this game unless you got a good system and a hardcore RTS fan.  Learning curve is steep (e.g. learn game controls such as area build from forum and videos on the web, etc.), and you have to continuously expand on 3D spherical worlds and be able to manage multiple theaters.  If any of this sounds daunting or if you are new to RTS, this game is not for you.Be ready to invest time into this game...  I tried to dive straight into Galactic War to learn the game... only to have to take a step back to research on the web how to play (e.g. Area build).  Even with Google, you won't find a lot of straight answers, and you are stuck spending time to watch replay/tutorial videos... which is a real time sink.  When I am finally feel ready to take another crack at the AI commander...  game lag/crash out on me (latest driver, 64-bit Win 7, etc.).  So I am kinda disappointed.  Guess this will have to wait until I upgrade the video card."
76561198043207181,Not Recommended,233250,13599134,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Gnarkzsch,You can't do s*** until you create an PlayFab Account. Really? You can't even quit the game O_o?!?  Where is the offline mode?Don't buy this unless you hate your money and want to be disappointed.
,Not Recommended,233250,13601003,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,sad(ly) mistake(n),"Was a very good game during BETA,Unless planetary weapons have been balanced, such as the planet-destroying laser, the game is lopsided.Would Not recommend unless changes are made, as initial leader in unit fabrication will most likely develop this planet laser first. As the weapon has no use limit, you are free to destroy every planet until the enemy command comes to your planet.I wish the beta was back :("
76561198007863308,Not Recommended,233250,13606247,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,burg4401,loved the game but quickly found  that it was just zerg wars with an Ai that knows where you are.
76561198039506014,Not Recommended,233250,13606639,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,CheekiBreeki,No.
76561198102941949,Not Recommended,233250,15566525,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,TheDayzBambi,"I dont know why, but for whatever reason this game just will not work for the steam version, i'm not sure if this is the same across the board, but just know that if you buy this game on steam, it may not work, and that is why i can't recomend it."
,Not Recommended,233250,19861769,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Barba,This game is the reason I don't buy games on early access anymore. Not even close to being finished this game is. STAY AWAY.
,Not Recommended,233250,20464554,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,AmmieKatt,No tutorials and confusing gameplay. Game seemed unfinished when I first got it and still seems unfinished now. 0/10 would not recommend.
,Not Recommended,233250,20471244,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,auf Wiedersehen!,A patch to this game was released as seperate store item on steam in order to reset the negative reviews on this one.Fraud.
76561197974009932,Not Recommended,233250,22894789,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Big Sausage,This game is a poor successor to total annihilation and was a total let down. The graphics are poor and the planets are so small You feel like You are playing on a tennis ball.
,Not Recommended,233250,13594342,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Jaxo,"I strongly advise not to buy the game. The multiplayer seems to be stuck with a philosophy and netcode from 10 years ago. It's hugely unrealiable and I often dropped out of games with friends that I was on skype with at the same time, without even having a hickup in the skype conversation.What adds insult to injury is the fact that each play lasts quite a while and there is no option to save a game. Not even in singleplayer. That alon isn't too big of a deal though since the singleplayer has so little content and is so horrid I was sort of glad then the game disconnected me because I did not have to continue playing this awful mess. And yes: you require an internet connection for singleplayer, which combined with aforementioned problems makes for an experience so ♥♥♥♥♥♥, I almost thought for second that I was playing on an Xbone or ps4. Performance is okay I guess although not exactly stellar either. Even with maxed out settings there are some Anti-Ailiasing errors that can easily be fixed with sweet fx.TL;DR:Gameplay: mehInnovation: less than next gen potatoesContent: ludicrously littlePerformance: mehWARNING: Internet require to play at all times; netcode horrid; can and will drop you even on a stable connection - yes even out of a singleplayer matchEnd Result: Cant even remember the last time I was so disappointed..."
76561197980521612,Not Recommended,233250,13596185,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,HouseOfSwing,"Before anyone says anything YES i backed this early and NO this isnt an early review, I backed this and waited for it to hit 1.0 before i played it (because i know it wouldnt be fair to review it in its early release state), But wow am i dissappointed it really is just a spam-fest game so much for Grand Strategy, and now people can get what i got for a fraction of the price THX for stealing my money."
,Not Recommended,233250,20383992,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Jason Jesus Bourne Christ,"A let down. The control scheme is jarring, unpleasant and off-putting. The UI is unintuitive."
76561198007116931,Not Recommended,233250,20425963,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,[FS-614]Torgar Hammerfist,So much Potential. So little of it actually made it into the game.
76561198005923854,Not Recommended,233250,20986235,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Yulgalminakf,"This game is another one of those games that had amazing potential in early access, but fell faaaaaaar short of the line once it finally released. Planetary Annihilation is a poor-man's version of Supreme Commander/Total Annhilation (which are both available on steam for less than this game and much better and more polished). So, I'll just compare this to Supreme Commander for the rest of this review.Supreme Commander is more polished. There's still many, many glitches in this game that♥♥♥♥♥♥me off all the time. The AI in this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and way too easy to destroy, making multi-player the only good option. The match making system for multi-player is horrible.Supreme Commander has better graphics. The graphics in this game are... okay. They're a bit dull and flat, whereas in Supreme Commander, everything looks amazing, flashy, and detailed.Supreme Commander has a better UI. There are many features of the UI in Supreme Commander that this game attempts to emulate, but does it poorly, and there are many things that aren't there at all.Supreme Commander is better balanced and more fun and better in just about every way shape and form. You get the idea. Instead of spending a penny on this game (even on sale) go look up Supreme Commander, Supreme Commander 2,   Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance, or Total Annhilation."
,Recommended,233250,29425560,Posted: 22 January,all,Kamikazi_TARDIS || twitch.tv,"Greatly underappreciated, good for fairly quick games with friends."
,Recommended,233250,10725720,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,❋Guildam❋,Its a very good Strategy Game renewing Total Annihilation series with a fresh new dynamics. Its a bit hard to play though and requires a lot of micromanagement and tatics as the game is very flexible and escalates quickly I advise playing with starting energy as 0.5 for all AI as it makes a lot more slow paced and easier to start getting into the pace of it. Overall its a great strategy game with a lot of potential especially with it still being on Beta/Alpha. 8/10 on current build.YOU CAN MAKE A MOON HIT A PLANET FOR THE LOLs
,Recommended,233250,12122448,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Martin,"Awesome game with alot of different ways to play, graphics style goes for me, but not for everyone, using too many troops WILL lag out the server.Overall the gameplay combined with the music makes it an awesome experience."
76561198032126493,Not Recommended,233250,12164754,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Major Senior Citizen,"Not recommeded, Lag, lag, lag, servers very slow, my friends all have Supreme Commander, Forged Alliance and SC2 as well as FAF and have enjoyed them all, but this is very disappointing.  Don't purchase till reviews improve."
,Recommended,233250,12131402,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,McFluffyMonkey,Better than flappy bird.
76561198041551773,Not Recommended,233250,10964313,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mereni,"Dear lord,Why in gods name would you make a RTS game like this require always online for single player campaign? Multiple times through the game (Where by the way if you lose once its 100% over and you start again) at battle 30+ I would lose my connection to the server and lose the battle.100% ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I can understand that its beta+ but DO not spend your money on it. Not even worth the $16.00 I paid for it."
,Not Recommended,233250,35479804,Posted: 4 October,all,end,Scam
,Not Recommended,233250,8494806,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,PhragMunkee,"So far, I think this game may be worth 25% of what I paid for it in the Steam sale.  It has lots of potential, but lacks polish, even for a beta.  I've only played against AI so far, but have been utterly trounced when I set the AI economy above 50% (and I'm a fairly seasoned RTS player).I wouldn't recommend this game in its current beta stage.  Unless the full release is unbelievably amazing, I wouldn't pay more than $20-30 full price."
76561198036105069,Not Recommended,233250,9135878,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Weirdknight,"If you look at the price and what you get, it's far too expensive. Although it's only early acces, I think that when the game will be released, it's still not worth so much."
,Not Recommended,233250,14921994,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,N E I N,Dont buy this game if you playing with linux its too buggy to even start this game they just wanted to say that they are supporting linux but they arent.... i was very disapointed. srry cant write a review of the gamplay i told you why
76561198141742327,Not Recommended,233250,14972632,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Mr_E_Finity,"I have tried many times to get into this game after a long reconfig of the controlls. i realised i cannot seem to alternate my mouse click functions. i prefer left click for exicution and have been playing various RTS games over the last 15 years. im used to it im not gonna change now for this game.If im dumb and or missed the config, ill rewrite this after ive made up my mind about this game.  As its stands today im dissapointed. and  its so easy to play somthign else. if i wanted locked down controlls id be on a console right now."
,Recommended,233250,15910146,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Sir BBP,"Honestly, I've absolutely loved this game. I'm not really sure why so many people feel the immense need to bash every aspect of Planetary Annihilation, but I think it's really a difference of opinion. Too many people seem to be focused on crazy detailed textures and smooth figures instead of enjoying the (in my opinion) really cool geometric graphics.Ok, here's a quick run down of what I've loved and disliked:Pros:-Awesome soundtrack, really builds up the mood.-(IMO) Cool graphics, the 3D models mixed with nice lighting looks great.-Runs great, doesn't need a beast to play. (Thanks to the simplistic graphics)-Easy (once you figure it out) controls.-Fun to get into, multiplayer, experimenting in singleplayer, collaborating to crush AI's, pvp, all of the gameplay is just really fun and addictive.-Awesome competitive community. There are regular tournaments, challenges, and a large ranking system.-Really fun to just watch being played. Cool tournaments on eXodus eSports where you can learn competitive and effective strategies.Cons:-Kinda hard to figure out at first, but after a game or two, you'll be fine.-Controls can be annoying at times, but like I said, once you've got them figured out, you're fine.-Competitive community seems really intense, so it might be a bit difficult to join.Anyway, though I've only played minute amounts of this game compared to others, I'm hooked, and I really think it deserves a lot more credit than it's given.9.5/10"
,Recommended,233250,15909635,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Larry,If you like strategy games get this game.
,Recommended,233250,13934908,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Fuzz,"I was going through the reviews and noticed a lot of the negative reviews were outdated.This game has had a colourful history and was ""released"" earlier than it should have been. I say ""released"" because the game was under contract for a release deadline. Not a smart thing to do since you game has a list of features that weren't/aren't finished yet. This still stands and some features are yet to be fully included.Having said that, the one thing people complain about was offline play which has been included since most of the negative reviews were made. The server is still a little buggy whether playing online or offline (offline is actually a server running locally on your computer) where you are kicked back to the main menu because the server's game has crashed. I find this to be an uncommon occurance but it happens.Gameplay wise, it's standard RTS in style with the added bonus of inter-planetary travel, being able to build a Deathstar or building a few rockets big enough to smash a planet into another planet. You also can fight it out in orbit with a few orbital units, one being a superweapon. If you played Total Annihilation, you feel some similarities.There are a few balance issues with the game and Galactic War can be brutal at times. Galactic War is the single-player option for the game and doesn't have any story other than, you are a commander who has woken up after some long period of time and whose mission is to annhilate the enemy. Moving around the map can be annoying but the sytems have nice little bits of lore about them adding that little bit of story to the game itself.The game feels a lot like it has been targeted to be played networked (the Internet is a network if you didn't actually know that). I play th  is with friends and even at LAN parties. and provides some fun. There is also Chronocam, nifty feature that lets you replay any moment in the match so far.The biggest letdown in the game is optimisation. Depending on who you play with either AI or humans prepare for the simulation to slowdown. One game second can turn in to 2 real seconds. This is basically because there are 1000s of units being calculated and most likely being processed in to chronocam. So I wish there was a unit cap to prevent the server from being overloaded.Graphics are fairly average and some look a little cartoonish. The graphics have obviously been scaled down to a mininum because it would be hard to render the amount units that could be present at any one time and also because you probably aren't in a zoom level to see them half the time. The textures have also been simplified in this regard as I believe they are procedural virtual textures, meaning they are created by your computer based on the information the game has given it.I'll touch on mods. There are so many mods you can acquire and some are worth checking out. Make sure you install PAMM as it will make it easy to find and install them.Overall, I have fun playing this game and dispite some shortcomings it's still a game worth having."
76561198006343735,Recommended,233250,13925241,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Tsgnanu,this is a great sci-fi war game through planets wich you can then crash planets into other enemy planets
,Recommended,233250,13486529,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Matt819,Must have game!
76561197975093241,Recommended,233250,13206862,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Bsport,"Something different for the RTS genre, I was bored of the the standard SC clones that appear so offen, this was what i wanted something different, something i hadnt seen before, something with a little scale. Now it had a rocky launch but since launch things have improve considerably, developers are now keeping the community informed of upcoming patch, improvement and new features and since launch a few months ago the game has had  regular updates, offline play, private servers, competive matchmaking and improvement map making tools including symetical maps and theres been some crazy maps appearing, cube planets anyone?So with the dev's contiunely adding new features and polish this will become and gem of a RTS, is it there yet....no but at this rate its going to be a must own for any serious RTS fan.Theres also a pretty active tournament sence, something happening most weekends.So what are the downsides?- No experimentals, shields, this is not Supcom- UI is alittle rough still.- Balance as of review is alittle off, but thats being worked on and they've said in the next patch there will be some balance changes.Some people may also find playing on a planet a little odd and will always prefer a flat standard map, but for me planets are one of the biggest selling points along with the ability to blow them up.So for a summary would i recommend this game.....yes, is it for everyone probably not."
,Recommended,233250,13509483,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Incredibly Average Savage,I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game and♥♥♥♥♥
76561198154724973,Recommended,233250,13493375,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Matrix_Golden,I really like this game because it is a fun Real Time Stratagy Game
,Recommended,233250,14008055,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,vACLav,PROPER GOOD GAME STOPED WORKING AFTER IT LEFT THE ALPHA THO
76561197969598183,Not Recommended,233250,13960424,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,jerrylive365,"As I am just scratching the surface here is my first impression of the game...Bought this on sale for 6 dollars. I should have payed closer attention to the reviews and metascore. Now I wish I bought a burger and fries with that money instead!TINY maps to fight on, despite the fact that you are playing on A PLANET, no reason to keep units alive (except the commander of course), and lack of any real soul to the game will keep this title from gaining any real momentum. The graphics are blocky and have very few colors or angles on the units and buildings. Looks like a game that was made 10 years ago and just now came to market.You would have expected more from the successor to Total Annihilation/Supreme Commander. It feels as if the Devs totally phoned this one in.On the bright side, the game runs perfectly and very smooth on max settings. Not surprised tho based on the old style/block graphics.Almost forgot to mention that after less than an hour of gameplay, this ♥♥♥♥ware title lost my save game!Save your money and buy Supreme Commander 2 instead. A far superior game IMHO!"
76561198141872055,Recommended,233250,13309559,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,IrradiatedOreo,Nuked myself by accident.10/10 would nuke myself again.
,Recommended,233250,10546478,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,214.Gibs,nothing quite like firing a moon at a planet
76561198020552370,Recommended,233250,8782528,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,☜☆☞Ðich☜☆☞ BETS.gg,so awesome game for people who love mass destruction and epic armies
76561198079505533,Recommended,233250,10239059,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,KorenHyperion,it does not work on my computer but it looks 2 cool to be true
,Recommended,233250,9310318,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,°infinitus° ∞,"Actually I'm not really a fan of RTS games (I  haven't played many yet) but I have to admit this game is a ton of fun!I didn't thought real time strategy games can be THIS awesome :) even though this game is still in beta it does not feel like beta imo. No crashes no graphical bugs or anything like that.As I already told you I haven't played a lot RTS games (maybe 1 or 2), that means I have no clue how to play these games and how to master them haha (I even lost against easy bots at the beginning).But after a couple of rounds you get the concept of the game which isn't that hard to understand. Let's say Planetary Annihilation is easy to learn (at least the most important things to play the game) but hard to master :)Soo... even for a complete noob like me at this genre this game can be a lot of fun!Once you know how to play it, believe me, this game is aaawesome!(I hope my english is okay haha - not my mother tounge)"
,Not Recommended,233250,16734292,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,TheRenegade,"Bad game. Don't bother. Get Supreme Commander instead, totally going to get a refund for the $8 bucks I spent on this total POS.Graphics are sub par, controls are not what one would expect. Doesn't follow the standard RTS format. I found the gameplay to be cumbersome and irritating.At 8 bucks I felt the devs were stealing from me.... I refunded it and got my 8 bucks back into my steam wallet!Don't bother"
76561198066919148,Recommended,233250,10688408,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Roy Rogers McFreely,"This is an incredible game. It requires fast thinking and a taticaly oriented mind, its three dimentional gameplay and its un-parraleled AI makes fun a fun and challenging experience. It should be noted, that for an early access game I find it astounding that they would have the nerve to offer a game that is no where close to being finished for a AAA price.There are also some various prefomance issues (I do have the computer to handle the game) do to the shere scale of the number of units in play, especialy when more then one sub-commander is involved.Over all though the price is steep the game is well worth it and it is early access so we must forgive prefomance issues, I would give this game a well diserved 8.5/10"
,Recommended,233250,8343913,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,lillakycklinge,"[Still Beta] love it already, amazing game, no doubt it will live up to SupCom FA and its ancestor Total Annihilation. Its really nice gameplay and mechanics, love that they kept the recource system, although since its beta not all effects have been added (yet), for example the engines on the moones does not give eny sign when u fire them away, and so far there is not so many units, and they will probably need to add tier 2 anti-air since the tier 2 bombers are so fkn strong after the last buff.The big problem in the beta is to finish the game.... if there is 1 fireable moon and 4 other planets that are habited the other 3 is almos impossible to kill (unless they are in the same orbital circle (planet + moon) since then u can nuke, otherwise the only way is sattelites or sending a unit ONE BY ONE wich takes forever and both ways is so easely countered. i am aware that they will add unit cannons that can mass-attack a planet wich will make u able to invade a planet easier (if the moon is attached to the planet) i am aslo aware/have heard that they will add so u can move (not neccesarely into an other planet/moon) a moon from one planet to another, making u able to nuke/bombard with unitcannons.I truly belive #belibe that this game will be amazing and make me and many others spend alot of time playing it, hopefully more than Supreme commander Forged Allience, wich will be ahrd to beat since its one of my favourite games of all time."
,Recommended,233250,8411816,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ICII,"I Would recommend this game it is worth the price of 30 US$ Mainly because it does not have bugs and they dont want you to get them but not many bugs are actually noticableEDIT: This game is very hard on first time players, so i would suggest this wise comment""Offense is the greatest Defence""P.S: Sorry for bad english"
,Recommended,233250,8501250,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Guardian,Damn Straight !
,Recommended,233250,9024951,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Cheeky Nandos,"This game is absolutely amazing!   Let me start off by saying, if you are a fan of any RTS, you should scoop this game up RIGHT NOW.  Planetary Annihilation has much potential for so many new units and buildings and even planets.  This game is already pretty indepth, I mean, look, you can blow up freaking planets by launching asteroids into them!  There's tech trees, soon to be games with 40 people, and interplanetary wars!  I strongly recommend you get this."
76561197984943169,Not Recommended,233250,9324197,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Cobra10,"Stay away, maybe it will be worth it in a year or two but this game is technically very flawed as it stands and they are making slow progress to help flesh it out and fix issues. Not worth the pricetag for that one great idea of RTS across planets."
,Recommended,233250,9959124,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,TwoBits,"Sublime scale, mind-bending spherical mappage, unlimited unit count, big 'splosions, player-directed moon-to-planet crashes, beautiful design and graphics,  epic score. It's the future of rts right here; hop on now. 11/10."
76561198076384902,Recommended,233250,8188866,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,LayeredDiagram,Good graphics. Good explosions. What more could you want?
,Recommended,233250,8568659,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Zendule,Awesome game!Think of Command and Conquer (CNC) or StarCraft (SC) but you can land on other planets or even a moon then send that moon into the planet to Annihilate your enemies!So much better then CNC or SC that you wont' understand until you play it a couple times. Having to rethink the way you play strategy games and truly being strategic. I am still attempting to break myself of the old cnc or sc habits.
,Recommended,233250,8609247,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Enkoprulu,"Not only does this game effectively capture the nostalgia of the Total Annihilation series, it also expands on those expectations and provides a greater depth of gameplay."
,Recommended,233250,8621597,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,COMBO,Очень веселая и интересная игра. Советую качать всем.
76561198053838243,Recommended,233250,8754829,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,DJ_Skystalker,"PA is a may still be in beta but it has so much stuff in it that you cant really not get this game. Its a RTS with little to no micro and almost nothing but macro. Its saying ""Make some factories. Build a crap ton of robots or tanks or whatever and ramem down your enemys throat!"" also they let you transend to other planets in the solarsystem that your fighting in. One last thing. If you can get to a smaller planet you can hook up giant thrusters to the planet and ram it into another!.Overall 9/10!"
76561198045421619,Recommended,233250,8903534,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,The Nazi who played Yahtzee,This game is about world domination.. oh whats that you say someone already took over the world WELL THEN YOU SHOULD OF WENT TO A DIFFRENT PLANET PUT SOME ROCKETS ON THAT PLANET AND RAMMED IT INTO THE PLANET THAT YOU FAILED TO CAPTURE OR SHOVE A ♥♥♥♥♥ TON OF NUKES INTO YOUR ENEMIES BASE AHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAH see what this game has done to me? I've became a British-Hitler
,Recommended,233250,8940964,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,STiGY™,Damn good game. Nice revive to the RTS genre which I am sad to see slowly dissappear.The Steaming dual economy system works well with the way the game works and favours more aggressive players and base expansions. The units are very well varied with T1 units upgraded to their T2 counterparts for some late game action.The game is still beta and thus the units are not entirely balanced and the game still needs some work but I would still recomment the buy.
76561198041552159,Not Recommended,233250,9325857,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,SpaceMun,meh its okay if your into that sorta thing
,Recommended,233250,9349754,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Doozey,"Hands down this is probably my favorite RTS of all time, not only is the gameplay awesome, but its in early early stages of release, so lots to be tweeked and added. Making solar systems is just as fun, not to mention being able to inhabit and fight on the planets you just made, then go and take over one of the several moosn you just put around that planet. Hoenstly the game has endless possibilities. I recommend this game to anyone who looks for a new aspect of the RTF genere."
,Recommended,233250,9355210,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,.0day,"I can already tell that I will undoubtedly be pouring tons of hours into Planetary Annihilation. This game is just fantastic in every single way; the visuals are top notch, the fluidity of the gameplay is just bewildering, the controls are easy to master and fairly intuitive, all of the interfaces are very straightforward and easy to navigate, and honestly, if this game wasn't being advertised as Early Access, I would have guessed that it was a full release.I have not come across a single flaw or bug that affects the gameplay or any of its critical components, and aside from maybe a few features in the main menu not being accessible just yet, and some long loading screens, I have to say that this game, in my opinion, is damn-near-perfect. I love everything about it.I'm glad that I was able to get the game when it went on sale for $24.99, but if I missed the sale and had to pay the full price for it, I would have been perfectly fine with it. Planetary Annihilation is a game completely worthy of a $49.99 price tag.Oh yeah, and if you play this with a freind(s) against other players, like in a 2v2 or 3v3 match, the gameplay just gets even better. It becomes an all-out tactical race for weapons, resources, and planetary dominance that can and usually does span between multiple worlds. My very first match, and my teammate and I were already hopping to another planet within the first 10 minutes or so.One thing that really sealed the deal for me (although if the game didn't have this feature the deal still would have been sealed lol), is the ability to create your own solar system. You can have up to 8 different celestial bodies and you can decide on their type of environments, their mass, whether they have moons or not, their orbital periods, and a whole bunch of other things I haven't even tried yet. I have around 4 hours so far on this game, and probably 2.5-3 of those hours have been spent creating, testing, and reviewing my own solar system, which by the way, can obviously be used in a private or public match.Just get this game. Thank me later."
76561198057412107,Recommended,233250,9384428,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Bas AKA Ron Flippin Swanson,a realy fun mutiplayer game
76561198071197836,Recommended,233250,9706370,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,RavenousPython,"in would recommend Plantary Annihilation (PA) no doubt, when it decides to workPostives:-the game plays like supreme commander and the large armies and base building are fantastic.-the resource mangement negates rushing at the start, which is great for new players.-with a diverse selection of units and building means near endless tactical strategies and opportunties.-the developers are costantly updating and improving making it a worthwhile investmentNegatives:-really theres only one, but its big and thats the game has major crash issues, recently in the past 2 months i have not been able to enter a single game online or agaisnt bots (I tell a lie, I got into one 2 days ago but ive tried several times after and still nothing) i fully understand that this is an early access game and these types of bugs are common, but a bug that does not allow me to fully enjoy the game is still yet to be sorted out"
76561198047350876,Recommended,233250,9799122,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,rumata_younger,"Well, PA is really interesting game. One game wouldn't be like second game, and second game wouldn't be like third one. You're always playing with different people with different gaming skills. But it's still gamma, and it's still unstable. I've lost three days to start it. But game is good. 8/10."
,Recommended,233250,9306916,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Reece,swag is outdated
76561198027796616,Recommended,233250,9508945,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,boxesofordin,"Blows Starcraft out of the water even in Gamma phase of production.Planetary Annihilation takes RTS to a whole new level and allows you to play on not one, but multiple playing fields stretched across a local cluster solar system. Micro-managing is the name of the game and it only compounds when you have to manage multiple planets. Interplanetary combat in itself is amazingly complex. You can use tactics as simple as launching ships to your opponents planet, or if you have the resources and the time, you can move your planet to theirs using immense Delta-V engines.The catch all advertising scheme for this game is, ""smash planets into other planets"" and it delivers. If invasions become stagnant and iron curtains of defense keep smashing you to pieces, you can make a hole for your troops by obliterating an entire continent with a small moon, or if you're really crazy, a larger planet. Even though it's cool, matches very rarely last long enough for planet smashing to be viable.The ground combat is solid. Air, land, and naval units all debut in this game and each has their own strengths and weaknesses. Some planets may be completely water, some may have too many canyons for ground troops to be effective. The landscapes are varied just as your tactics will have to be to suceed. It's an exhilerating rush to chase down and enemy commander only to have him escape into orbit at the last second. Nuclear missiles create an ever present threat that will have you feeling like it's the cold war all over again. Impending meteor strikes will make you want to build hundreds of orbital defense cannons and it all comes down to your cunning and ability to sustain an economy while taking blows from the enemy.Planetary Annihilation is still a work in progress, but is 100% playable and well worth the hefty price tag for an in production game. If you're looking for a fast paced, space race, interplanetary tactics game, this is the game for you. Remember, don't just destroy, ANNIHILATE!"
76561198066593523,Not Recommended,233250,9401511,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Nikom4,TO MANY NUKES
76561197983733359,Recommended,233250,10221183,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,MonkeyShines,"I was a big fan of TA, Supreme Commander and Forged alliance, at the time they were all I ever wanted in a game. SupComm 2 was a slight dissapointment but I still enjoyed it. Planetary Annihilation is a true return to the TA/SupComm playstyle and it is again all I want in a RTS.I have played the game since Alpha and have watched the developers blogs closely. The Uber team is truley giving the fans what they want. When I was a kid I always dreamed of a game that would allow such massive battles. I could not have wished for a better RTS. If you are a fan of massive, strategic gameplay, this is for you."
76561198126006187,Recommended,233250,10295876,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,a rice paddy,"An amazing game, right up front. Robots, liquid green metal, space, PLANETS SMASHING INTO EACHOTHER. What's not to like? Sure it can get laggy or have graphics issues, but big deal. I can't wait for more updates and final release.P.S. Please bring back subs and all the other things you removed.P.P.S. I think you should add space elevators. What for, you ask? If a unit similar to the Astaeus but couldn't land yet could hold maybe 10 untis, they could use a space elevator to get down to the surface."
,Not Recommended,233250,10785448,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Reh,If you have a AMD Graphics or Video Card your gonna have a bad time.
76561197980102286,Recommended,233250,10875752,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,x Yokai v,Really Good/ hard
76561198088831035,Recommended,233250,10900266,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Captain Hat,"Conceptually, this game is neither here nor there. Now the space theme is one that has been done over and over. It's a theme that is overweight with too many copies and recopies of games from yesteryear. Yet Planetary Anahilation remolds the genre and shakes out some of the cobwebs from the proud genre. It's a game that will take your breath away in terms of it's scale. No other game allows you to take over an entire solar system with such seamless gameplay; moving from planet to planet. Thankfully, the micro/macro system implemented here is one that almost every rts player should be familiar with. It's such a basic mechanic that it makes picking up the nuances of the game less of a chore. One of the bigger things which certainly lessens its availability to a larger audiance is the size of the worlds that you fight on. One can become lost, even on one's own planet. But such a game design as this lends more reward for players who have the patience to master the learning curve. The only issue I would take up with the developers is that each world feels very much the same, no matter the flora, terrain, theme. It makes for a repititive experience. Something, I'm sure, which will be ammended; if not now, then perhaps, in the future."
,Recommended,233250,11218534,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,TheRealOGFlyir444,"Galactic War - 7/13/14 well, this game is pretty damn good.however, i would like to raise a few points.Graphics: The game itself is beautiful, with good attention to detail and a beautiful planet generator (in my opinion)Gameplay: ONLINE.The main fault with the game as of so far is the fact that you must be online to play- as of yet, there is no offline mode. As a person who travels quite frequently and is unable to throw money away for wifi, it dissapoints me that i cant play PA as i travel, as it would be quite nice and convient to do so. But that alone isn't a reason to not buy the game. as the developers state, the game is still in early access and an offline mode will probably come along sooner or later.Gameplay: Multiplayer.Expect your usual collection of people who play the game religiously, and the people who causually play it.Gameplay: Against AIThis is the one main sore i have with the game. For me, at least, i find that the AI is usually insanely OverPowered. Even in 'Normal' Mode, in lieu of an 'Easy' Mode, the can amass an army of gargauntuan proportions in comparison to the few units i can create. Now, it might be just because i'm bad at the game, but i find it a bit unfair to find half the planet crawling with tiny enemy dots the second i put up a radar station.Music and SoundsThe foley and effects used in the game go together quite nicely, and the music does not fail to impress.Tutorials and such.The last fault i have with the game is a problem with the instructions and tips it gives you. apart from a small 'tips' button on the main menu, i cannot really find a button that will tell me how to use certain features.CONCLUSION--In the end, this is a really good early access game.The offline mode seems to be coming along soon, (view the 'Upcoming Features' to find out what happens next in dev.) and other new features promise to make the game even better. People may disagree with what I've written, but that's the game in my opinion as of 7/13/14.. this will undoubtedly change as the game progresses."
,Recommended,233250,10554449,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Mckimmskie,Planetary Annihilation is a game I reccomend to everyone who enjoys RTS's. It is balanced and has a very user friendly interface so the game is easy to get used to quickly. There are some crashing issues however they are minor as they are very rare. Overall it is a brilliant game. 9/10.
,Recommended,233250,10708436,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Kiwidude,iz great
,Not Recommended,233250,10721433,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,IGotTheMovesLikeJaeger,"Right i get that this game is in gamma and thats ok but its realy broken cant even start a game, and $30 for it well $10 on steam sale but why bring out a unfinshed game i dont normaly get mad at early access games but this one is broken hope it gets fixed it looks amazing."
76561198084863452,Recommended,233250,10734397,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Bird_o_Prey,Awesome game!
76561198005693318,Not Recommended,233250,10758475,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Daedonas,"I don't recommend buying this until they claim it's finished. This ""gamma' edition is ridiculously buggy, and I can't finish a match without attempting 2-4 times because of the mid-game crashes, without any progress saving it just constant repeats with zero confidence that your mission will even be worth the effort. It's also fairly laggy on a good pc, I have it running on medium, but I play most of my games on ultra or high.Definitely not done yet and questionably sellable at this level of completion."
76561198054558157,Recommended,233250,10891413,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Zegy,It is in beta.
,Not Recommended,233250,9347576,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Alien You Call God,As it is right now I would not recommend this game to anyone. I regrettably paid for it when it was 59.99 USD and it is not even close to worth that as it is now. It needs a LOT of refinment. Since Gamma came out I have not even been able to log into any game what-so-ever. I am almost at the end of my patenice with this game. I was a HUGE fan of Total Annihilation but this has a long way to go to reach the level of that legendary RTS game.
,Not Recommended,233250,9347532,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,delmuerte,"As an early adopter that paid around $90 for this game, I'm disappointed. Frankly, I feel that this game held great promise and it looks epic and has huge scale. However, the reality is that even with the scale skewed entirely in my own favor, this game is usually entirely unwinnable. By about 15-20 minutes in, it's dull and difficult. Unfortunately, I can't really recommend it to anyone, especially at the price on offer. There's no depth, it's not fun, despite all the elements of a great game being in place. I hate to review it this poorly, but it's just not worth any price."
,Recommended,233250,13526337,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Pandaman0717,"MURDER ALL THE THINGS.... OOH, A DEATH STAR!"
76561198069453028,Not Recommended,233250,10716209,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,tw1sted,"It puts way too much on its servers, you can't even play the single player without connecting. So what's the point of the single player. It has not been finished yet and there is a long way to go. Wait till they have put more into the game before you buy it."
,Not Recommended,233250,9311933,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,~kittyclaws~,"If I could go back in time I would pay thirty dollars to have a hooker spit in my mouth instead of buying this mess of a game.  I feel I deserve a refund, and possibly some compensation for having to waste time and money on this horrible game."
76561198075236780,Not Recommended,233250,13835276,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Luun,"I can't join a game since the last update. Servers are crashing often (and it is not my internet connection). Games are laggy when there is too much planets and/or too much units. The solo game is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ And i paid 30 $ for this♥♥♥♥♥♥.. For me, this game should cost 5$ no more."
76561197961822927,Recommended,233250,13902213,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Shaggy,"Love this game. There have been very few good Strat games comes lately.This lacks a strong single player, or story mode. But still incredibly fun."
76561197964099677,Not Recommended,233250,13596276,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Muffinman,After the amazing work the developers have kicked out this game is nothing short of disappointment
76561198066690998,Not Recommended,233250,13705773,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Juden Meister,"At first I liked this game. But once you get past all the fun units, you begin to notice the crash bugs, and the half thought out, good idea gone horribly wrong conquest mode.Its a game I want to love. But crapping out everytime there is a lot of action going on is kind of obnoxious. I know it is not my system because I do not have this problem on any other game I play. I have 12gbs of RAM and running out of memory is an unacceptable bug in this game.You cannot save single player skirmish matches, nor is there an autosave function for them (so its really fun when the inevitable game crash comes and you lose the entire match). I have yet to complete a match that involves more than 2 players, and more than 2-3 planet bodies without the game just crashing.If you lose a single battle in conquest mode you lose the entire game. while it may seem simiar to conquest modes in games like Empire at War, you basically just click worlds and play a ton of skirmish matches with limited technology (have fun invading another planet in this mode if you don't luck out and get orbital tech in your initial planets).I feel like I am playing an alpha or beta product, and nothing near a finished game. I didn't pay much for it because of the sale, but I still regret the purchase. I would not recommend this game.  There are just too many little things wrong with it, and the memory inefficient game engine is a nightmare."
76561198028021739,Not Recommended,233250,13731469,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Chancellor Palpy,"I do not recommend this game... at a price at or above $15. Get it at $10 if you have nothing better to do, but I wish I would have only paid $5 for. I have only played Total Annihilation in the series. I have not played (yet) Supreme Commander or any other of the various successors so I am comparing my experience only from the original, and from other RTS type games like this such as Starcraft.Technical gripes:Right off the bat, you have to sign up for some other online account (Playfab). Sure, I do not give out my real name, but it is the principle. Besides, I do not want to have to have yet another password to write down in case something happens to Steam or the PC I am running everything from. It also appears to log in even in single player mode. WTF?!?!?! I HATE online tethering!! Had I known I would NOT have bought this game. Again, it is the principle. I have an older machine that I play Total Annihilation on. The game came out 17 years ago. Planetary required a kickstarter to get off the ground initially, and soon after it dropped out of beta and became a 'full fledged' game on Steam I noticed it quickly dropped in price and jumped in negative ratings... So what are the chances PA's login server will still be around in 17 years? If I like a game I will still be playing it years or decades from now. Assuming I even loved this game that much, I have a feeling this game will not be playable that far into the future.I have only played 3 hours or so into the game and a bunch of my gripes are technical issues. The game does run fine on my machine for the most part. It does appear that there is no way to control contrast or gamma. The lighting on the 'dark side' of the planets is good enough, but if the sun is shining, everything seems to be ultra washed out. Its so glaring that it is distracting. I tried various video options but they really did not make it any better.In the old TA, units were fairly distinctive looking and easy to tell apart. Depending on the lighting and zoom level, it can be difficult to tell some apart. You do get various icons for units, like a '+' over unit builders. However, if you have a bunch of units all in one group, or two different types of builders (land and air) the icon that shows when zoomed out covers the unit up and you have to click or re zoom to figure out what is what.Camera and axis alignment sucks. I cannot seem to find a way to reorientate the camera back to original. If you move and zoom around the plaent, it is easy to have the camera upside down on your original base.On the galaxy map you have to click individual planets to get around, even if you have been there before. Tedious! I heard there are mods that users have made to fix this. Another bad sign when the game makers let users fix their game for them and do not try to adopt a similar approach in a patch.That is about all for the technical negatives, that I have noticed in my 3 or so odd hours playing. I may find a setting that fixes them, or simply roll my eyes and get used to them. Either way, it is not a good sign that I can nitpick so easily and quickly on a game.Gameplay negatives.Hmmm. I only play single player on games like this. Total Annihilation was fun, and had kind of a somewhat slow place to it. This feels much quicker. Units also feel considerably more 'disposable' than TA or other RTS games. Perhaps there will be levels where resources are much more scarce or needed on a much larger basis, but there was an abundance of supply. I had very few ore extractors and energy makers and I never felt like resources were a problem. All of these things make the game feel like there is less strategy and more of a zerg rush. Make a bunch of factories, max out your units ques, and pump out as many units as you can. Perhaps when you get into the later stages of the game it will have more strategy, but I am inclined to think otherwise.I am currently on the third planet, which would mean something like 3rd mission in most games. There was no tutorial for units, buildings, or movement. I destroyed the opposing commander on the planet and there is no trace of the forces anywhere. Then I started getting nuked?? Apparently there is planet to planet warfare. OK, thats cool. Let me build up a huge transport ship with 20 guys and send them over. Nope... only 1 unit per transport ship? 5 would be nice. 1 is tedious. There is a teleporter, but you have to get a foothold on the planet first. If the opposing planet has lots of defenses you are in for a difficult ride. Also, getting hit by nukes this early in the game, and not having them available in your own tech tree is not cool. A lot of game have done that kind of thing before, but nukes so early in single player?Wrecked buildings and units in TA would show how much metal was available, but this just shows a percentage. You can still assign units to a group and select them at any time. However, in Starcraft, the UI will show you what units and how many are selected. This does not appear to do so. That is how the old TA worked, so on one hand it is similar, on the other hand it feels like a missed feature that should have been included.I am still trying to figure out the UI so I may be missing things in the review I have not stumbled upon, and there may be many more things I find annoying as well. I would have liked if the UI had some sort of animation for autofire and autorepair. I believe all units automatically do their main job, but I am not sure. Constuction bots seem to repair things if on patrol near them but I have not seen them helping other construction bots build when they go on patrol. They also do not seem to repair or help build if simply moving.The good:The game has many similar aspects from TA. It is fun creating buildings and various units. Wall of towers and waves of units rushing in are fun.Final thoughts:As I said, I played the original TA and still love it. This game has some of the same feel to it; nukes, unit builders, commander, buildings, etc. In part it just is not the same, like the game is trying to be more than its predecassors, yet comes off as no more than a frenzied zerg rush. The learning curve seems a bit steep as it took me forever trying to figure out how to get off planet while preventing myself from getting nuked and defending from invader.This feels like a nice, new, pretty game, with new levels of gameplay, all with the same old UI hinderances. I am hoping that a few more hours of gameplay will change my mind. I am still seething due to the Playfab and online tethering thing. As it stands right now, I cannot recommend this if you are going to pay more than $8 for.**Edit #1 - After a bit more play time invested I find I still do not like this game as much as I should. I am not sure if it is due to it being based off small planets and moving around the map is more tedious than other RTS games. One thing I noticed is that early on, resources are not a problem at all. Up through mid game I never got into the negative. However, once I got the 2nd tier units and buildings, I found my resources were constantly in the red. In TA the transition was smoother and a little easier to maintain. While there are different commanders, it still feels like allthe same faction and everyone has all the same units. I know that the story sort of covers that, but it feels like a porr excuse. Also, it feels like there should be a greater variety of units, not just one long range, mid range, and anti air. of each type. This game has levels of complexity with ground, naval and air, along with orbital and inter planetary combat, yet each layer is way too simple in its own right.*Edit #2 See this review here.http://www.quartertothree.com/fp/2014/09/12/wont-live-happily-ever-planetary-annihilation/It sums up much of how I feel in probably a better way."
76561198028242162,Not Recommended,233250,13845024,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Black Jaguar,Game does not work.
76561198010942728,Not Recommended,233250,13604695,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,PC PRINCIPAL,"Wouldn't reccomend. Game feels incomplete, graphics as a whole are nice to look at at first but become bland and blocky for units. I really find the planet to planet combat lame, and the combat just feels stale to me. I guess I might not be a macro style RTS player and maybe its my fault the game doesn't suit me."
,Recommended,233250,13642752,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,chrisar100,"Started building anti-nukes, and then I got nuked. 9/11 would bomb"
,Recommended,233250,13653962,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Midget Menace,"Supar fun and intetionally built for zerg. Massive armies that take 10+ minutes to build murder eachother in seconds, and cross planet fights are really cool."
,Recommended,233250,13551253,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Zevo,OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Total Annihilation Reborn!
,Recommended,233250,10761385,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,bark,I FREAKING SUCK AT RTS'. I CAN'T DO ANYHTING IN STARCRAFT II. BUT I DON'T CARE CAUZ THIS GAME IS FREAKIN AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198086839980,Recommended,233250,10963401,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Envy My Waffles,Normal level AI beat me and friends in a 5v1 my first game. 10/10
,Not Recommended,233250,10973147,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,MasterYahcob,"be VERY careful about this game! I made the mistake of buying into this game (thankfully on sale) without first researching what it truley was!I'm not saying to be put off by this game! Just be aware:- it's ""single player campaign"" Is more of a multiplayer with bots on a custom map.- You have to play this game connected to their own servers and when you sign back in you basically have to reconnect to the server you were using previously.- it's got an ingame store, although not a huge amount in it right now just commander skins. It's not something I wish to see in a game which i have paid for.From the little trial I had at building a base and setting up a small army on a planet. it very strongly reminds me of supreme commander (which I love) But the game feels like It's laking so much right now. Mostly a decent single player and the online part of the game really puts me off. But I think given time this game can become something amazing!I recommend waiting for this game to be much further along in development!But if you're looking for another supcom or TA I recommend just playing supcom again! FOR NOW!"
76561198052377384,Not Recommended,233250,13889509,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,brian.short,"I have to say; if this game gets finished, I imagine I'm going to play it a LOT. As it stands, though, I can't play it. I can't finish a match against an AI before one of the 30 concurrent ""CoherentUI_Host"" processes fails and the game ceases to function. I am sincerely miffed that I spent money on this, truth be told. I guess I'll just uninstall it for now and perhaps come back in a year or two to see if anything gets fixed."
,Not Recommended,233250,13899693,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,tah-tahs McReid,"It's alright. pretty good game play and really nice graphics. The major (and I mean MAJOR) flaw for it is you aren't able to save your single player game (which I would have thought is a basic and rather simple feature but I guess that's why I'm not in game development). I also wish they had a tutorial rather then just droing you into the middle of it and expecting you to understand. A third issue is the idea of ""downloading"" certain bluprints for building. It can make the game rather confusing because during my first game the commander kept telling me to build Iron storage and I could't figure out how, turns out I didn't have the right blue prints downloaded. On top of that, you can only hold three at a time... what? why??? so I need to choose between having enough Iron to build units or having advanced units I don't have enough iron for?In the end it's ok to play online with friends if you're bored but it's absolutely not worth 33 dollars... maybe 5, 9 to be geerous. They have A LOT of work left to do on this game before it's worth what they want for it."
,Not Recommended,233250,13534727,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,StefanS7,Not an even vaguely finished game...
76561197970908031,Recommended,233250,13621842,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Svati,Holy s*** this makes crazy huge campaigns.
76561198006573466,Recommended,233250,13629043,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Tuscarora,"I recommend the game, but please read my full review.   Well, for $10 deluxe edition (xmas sale) it's not pretty good - and it's growing on me .   I am currently quite content with the purchase.  I don't like the store for buying new commanders for $5 or more (not sure if the new commanders can be earned or not without cash, but it does not look like you can earn them as the case) - not certain the commanders mean anything to the player either.  Game crashed on first online game... not happy about that particularly since the game is supposedly ready for prime time, but since the first try... no crashes to date.  No tutorial was a problem, I know these games all play the same, but I like to have the opportunity to run through the basics and watch the units at work.  I highly recommend it as a $10 or less purchase, any more than that... well that's up to you.  I have several hours into the single play game and updated my review.Update:  It appears the intent of the game is for you to start in a galactic war rather than a skirmish and thereby slowly gain new tech and learn the game.   Played 7 missions in galactic war and am enjoying the game much more than in skirmish.  Sadly galactic war is ONLY single player.  Raising my rating on the game to a solid 7.5 on a 10 scale.  Could have been an 8 if it had a tutorial.  A 9 if you could have played the galactic scenario cooperative (2 enemy AI would have been fine)"
,Not Recommended,233250,13728356,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Rice is Life,I've made a huge mistake
76561198006112368,Not Recommended,233250,13899603,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Grimmer,"I bought this for the express purpose of blowing the ♥♥♥♥ out of some planets. I finally manged to do that and all it gave me was a flacid dust cloud and the planet disappeared.  So i guess thats my review. This game isn't erect enough for any amount of money.Oh, and it payed $70 for the alpha. Best money I ever spent because I'll never pre-order or back a game ever again. Thanks Uber, you saved me a lot of money.If you really want to see how bad it is, just pirate it and see for yourself."
,Recommended,233250,12086834,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,[BoiS] Maltroh,its graham standard
,Recommended,233250,13596996,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Sexy Boat Captain,"Background: I currently have 2.5 hours on record on this game.  I've always liked the Annihilation/Commander type RTS games.  Not a fan of Starcraft, for some reason Starcraft just doesn't ""fit"" with me.  Picked this game up when it was on sale for $10.For less than $15 or $20, this is a definite buy if you like the RTS Games or if you liked Supreme Commander.Overall Impression:I can definitely see how people who were involved in the Kickstarter for this are disappointed.  This game has a lot of potential, but as others have said, it's not polished.  In my opinion though, the gameplay portions of the game are all there, it's kind of like getting a high performance sports car with all the options, but it's painted flat primer grey (the primer grey isn't an analogy for those that have played this game).This game is a great improvement over Supreme Commander as far as the environment goes.  It's a blast to build on the smaller scale planets, and then move your commander to another one and the unit animations are really nice.The AI seems a little better than Supreme Commander, but very similar in that you can figure out how to exploit it pretty quick.The units are just like Supreme Commander in that they are difficult to discern from each other.It seems that they're almost there with this, but it also looks like the developers have moved on pretty quickly after meeting the bare minimum pieces of flair.Summary: It's a $15 RTS game. It's so close to being a $30 or $40 game, but this version will probably never make it.  If you like SUPCOM or even TA, and you aren't looking for something that will set the world on fire, you'll like this."
,Not Recommended,233250,13767255,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,zeronics,"Bugged to hell. I think ive only closed this game once because i was done playing. The rest were because something broke. Still it was worth it for the discounted price of $6, but 30$ for this is just insane."
,Recommended,233250,13825813,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Rob,You can tell the devs are passionate players of this game. Such attention to detail for an indie dev...
76561197988955898,Recommended,233250,13901148,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,BadStar,Been missing Total Annhilation for a wile. This game filled that void and more.The title says it all + Batteling RTS over 2+ planets is quite interesting and new.
76561197983999598,Not Recommended,233250,13593080,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Apocapants,"Go download Forged Alliance. Made years ago and surpasses Planetary Annihilation in all ways.More units, more than one faction, better graphics, nice big maps.And I simply enjoy it more.I bought this during Alpha, and it really feels like they never bothered to finish this game. One faction. Really?"
,Recommended,233250,13608774,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,PowPow SWE,A really awesome game
76561197996668645,Not Recommended,233250,13532745,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Lephtovermeet,"In it's current state (Dec 2014 Galactic War Edition) this game is really mediocer at best.What you are expecting: a Star Craft like RTS that spans worlds - shipping people and units across planets, having interstellar units, buildings, and combat etc.What you get: a fairly generic underwhelming RTS which almost entirely takes place on a single world or at most only 2 worlds.To briefly describe the game: game play takes place in two maps - the galactic map and the planetary annihilation map. On the galactic map, basically all you do is click a new solar system, then if it is empty, you click explore. After exploring you may get some new technology. THIS IS THE ONLY WAY TO GET TECHNOLOGY IN THE GAME - there are no methods of research or discovery - it is literally, point, click, and hope for the best like a flash game. If the solar system is inhabited, you can begin the RTS portion of the game. It's fairly standard and takes quite a bit to get used to the short cuts and controls - most things are fairly clean and they did well with being able to lay multiple buildings at once and give series of orders. Nonetheless, the RTS is really lack luster. It's pretty much always on one planet, or at most there will be two planets. You never actually get to have these amazing inter-planetary wars and the only way you can even get into space from your planet is if you were lucky enough to stumble upon the orbital research tech at some point while pointing and clicking on a galaxy map in the flash-game portion of the game.The game looks very pretty and has some clever ideas. It controls fairly decently for what it is. If you take this game at face value as a fairly mediocre RTS, it's probably worth $5, maybe $10 if you really love RTSs. That being said, I can't help but feel it's a huge let down and it will never likely see it's full potential."
,Recommended,233250,13614958,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,tH4b0Mb,"Similar gameplay to Total Annihilation/ Supreme Commander, but on multiple planets instead of just a single map.It's a lot of fun, but doesn't feel finished as of December 2014 and the planet smashing is kind of unbalanced.If you get this you have to keep in mind that this game is still pretty much in development despite being ""released"".With that said, I can still recommend it. This is definitely not a ""scam"" as some reviewers have called it.It's a great game, it's just not finished yet."
76561198052781426,Not Recommended,233250,13703600,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,|a.L|MacAdams,"I really wanted to like this game, but I simply can't. It has no soul, and is severely lacking in fun factor. There is nothing about PA that really pulls you in while you are playing it. I get games that take a minimal approach to user interfaces, but it's usually to immerse you in the game so you aren't staring at numbers and icons. However the graphics are a downgrade from SupCom FA (especially with the new FAF patches), you have limited camera control, the menus and interface are bland and flat, the sound effects and music are disappointing and generic, and worst of all destroying things is simply not satisfying. Blowing things up should be intrinsically awesome, right? Yet somehow this game has managed to make it an anticlimactic chore to destroy your opponent's base. Strategic gameplay? Crippled. The entirety of this game is spamming units and eventually outspamming your opponent while using abilities that every player has and every player will see coming. Don't even get me started on features and bugs, which in my short play time were already obvious.The people who play this game competitively (ladder matches, etc) will keep playing it, but not because the game itself is fun, rather because winning is fun and losing presents a challenge to win another match. What everyone was hyped for was a true successor to Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander, and instead we got an incomplete watered down Snow Globe RTS that lets you bump other snow globes together. Even hype aside, this game simply can't compete with older RTS games and certainly not with new titles. Do not purchase this game."
12345678900000000,Recommended,233250,13921720,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Outta My Way Ronald MacDonald,You can ram planets into other planets and there is a death star thing so i think that about sums it up.
,Not Recommended,233250,13599180,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Collateral Damage Man,Its STILL unfinished. Stay away.
76561198003521120,Recommended,233250,13819417,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,boomboxdanca,"Very fun, especially with friends."
76561198019395353,Not Recommended,233250,10728133,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Fr33zy,"No hotkey groups, no way to create attack groups.♥♥♥♥♥♥UI. Impossible to understand and unintuitive resource system. Skip this one, complete waste of money. Go play Starcraft if you want a game that makes sense."
76561198037602061,Recommended,233250,12263581,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Iznogoody,"Good Game,only problem is that UBER have F***ing ripped me off, i pay £50 for this game a year ago to support them, now find out there is a digital deluxe version which i wud have to pay for, Game is great so Buy it. But Uber, u have brought shame upon yourselves and now view you as being on a par with Bankers (money grabbing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s with no morals) your cavedog forefathers would be turning in there graves."
,Recommended,233250,14080925,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Effecter,Gave me the tetris effect. 11/10 would try beating a normal bot again.
,Recommended,233250,14765932,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,WhiteOnion,"This game is great, i did not tried it in PvP but single player mode gives a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,233250,14783260,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,MadMatt,"I love everything about this game, the evolution and how the developers have pushed this game through the beta has been great.  If you are looking for a good RTS that will make you lose hours of your life. This game is for you."
76561198090595270,Recommended,233250,15880640,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Chippy,"This game is not as good as it should have been, and it was indeed released before it was a finished product. However it is still a very good RTS overall after the devs patched up some of the problems. It's still not perfect, but is has a lot of greatness to it. The soundtrack is epic, the graphics are charming, and the gameplay itself is epic and can make you feel like a god among men once you get the hang of it."
,Recommended,233250,11147631,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Toasty3000,"Such a fun game. I'm not even into RTS normally, but Planetary Annihilation is outstanding, especially considering it is only in gamma at the time I'm writing this review.Gameplay: 9/10Art: 10/10Soundtrack: 9/10It really keeps you busy the entire match, there are no dull moments.Only bug I have noticed so far is that sometimes units can get stuck in between structures, but it hasn't happened often enough for it to be annoying. I'd barely consider it a bug"
76561198011156577,Recommended,233250,11075513,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,desertpunk,great game :)
,Recommended,233250,11076690,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,bliptec,Quite a smashing experience!
76561198028146146,Not Recommended,233250,11127996,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Firstblood,Likes:- 3D map- Galactic War concept (reminds me of the epic galaxy domination campaigns you could do in star wars battlefront)- massive scale- unit progressionDislikes- Galactic War progression is seriously broken-- tech advantages are hugely important making a fight without the right tech very difficult-- multi-planet battles without orbital tech is super cumbersomeOverall I wish I had waited until this game was properly released since I got quite frustrated.
76561198035600750,Recommended,233250,11146942,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Sergeant Marshmellow,"PROS: Excellent gameplay, Excellent graphics, Cant get enough of the design of factories and such, I am yet to meet a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on the servers, Love the interplanetary stuff, Very user friendly ( allthough since there is no tutorial for multiplayer i suggest playing Galactic War first )CONS ( in my opinion ) : Galactic War needs more work but im assuming that is what they are doing, Tanks are slightly OP with the new ubercannon tanks, THIS GAME IS VERY HEAVY IN TERMS OF PC SPECS but again if you have the recommended specs you can run it pretty well,All in all i rate this game 8/10 Annihilated Galaxies"
,Not Recommended,233250,13733116,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Blessings O'Babylon,"A dull, unimaginative, bad looking slog of a RTS. Do not recommend."
,Recommended,233250,16699804,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,KiraMortis,"Ok, so, here it goes - Planetary Annihilation(actual pros and cons underneath this long, useless text :3 )I bought it during the Beta, I suppose, as I paid around 50EUR for it. Let me put it this way - I officially played it for 30 mins, before deletion and a lot of raging about the devs. I couldn't even launch the damned thing correctly without it crashing and bla bla bla, I basically considered those 50EUR lost.Jump forward in time, it's the end of June. I felt, like giving it another try, because I saw, that it was actually frequently updated. Launched the game - would you look at that, it actually works. Oh wow, there are more than 4 free Commanders. Ok, no tutorial. Hmmm, well, what the heck, Uber size map and easy difficulty, that should give me some headstart.Ok, explored uncontested planetary system. Nice, seems to have a good item to upgrade my giant death machine. Jump to the next system - enemy system. Ok, let's do this, how hard can it be, right?Should have learned the in game guide, get destroyed in 15-20 mins. Ok, shut down the game, cause I'm a sore loser! Don't judge me, we all have those times, and we don't want to lose in an RTS game. Turn it back on, read the basics - ok, let's give it another try. I actually manage to win. Nice!I've only put around 5,5 hrs in the game, and I'm (surprising to even myself) hooked. I haven't discovered all the tech, I haven't even conquered more than 6 planets in a single game and I ragequit another, cause I lost and it autosaved it.The ProsThe area, where the game takes place is humongous, like, damnThe instructions are fairly simple and after a few games, you begin to understand the functions of your units/buildings/other crapHaven't explored far enough, but damn, I can crush a planet or a moon into another planetPersonal Death Star is something, I'm certainly looking forConsidering, where this game was 9 months ago, I would say, that it has progressed greatlyThe devs seem to be intent on bringing this game back out of the sespool, it was in during it's infancy, which I respect a lotThe ConsHaven't seen a real training mission or any other teaching method other than the guide (which actually is pretty good)Want to enjoy it more, than me? Have a better pc/laptop than me! (I'm making diner, so ill show my specs later)Can get frustrating, when you lack the knowledge, but since it's fairly easy to learn the game, this is not an issue.ConclussionThis was the first developer ever, that has♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off so far, I even wrote a hate post on their forums, I think. However, these guys are also the first ones, who didn't abandon a half finished game and just took our money. Sure, right now, I can't say, it is worth 50-60 EUR. But now I finally see, that my money is well spent and I wasn't betrayed by this company.Don't look at the negative reviews, unless they have been made in the last 2 months, cause this game evolvs fairly quickly, if you take a look at how often and how large the patches are.As it stands now, I cannot say, how much I would rate it, but it has cought my attention and I suggest, you try it out.Good luck, fellow Commanders, and let's Annihilate!"
,Recommended,233250,16245762,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Croaker,"Bottom Line Up Front: The true spiritual successor to Total Annihilation, this game still has a lot of development work to go.Pros:1. The technology tree has a wide variety of units divided between air, land, sea, and space.  Each one serves a distinct purpose and none of them feels like they are redundant.2. The galactic war single player, despite the lack of a storyline, is quite compelling.  Every turn I want to go to that next planet to see what upgrades my commander will get and what opponent I'll face next.  As you progress the tech tree is expanded with each additional upgrade that you gather.3. Planetary Annihilation has a very intuitive hotkey system.4. There's a really cool rewind option you can use during single player.  If you get to a point where there's nothing you can do to save yourself, you can rewind the game like a VHS tape back to the point where you think things started to go wrong and play from there.Cons:1. The multiplayer is consistently borderline as far as active players are concerned.2. The save game feature does not work.  I tried loading a game as an experiment and none of the units showed up, resulting in a draw for that match.3.  The game still freezes or crashes every two or three hours.  If this happens during the Galactic War, your current progress will be erased and you will have to start a new Galactic War."
,Recommended,233250,16353670,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Tyler y'all,"When I first saw the trailer for this game about a year ago (maybe?) I was super hyped. As a fan of the RTS genre, Planetary Annihalation was looking to be the most rediculously explosive and world-ending RTS ever.I was not dissapointed.There is no better feeling than carpet bombing your friends with nuclear missiles, or watching a moon impact with their planet. The game is everything you expect out the title, and more.I have no criticisms for this game, especially as it is still in Alpha, or Beta, or whatever.Seriously, if you're into the RTS genre and blowing the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everything, buy this game."
,Recommended,233250,16392523,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Padster01,"This is a difficult review to write.The game is an awesome idea, interplanetary battles with amazing lazers and missiles you can strap to a moon to catapult it somewhere. However this game is not perfect.Pros-Multiplayer works well-Singleplayer Galactic War mode is great fun-Possible to make your own system to battle on-Quite addictive-Constantly updatedCons - This is where the bad bit begins-The system requirement-The glitches (so many, everywhere)-Not many varients of units,you have the tank, flame tank, anti air tank and thats all-End game orbital war is painful and slow-Not enough players to fill up the multiplayer lobby'sThis is the worstTo begin with it is interesting, but as time goes on you realise that 90% of singleplayer games are exactly the same, same tactics win everytime.Now with all cons why do I recommend it? the 10% of games that aren't repetative are awesome. If you feel like an RTS game where you spam LOADS of units (and have a good computer) this is the game for you. However If you are after more tactics and more complex and interesting gamplay the Supreme Commander series is perfect.This game is not in full release like it says on the steam page, it is still in development and maybe they will fix the issues so keep an eye on this game but only get it on a good deal. Overwise, go for supreme commander forged alliance (The steam advertising is pathetic) which is half the price of Planetary Annihilation."
,Recommended,233250,16540917,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Robot Commando,"Very fun game in a genre that hasn't seen a quality title in many years.PROS:+ Can use Death Star-like lazer to blow up an entire planet+ Awesome 3D graphics+ Cool maps+ VERY reminicent of Supreme Commander (an excellent RTS)CONS:- AI is OP- Not very fun to play against said AI- Very steep learning curve- The AI in Galactic Warfare always get better essential tech (like the ability to construct airplanes) which makes the game very hard. I only get to about two planets before being forced to fight another commander.I've played many an RTS such as C&C, Red Alert 1,2&3, Tiberian Sun, and Supreme Commander. This one is by far the hardest one to play. I'm not saying that I am a prodigy but I don't suck either and the AI in this game is way too hard. Certainly needs to bebetter balancing.VERDICT:Fun game with cool explosions and graphics, but very beginer unfriendly.Would bring a friend."
,Recommended,233250,16591671,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Infallible,"At first, I thought I couldn't recommend this game, however after playing it for more time I realised it isn't so bad. Granted, optimisation is lacking, however the game continues to be under development and with modding support it is actually great. Hopefully this game will have a larger playerbase so matchmaking doesn't take so long."
,Recommended,233250,16406048,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Dayton,"Please stop the power of snowballing. Coming from a SC2 player who has beaten GM's: Reduce the snowballing for newer players. It's too hard to try and get used to, and online seems impossible to queue with anyone close to your skill level"
,Recommended,233250,16333764,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Cake 🎂,"I'm not normally a fan of RTS games. I'm too slow and can't multitask. This game however has sometihng special about it. It looks brilliant. The sound track is brilliant. The gameplay is brilliant. It's a game about smashing very large objects into other very large objects with as many explosions as possible - tactical smashing. Everything is OP, making it a balanced race to build everything as quickly as possible to destroy everything.There are a few bugs, and hardcore RTS fans may not enjoy it as much as other similar games, but I love it. Buy it!"
76561197999725847,Recommended,233250,16109581,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Nightwalker,"Previously I had given this game a negative review when I played during early access.., but now, after many patches, I can recommend this game. Singe player games are now hosted locally, and perform very well. Unlike other games in this series, orders can be given over an area. It's possible to order one construction bot to place metal extractors over an entire planet by merely clicking and dragging the mouse. This means less micro-management.This game is fun, faster paced than previous games in this series, and, best of all, works perfectly in Linux."
76561198002390723,Recommended,233250,14676283,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Plasmawielder,10/10 That's no moon!!!
,Recommended,233250,14766969,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Bad and Boujee,"*dark clouds and thunder suddenly ravage the scene, a voice echoes from the sky*heheheheheHAHAHAHAHAHA...kid...really? Did you think it was going to be that easy...*blinding flash of light strikes the ground, a figure appears wielding a 1337cm long robotic♥♥♥♥♥♥ This isn't even my final form kid, I just gave you a sample of my power...but now that I see that your serious...it's time to kick it up to maximum overdrive. *ki aura radiates from the♥♥♥♥♥♥ COME ON KID, GIVE ME YOUR REAL BEST SHOT *starts lunging toward you at sub sonic speed* HYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!"
,Recommended,233250,15129976,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,A Freaking_Box?,"not much to do, also ahead of its time."
,Recommended,233250,15816005,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Crispy,It seems like a great game but I suck too much at it to know for sure.
,Recommended,233250,16587887,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,AlexDragmire,"I really enjoy this game. But if you're new to military RTS games, I wouldn't pick Planetary Annihilation as a starting point, I'd suggest the Command and Conquer series as a starting point. But if you're a veteran RTS player, Planetary Annihilation is going to be right for you. It offers a fresh take on RTS games. To the best of my knowledge, strapping rockets to a moon and sending it on a colision course with your enemy is entirely new. The games has been improved greatly since launch. I'd recommend the current version to almost anyone. The game is especially fun with friends. The AI can be particuarly brutal at times which is why I wouldn't recommend this game to players new to RTS. A single, easy AI that can provide an extremely swift death will cause players who are trying to learn RTS principles and techniques a lot of grief. But to veterans, all the AI levels provide an enjoyable challenge. If you are in the market for another RTS to add to your library, look no further. Get the game and start raining moons and asteroids down on your enemies!"
,Recommended,233250,13290416,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Chef,I wish more of my friends had this game so i could have a full scale war!
,Recommended,233250,14425594,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,乙 | JahnMan,"I like the game, I wish I was better at it. The gameplay is really fast, especially if your enemy is quick to make units and attack you before you even build your first factory."
,Recommended,233250,11647518,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Trooper,"The AI bullies you and the game pitches in.It's like an all you can eat kill the player with airplanes and robots and boats and artillery, everything besides what the player is limitted to.Multiplayer is fun though. Only if you can sprain your wrist with your APM. Not as bad as SC2 though."
76561197969304324,Recommended,233250,11646021,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,DarthBinky,"I still have fond memories of Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander (1, not 2).  And Planetary Annihilation is shaping up to be a fantastic (spiritual) addition to those games.It satisfies my desire to watch stuff blow up."
76561198057103659,Recommended,233250,13956532,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Dinonumber,"How many times do I need to get the AI into just the position I need to win and then have the damn game freeze YET AGAIN. Other than that, this is a VERY good game. But nothing raises your ire more than spending half an hour building up a massive swarm of boom-bots and then having it all crash JUST as you put down the teleporter outside the enemy base.In short, apart from it crashing, get it. If you can't handle things crashing, stay away for a bit. At least when it crashes in PvP it pauses it and lets you reconnect."
76561198013377777,Not Recommended,233250,17619239,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,vin0914,Turns out this entire game was just a paid Beta. Now the real game 'PA: Titans' has been released and they want us to pay even more money. Uber clearly have no respect for the gaming community.
,Recommended,233250,15806263,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Elysian,Definitely worth checking out seems fun. I highly recommend laptop users to buy a mouse for this game.
76561198040773901,Recommended,233250,14712496,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,jeffa cake,This game is an awsome idea a new take on an old classic to bring it into this century the balance is getting there and its still getting updatesgame is amazingBUTit needs a more ARM CORE toucha solar system with a story of enemy factionswere differences are not only their colour other wise its just rasist robotsanother tech level teir with a bonus superweapon for each type of unit would not hurt eitherin the end its still amazing BUY THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥the time for thinking and reading this crap is past now throw your money at it
,Not Recommended,233250,17607336,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,ffrotty,"Weird, you release a new game that has all the features this was supposed to have.That is basically the definition of why this ""development model"" is just a scam trying to gouge the players.Oh, and this game was basically mediocre."
76561197970635833,Recommended,233250,14735744,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,urielventris,7 out of 10 for lack of  decent single player campain.  If your ok with that then it's basically supreme commander with some nice features.  However the lack of some features makes for a game that's abit half baked.
76561198028285097,Recommended,233250,14711817,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,FC.Replacing Caesar,"I love playing this game, however I can't, atleast not well. I can run the game perfectly with no lag, but the menus are laggy as hell and make it impossible to load into a game. 7 times out of 10 the game will not respond and I will need to restart my computer. If you want to play with another person don't even try to load a system with more than 2 planets. The whole menu and game lobby systems feeling like your wading waist deep through oatmeal. This game could be 10/10 if they fixed this major issue."
,Recommended,233250,28955884,Posted: 2 January,all,Zbig,It's pretty cool but wait for sale and get Titans.
,Recommended,233250,28952214,Posted: 2 January,all,Blind,I love this game Good Strategy game and love to make armys Even Better with friends      DO RECOMEND      would like an copy for my friend
76561198098410472,Recommended,233250,28977834,Posted: 3 January,all,Party P3opl3 9,An rts that takes place in a solar system of different planets.
76561198186809965,Recommended,233250,28680355,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,PYROM4N14K,10/10Would accidentally shoot my teammate again with a giant death laser again.
76561198042727023,Recommended,233250,26665875,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,StubbornMite,"Personally, what ever its faults, I absolutely love this game, it is quite literally an updated remake of my favourite RTS of all time, the Original ""Total Anhilition"". If you were a fan of that game, this is a game for you."
76561198022044459,Not Recommended,233250,19099180,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Fluffy the Defiler,I loved the idea of annihilating planets and bought the game even though I saw it is unfinished and almost unplayable. I was hoping that it will get better and developers will work hard to make a wonderful game of it. After I saw that they released an expansion to unfinished game I just realized that it will stay ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as it is and felt kinda cheated by Uber. Won't buy any other game from them as this was low from my point of view. I do not recommend it at all (1/10 for the possibility to obliterate planets)
,Not Recommended,233250,19295887,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Kramit The Frog,A game sold on lies and outright deceit.  It's practially unplayable and never fun.  Not to mention the expansion being sold which contains the latter half of the originally promised game.Hey Uber┌∩┐(◣_◢)┌∩┐
76561198018371850,Not Recommended,233250,20328974,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,VostokMercenary,"nice concept, who doesnt like crashing planets into other planets, but there is little content besides that, basic unit choice similar to a stripped down supreme commander. And with the release of its so called 'sequel' which is essentially just an updated version of this, not much point in buying it."
,Recommended,233250,20624937,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Jagace,"My last catalyst dock was blocked by 2 metal deposits.In response to this, I built 32 nuclear missile launchers.10/10"
,Not Recommended,233250,20749292,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Vengoth,"Broken mess,,"
76561198078266641,Not Recommended,233250,21746589,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,[SGW] Domino,"IT WAS ONE OF MY FAVOURITE GAMEits nice to play but dont buy it anymoreServer are lagging and only a little bunch of player so u wait endlessand if u play u hate this game Now for the laggs and your match is in slow motioni bought it in a Sale for 35€  in wintersale 2013 , it was so nice so many player so many fun good server ..."
,Not Recommended,233250,19117060,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,W_Master,"Game feels unfinished, and that a year after release. Unbearable framerates for no apparant reason, even at lowest quality settings. No optimization done.A cheap game... sorry to say."
76561198029814559,Not Recommended,233250,19622314,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Wubbins,"Liked this game in early access, because, y'know, early access. Thought they'd add more. They DID, but it's in a different game instead of updating this one. Money well wasted. Just buy Supcom if you want excellent large scale combat"
,Not Recommended,233250,20799991,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Knock Knock,"As many others have pointed out the Devs have released an ""expansion"" that contains the full game plus more content and have left the original backers hanging in the wind. Save your money, the game isn't very good anyway."
,Not Recommended,233250,23559266,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Weeb hunter,Bad. The dlc should be with the real game for real. I got this because the new command and conquer failed. The only reason I would get titans is to play multiplayer.
76561197978680790,Not Recommended,233250,13678058,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Raiz,"Controls feel clanky, game feels unploished, only 1 race from the looks of it, no offline mode."
,Not Recommended,233250,21828811,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,ZER0,"Was a decent game that needed improvement.Currently and into the future, an abandoned, not polished game.The developers are a bunch of screwy, greedy, pieces of crap!Took them forever to add just some of the needed game components, like saving. Then they abandoned us all, and released the same game with a bt more stuff and some of the needed improvements.Now this ""version"" rarely gets updates. So things take a while to get fixed or never are fixed...Do not buy from this developer! They need to go out of business and never come back.-10/10"
,Recommended,233250,12007421,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,SpockTheBuilder,"This game was going so great just a few months ago, but now the Launch Edition is almost unplayable. Definitely buy the game if it is on sale, otherwise wait until they fix this mess."
,Recommended,233250,11958825,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,InvincibleMan38,"Alright here's what I've seen so far.  I've been with this game since the Alpha state.  Definitely a keeper.  Only problem is how demanding it is on your computer.  It takes up alot of RAM and still needs a few more fixes to improve performance like perhaps unit limits.  All in all, graphics and gameplay are actually highly entertaining and crashing moons into planets is a big bonus.  Even on the lowest graphical settings this game blows most others clear away.  Visually stimulating, challenging, and always full of tactical and strategic surprises, Planetary Annihalation is sure to keep you on the edge of your seat, especially in those bigger battles."
76561198016688903,Recommended,233250,12019914,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,JavR,"Baught the game... can't play after 30 min of trying... got an uber account, still can't play. What's going on!!!"
,Recommended,233250,13206450,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,CaptainCrunchy,"I was skeptical when it was $69.99 but now i got it for $5.99 and tried it out... simply just WOW!  Beats the crap out of Command & Conquear.  I'm an C&C RTS player way back during the first C&C came out.  But this... brings it to a whole new level.  Of course it's weak on it's story but wth.  The game play is simple and expands the play envorionment from one planet to another within 1 galaxy.  Now that... blew my mind!  Of course there is more to the game mechanics but i'll keep it short, don't want to spoil it all. I highly recommend this if you're an RTS game type.  5/5 stars!"
76561198024198049,Not Recommended,233250,14067549,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Nicholas,"- All online, no offline.- No option to save.- No option to pause game.- No option to speed up the game or change game speeds.- Barebones RTS."
,Recommended,233250,13173766,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,CHROME_REAPER,11/10 most planets i ever annihilated
76561198006532703,Not Recommended,233250,9303779,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,BlueBull,Terribly buggy. AI too aggressive.  Spend endless hours pratcing to beat AI and not learn the game or units.  not very fun.
,Recommended,233250,12328268,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Dohtoor,I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥at this game.
,Recommended,233250,11344945,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,space muslim,"this game is still in dev but it will blow u away the level of emersion when u get killed on your home planet but you narrowly escape to a distant moon and develop your tank armarda and suddenly portal your army in and overwhelm the enemys turrets, nukes and giant bomber squadrens. you gain a sense of satisfaction. this game  still has bugs and im sure that those will be iron out. the games is one of those games you could buy in beta and still get your moneys worth. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,233250,9334904,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Chaplainissar,"You would think over $2,000,000 and 2 years of development would allow Uber Entertainment to show signs of progress from their initial gameplay trailers. It seems the majority of the money has gone to the musical score."
76561198062892482,Recommended,233250,9249480,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Don_Juan_Cojones,"Work is still in progress, but this game is already awesome.It is still in beta so you might experience some bugs here and there."
76561198072250722,Recommended,233250,8735993,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,SteveyFrench,CRASHING ASTEROIDS INTO PLANETS TO KILL THEM ALONG WITH ALL THE HARD WORK THAY PUT INTO BUILDING DEFENSES TO STOP A GROUND ASSAULT BUT THE DUMB♥♥♥♥♥♥FORGOT ABOUT SPACE.
76561198060820346,Recommended,233250,8856162,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,BotMan2000,Love the game! Recommend it to anyone!
76561198071715689,Recommended,233250,9020310,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Hattrick,"aswome game love the concept that you can go to other planets and even crush your foes with astroids, if you like RTS games this is for you. the AI is a little op even on the low settings it's apm is still really high but once you get the hang of the game it's not to bad. This is still a bata so there is lots of work ahead for this game and i'm really looking forward to see what the final outcome is for this game. GL HF and Enjoy!"
,Recommended,233250,10716137,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,shack heel oh kneel,"That planet planet planet, that buttery biscuit planet"
76561198030685674,Recommended,233250,10755106,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Predator,Total Annihilation is one of the all time greats.This game is the modern version of that with a team fortress two style graphic overhaul.Lots of fun tho if you enjoy blowing things up.
,Recommended,233250,10691681,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Chewy,"Okay, I more or less bought this on a whim for 17 bucks. And I have to say the only thing that irritates me is the constant online thing. Once/If that goes away I'd give this game a 5/5 for being pretty much what I wanted in an RTS. Want to make a giant army? Sure do it. Want to make a mining moon base? Sure do it. Want to make a army replicating moon base? Awesome, now you are thinking. Want to teleport an army in behind your enemies lines? Hahaha, Now you are thinking with portals son.In all seriousness the Galactic War campaign is really cool, and all I have played so far, once I have the time, Ill probably go for more multiplayer games. I can't wait to see what all is added into the final version of this game. This is a game that holds true to Early Access, it is playable but you can see where they need to refine it a bit."
,Recommended,233250,10692419,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Iron-Bound,Short review for Planetary Annihilation.If you like Supreme Commander... Buy this game!kthxbye
,Recommended,233250,10767944,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Gadsby16,One of the best looking RTS ive ever played!
,Recommended,233250,11579541,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Colossus,Lots of fun and I would recommend but… You need one hell of a beefy computer because this uses 7GB of my RAM.
,Recommended,233250,13503958,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,A Potato Named AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.,Played aginst ai and got 420 rekt scoped.
76561198072595564,Not Recommended,233250,13937693,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,mman777mw,"I have agreed with many of the other reviews. Simply put the game is far from earning the status of release, Even Blizzard Entertainment's Technical Alpha stages are better than this. I love the game and the concept behind it, but this game should be reclassified as an early access title. If I can't sit through a single player skirmish without the game breaking, or becoming unresponsive to the extent that i have to shut down my laptop (which is in between minimum and recommended requirments for the game) in order to close it is a huge red flag. To the members of the dev team.Please read these reviews it would do you a great deal of good. This feedback is what any game needs to properly develope. In short with all of the bugs in this game it makes Sonic Boom look like game of the year, and that♥♥♥♥♥♥is far from being considered a finished product. Please continue to work on and FINISH this game. I believe this game will be super glorious when it is ACTUALLY finished. it because of this, with a heavy heart, that i would not recommend the game at this time.-Mman1/11/2015"
,Recommended,233250,13999541,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Sol_Phoneix,"It's a fun game ""when it runs"" and i do enjoy it but it needs work and should still get updates but don't get it at full price get it on sale like i did. other wise it just isn't worth the price."
76561198105088832,Recommended,233250,13263139,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,asshat,very fun beginner rts game
,Recommended,233250,13229735,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,ContentControl,Very good game with hours of fun with friends and strangers ahead. There are a few things that I consider game breaking mechanics but every Strategy game has them! Over all i will rate this game 14/4
76561198070544774,Recommended,233250,13231524,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,1st.SgtCarter,"(Don't mind the 6 minutes play time, i went aroundthe playfab login screen by launching PA directly)What a great game!  First off to all reading this of late 2014, most of the reviewsyou are seeing are from the beta stage, hence all the negitivity.  It's greatly improvedsince then, yes it's taken awhile but it's been so worth it.  The scope of this game isamazing.  Take the single player, you are fighting for a whole galaxy!  How many gamescan claim that prize?  Not much.  Anyway, the amount of units and buildings is great, nottoo much, not too few.  You've got anything from tanks, ships, to lazers from space (freakingawesome).  And of course the planet smashing (sweet!).  I have yet to try mutiplayer as i'vebeen so engrossed in the SP.  The AI starts off easy but gets much much harder as you progress.I'm a huge RTS fan, so being hard but not crushing is key.  PA delivers!  So stop listening tothe guys hating on this, grab yourself some awesome RTS action!"
76561197965319357,Not Recommended,233250,9140679,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Sicks,"Not as great as they'd like to think it is. Complicated and busy outweighs the fun. When I playing, I usually just quit and play supreme commander 2.Update 5/25/14- Still Sucks. The single player is unplayable due to SERIOUS lag. Game has potential, but it is literally a waste of money at this point."
76561197987063992,Not Recommended,233250,13777589,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Doom Random,"If you're a diehard Supreme Commander fan who enjoys building a defensible base with a strong offensive ability, do yourself a favor:LOOK SOMEWHERE ELSE.This game is solely for offensive players, you CANNOT build any kind of defensive line, PERIOD. You will DIE if you do not build a standing army within the first five minutes. You thought Cheating AI was bad in Supcom? HA! This game's AI will be dryhumping your commander before you can rotate the screen around your starting planet."
76561198050995226,Recommended,233250,13917614,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,MegaRusck,"A fantastic game that provides a natural and flowing learning curve.  It doesn't hold your hand at all, and allows you to go at your own pace.  It features fantastic graphics and a cool new look at multiple planet games.  In under two weeks, I have put in around 21 hours of gameplay.  Definetly reccomend it, especially at reduced prices!Quick tip!  DOn;t hesitate about deleting techs!  They will show up later on!"
,Not Recommended,233250,13598605,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Enverex,"If you're looking for a good successor to Supreme Commander then unfortunately you'll need to look elsewhere. The game feels hollow, like a an unfinished alpha that still needs to be properly fleshed out."
,Recommended,233250,13830870,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Bonesinger,"I'm a RTS junkie, so this review has some heavy bias.Anyway, this game is a spiritual successor of Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander. Like in those, you have a commander who is your ""king"", as in, you lose him, you lose the match.Resource gathering is simplified: create the buildings and then get your focus back somewhere else.Unlike many other strategy games, this one lacks any kind of technology research. All you do is create resource buildings and proper unit factories: air, vehicle, bot, naval (pretty useless on most occasions) and orbital.Another thing that sets this game apart is the combat. Its short, massive and brutal. There's no unit limit, so you can simply leave your factories on an infinite building loop. It's rather short and brutal, because units kill and die fast. This in itself is kinda awesome, the problem lies in the fact that, on most maps, your army is in a planet, the enemy's in another. Getting them there is usually a bit of a chore, since teleporters and orbital transporters are easily destroyed.There are basically 2 strategies: rush against the commander (on single planet battles) or rush for the super weapons.Despite currently having over 17 hours of playtime, I still haven't managed to find a planet where I could build a Catalyst, Delta-V engines (for literally pushing a planet against another) or even the Annihilaser. The first two appear in the construction UI, but I never find a place where they can be placed.This game also lacks a minimap, instead allowing you to use small cameras monitoring other places. If your screen is small, you probably won't make much use of it.Hint1: If playing defensive, always surround your commander with at least 2 close anti-nukes"
76561197975255551,Recommended,233250,8595582,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Ryakka Meridia,battles on a massive scale and its only getting better
,Not Recommended,233250,13902152,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Killerdude,"AI spams nothing but Nukes, and Nuke defence silos are basically building sized paperweights."
76561198078977612,Recommended,233250,13919347,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Nylarthotep1984,"Defiantely one of the more challanging RTS games I've played but its really fun really fast paced and well worth the price.  Also the graphics looks awesome running on ""Fantastic"""
76561197961558280,Not Recommended,233250,12330566,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,AlexFabZZ,The game feels bland and incomplete.
,Recommended,233250,13624678,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,HappyDragoon,"whats better than a giant turret or 50 small turrets, nothing 11/10would destroy planet again"
76561197972458972,Not Recommended,233250,12393616,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,maji,Definitely not a finished game...
76561197993656331,Not Recommended,233250,13510360,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Khardinal,"Many detailed reviews are written.  So I just want to add I feel scammed as well.  And to add insult to injury, they dare to sell micro transaction units in their unfinished game.  If you really want to play this game? Don't buy it, but come to my house instead.  At least you will have some one to offer you a warm coco and a blanket after you've been violated."
,Not Recommended,233250,13607264,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,sea-b0Ne -teamplayer-,"Every time i launch, it's just a black screen with a task bar at the bottom. All i can do is check my empty friends list and look at my non-existant notifications......fun3/10 unsatisfactory"
76561198031532645,Not Recommended,233250,12386344,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Rhade,"Unfinished mess, do not buy."
76561198000787546,Not Recommended,233250,12389234,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,LucidusMentis,Still unplayable offline.
76561198077790717,Not Recommended,233250,12030213,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,NobleStar,"Nope, not worth it..."
,Recommended,233250,14422758,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Slyzer3<Useless Potato,Its is very fun and nice to compete with friends and against randoms.Would very highly recommend for anyone looking for an rts to start off with xD
,Recommended,233250,13898704,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,RabiusTabiusGabius,Do you like blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up? Then this is the game for you. 8.75/10
,Not Recommended,233250,12274364,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Panic,Loading screen simulator 2014.
,Not Recommended,233250,13604016,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Impacttrooper,"""Create a FabPlay account to link with Steam"" - ALTF4"
,Recommended,233250,16668976,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Freddymc,"There are many reviews for this game, but this review is going to straight off the bat point out some things people say about this game that are simply untrue. This game has had a bad past but sometimes it's better to forget that and instead look into the future.""This game is unfinished""Was. The devs made a mistake of releasing this game without some of it's promised content. People, including me, got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and guess what the devs did? Literally a couple a weeks later they added in the promised features and a couple of months later added in something that wasn't even promised but people wanted anyway.""SupCom is better""SupCom and PA have two similarities: Macro gameplay and streaming eco. That's about it. People always complain about this game not being what they expected, that being a modernized SupCom. This game's playstyle is completely different.  Sorry for being innovative. And if you wanted SupCom, play SupCom, not this.""Singleplayer sucks""Actually, it's quite the contary. Although this game lacks a proper single player campaign, galactic war is quite enjoyable. The AI is very good, doesn't cheat and can be excellent partners/enemies. However, don't buy if you want a legit campaign, as you won't get one.""No strategy, all you do is spam units""Says the guy who only played against the AI on the easiest difficulty. There is a lot of strategy in this game, and if you aren't convinced, you can look at some of the replays of some competitive matches.""Devs are bad""The devs are very active and also communicate with the community. If there is a bug happening a lot, the devs will whip into action and start questioning people to get this bug fixed. Out of all of these assumptions, this is one of the most untrue.This game is good. It's not for everyone, but it's good. It's not SupCom, but it's good. I would say check out some videos on it, and make absolutely sure you're computer can run it, and also make absolutely sure that this is what you're looking for. If you like macro RTS's but want a twist on gameplay, get this. You won't be disappointed.EDIT: Just to let you know, most of the negative reviews are outdated, and should be deleted.Also, there is an offline mode, people used to complain out PA being always online but the devs added in offline mode shortly after release."
,Recommended,233250,16592663,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Officer Schnoppelpus,rough start but so fun now
76561198027095256,Not Recommended,233250,13632576,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Dreadger,"I spent most of my time playing galatic war, which seems to be the single player focused mode. The ai skirmish mode is'nt bad, and should definatly be the main focus of new players rather then the single player war that they say ""is better for new players because it has less units"", more like less units = less utlity, and the enemy will always have everything you do plus more.This seems like a game that you really need to put time into to enjoy. Sometimes game's take hours to end because the enemy has turtled up on their planet, and you can't get to them. Every attempt you make to get a foothold gets shut down instantly unless you go in ""really"" big, which even then has a chance to get shut down. But i guess thats why they have the ""death-star"" gun to put a stop to it once the game goes on for such a long time. In galactic war, you most likely will not get space ships, so if an enemy is on another planet, games will often stalemate for many hours.It's also sometimes difficult to micromanage when you have to swap between the views of planets. I feel like alot of improvments to the UI to help give better information about things, or to select things without having so many shortcuts (you use every key on your keyboard and then some). Having context sensitive keys would do wonders, also maybe bars you could click on that will select all idle units on a planet, or to route units to certain places and have them auto patrol or auto join in on attacks.Overall, i feel like many improvments need to be made, good match times are always 30min - 1 hour, something that only happen when you start off on the same planet as the enemy in this game.I'll come back to this game in a year maybe, and see if they fixed galactic war since it feels pretty broken right now."
,Recommended,233250,11074693,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,DryvBy,"A quality game for fans of Total Annihilation or Supreme Commander. It's authentic to the source because I can't beat any A.I. difficulty.The coolest thing is taking over planets. You can zoom out and check out the entire galaxy you're playing on full of a sun and different planets. Games will range from 30 minutes (my typically game length because I'm wiped out quickly), or hours."
76561198042028330,Recommended,233250,11101405,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,fmland2,"I've enjoyed Total Annihilation since it was released and now Planetary is trying to reach that bar. Still has a way to go. One thing that would make it a lot closer would be to change the basic combat bot ""dox"" back to ""peewee"" It'd be nice for the old fan base to have something to connect with."
76561198036963451,Recommended,233250,14492499,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Zadig,"Excellent game, greatly impoved since the early access"
,Recommended,233250,15813917,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,[RK] Nero,"It's really fun! But P.A. Titans is better than the normal P.A., which is this."
76561198026817201,Recommended,233250,16733498,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,haz,"Game under appreciated, alot of the negative reviews are from early access, its much much better now"
,Recommended,233250,17457968,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,DerpFaceCake,Came for the destruction stayed for the orchestra
,Not Recommended,233250,13628616,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,DarKxJester,"Very excited about this title. Though let down by a team that I believe greatly cared about their product. Graphics are great. No bugs that I've seen. Multiplayer for that special someone whois going to choose this RTS over the rest. !st off things don't auto lock into place. The game dynamics make you feel in control but with it auto correcting to where not how my mouse pointer is pointed I could either be in a straight line of building buildings in a line or all over the place. There's no  starting guide, so you're most blindly playing. It's not overly technical so if you've played RTS games prior then you're not going to have to large a learning curve. There's no restart match function in the single player content. You don't get the grand feeling of accomplishment. It seems that it doesn't matter what part of the galaxy you've been too you never have to defend what you took. There are numerous of their sided mega structured death robot you only get the one. So if you lose you lose period. Limited tech slots at first were an interest but greatly became an annoyance. I got no great accomplishment from taking the next and being able to build better because I did. There's no defined grand loading location so matches can be as short as a minute because the giant robot walks straight into your main base and gets taken out. There's very little story line and I would've liked to see involvment of other species trying to stop me from taking over everything. Then on top of that new things are 4.99 a pop on their private servers. So as I got it on sale I just don't see it being worth it to have purchased it at all. After playing a demo I would not pick it up but to say hmmm that was interesting but it's grand lack of content left me wishing it was so much more. Maybe one day they'll sell the name and have someone make it into the game they just couldn't pull off."
,Not Recommended,233250,13647541,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Myrrinth,"I tried to like this game.  I really did.I think that the biggest problem is that I played the original Total Annihilation and its spiritual successors, the Supreme Commander series.  The polish and fun factor from those games was superior to the point where I would load this game up and quit within 10-15 minutes to go back to SupCom.  This game feels like something that would have been released 3-4 years prior to Supreme Commander, not something from 2014.Maybe this game will develop to the point where it will be an alright game, but I don't think it will ever get within sight of a game as outstanding as Supreme Commander."
,Not Recommended,233250,14929188,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Majin,"By god this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥...on a pc that can run farcry3 , ac black flag , max payne 3 , wow , ac rogue , diviniy original sin on high, this game doen`t even load properlly.I can`t even start the first mission..i`ve got like 2-3 fps.Buy Supreme Comamnder 1/2.There way better and not broken !"
76561198050234528,Recommended,233250,13932586,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,liz.army,"Purchased/Downloaded from steam on Jan 8th, 2015.It's ok.  I would get it on sale if you're an rts game fan.Single player mode worked for me.  Haven't tried multiplayer yet.Can't save in single player mode, but that's not a deal breaker for me.Haven't played the other annihilation or commander games so maybe this game is more unique for me than the other reviewers and that's why I like it.I guess the developers are more focused on refining the mechanics and interface, with the intent of adding eye candy later, and that's ok.  Game played smoothly for me."
76561198016759421,Not Recommended,233250,13957320,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Pimpmaster Bob,"Noble in concept, but it didn't live up to the original vision of TA.  The maps feel cramped.  The controls awkward.  Looks stylish, but style doesn't ever overcome mediocre gameplay.  I left feeling greatly disappointed."
,Recommended,233250,27919854,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CPT Yesterday,"As a fan of the original Total Annihilation and also Supreme Commander, this is a refreshing new take on the RTS genre that adds more depth of expansion in a way not usually approached. Can be mildly simplistic and even cartoonish at times but overall a welcome feel trip for me."
76561198026274785,Recommended,233250,28437091,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Ender Knight,this game is a lot like supreme commander 2 but to the extreme.I still can not stop playing Planetary Annihilation and i hope thay make one more.
76561198057867541,Not Recommended,233250,32687210,Posted: 23 June,all,Fucking Savage,This game is hopeless.
,Not Recommended,233250,23254206,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Somnus,Titans content should be part of this game. Feel cheated
76561197971209551,Recommended,233250,30493838,Posted: 13 March,all,Japestar,"This game is awesome. But really not easy, you need to learn the meta and play a lot to be good. But if you like chess and space this well rock your world!"
76561198069976712,Not Recommended,233250,13605429,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,rangefinder,"Ok i really looked forward to this game but it falls way short. I couldnt even get 50 hours on this because it is so ineffective at capturing my attention and i am a RTS fanatic. 1000 hours on the total war series, 1000 hours on the Wargame series  but this was unplayable.Single player was boring, and multiplayer was impossible to to server lag.DONT BUY THIS GAME! IT IS A BORING MESS!"
76561198037138569,Not Recommended,233250,21283582,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,GordnBenit,"Apparently the original PA is available for purchase again, great! I mean, where's it been for the last year or so, because as far as I knew this game was unavailable until recently. But I guess Uber have brushed that whole deal under the carpet.Since it's reappeared, let me just take a minute to say this game is broken pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ as evident in their alleged standalone ""DLC"" 'TITANS' that is basically the exact same game as this, but fixes almost everything about it and adds the original planned content. Do you want to fund that kind of blatant scum-baggery?Hell just wait a while longer and I'm sure neither of these games will exist."
76561198090234955,Not Recommended,233250,21886983,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,biu,Made a mistake of buying this game during a sale and then finding out the add on is not a normal dlc.It is actually the real complete game forcing you to pay for extra.Do not support this company.
76561198076576861,Not Recommended,233250,21953996,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Alex2838,"Do Not Buy This Game, it lag so much its impossible to finish a game I got a Asus strix Gtx 970 OC 4gb with an I7 4790k and its impossible to finish a game. It lag so much that the timer do not even move 2min irl become 5seconds ingame."
,Not Recommended,233250,13703932,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Evil Bones,"At the time of this writing (12/29/2014), I can not recommend this game. Why? It's clearly not a finished product. It's at a beta development stage at best. They obviously didn't bug test the game, as it always crashes and has memory leaks, rendering it nearly impossible to finish a lengthy (45+ mins) match. Avoid until it's patched (if ever)."
76561197964120751,Not Recommended,233250,15853120,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Hyperlynx,"I'm enjoying it, but it's unstable, you have to be online to play (which is also unstable), not all of the features seem to work (like saving your game or deleting a spare singleplayer campaign), and the singleplayer AI is pathetically easy to beat.I can't recommend it, in good conscience, with these problems. This should still be in early access."
,Not Recommended,233250,19257623,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Jack Knecht,"what scummy developers.releasing an undeveloped game then add the rest of the game as ""DLC"""
76561198006571860,Not Recommended,233250,28175798,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Fenris,"Setting aside community drama about the developer: This is the base version of the game. There is no reason to purchase this version, as an 'expandalone' was released. If you want to buy it, go get Planetary Annihilation: Titans instead. The most advanced mods are only being updated for that version, and they go a long way to redeeming any deficiencies within the unmodified game."
76561198056826625,Not Recommended,233250,19229194,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,˙ǝʇɐʇsǝ ןɐǝɹ ǝǝɹɟ,Classic example of a Kickstarter scoop it and run. Game was promising and was never delivered; final death came in the form of a full priced expansion that pretty much just added some titan units.
,Not Recommended,233250,20189816,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ezwip,"These developers are shameless snake oil salesmen. They might as well be the illuminati of the PC industry. There should be hidden Freemason symbology throughout this game. This game is now being sold under the name Titans on the Steam store. You will find the exact same game with them adding new units to it. There is no point in purchasing this as it is very laggy, extremely buggy, and abandoned. If you want to be part of a scheme where you are hustled and part of a running joke this is what you were looking for. There is no better example of it on Steam."
76561198115232432,Not Recommended,233250,23131339,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Erithyl,Game won't even start anymore
76561198010267484,Not Recommended,233250,23496279,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Cardace,Thieves.
76561197964037836,Not Recommended,233250,13613855,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Lykataus,This game is simply unfinished. They released a product that may have met their goals but really this is an unpolished beta that you are paying for.
,Recommended,233250,13615337,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Engeri,"I really can't see whats wrong with this game - at this point in time.They probably ripped off the people who help kickstart it it and stuff but right now, for the right price I think this game is a load of fun. It's new, challanging but not too hard, pretty easy to get into, even if you have not played RTS games that much before, and the visuals are nice and appealing & The game has a new and relatively fresh idea which is always nice.However it's not what i expected, I did think the game had a bit more punch to it than it really does. Still a good game in my opinion"
76561198039229373,Recommended,233250,11876435,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,chiewer cactus 16,game keeps crashing but is really fun before it crashes
76561198011550319,Not Recommended,233250,14786075,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Doom_Sloth,If you are a fan of suppreme commander 1 or forged alliance you will not like this game.
,Not Recommended,233250,10254539,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Iskandar,"I'd love to post a wonderful review of this game, as the videos look outstanding and the gameplay looks like it'd be quite fun.... but unfortunately all I've been able to experience is a screen that says ""Failed to Start Game."" After a few hours of effort and scanning through forums here and on the UberNet website, it appears this isn't exactly a surprise to anyone. Nor is there a resolution to this problem.So at this point my interest and enthusiasm has been depleted, and all that really comes to mind is:  can I have a refund?"
,Recommended,233250,13190067,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,3PAC,"I love this game! I almost didn't buy it because of some bad reviews, but I did and it's amazing! (Especially if you like space!)  This is an exsilent RTS game. I love the way you switch beetween planets! It can be hard to manage at times but when you starting doing thing across the solar system is it great fun! (Especailly with a big solar system and more than on freind!)"
76561198078971120,Not Recommended,233250,13914898,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,jimcatmanv1.64,Yea this game didn't even run evertime I tried opening a game it would crash. Dont buy.
76561198028209057,Recommended,233250,13902406,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,a murloc,"I bought this game very early on for $30 and it has been fun the whole way because I like playing it certain games every once in a while. This is the only reason I can tolerate this game's many bugs. I try to find a way around them and if that does not work I just don't play it for a while. Right now the game's UI has improved tremendously and the loading is much better but there is a lot of bugs with playing on a custom system. The biggest being that you have to play it with a vibrant red hue that will not go away no matter what setting you are on. Overall, I like this game but its only worth $10 tops, because it is unfinished."
76561197985573723,Recommended,233250,13261399,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Evan,"Alot of promise, a bit laggy though"
,Not Recommended,233250,13900337,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Toga Himiko,"Spent 70$ for this about a year ago expecting greatness.Never was able to play it, always got disconnected.HUGE waste of my money.And insulting to see it being sold for 6$.It is an okay game, but back then and even now, it is no where near worth the price I paid.Yes I know it was early access when I purchased the game, but it lacked what I expected it would have."
,Not Recommended,233250,15146608,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Legate,"I thought that it was a real successor of Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander + war between planets (yeah!!) I was wrong.Negative:1) It looks as an old game with low details (all units looks very similar)2) Main unit has nothing relevant.3) Controls are not friendly4) Still has bugs5) Its heavy (you need a good PC).6) It's boringUpdate: Load game, on campaign, is a beta option (WTF) and it doesn't work.PositiveI'm still looking for that part of the game."
76561197984036404,Not Recommended,233250,16613682,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,firewolf20002001,"Probably the most unfinished game I ever played. Everything is awkward, unergonomic and graphically disappointing. I was drawn in by the epic kickstarter and was really quite excited about this game, but feel let down."
76561197970522809,Not Recommended,233250,11095225,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Alilua,"What wants to be a follow up to Total annihalation and Supreme Commander has sadly fallen short. It has some potential still but with this rough early acess game being sent to shelves as physical copies and the addition of an ingame store, to say this is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ization of the concept of a game is an understatement. This is a prime example of early access gone wrong. Monetasation options get added to the game before unit rosters get finished, maps stabilized, and bugs affecting core gameplay fixed. A shameful and grand display of loyal customer betrayal. The worst part is the sooner you bought the game, the more you paid for it and the more dissapointments get shoved down your throat."
,Recommended,233250,9376374,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Hernia Hermi,First impression: Epicness beyond your imagination
,Not Recommended,233250,16925793,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Jamiroqake,This game runs awfully even on the lowest setting (and I have a pretty powerful PC) and is absolutely trash at introducing you to game mechanics. When clicking how to play it literally pulls up a list of tips and nothing more.
76561198032373367,Not Recommended,233250,16913777,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,TT,PA.exe has stopped working/10
,Not Recommended,233250,16926068,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,MindCraft,"Very shallow and buggy gameplay. The developer is famous for not releasing games in a finished state and this is no exception. I bought it on an impulse based on my love of the total anhilation series, but it's basically unplayable. The spherical planets seem like a great idea, but it just turns into a huge rush of bots that you can't distinguish. The best strategy is the create as many of the basic tank unit as possible and rally point them to the enemy base."
76561198051074140,Not Recommended,233250,15184798,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Reaper,This game has too many problems and does not function properly this was a waste of money and I will not support uber or any other affiliates again of them again
,Not Recommended,233250,12371158,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,GhostlyPixel,"Previously I had recommended this game, in fact I was planning on buying it for friends come winter sales. That was when I thought Uber (the developers) cared about the game and their players, but they are obviously throwing aside PA, a game they dared to call 'complete' and giving the fan base (or what's left of it) the finger.Problem 1: No offline mode. EVEN SINGLE PLAYER. RTS games are great at killing time, and so I love playing them on long trips. Not this one. If you lose connection for a second, game over. The units in the game are controled by Uber's servers to ensure that no one cheats, again, also in single player. This means that if your internet skips for a second, say someone started a video stream, your game freezes, and when it comes back you could be in serious trouble because the AI was still playing like normal for the entire freeze.Problem 2: Bugs, bugs, bugs. A bug where the graphics in the game just sort of shrivel up and die in a pretty rainbow (Screenshot of one of the many times it has happened to me here:http://cloud-4.steampowered.com/ugc/537376749202736325/DD9FC0B9D2295325D6F267CF76223E244185F1FA/). Fixable only by ending your game (which cannot be saved, I might add) and completely restarting the program. Great job there, Uber. A bug where defeating your enemy will randomly just crash the game, and the game won't remember that you beat that enemy. This happens especially on Faction Leader planets (enemy planets with three commanders instead of the usual 1), which have games that last up to an hour or more. Finally beat that last of the three commanders after a 50 minute full-on nuclear war? Great! Too bad the game will never know, because it WILL proptly crash, as the victory music plays on, mocking you. A bug with pathing. Uber seems to think that units stuck endlessly driving into terrain or other units/buildings is totally fine. It's not.Problem 3: No matchmaking. That's right. Want to play with your friends? Too bad, go fight that random Russian guy who's gone undefeated for months, then go fight him again because no other games could be found. This can be solved by mods, but seriously Uber? You make a game focused around multiplayer, and can't even get the multiplayer right?Problem 4: No (useful) tutorial. The game just plops you in and you get to figure everything out by yourself. Sure there is a tutorial button, but it just brings up a tutorial video of the game in Alpha, complete with different UI and obsolete units and tactics.When this game was added to Steam, right after Uber was KickStarted, it looked extremely promising. But Uber has slowly declined in to just not caring about the game, and released it as a cop-out to quickly go and start a new project. (which will be on the same engine, and will likely feature many of the problems listed above).I want to like this game so much, I really do, but the constant bugs, Uber's lack of fufilling features promised in the Kickstarter, and Uber's overall laziness towards the game's release (and onwards) kills it. So many reviewers feel the same, Even PC Gamer wanted to really like it, but was striken with bugs, and began to notice the problems with the game, netting it a 60/100. That is the first time I have ever agreed with a critic.Why, Uber? Why?"
,Recommended,233250,12450998,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Captain Killsteal,Prepare for nothing but interplanetary nuclear warfare.
,Not Recommended,233250,27143461,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,falconSeven,Abandoned after release so they could grab more cash.
76561198058117473,Recommended,233250,24293840,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Doom-Dude,"This Game is good fun, both offline and an online, a good group of friends can make this one hell of a good time too, a bit hungry in terms of running it on decent graphics and it sometimes chugs, but not often. massive battles, blow up entire planets, its a great time, especially with one friend who likes to use ""popcorn"" tactics and rush suicide units. its rather pretty to watch as well."
,Not Recommended,233250,15891771,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,ckreon,"This game. I ALMOST spent a lot of money on this in early-access, but I (fortunately) missed the big funding launch, and by the time I caught wind again, players were already very publicly upset with the game. With the community's outspokenness about not getting fixes from the devs, I decided to let it get out of development and check back on it.Then, the game officially released, which got my attention again. Sadly, it didn't seem like anything had really changed. In fact, many features had been stripped completely, and the things being complained about long ago were still being complained about. I avoided purchasing again, opting to give it more time and maybe catch it on a sale (despite my desperate urge to buy it and love it right then and there).That great sale came along (fairly quickly...), so I caved and picked up the game. I wasn't sure if the fundamental issues had been addressed, but people weren't complaining as much anymore, so why not.Sadly, a fantastic concept, a wonderful style, and a great Steam sale don't fix a fundamentally broken experience.It turns out the complaints quieted down simply because the people who were trying so hard to LOVE this game finally just gave up and left. And that was the first sign of this game's demise. Well, that, and the crazy blowout sale on an otherwise ""newly released"" title.So how did such a great legacy and game concept go wrong? Why did so many, who spent so much money and time on this series, give up and leave?It's just a broken game.Path-finding is almost non-existent. If there is ANY kind of obstacle between a unit and it's destination, you run the risk of that unit getting stuck, spinning circles, or just giving up and becoming idle. What's both funny and sad about this, is I am a new player, and I was facing these issues at the very beginning of my experience with the game (under 20 buildings, brand new planet, etc.). I can't imagine how tedious it must become once you actually get a planet covered in buildings, units, defense, satellites, etc.As an extension of the path-finding issues, I also encountered a bug where the ""reclaim"" action would get stuck. The unit doing the ""reclaiming"" would start the action, but it had no effect on the unit being reclaimed. It would sit like this until I noticed, moved both units a bit, and tried again. It worked on the second try most of the time.The UI is crowded, hard to navigate, and generally a bit clunky. I'm not sure the RTS genre needed another new UI invented - we've gotten pretty good at showing what we need to see in accessible and convenient ways. However, this game does sport an original UI, and it has it's own learning curve to even look at effectively. This is somewhat understandable, as this isn't a typical RTS in most respects, but I'm not sure the effort was ultimately successful.There's not really a good starting place for new players. The ""player's guide"" is a cruel joke told at the new player's expense. It does outline some basics, but it doesn't really tell you how to do anything, nor does it explain all of the features of each element. For example, the camera system alone is pretty complicated, but all the ""guide"" tells you is that the mouse-wheel zooms in and out, and you can hold the middle button to pan around. Well, it's not wrong in that respect, but that's about 10% of the camera system (there are many views, along with ways to manipulate those views, and even camera ""anchors"" you can place for late recalling, but you'd never know that as a new player without external research).You don't get a breakdown of what units and building really do. Most you can figure out yourself, but some are more ambiguous. The ""Unit Cannon"" was a bit of a mystery to me until I discovered the attack commands off to the side of the screen (thanks UI...). Turns out it literally shoots the units (as the name aptly suggests), but you have to build the units at the cannon, and when it ""shoots"" them, it's actually deploying them, not shooting them as ammo. So it's more of a transport, and less of a cannon.Anyway, that's my experience so far. It really is too bad.I wish - I wish so hard - for a giant patch that includes a path-finding overhaul, a real tutorial/player's guide, and a UI redesign. But that almost sounds like building an entire new game, and I'm not sure we'll ever get it. Maybe we'll get lucky and in a few years the Mod community will correct what the devs left wanting."
76561198024142574,Recommended,233250,30476337,Posted: 12 March,all,Moose Is Bread,Great Game! 9.5/10 Reccomended For People Who like Space and RTS Games
76561198080082374,Recommended,233250,12125888,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Walmart Dial-up,"UPDATE: 8/6/2015: Still playing this game. The developers are still improving the game and adding new features. Besides bug fixes and performance improvements that they made, they officially added the ""rewind"" feature in the chronocam. This allows one to rewind and start anywhere from a previously saved game. While I never really bother using the feature, I imagine others would enjoy seeing other options that couldve been played out.Asteroids were also added a few weeks ago. In my opinion, this is the best feature added in PA thus far. PA has a tendency to end in a stalemate when facing equally matched opponents. The issue previously were based on PA's crater smashing design where planet collisions would never actually destroy entire planets, thus never actually end the game. While this may sound ""cool"", it actually ruined the flow of the end of the game and turned the greatest aspect into a chore.Asteroids fix this issue because they are essentially smashable moons that spawn at selective intervals in the system. Because they spawn later in the match, it opens up opportunities for a losing team to quickly gain control.UPDATE 2/11/2015: The still continue to add more content to the game which is good to know. There has been alot of bug fixes and gameplay improvements. Although many can argue that all this stuff should have been done before release, there continued effort to keep working on the game is great to see.-Added new commanders. Its always nice to see more interesting commander designs- Added submarines. Adds more variety to the naval units-Balanced naval units. The naval battles seem more strategic now and each unit has a more defined role.- Overall balancing that allow for other unique strategies- A modding community gaining more experience. They are adding alot of new maps and gamemodes which are alot of fun.UPDATE 12/18/2014: So far the dev team has added quite a bit of stuff. At the steam holiday sale price of ~$10, This game is definately worth it for people that are undecided.- 1v1 competitive match making- UNIT CANNON- Significant improvements to the system editor. Systems are more unique now- Nice player guide for new players- Fixed alot of bugs. Game now runs more smoothly.- New commanders (Have to purchase, but they are only for cosmetic purposes)- Did i mention the Unit Cannon?After playing more, the game still hasnt gotten boring. There are always people to play with which is good because this game is best against other humans. Another thing to mention is that the competitive scene in PA is very nicely organized and prepared. This is a nice little addition that the PA commnunity is doing and I think its worth checking if thats your thing:http://exodusesports.com/.ORIGINAL REVIEWAfter putting in over 100 hours, I have seen what the game has to offer. I purchased it during early access and have been following what Uber Entertainment will add to the game in the future. While the full release would still be considered a beta for many, including myself, this game shouldnt deter you from purchasing it. Compared to other developers that started out on kickstarter for there funding and didnt deliver, like The Stomping Land, Uber Entertainment is trustworthy and will keep updating this game, adding more content as time progresses.As for the game, these are the highlights that the game has to offer....UNITSThe game is different from other RTS games based on its economy and how armies are constructed and handled. The game runs on the perspective that quantity is the deciding factor in battle, rather than micro managing units. However, this isnt to say that the game doesnt have any strategy with its units. The strategy consists of channeling these large armies in  strategic locations across an entire solar system. Your army as a whole is more determined based on  how quick you want to hit the enemy and what units are necessary to take out the enemy structures displayed. With this in mind, the game provides a unique experience that is different from many other RTS games. Think planets rather than sections of a map.ECONOMYTo support these massive armies, Planetary Annihilation's economy is constantly streaming. This means that energy and metal, the two resources of the economy, are only consumed when required. As a result, this allows the economy, which is spent on your army, to constantly develop as you further your expansion. Maintaining and improving your economy is the deciding factor on whether one can afford better units that will ultimately win the round.WHAT MAKES THIS GAME GOODMultiplayer. Multiplayer. Planet smashing. Multiplayer. Death ray. Multiplayer.Large multiplayer games with shared economies. This is what makes the game extremely fun. While this game doesnt have a great singleplayer gamemode, your going to spend your time on multiplayer. Taking over entire planets and solar systems is more fun with people. With a shared economy, your armies get much larger at a quicker rate, allowing for more interesting gameplay. Nothing is more rewarding when a teammate can send over 500 units to your location through a teleporter, saving yourself from complete annihilation. Because you were working on that ecomony the entire time, the least your teammate can do is send you a care package containing an army that can destroy the enemy.Overall, there are alot of complaints that people have with the game. Some are justified, but the majority are people that dont look at the minimum system requirements and update there video card drivers. This review is a brief summary on what the game has to offer. If you enjoy multiplayer and have a computer with the recommended system requirements, you will certainly enjoy this game and what it has to offer."
,Recommended,233250,10420621,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Send bob,Smash planets while eating burgers...
,Not Recommended,233250,15805231,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Löwe (P-NUT),"15min. of intresting gamply + $50 + steap learning curve + in game purchases = NOT WORTH YOUR TIME!if you dont have a top of the line super computer with the latest and greatest drives, im sorry pal but you are screwed."
76561198010772432,Not Recommended,233250,15805262,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,FinKone,"Remember when this game was 99 dollars!?  Oh my.  Really falls short - even for a 5 dollar game.  I've checked into it on several updates, and I just ... they missed the mark - major time.  Plus I just can't support the sales model they've pushed.  I won't bother with the next title from these guys."
,Not Recommended,233250,13736108,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Jamie,"Fun fast paced strategy game. The only thing that has put me off it is not being able to save in the middle of a battle. Some battles are more fun drawn out and after an hour of building a massive army I cant save the game and if something comes up irl then it feels like a huge waste of time and sucks alot of the fun out of the game. If this was fixed then I would recomend this game, until then I would leave it alone."
76561197984954708,Not Recommended,233250,13922083,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,lORD_Jajator,"lots of potential, but the game just feels empty. Definetly not worth the full price. If you liked SupCom 2 - you might like this, but if you loved SC FA you will be HUGELY disappointed"
,Not Recommended,233250,11330047,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,LtKillPuppy,"Hrrm.  This is going to be a hard review to write.  Why?  Because I am on the fence on whether or not to recommend this game.I am fan of Cavedog and Gas Powered Games two last RTSes, Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander.  As far as I am concerned, Westwood refined the RTS genre with Dune, and later Command & Conquer, but Cavedog/GPG evolved the RTS genre to the peak of RTS gaming.(Note: SC from here on means Supreme Commander, not Star Control or StarCraft.)TA introduced the concept of direct-vs-indirect fire as a core game mechanic, along with flexible resource management, and SC took the concept of mass-produced large scale battles to their extreme.So let's put those two games history aside for now and talk about Planetary Annihilation.  Right out of the bat, it plays a lot like TA with a mix of SC thrown in.  And that's no surprise, as appearently PA's developing studio is made of people from both Cavedog and Gas Powered Games.PA does not play like other RTS games, such as Star Control 2 or Command & Conquer.  It has no concept of fixed resources.  You don't buy a single tank for 500 ore units, which you must mine before you can purchase it.  Instead, you have to think about resources in PA as amortization.  Tanks still cost a fixed amount of resource units to build.   But you can ""soak"" the balance of a tank and build it as long as you have a reserve.  Unlike all other RTSes out there, you will never receive a message that says, ""You cannot build this unit because you lack X or must build more Y!""  Your factories will continue to operate, but the time required to produce your in-production units will rise geometrically.  You have to balance the amount of income you have versus expendature, and in that manner, the TA/SC/PA games feel a bit like an interactive business cash flow simulator. :)It's that resource flow balancing act which is, at first, difficult to master as it plays so different from all other RTS games.  But if are you already familiar with this system (ie: played TA and SC), then you will feel right at home.The other aspect of PA that is important is indirect fire.  In most other RTS games, you have a binary relationship between detection of an enemy versus the firing range of your weapons.  If you can see your enemy, you can usually shoot them.  In PA, that relationship is skewed.  Most units actually have a longer firing range versus their vision range.   Therefore, indirect fire is important.  If you aren't aggressively using air units or have a scout unit in your mix of units, then you will have a lot of trouble with losing units frequently, as they will only engage once they see the enemy  -- Where if you had some way to spot them further away, they might actually be able to indirect-fire at the unit.Why am I belaboring these points concerning resources and indirect fire?  Mostly because I want to say that any criticism I have against PA are not against either of these two aspects;  And I suspect a lot of the complaints about the game being too hard are due to people not understanding those two critical components to how one should play PA.  It's understandable, too, as the game does not take any effort to explain how its core gameplay mechanics work at this time.  (I am only assuming this is a known problem and will be addressed before release.)My review is going to mostly focus on the Galactic War, as currently this is my only taste of the gameplay.  I have yet to try a private match against AIs, nor have I tried only play against other humans.I want to love PA but there are some problems which become appearent once I try to engage the game past an hour or two of gameplay.First, the game feels like a step backwards from SC.  SC (particular SC: Forged Alliance) had a wonderful three-faction system (later, four faction with the FA add-on).  Each faction wasn't just a re-coloring of the same units;  They all had three distinct play styles and different classes of units.  None of the factions were over-powered, and your choice depended purely upon your play style or the type of map you were fighting on.If you are not familiar, one of the unique aspects of the TA/SC/PA series is the fact that you have an avatar.  It's a very powerful unit called the Commander, and if your Commander dies, then the match is over.  This adds a whole new element of strategy to the game, as it is possible to be assassinated.PA has Commanders, too, just like TA introduced.  But in Supreme Commander, Commander upgrades were added;  This acted like a tech tree which allowed you to customize your Commander's performance and/or what units you could build.  The tech tree was clumsily implemented (from a UI perspective), but a lot of options were mutually exclusive, forcing you to choose which sort of play style of focus upon.  So not only did each faction have its own unique focus, your Commander could then be specialized further.  But PA lacks any kind of system like this.PA feels like Total Annihilation -- Faceless, generic robots smashing other faceless, generic robots.  GPG had evolved the genre beyond that with SC, but for some reason PA desires a return to the simpler game style of TA.  They just introduced combat on other planets.  And because of that, I found myself growing bored with Galactic War after a few matches.  Gone is the fun and engaging single player campaign from SC;  It's been replaced with endless battles across randomly generated planets against randomly generated foes.It's worse with Galactic War, since you are limited at the start with very basic technology, which limits what you can construct and field against the enemy.  You must find upgrades by defeating enemy Commanders, and as far as I can tell this is as randomly generated as the rest of the galactic map.  On my second play through the Galactic War, I found Air Tech on my third planet, and I was able to beat the AI for the longest time using just this tech alone.  On my initial play through, I could not find Air Tech, and once I encountered a Commander that could build air craft, I was slaughtered.And this leads me to my third complaint:  The AI seems to not scale at all.  I defeated it quite easily on my first three planets, and that was expected.  But now I am on my fifteenth planet and it's still just as easy as the first planet.  The AI is more aggressive, sure, but it does not take long me to overwhelm it.  I can generally beat the AI in less than 15 minutes, each time.  Even on Normal difficulty, this seems underwhelming.It's actually surprising, because the AI for Supreme Commander was initially quite broken, but was later refined into a quite competent opponent via a mod called Sorian AI.  The developer for Sorian AI appearently works at PA now, too.  I can only guess that PA is still in flux, and that the AI's build orders and unit values have yet to be tweaked.  Right now, the AI in PA is just as easy as the AI was in Supreme Commander (before installation of Sorian AI mod).  When people call this game hard and say that the AI is pounding them into the sand repeatedly, I can only guess that they are lacking an understanding of the two central concepts I mentioned earlier (resources and indirect-fire), because I found the AI to be a total push-over.It's these problems, and this appearent general lack of foreward thinking, which has so made me feel very luke-warm towards PA.  I want to love it and recommend it to my friends, but I also feel like I should point them towards Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance in its stead (plus specific mods to fix issues with the game).  I can only hope this improves as Uber refines their game but at this point I think PA is what it is.Short of it: I only recommend this if you are a die hard TA fan and skipped SC, or a TA/SC fan who just craves more bot-smashing RTS action.And don't mention Supreme Commander II to me.  Ever."
,Recommended,233250,7957569,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,InevitablyLost,An already amazing strategy game that has plenty of room to grow and be one of the best I have ever played! Is it worth its price? DEFINATELY!
,Recommended,233250,11673839,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,[63e] Elronado,"This game is literally the dankest♥♥♥♥♥♥I've ever played.You like Supreme Commander, you say? Then throw your money at this♥♥♥♥♥♥I'd bathe in magma for 4 hours, saw off my own testicles, cook them in said magma and eat them just to see the trailer for this game. In the unlikely event I lived to tell the tale, I'd overdose on hapiness whilst creaming my nickers at the thought of smashing planets into other planets, completely voiding your enemies hard work and simply annihilating their planet."
,Not Recommended,233250,12071648,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Mel,"I seriously wonder from the $2,229,344 that this game was funded with, where has all that money gone into? for it obviously haven't been put forward into developing this glitch ridden ♥♥♥♥ing abomination. To call this game in it's current state a ""release version"" is a big ♥♥♥♥ing joke that nobody but the developers themself laugh to, on their way to the bank.If anyone asks tell them to avoid this game like the plague and recommend Supreme Commander and it's expansion to them."
76561197977182573,Not Recommended,233250,12333482,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,THUNDER,"Still unplayable because of lag after months, and now its released....I live in asia. Everyone who does will find the game near to unplayable because there isnt enough local server support to play the game lag free. Only the smallest worlds will even be possible to finish a match.This is game breaking and they released it anyway...Was a fan boy up untill today; i figured they would fix it soon - weeks passed.... still no word on how players like me can see an improved game. They are still promising to let us host our own servers and offline play. But they promised before that it would be ready and available before release.... ....still waiting.Otherwise game is seriously recommendable. I'm an oldschool TA player and I love this game. I'd just like to be able to play it properly."
76561198063522117,Recommended,233250,11110773,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,NecrosedNexus,"This game is great. It has everything from large scale combat to micromanagement of workers, and does it perfectly.  The odd sense statisfaction of sending 100 bots through portal to annihilate your enemies of another planet gives is nice too. :P4.5/5"
76561198008376280,Not Recommended,233250,10521607,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Trinoya,"Official Launch Review:  Decided to give this another chance since its offical launch. After watching the AI commander litterally sit and do nothing for 20 minutes straight I've seen all I really need to see. I'm not even kidding, he sat there and just didn't do anything... he didnt' build a tank, he didn't build a plane, he didn't even get to building a vehicle factory... he built a few resource points up and just sat there for the rest of the game... It was only after I blew up two of his structures that he decided to walk on over to them and rebuild them... and then he went back to sitting still.Not a good start.That said the lag behind many of the graphics is improved (but still present) and it helps that the animations seem more fluid on many of the units.  I didn't have to give orders five or six times to accomplish the most basic of tasks and there was a good randomization of techs (though that may just be luck).  Honestly I give this game a 4/10.  It's improved since beta but it feels like I'm still playing one.I'll give one final try after any 'post launch' patches go live... but my originial recommendation stands until then. :(Early Acess Review:  On top of being buggy, laggy, and requiring me to be connected to the server for single player... the game goes from extremes of 'winning the match for you' to completely impossible.  The single player stresses collecting techs and defeating enemies only to throw you into fight after boring fight where your ally will win the battle for  you.. until such time as you inevitably go up against a 5 v 2  match vs an enemy that suddenly has every tech in the game that you have and more.If you're gonna stress the idea of 'tech' playing a critical role or part in a game maybe stressing the idea of 'balanced play' should be a priority instead.  Maybe this game will be better come offical release time... all I can say is it wasn't worth the money I paid for it so far and I bought it on sale...Honestly buy supreme commander 2 or starcraft 2.  Both are superior games, less buggy, and do what this game is trying to do far better."
,Recommended,233250,16584418,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Genrul Gruvs,"Planetary annihilation may have had a rough start and not fullfilled it's promises in the beginning, but in it's current state it's basically fullfilled everything that they promised in the beginning and everything I would want out of this game. Uber still supports PA's community by giving out free content updates for this game and listen to feedback about balancing or etc.I think this game was and still is worth every penny I spent buying it. I don't usually like RTS's that much but this is one of my most favorite games of all time.9.2/10"
,Recommended,233250,11472103,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,chadiushobby,"I've played a lot of RTS games and I feel like this game is revolutionary for the RTS genre. Nobody else has made a game like this for the simple reason that in a typical RTS game you play on a boring flat squarish map, sure they can add islands, or add ""elevation"" but you can still back yourself into a corner and protect yourself as you move linearly across the map.This game changes that. Not only are the maps not square, they're spherical and then some. Its the first time I've ever seen an RTS where you can be attacked from any direction and its impossible to get yourself in a corner for defense. To make the map even more complex you've got a whole solar system of planets and moons to fight on. So the game really is a must have for anyone who loves a good RTS game as it has opened up a new chapter to RTS in map creation."
,Recommended,233250,11076701,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Comrade Stinger,This game is Smashing!
12635125334275427,Recommended,233250,13444243,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,that crywolf dude,"Pros:Artstyle , i absolutely personally love itAI , very intelligent , knows what its doing and kicks real♥♥♥♥♥♥Cons:Gameplay , it lacks a real backbone and storyline to really set the game off.Performance , optimized to an extent but really hurts lower end systems.Lack of diversity , didnt feel very much like its predecessor ""Total Annihilation"" , sadly did not have any ""Experimental"" type units :( and every ""Faction"" had the same Units.Overall , i rate this7.6/10Although created completely from scratch , i feel it needed a backbone."
,Not Recommended,233250,26730816,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,MdK,Uber ScamUnfinished Producthave some mikeyh_ :http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=502899211https://www.change.org/p/uber-entertainment-planetary-annihilation-titans-stop-making-us-pay-for-what-we-already-paid-forhttps://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2016/11/16/have-you-played-planetary-annihilation/#more-409605Guess who is in the comments ;]
,Recommended,233250,28845037,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,james,"This ♥♥♥♥ing game. This game issogood. Imagine Starcraft, but add more planets, the Death Star, andwaymore units and buildings. You will not regret buying this game. It's worth the money."
,Not Recommended,233250,24382107,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Improbable,"It was a great game, once. And then... Titans. Once, I loved it as Supreme Commander on a larger scale, with more units and more ways to utterly destroy your opponent. But then Titans came, and the game became unplayable for six months because all support suddenly stopped. They were selling what should have been an expansion pack for $15 extra as a separate game, and later over $30, all for the content they promised would be in the main game at no extra cost in the kickstarter. They lied. They failed. And I could not be more disappointed at the greed and laziness they showed in their execution of this game.It could have been a classic, but they f**ked it up.Good f**king job, Uber Entertainment.Good. F**king. Job."
,Not Recommended,233250,35115774,Posted: 21 September,all,Mao,unfinished game
,Not Recommended,233250,13605545,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Chakka,"Is this game worth it for $6? Yes. If the sale is awesome enough, why not smash a planet or two for the price of a movie ticket?Had I bought it at that price, I couldn't complain.But full price? Despite the time spent, I have to say, ""No""Pros: (1) Interesting Concept, (2) Fun at beginning of each match, (3) Planet smashing/lasering is cool, when it worksCons: Poor gameplay, poor endgame, no saves, little consistency. game breaking bugs, no variety(1) No variety, same units, same strategy, same ""factions""(2) Game breaking bugs. Want to smash a planet? Click and pray.(3) No way to save long games, and/or avoid game breaking bugs, then losing all time in a 2+ hour match.(4) Broken Interplanetary conflict, becomes impossible and frustrating to assault a single planet (except planet smashing, which only works if you have a spare planet or the rare metal one, and it can be upgraded, and the target is smashable...), unless it is very early in the game and opponent(s) just arrived there,(5) Nonsensical pathingl, units gets stuck on shorelines, rocks, invisible crevices, etc, take the scenic route to places (hint, use air!)(6) Chaos, when trying to control interplanetary forces with only one extra ""minimap"" picture in picture box,(7) No planet variety, except for occassionally useless crevice, lake, or ""mountain"" that gets units stuck. Ship (when actually playable) are nearly useless due to random patches of water, slow speed, and vulnerability to air units,(8) Little balance, despite lack of different factions, between the bot, vehicle and air choices (Hint, choose air, bomb to oblivion) Or for (early game) interplanetary movement: build vehicle fabricator, send to planet, build air factory, then spam air. You now control it.(9) Blobs, your only strategy is pumping out more units. Which kind? Doesn't really matter! (hint: air, unless trying to take out a planet, then spam orbitals and pray)(10) Futile economy, no way to manage vast economy or partially automate it besides building more metals/generators/storage manually (shift click/hold+drag = lines of generators or poor pathing to circles of metal. Hint: air fabricators) And BLOB help you if some of that is on a planet you need to smash with late game.Being a TA, SC and fan of similar games, I liked the idea, and did my best to love the reality, but while a fun romp, it's not  a full price experience as it stands. Will they make it better? They seem to be trying, but they've already left many of their loyal followers behind."
,Not Recommended,233250,13679050,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,DoctorSpaceman,"Don't waste your money on this game.Until the devs implement a noob-friendly tutorial that actuallytells you how to play the freaking game, this one is going to collect dust in my library. I have spent the past week researching strategies on forums, watching youtube videos on how to effectively utilize my units, and playing matches against the lowest level AI's. I still get slaughtered by the simplest bot within minutes of the game's start.I do not have much experience with RTS games. I will freely admit this. However, I mistakenly assumed that the PA devs, like most competent developers from a wide range on genres, would have basic tutorials to explain game mechanics and a couple of basic strategies. When they did not, I instead turned to the internet, but it still wasn't enough. I shouldn't have to do hours of research and play dozens of practice matches to get enjoyment out of a game. Why do the easiest bots still utterly destroy new players in 1v1 battles? Why is the user interface so clunky and uninformative? I honestly don't know.To some, it may sound that I'm whining that the game is ""too hard"". To some extent, perhaps I am. But my main complaint is that, for a player fairly new to the genre, there is basically no system in place to explain how to be even remotely competitive. So in conclusion, if you're not comfortable with RTS games, pass this one by. I got it on sale andstillfeel like I overpayed for it."
76561198063236500,Not Recommended,233250,13703545,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,CoolDud,"Right now, don't buy this game. This game is way too buggy right now and if you're looking forward to playing online well then don't waste your money. You can't even join a multiplayer server as the ""join"" button does not work. I was really looking forward to a fun RTS I can play with friends, now I've realized that I've just wasted my money. Don't spend your money on this game until it's stable, when it's working fine then this will be a game you should buy. Not now though, not now."
,Recommended,233250,32549085,Posted: 18 June,all,Pavouk106,"Lots of people hate this game and rate it bad because of the ""sequel"" named PA: TITANS (which is more of a DLC they say). I was initially just like them. I'm not anymore. I will give this game a recommendation.I have bought this game at some discount price which could have been (I believe) somewhere around 12.5€. I was waiting for price drop athough I was looking forward to play it (as Total Annihilation veteran). When it came out it had ridiculous HW requirements and seemed unfinished. People spoke about bugs and it was all suited for multiplayer matches without any singleplayer campaign.Except for the bugs it's the same today. Focused on multiplayer. I can overlook it because there is that thing called ""Galactic War"" that sets me before galaxy full of AI players and this is some kind of campaign (no story there) where you can advance whichever way you want and where available technology takes you. I like it.Let's lave positives behind.What developer made with TITANS is unforgivable. I hate them for it (although I bought the TITANS for 3.5€ later). But it's no reason to hate the game itself. Even though there is no singleplayer depth the game is just fine and I'm sure I will put many hours into this one. I'm really looking forward to try TITANS somewhere in the future and see what this game should be like.Recommend: yes or no? My answer would be just slightly more positive than negative. Finally I say yes."
,Not Recommended,233250,13599167,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,King PolyG,"I bought this game simply because it was on sale. Do, Not, Buy, This, Game.I have a pretty beefy PC and can play almost anything on Ultra  to Movie level graphics, however. This game crashed after 3 minutes of singleplayer play in which it lagged quite a lot. If they were to go back and fix these issues, then I will reconsider and review again. At this point - Unplayable."
76561197965690716,Not Recommended,233250,26310344,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,McDeath,they dropped this game for titans wasted my money dont do the same and i bought it seems like b4 early access
76561197985806226,Not Recommended,233250,13983381,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Bell Riose,"I play on a mac, the game was not playable"
,Not Recommended,233250,12000996,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Captain Luu,I cant even get the  main menu without crashing.
,Recommended,233250,25733801,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,LaughingBovine,"A successor to one of my fav RTS games.  Really good strategy, but not like Starcraft.  More macro."
76561198008061893,Not Recommended,233250,13913547,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Warpig,"this game will not go past a black screen for me, i have a gtx 970, intel core i5 3.00, 8 gb ram and can run basically all games ive tried but this one. deffinite bad review considering i spent money on it"
76561198040779318,Recommended,233250,7902687,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,mixturemash,Pure astronomical awesome. Brings back great memories from Total annihilation. Probably not worth £40 but if you can get it on sale like I did then go for it.
76561197963820803,Recommended,233250,12328297,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Atomsk,"Planetary Annihilation has come a long way since beta.  I initially regreted my purchase back in ""Gamma"" Beta due to balance issues and glitchy graphics but now it's solid.I'll admit I havent been following development in the forums so I don't know what features were cut but what I do know is that this game has much more content then the original Total Annihilation had when it was released for $50 back in the day.  But to compare this to Total Annihilation would be a mistake because while similar up close this game is played on a planetary scale.  A single Radar will generally cover half a planet so you can zoom out and look at the big picture: Star fighters and nukes being lobbed around from planet to planet.The only negative is the fact you currently need to play the game using their DRM servers and these servers are terrible... lag and connection loss is a regular problem.  They promise that this will be removed Oct 9th 2014 ."
,Not Recommended,233250,13965365,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,bigd,"Well most things that was promised was not delivered also single player is horrible. For ex:- There's no multiplayer Galactic war, only one system skirmish- in single player galactic war, You attack the AIs control systems but they dont attack yours- in single player, you cant colonize systems. If it is unclaimed, you just move your commander icon over the system and the system turns blue meaning you claimed it. You cant do nothing to it and you dont have to worry about ever losing it  for the remainder of the time your playing the game.I was looking forward to a massive galactic war with other players but it seems like thats not going to happen. It was also said that it will be hundreds of planets to colonized (before steam released) and systems to fight for control from other players. Well none of that is going to happen. It seems like games these days hype you up through decriptions at kickstarter just to get your money then take away 60% of what they said will be in the game once they meet their $$$ goal before steam release.Only thing we have so far is a horrible single player galactic war and a one system skirmish between players or AIs.I rate this game 3/10. Hopefully it will improve...."
,Not Recommended,233250,13096569,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Battle Buddy,"Cool ideas like giant armies, easy teleporters, and blowing up entire planets to take out your opponent is great. It's supreme commander taken to a new level.However, all of the mechanics and UI that went into the game are horrid and go against any sense of simplicity. Keybinds should be easy, but they are numerous, unintuitive, and have no explanation. The UI offers no explanation on what pretty much any button does. The tech tree is linear and offers bland basic units only. Units are so tiny that you will never see them; you have to memorize what their symbol means. Does it have a plus? A square? Is the symbol a triangle? I have no idea what unit I'm looking at or what it can do.And then the camera. My god... the camera actually flips the map upside down and I have no idea how to put it back. A 3d sphere map sounds cool, but this is not how it should be done.This is a really hard to play game simply because of the controls, and it takes a few hours on a wikipedia to really get started."
,Recommended,233250,13270461,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Ripa Moram117,"Definitely reccomend this game if you enjoy sci-fi and strategy gmes. Yes it can be repetetive and somewhat boring in places, but for me as one, it is also immensely fun, and has enough variation to be worth the price. Anyways, you have to remember, this game is also still in alpha, anyone expecting anything near a finished product is just plain dumb, the devs have done well with the game. Updates are always in the works so it will be getting better through time"
76561198084670540,Recommended,233250,16749573,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,็,It's a great game.
76561197960422442,Not Recommended,233250,13601866,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Baloth,i spent 90 dollars on this game and now its 5.99.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
76561198074920496,Recommended,233250,16669369,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,FalseFruit,Rekt by normal AI10/10Made all my friends get it.Plz halp me.IT WILL EAT YOUR SOUL.
,Recommended,233250,10826238,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,LibertyBaller,This game was part of my Steam Summer Sale annihilation to my wallet.
,Not Recommended,233250,12006976,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Puciek,"Are they joking with releasing it as it is now? Seriously? It's months away from being ready for a release, but clearly they've ran out of money."
76561197979999869,Recommended,233250,12737659,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,ФWolfcainФ,Very complex strategy game
,Recommended,233250,24438502,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Spuzum,This is an excellent game.  Very difficult AI even on easy levels.
,Not Recommended,233250,25858270,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,boom,"The game is fun for a little bit but runs horribly at times and is very basic compared to similar titles.Additionally, it seemed almost like an elaborate scam. Well it is a scam. Promise something. Charge for it. Don't deliver it. Ask for more money for the new version which includes what the original was promising. Disappointing."
,Not Recommended,233250,31716917,Posted: 12 May,all,ferds814,so many bugs in this sh**. stuck to play skirmish 1v1 cause anything else in single player causes nonstop loops.
,Recommended,233250,13091876,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Frosty Jetstream,Total Annhiliation but better420/10
76561197998388869,Not Recommended,233250,13593077,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Fizzy,"Wants to try to emulate what Total Annihilation was but on a grander scale. Fails.Got the game in early access, have been very disappointed with all the broken promises, does seem like the devs took people for a ride to fill their own pockets."
,Recommended,233250,8852645,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,JESUS IS MY LAWYER,best game i have ever played
76561198052390294,Recommended,233250,12694883,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,AyanZo,"Ok, I've waited awhile to write this, and as a Linux user I'll gave my thoughts on it as I've been a part of this game since early alpha shelling out over $70 to get a peek at it during development.##Strategy## It's a fast paced strategy game, there's only 2 tiers of tech so basic units are always viable, and actually spammed in support of the bigger guns in the 'advanced' tier. Still given their cheapness in economy per damage output, they're often rushed on small maps making tier 2 aka, 'advanced' more an afterthought. The first to spam and control more map than the other player doesn't really need to tech up if the other player is too pressured on economy to do so.For units There's :Bots : fast popcorn units, easliy swarmable, easily killed. Midrange at 'advanced'Tanks : slow, tough, rips fortified defenses, close range and artillary at 'advanced'Air : fast harass, and precision targeting with bombers if swarmed in large numbersShips : long range bombardment, ocean control, very slow.Orbital : gas giant build up (think gas skimmers for economy), denying orbital to others, weak ground bombardment. If swarmed sufficiently you can establish a beach head on another planet, but orbital guns on the surface chop them up quickly.Factions: None! In single player there's 'factions' but those are just blue/red team sematics. 1 faction for everyone attacking with the same units.Interplanetary slows many of the rushes, but you can still be surprised by sneakly orbital fabricators (construction units) that build a stargate on you planet and flood units through it. Orbital unit play is often overlooked until the ground game seems to be going poorly, though a radar here and there serve to scout out other planets to possibly take/expand, but mainly if you have 'eyes on' the enemy you can pressure them and simply deny that planet rather than take the expensive colonization effort. As far as orbital units go, they are simply orbital, there is no space battles and they're there purely for support on the planet making units transferring between planets immune to attacks, giving ample lead time to prepare for the invasion as you see a flood or orbital units coming at your planet.WMD are pretty much nukes if it's a small game or planets and the annihilaser. Often the annihilaser is unessary as invasions and planet smashing is cheaper. You hardly see the annihilaser in use unless one person or team is already appearing to win. It's very obvious when someone is building up the annihilaser as there's plenty of time to prevent it. More or less it serves as a doomsday clock. More skilled players aim for sneak invasions, espeically on large systems where the marco-micro management is difficult. Dropping a teleporter is easier than nuking or assaulting from orbit, and is usually faster.Game time is usually fast or unbearably long, stalemates are real in interplanetary and since the game uses time dilation when unit count skyrockets to the thousands. For games > 40minutes usually a super weapon comes into play if less it's either a single planet battle or a small system with fast invasion teleporters.##Development cycle##: In the beginning, there was one planet to rule them all as it was alpha and interplanetary was a far off thing. Right around October/Fall of 2013 when it was to enter  'beta' for the backers, we got a single space transport that could lift a single unit between planets. If you played and remember total annihilation, it was akin to an atlas.. but from space. No rocket lift-off or anything, in fact, to get the transport into space you need to build it on the orbital launcher.. so it rockets into space an unfolds (pretty cool and realistic) then hovers down to surface level to pick up a unit (wait, what?) and back to space before entering a orbital trajectory when you send it off.Around December of 2013 when it was supposed to enter release, us early backers as well as early access purchasers didn't hold our breath since watching the updates and playing it as it was... it was far from even finished. As expected we entered a 'until it is done' phase which many of us hardcore backers saw as inevitable and supported. It did raise questions however though we kinda stamped it out mentally because this was the developer, and publisher, they knew what they were doing. Gamma ended up coming out around March with new features but the persistant bugs and kinks remained.September 2014, it was released or rather entered 'release' . For the backers it came as a surprise that this was release  rather than delta or some other greek alphabet letter. It was more stable, perhaps in its best state; but release worthy? The general consensus was no but 'close to it so i'll let it slide'.Compared to say, wastelands 2 which released late september and had a longer development cycle, (almost a year exclusive development before early access). Wastelands 2 is actually pretty well polished, yes it has bugs but I'd crack that as release worthy. PA is no release worthy in terms of stability and balance. Close? I can't comment as the community has said 'close' far too many times as of late.##Bugs## Coherent UI crashes, espeically in linux land are horrid. Coherent UI or CUI as it's called in the PA community is a third party chrome-based UI which serves as a window into the rendered 3d game world. It controls all the knobs and controls for unit selection and key/mouse input. Chrome has issues in linux, and tab crashes happen more often than in windows, about the same frequency as in mac. Given CUI is based on chrome.. well you get the picture. The UI will crash, or rather you'll loose all input control as you watch your units get decimated, yourself powerless to control them. It's standard operating procedure to restart the game and reconnect to the battle to regain control... which is very fustrating. Overall the game is stable and crashes once in awhile as far as a hard crash. CUI seems to be the weakest point as far as linux playability is concerned. In windows this is also a problem, but not as prevalient.##Overall## 5/10, If you like the concept, and understand you're purchasing an incomplete game then $30 might sound your tune. If you're expecting a complete game, this is not it, but if this is something you've always wanted to try, and play then go ahead."
,Recommended,233250,12436384,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Kryoclasm,"Planetary Annihilation is by far the best RTS experience I have had since Dune II. It has its roots in the Total Annihilation franchise, plus a good mash of Supreme Commander, but don't that lead you to think it is the same game.PA is a complexly different animal. The game play mechanics are unique, and enjoyable. This is a complex game to get your head around, but if you enjoy a good challenge look no further!PROS:- OFFLINE play is now available with LAN support and soon to get official personal server support.- Single player.- Online Multi-player: 1v1, 2v2, 1v1v1v1v1v1v1v1v1v1, 5v5, etc...Any combination you can think of using. Max of 10 players.- Separate or shared armies in multi-player.- Hardcore career mode.- Lots of MOD's available and being developed by the PA community.- Continued and ongoing development, bug fixes, and new features being added. (Think Minecraft).- Lots of videos by the PA community.- AI can be tweaked to match your ability in single and multi-player.- Land, Air, Naval, Orbital units.- Simultaneous Interplanetary combat.- Picture in picture (PIP) for viewing and commanding 2 different locations at the same time.CONS:- Lack of a proper Tutorial.  (Don't let that stop you, it should be added in the future.)- You will get Crushed by the AI at full strength until you learn.- Naval game not fully realized but not a deal breaker.TL;DR8.5 out of 10Play this game without any pretenses and you will love it."
,Not Recommended,233250,13678807,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Jabberwocky14,"Wow, this is a load of bull****. Bought the game and just want to play some single player and it doesn't even work.Map loads but breaks as soon as my commender hits the ground. Thought that it was too much lag so I put it on the lowest settings and it still didn't work. This game isn't even worth it at 80% off.EDIT:Since I wrote this review I have mysteriously lost the ability to login to the game, with the game saying that there is a problem with steam. Well played Uber."
76561198048287855,Not Recommended,233250,12032533,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,avNue,"Broken! Servers crash when you have to many units, playing with friends is a ♥♥♥♥ing mission and servers are so bad that we lag so hard the game is unplayable when you finally manage to get into a game with friends."
76561198055842518,Recommended,233250,12712875,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Dankest,A solid RTS on a ridicoulus scale.
,Not Recommended,233250,7778199,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Steven,"Wait and see I cant say i recommenced the game right now I cant say its horriable but it is a chore to play it may get better or right now it could get worse, somethings been improved somethings have gotten worse. ( I think its wait and see I cant recommend the game but I can say maybe keep an eye on it ) ?It is right now just a beta game but its pretty decent shows alot of good stuff comming out Instead of listing all good things I will just list few things that are kinda annoying so that people know what they may not like.right now be honest when i play the game it just makes me want to play supreme commander...1.  Number of engineers in the game - so far there just keep adding more and more of these thingsLand factory level 1 - one engineer & one combat engineerLand factory level 2 - one engineer & one combat engineerAir Factory level 1 - one engineerAir Factory level 2 - one engineerNaval Factory level 1 - one engineer & one combat engineerNaval Factory level 2 - one engineer & one combat engineerorbital Factory - one engineerthat's 11 different types of engineerand half of these units only build 1 or 2 things at most other half of level 2 engineers extra 4 or 5 things at most.orbital launcher makes sats that launch into space, well not anymore now it builds three units a oribtal fighter - oribtal engineer - and a radar satand the oribital engineer now builds 4 sats that use to be build by the launcher.but anyways the number of engineer types are starting to get bit out of control every 3 montsh it seems they add anthere engineer that only builds maybe 1 or two things.2. Commander becomes useless for building things becuase it seems he can not upgrade to be able to build advance stuff and worth less in fighting becuase he has no upgrades for that ether (he becomes a ( handi cap really fast). - the best tatic  is to put him in water hid him and then put him on a shuttle and keep him in space as much as possiable flying from plant to plant that way he can never get killed. - I ahve acctully won three games from people who should have won but they quit becuase they could not get my commander becuase pretty much he was always flying around in space.  - Customizable commanders in that could be upgraded to do diffrent roles would be awesome.3. unit managenet - it has come along way there are now formations in the game but it still needs alot of work - some reason computer will always put your AA and arty int he front of your formations and put your tanks and battle troops in the back.4. transports - well they just added a transport but it requires alot of micro management - they need to add option to have it pick up guys at point A automaticly and then drop them off at point B automatictly for you instead of baby sitting it all for each unit.6. ability for factorys to repeat build orders. - still not in the game7. me and my freinds have XFI sound cards and sound was none supportive in game they told us that xfi was worth less and that they where not going to support it - now it seems the after last patch all sound issues went away and they fixed the XFI sound problems, this is on my hit list becuase it shows lack of compasion towards there consumer market, with way they handled me and my freinds.that aside I think that game is great game, or could turn into something really awesome in time, I just think it needs alot of love from the devlopers and needs better managment for the players."
,Not Recommended,233250,13908804,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Prunus ♛,"First of all.when the game was in ALPHA they were charging £50 for it and now its on sale for £4.59???what kind of bs is that.The idea of the game was awesome but poorly executed by the devs, the game is not well optimised, ai buggy as hell, not many unit varieties available (you can only change their colours)Nothing much on the single player, its just pretty much a skirmish over and over again and in galactic war the loading times are so long!here is another example why Early Access sucks, stay away from these devs.I feel sorry for the people who paid £50 for this horse poodle."
76561197995139401,Not Recommended,233250,15236636,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,2x4,"Important to say I was very uninformed and rash at the time of the purchase, looking to play what seemed to me to be a new type of  a strategy game that I generally favour over all other genres.What put me off instantly is that hateful Lego graphic style, which is also IMO very ugly and cartooney, followed by huge lag in gameplay.Certainly my own fault for not doing at least minimal research on this title. Can not even bother to play any further."
76561198020739947,Recommended,233250,12006895,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,BTU_Ebduncan,"I am a long time player of RTS games. I started my roots in a game called Total Annihilation. Needless to say I went on to play this game for years apon years. I purchased the next literation of TA, called Supreme Commander. Fast Forward to today. I purchased Planetary Annihilation thinking it would fill that niche that was long been missed since the days of Supreme Commander 2. Well it did. Planetary Annihilation has more in common with Total Annihilation than it does any of the Supreme Commander series games. The graphics are interesting and more cartoonish than realistic sort of like Star Craft 2. Your not playing on a flat 2d map, in fact your playing on a planet or moon that is spherical completely 3d. There are 4 layers to the game. Under water, Land/Surface water, Air, and Orbital. To give the game a grander scale you can smash planets into other planets, and create a death star to blow up a planet completely gives you way to end the enemy in a very satisfactory way. Game is truely a blast to play.  If you liked Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander odds are you will like this game as well."
,Not Recommended,233250,12486516,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Murderpface,"Good job on totally annihilating this game.  What a waste of time and money.  It is a total regression of the rts genre.  Any of the enjoyable elements from the games that the devs have previously been a part of are non existent.*AI is simple and only focuses on nuke spamming.  Magically knows exactly where to place the nukes just outside of anti-nuke radius.  Sorian AI in SupCom wasn't any good and now PA has the same programmer.*Galactic War mode is the dumbest♥♥♥♥♥♥ever and is the laziest iteration of a single player campain I have ever seen.*Bad servers.  Before offline mode the game was unplayable due to lag spikes.*No unit variety at all.  1 close range, 1 long range, and 1 anti air for each factory.  The unit models themselves are recicled from TA and SupCom."
,Not Recommended,233250,8293234,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Trashpanda,Bought it because it has an awesome concept and the price has come down to an acceptable level since it first launched. Snazzy looking menu but won't launch a match. Tried 15 times today and each time it throws an error and shuts down. Don't buy the game.Disappointing.(will reassess every so often to see if it starts to work.)
,Not Recommended,233250,10211755,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Stein,"Walked in expecting SC-FA with planets. Got delieved a unit spam fest. Absoultely no tactics other than mindless unit spamming required. Very mindless, very disappointing."
76561198011024264,Not Recommended,233250,12040567,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,GrimReaper0004,"So I put about 5 hours into a single player ""Galactic Conquest"" game type. Things were going great. I had gotten almost all of the advanced techs and everything. I was in a little battle with an enemy commander and I was definitely going to win this one, but all of the sudden PA decides its going to go into a new orange screen mode where the entire screen is solid orange and you can't see anything. But don't worry! the game is still going on! I was in the middle of using one of the Halley engines to slam a moon into my enemies base, but now I can't see anything! I randomly click the screen to select a target, but it misses (from what I can hear) and then the enemy begins attacking my commander and I can't stop him!!!!! Well there goes a loss. And not just one loss. That is the end of the game and I have to start over from scratch...all 5 hours of time wasted. I tried everything to make the orange screen go away, but to no avail. Next time you're going to charge people $90 and take your time releasing the game, get it f**king right when you finally do. Honestly, I was having a good time playing, but now I'm too angry to want to play anymore. AVOID THIS GAME IF YOU EXPECT FINISHED GAMES TO BE POLISHED AND PLAYABLE!!!!"
,Not Recommended,233250,13190090,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Inka,"Lets just say I sold an unusual hat to but this hypebeast for $90. I had no regrets about this and defended the game during its development as I looked forward to the final product.Needless to say when I logged on to steam onday and saw the game had been ""Released"" I was very angry.0.1/10 for a good idea. Devs are money grubbing jews and even had the ♥♥♥♥ing nerve to post the kickstarter for their next ""Project"" on the news feed of this half developed filth.Strongly do not reccomend stay away at all costs."
,Recommended,233250,11953417,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,jacecar,"Planetary Annihilationhas gobbled up more of my time this summer than anything else, and every time I play another round I learn something new... and the AI still can still kick my butt if I am not both efficient and aggressive in my play style.  And that's on theNORMALsetting.  Go beyond that, and I really have to work to win a game.  I'll bet you will too, unless you are some kind of RTS guru.  Even then, you will probably find a challenge here.I don't call myself a guru, but I have been into RTS games since the original Empire/War was made available in 1980 DECUS release on VAX/VMS.  Back then, AI's were nonexistent, so we had to play other people.  Through the years, AI's were introduced in various games, and they have steadily gotten better, but they were always weak, IMO, especially once you learned their build patterns, their defense and attack strategies, etc.  Once you figured them out, you knew what to do to counter them... and then whatever game it was wasn't fun anymore.  Playing other people was always the real challenge, as you never knew what to expect from the other guy.  But unless it was Starcraft or something popular, you had to work to find worthy opponents.This game finally changed my mind about AI's being weak.On the Normal setting, you can learn to predict what the AI is going to do, but it might still beat you anyway.Go beyond that, and you lose the ability to predict -- unless your prediction is that it is going to destroy you, and then you're probably right.Oh, and you can play other people in Planetary Annihilation, but you don't have to in order to find competition.  In fact, learning to play efficiently is the first challenge you will encounter.  If you can't balance your iron and energy with the demands of your construction or unit production, you will beat yourself.  You can easily find yourself at 15% efficiency, unable to build units fast enough to defend against a minor attack -- all because you built too aggressively or your enemy decided to go after your resource production to force you into an inefficient state.  In this game, you not only have to guard your base, but several other things, as well.  And if youturtle, you'll get nuked... in one of several ways.Play a round ofGalactic War(the game's version of a campaign) and you start out with a small subset of technologies, and you have to explore uncolonized systems to find new tech -- or play against the AI to have a chance to do the same.  Win, and you can explore that system as well.  Lose, and... well, you lost the campaign, no matter how many battles you've won to that point.  Don't lose.  There isn't areload from last save.  You win or you die.  That alone puts this game well ahead of its peers, which let you fail and restart as often as you want, but you never lose your place.  Galactic War is like real war.  You die and its over.  That hardcore challenge might scare away a few people, but for the rest of us, it makes us sit up and pay attention, treating everything we do with respect, becauselosing is not an option.The other challenge with Galactic War is having to fight and win battles without the ability to build all the buildings or units you want, while the AI has everything, and it won't go easy on you just because you're at a disadvantage.  Poor baby.  Learn to win anyway.I don't know what else to say about Planetary Annihilation.  Through the summer (before the official release), I did encounter several bugs and game crashes, but they never stopped me from wanting to play another round.  There was, and is, plenty to draw me back in.  I suppose that means I'm seriously addicted to it.  ;)"
,Not Recommended,233250,10227112,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,PHELKO,"UPDATE: Paid expansion instead of finishing the game we kickstarted.Sure it's free to kickstarters, but what about people who paid for alpha + beta access after kickstarter? They paid $90 and don't even get this damn ""expansion"".This game has gotten a lot better. It still the highest I have ever spent on a single title and I am still regretting it to this day. This game was not worth the $90 I spent on it. I wish I could have given that money to a developer that deserves it. Any way Its actually pretty fun smashing planets into eachother but after you do it once...you dont really want to do it again so I will wait for the game to get even better because right now its still not worth my time."
76561198008536188,Not Recommended,233250,13461871,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,dustin-hodgson,"I was pretty excited to first learn of this game. Bought it without a second thought. Tried it. Yea not at all impressed. Have tried it here an there some and still not impressed. I loved Total Annihilation. I played it till my cd's got destroyed. Then I found out I can just buy TA again ongog.com. A few mods later and TA is once again the best stratagy game I have ever played. Havn't fired this up since. Go get Total Annihilation, find a few good mods and see how much it still dominates the genre 17 years later. Let that put todays 'games' into perspective for you.Anyway in summery, if your looking for an awesome stratagy game, try the original total annihilation, its very cheap ongog.com. Look around at a few mods. Play that. This game just doesn't deliver the way total annihilation does."
,Not Recommended,233250,12461847,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,WEAV3RSON,"Im a single player guy, so when the galactic war mode was added I bought the game, its a good concept of taking on other AI clans for control of planets, but the executuin fails miserably, the AI have access to the full tech tree, so they can travel between planets easily and launch nukes at you constantly. Meanwhile, you have a limited tech tree making planetary travel near impossible, and giving you no hope of defence against said missles. This is a terrible failing in my eyes and makes me regret buying this excuse of a game"
76561198049140170,Not Recommended,233250,13533321,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Drug Dumpster,"This game is NOT finished.  If it were still in early access I would understand.  There is no in-game tutorial!!!  How do you expect people to play your game and have fun if unit functions and abilities are a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥puzzle???This game sounded promising, ♥♥♥♥ing lies."
76561198007257521,Not Recommended,233250,12395916,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,ecab,I fully recommend buying this game... on sale... but I don't think I'd pay full price for it and I'm sort of wishing I'd waited another ten years for it to hit the $5 range...Pros: The colors are really nice and make me feel happy and safe. There is absolutely no story or lore present you can pop directly in and stare at a meaningless map. Plus with absolutely no difference between factions there's no need at all to replay the game... at all... ever... The planets remind me of Black and White which brings back fond memories of my benevolent bovine avatar... and sacrificing thousands to burn my rival's people after it was kidnapped...Cons: All factions have the exact same units which are limited by cards (you can have three total) which denies you the full tech tree as seen in previous games. This is mitigated by the lack of necessity for advanced units or much concern to compisition since everyone has the same toys anyway.Conclusion: As a fanboy of the old series I resisted the urge to be involved with PA knowing it would fail to live up to my memories of the TA games. I saw it on sale and bought it on impulse. If TA were chips and salsa PA is cardboard with wall paper paste.  Someone totally unfamiliar with the series may find this to be a fun Indy game and it does indeed have some interesting concepts. But it just feels like they totally abandoned what made TA awesome and threw in a few gimicks to sucker people out of their money.
76561197997476725,Not Recommended,233250,12384006,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,ncostes,"I followed this game's development with great hope, being a fan of TA/CC/BT, SupCom, FA, and even in the end after the DLC and the fix to the economy so you could build on credit, SupCom2.There was a lot of potential, but in the end the game is simply not finished.No tutorial, no single-player gameplay (galactic war is a set of random skirmishes where you are given random tech - for example you may play several games and never have access to an air factory or a bot factory, etc.)It has permadeath, so if you lose one game you must start the whole thing over - when that happened, that was enough for me. There is no story of campaign.The game was supposed to have local server, DRM-free, and save game capability. Those were confirmed features. The game was finally released, version 1.0, and none of those features are present.The fact that you fight on tiny little balls they call planets is silly, even the largest planet you can make is still smaller than the large maps in the previous games, and you can only ever see part of it, unlike in the previous games. Once you get used to strategic zoom in SupCom etc. it ruins every other RTS for you and sadly this game has a very limited version of that.The graphics are very poor, the terrain is randomly generated - this is important, in the previous games the maps were designed to provide varying gameplay and opportunities for various strategies (artillery, navy, air, etc.)The games that allowed user-generated maps provided tons of new content for users that way. Not here. Remember in TA, Gods of War? Nothing like that here. Metal isles? I guess a metal planet  - not the same.The game is just not finished and it really seems like it never will be. It's really amateur night, and UBER is explaing to us that ""this is how games are done now, they don't get finished"". Well, no, the do get finished, released, then patched, and then DLC may be sold, but if the original game is never finished, no one will buy the DLC."
76561198009131016,Not Recommended,233250,12406745,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,painthey,"It's kickstarter funded game with net gaming in mind. Don't buy it for the galaxy war.It's not a newer total annihilation. The AI for the galaxy is war little over the top. There's no progression  in technology, its all random as you take over systems. Get lucky and it's easier. Not so lucky it's time to start over. Some times a lot."
76561198079398795,Recommended,233250,10679598,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Hillier,yes
76561198034111952,Recommended,233250,10578966,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Chewbacca,Got a moon thrown right at me and exploded 11/10 will explode again
76561198085306718,Recommended,233250,10618961,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,BritishDeLaBaron,dank as
76561198069681981,Recommended,233250,12019733,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,visionfire1,go away
,Not Recommended,233250,12047470,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Herkus Monte,"9-10-14 It says official, but this game is far from being done with everything they promised to do. I request the you do not buy this game until it is finished in  all regards.-UI is laggy(gameplay runs better than the menu)"
76561198006650824,Not Recommended,233250,10677861,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Nerfblizz,"Just dowloaded it, running win 7 avast, with no problems with other games. game freezes after first trying to the new solo campaign, after a few mins. rebooted it, tried multiplayer, get stuck at loading screen ingame. seems the game eats all available resources from the computer. Couldnt even ctrl+alt+del or use win button to get back to try and shut the game off, had to reboot my pc completly. And the game seems to load in polish/russian/or some other slavic language? Cant seem to change it in settings aswell? Buggy as hell is my impression, fix it asap plz devs! Until they do, I cannot recommend this whatsoever."
,Not Recommended,233250,12396039,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Smitevil,Don't play if you don't like Zerging. You get attacked 1 min into the game more than likely.
,Not Recommended,233250,12420661,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Wonder Trilogy,Can we sue them?I backed months and months ago and this is still nowhere near finished. they lied on their kickstarter.this game is big crap.
76561198073224013,Not Recommended,233250,12395465,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,bill.mulkins,Cannot get the game to run correctly. The pa.exe keeps crashing.
,Not Recommended,233250,12337375,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Xeos Celeres,"Stay far away. An unfinished game, claimed as finished."
,Not Recommended,233250,12338172,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Spookyegg,Constant crashes
76561198036283702,Recommended,233250,11927182,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Lil Professor,Good but hard to play on tv
,Recommended,233250,13098005,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Dark Renegade,"It's a little hard to manage everything on all the planets at one time, but other than that this is an abosutely fantastic game!"
,Recommended,233250,12041758,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,alex jones,"So much nostalgia,Only thing i want is a campaign :3"
76561197970532679,Not Recommended,233250,12331396,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Thurisaz,Unfinished. Should not have been marked as out of Early Access. Tutorial button doesn't actually work so had to guess how to play. No in game saving. No offline mode. Crashed in the very first game I was in after an hour.
,Not Recommended,233250,12339629,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,ATom,"Interesting game. Interesting game features.A little bit minus research, it is not possible to do it in game.But absence of game save totally degrade this game.I played 1,5 hours and when I almost won, it wrote me ""Connection with server was lost"" and game over, everythink lost.Why it must be only during single player game?But if it is online, Age of Empire many yers agou was able to recovery if one player lost connection :-("
,Not Recommended,233250,12358923,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,bukhrin,Connection to server lost. Really ? Better wait for  whenever they release an offline single player mode.
76561198020933054,Not Recommended,233250,12358997,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,B1GB0YJ0E,"This is not a full, completed game even though the devs might want us to think so. This was released way too early and still has MANY gamebreaking bugs. There is barely a tutorial, the UI is a bit confusing at times, there's lots of graphical issues, it is poorly optimized, and sometimes corrupts your current game in progress rendering it unplayable.This one needs a bit of work, and quite a bit less greed from the company. So as of the date that I write this, I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME."
76561198008082396,Not Recommended,233250,17810119,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Nostrellor/Solafar,"I cant believe i spent 80 Bucks for that game and now they want to press 30 Bucks for Dlc and an other 20 Bucks for Pa Titans.If Any of the Developpers read this, guys like you are the reason less and less people believe in Early Access games, it was such a promissing project but you mauled a cannonball of greed through it, seriously I am sick of devs like you!For all who want to learn somethign about the game: don't ♥♥♥♥ing buy it until the devs get theyr ♥♥♥♥ing thing straight!"
,Not Recommended,233250,17701159,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Pathogenix,I would like a refund on this game please. You have cheated me out of my money and if this is not corrected in 2 months I am going to start a slander campaign against your company and this game.You dare to re-release this game under another name with all the bug fixes. If this isnt sorted out soon i will speak to my legal team about repercutions.Sincerly a lost customer and supporter.Nobody buy this game in my honest oppinion this company lies and cheats to steal money from hard working people. BOYCOT THEM AT ALL COSTS AND BELIEVE NOTHING THEY SAY.
76561198048696400,Not Recommended,233250,13509193,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,theZou,Theres a reason it has a 62/100 on meta critic. Bland repetative gameplay is one of them.
,Recommended,233250,12390093,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,D0peX,"Cool game! Bit overwhelming with alot of units, but so cool!"
76561198052379215,Not Recommended,233250,13418973,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,ryschmidt75,"This game would have been cool except it does not run properly and I am unable to play anything besides a regular match against AI, it really was a waste of my money."
76561198048885797,Recommended,233250,13446022,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,(SC2) The Dark Shadow,It's amazing. It does everything the Video does! I like this new update! The Unit Launcher! Holy Crap! They better Keep it! :D GET IT NAOW :D Crash the Moon into the Planet and Destroy it with a GIANT LAZOR!!!
76561198127163485,Recommended,233250,16499435,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,【ｃａｋｅ】,"DAMN RIGHT I RECCOMEND THIS GAME. I have absoulutely no idea why the game's feedback is mixed, it does have issues, you can check the other reviews for that, but for the most part it does everything spot-on."
76561197992668925,Not Recommended,233250,17677245,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,DOOD,"This is a negative review in light of the devs releasing an ""expansion"" which is nothing more than a small content and a ballance update that added all the thing the main game should have had in the first place. It's not the consumer's fault they ran out of money on kickstarter and had to release an incomplete game, and we should not be forced to pay for what is essentialy content missing fom the original game. You could argue that it's still an expansion and they put work into it but let's be honest: the base game was already barebones, new units are very few and don't add a lot to the game, and the ""titans"" should've been in the original game, since it was advertised as a spiritual successor to Total Annihilation, and we all know that those big experimental units are pretty much a flaghsip of the title."
,Recommended,233250,17651613,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Monsieur_Dj_Stalin,"Lovley game, and great mechanics. I think its great that its like supreme commander, I just wish it could run better on my computer like the supreme commander games. Its still a very fun game and I HIGHLY recommend it to people who like RTS game like supremecommander."
76561198133670142,Recommended,233250,17632252,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Timbucktay,Dont listen to those negative reviews PA is ABSOLUTLY amazing with its smashing planets and HUGE amies and armadas And dont forget The The gameplay where you fight Across multiple PLANETS!!!!!!!!! That concludes this review
,Not Recommended,233250,12116435,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Fresh Prince,Pretty♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,233250,11995688,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,homeworkholic,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL IT HAS A BASIC OFFLINE MODE!
,Recommended,233250,11994241,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,TsT,Nice graphics and lots of gamemodes.
,Recommended,233250,8830659,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Snickaz90,"This game is worth every dime, when you buy the game you already begin to think: ""why is this still in beta?,""with so much to offer, and continous updates your gaming experience will be taken to a hole new level.Planetary Annihilation is a strategy game that should not be over looked especially for those war monger strategy game enthusiasts!"
,Recommended,233250,8815795,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,El Robo Bandit,You can attach massive rocket boosters to a moon and crash it into a planet. Need I say more?
76561198094602214,Recommended,233250,8809669,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,the_aNIALL8or,"Even for the price of 60$ this game is worth it. I haven't played any other real-time strategy games, but this is completely enjoyable. Smash nations, destroy legions upon legions of enemy bots, and most of all, annihilate."
,Recommended,233250,11793973,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Madwolffy,buy this gameyou shoot planets with big ♥♥♥♥ing space cannons
76561198108216083,Recommended,233250,11893529,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,barbra the babe,planetary annihilation is a all round great RTS although they need to add a few tweaks but this is still an excellent game.7/10
76561197970266666,Recommended,233250,11977566,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Agent654,"Would definitely recommend this to any RTS fan - games can last 30 minutes and still feel insanely epic without the hum-drum of grinding out resources. Team play multiplayer with army sharing is an awesome feature. The devs did right by RTS fans by offering a robust matchmaking system that remembers and allows for drop-in under disconnects, etc.Not to mention, moons as weapons. Not dumb."
,Recommended,233250,12009624,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Chosin137,Deathstar Superlaser. GAME SELLS ITSELF.
76561198007602272,Recommended,233250,12037618,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Soulrabite,"much fun, many boom, very destruction"
76561198019014139,Recommended,233250,12394685,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Reddric Vulpes,10/10 would laser again
,Recommended,233250,12422363,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Ihminen,"Its great, but hard for new players.Also needs patches to fix some crashes and bugs."
,Recommended,233250,11535826,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,[S]parco6<Cz>,"Realy Good game, i like Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander, and this is what i need. This Game have everithing what i need just need more units like experimental units. :)"
76561198057924928,Recommended,233250,13208169,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,DatWalrus,"Fantastic game and a breath of fresh air in the RTS genre. Action packed, interesting and designed with dependable controls, I absolutely love this game. Not for the feint of heart and it does require some investment before you really learn all the mechanics. Mostly lag free and it runs very well on my low spec laptop. Cannot recommend it enough!"
,Recommended,233250,11850203,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,gekido,The most epic game ever.  So hooked it's ridiculous.  Starcraft meets Homeworld meets...something else equally epic.What other game can you attach rockets to a moon and launch it at your enemies?  Ridiculously awesome.
,Recommended,233250,12109240,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,VectorScope,"For this price, buy this game. Now. Don't even have second thoughts. It is worth it.Firstly, let me say that I've been a follower of this game since its early Kickstarter days. And without a doubt, this game offered one of the best RTS experiences of my life. The visual identity and style of the game is also amazing, everything is working well together in a harmony.  Online gameplay is really competitive and challenging, and in the end, even being completely destroyed is fun! Now, the details:Before everything else, instead of plain maps, you have different solar systems in a match. Yes, you actually have a 3D dynamic map, with planets and moons that you can land on! You can advance your army to these planets and since there's no unit limit that holds you back, you can literally build galactic armies to annihilate other players. You can even see other people's units when their planet passes by!!! And in the end, nothing is more satisfying than completely annihilating an enemy players planet by using the Death Laser, or CRASHING A FREAKIN' MOON ONTO ANOTHER PLANET. Yes, it is as awesome as it sounds.As far as I know, the game is still under development (even though the game is released officially) but for this price, anyone who's remotely interested in RTS games should get this game. NOW."
,Recommended,233250,13276418,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Mark,"I look at all the most useful reviews and I see that many of them were made a long time ago, when the game was first released. I really like this game. Yes, the learning curve for it is steep but the community is very good at the game and it is a game where you can waste several hours and not even thinl about it. It is very intense and I always say that it is a game to get. A good thing to do is find some friends that like to play it and work together. That makes the game 10x more enjoyable."
,Recommended,233250,13278159,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Alexantor97,This is a brilliant strategy game and would highly recommend to everybody
,Recommended,233250,13348943,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,necromanrius,"Bought this game since a sales on Beta, and so far, I've been pretty happy with it. Many people will disagree and for most, their reasons are quite valid, or were for some of them.For those parts, what I definitely agree with is that this game is a power hog, which does need a very powerful machine to play.The graphics or planet design is somewhat lacking.The single player campaign is just like a single player fight, only more tedious.And the units just aren't balanced.This game seems to rely more on unit spamming than true tactics and manouveurs...That said, I've found it very fun. My personnal pet peeve was the lack of offline game and LAN multiplayer, well, that's been fixed, and this game can be player solo or with a friend in a LAN network. This gets big points from me, as many games nowadays seem to 'forget' this feature. The only issue is that unless your computer is high end, you probably won't be able to generate large maps with multiple planets ( I can only make maps of up to 3 planets, otherwise game will crash)The unit spamming, well, that's true, but that's one of the main point. The economy is designed to allow to easily field large armies and constantly produce more and more to send at the enemy, that's just part of its charm. The interface has seen some major updates I really liked, as it simplifies a lot of the building and unit management. Now with just a click+drag you can do what would have taken up a minute before.And the scale of the conflict and destruction is pretty amazing. Used to be the greatest when you'd see the moon you sent crash into the enemy's planet and destroy everything.. now you can rain nukes or just go deathstar on them! Strategies are limited within one planet, but have a bigger solar system and tactics are aplenty!In conclusion, this game does feel like there's still stuff missing, but overall, it does make for a hell of a fun game, and, in my opinion, a true successor to Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander.If you still got doubts, well, just get it on a steam sale"
,Recommended,233250,13438870,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Obergruppenführer,♥♥♥♥ this game is hard. It's a pretty good game but this game will NOT be nice to you if you aren't an MLG top RTS player in the world. ♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,233250,13507878,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Dana Zane,planetary anihalation is a game that is largely based off supreme commander and total anihalation and its plays like them its a great rts that i see as a one of the best in recent years ive bought it and its fun with friends so i recommend getting it but it is OVER 9000 TIMES BETTER with friends
76561198082861016,Recommended,233250,13527705,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,HK Mark 47,"There are not many better thrills, then smashing a moon into a planet. Even less to fire a deathstar-esque laser to obliterate (sorry, annihlate) a planet along with anybody who is on it. Even more fun with a friend. Got quite a laugh when the difficulty settings for AI are normal, hard, insane and relentless. I think you can even have 8 planet systems with 8 teams and 24 players per game. Yeah, it can get crazy.Overall, love the game, which has more stuff on the way.Just have to say three words. Get. This. Game."
76561198030969444,Recommended,233250,13425278,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Definitely Not Karl Marx,"It should still be in beta but it's a good game and they are still updating it. Also they added unit cannons so you can get on other planets more easily now.(P.S Some people complain about the textures and the lack of flora, well what I have say is...I JUST CRASHED A MOON INTO A DEATH STAR THAT BLEW UP TWO OF MY PLANETS!It looked good to me,  you would need a several thousand dollar gaming budget to keep up with the game.)(P.P.S. I have closer to 30 hours I just played it on the Uber launcher for awhile.)"
76561198088683294,Recommended,233250,13463240,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,charlieco,good strategy game only downside is no hiding in corners because there are none
,Recommended,233250,13195007,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,tnRaro,Works well on linux.but.. I don't like UI. It requiring higher than ingame.
,Not Recommended,233250,16942913,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,★☆Star☆★,"No real point of buying this game since they added an expansion for the same price, also why hasn't this been taken down from steam."
76561198076810058,Not Recommended,233250,17603677,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,2nd Amendment,Dont get it
,Recommended,233250,6017705,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,The Baumann,"This game has a lot of promise. If you want to support the future of game development, this is it. Its fun, and it's still in early Alpha."
,Recommended,233250,8834823,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,deadindeeD,Best Strategy since C&C
76561198032947689,Recommended,233250,13939886,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,OcN.Helbrecht,"Definitely not a finished game but great fun nonetheless, I would recommend playing with friends instead of against AI as the AI will jsut spam nukes if you go off world, they never try to land mass armies or any form of planetary invasion, once in a while they will launch a moon at you but not very often, I love this game very much so, I do wish it didn't get stale after a while, which is why I recommend playing for a while then taking a break to keep things fresher, PvP is tough but fair once you realize how people tend to play, most people I have played against have base rushed to end game fast, this method of playing isn't very fun for me but neither is grinding to a stalemate in a planet vs planet fight, I would recommend this game to my friends who are interested in RTS as it is a very good rts, it's not the best but certainly not even close to the worst, units could use some work, adding different factions would balance things out rather well, as right now all players have all the same units, I give this game a 8/10 I give it such a high rating due to the ambition of the game, no other rts has ever tried a game world of this scope."
,Recommended,233250,13932580,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,pussyslayer69,this is a rip off of supreme commander but anyways its more modern
,Not Recommended,233250,12090417,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,ObeseCatLord,"It is a playable game, but in its current state painfully mediocre. There is little variation between battles and the landscapes are plain and uninteresting. The game on a technical aspect is poorly optimized. I can max out Crysis but I still get jitters with the game's simple graphics. Also they lied about the game being able to be played offline, you would think that they would be smart enough not to do that after Diablo 3 and Simcity. It has some redeeming features and is a neat game to blow time with, but really not the best RTS you can find."
,Recommended,233250,12267796,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,ChubbyChase,This is one of my favorite steam games but there are some mojar things that i hope the devs will add:-Saving games when I play this game usually either me or my friend has to go so the game we played was a waste of time.-Troop launchers like they show in one of the trailers!!!-They need to fix the lag because this isn't a very high end game it shouldn't be laggy at all on my gaming computer.I hope these get added as they would make this my favorite game on computer.
,Recommended,233250,12086345,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,life_is_fuckin'_me,absolutely nice game. reminds you on total annihilation while playing.same principle but you're fighting on small round planets which needs a way of getting used to.all in all nice realization. :)
76561198116481777,Recommended,233250,12028112,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,PaulBluntMallCunt,"This is a great game and I would recommend this to everyone. Since the realease around a week ago the ironed out most of the performance issues and it is much smoother now. Th graphics are stunning. The only problem with the game is the annihilaser, they really need to put some cool down time on that thing. 4.9/5"
,Recommended,233250,12033508,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Timmy Thicc,its ok but theres still a lot of bugs
76561198119499084,Recommended,233250,12081255,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,thepeskyfly,only just started but am so involved i would definetlyrecommened to all those strategists moving from planet to planet with armys of tanks at your finger tips amazing game!!!!
,Not Recommended,233250,12018186,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Xeros,"Out of early access... hells yeah, time to fire it up and check it out!  And it crashes.... That's okay, it was a fluke right? Nope. Not a fluke... well darn it.   Can't say it was worth the hype at this point, because sadly, it won't even start anymore. <cry>"
76561198102380035,Not Recommended,233250,12012116,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Debubba,"Sadly, this is another example of a successful early release leading to a buggy final product with an unfinished feel."
76561198045806741,Recommended,233250,13196601,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,SeaCay,"Me and friend ganged up on normal bot, handed our asses with army that covers entire planet.10/10 would get rekt again"
,Recommended,233250,11715161,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,didlix,Great RTS fun for those who remember TA.
76561197983488918,Not Recommended,233250,12030457,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,angelcage82,"Planetary Annihilation and Planetary Annihilation OFFICIAL LAUNCH,why !!!!"
76561198092843467,Recommended,233250,12093024,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Lucas Lobos,THIS IS THE GAME OF THE YEAR BUY
76561197983699067,Recommended,233250,12003209,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,etherseraph,"Seriously? SERIOUSLY!! I paid 60 bucks for this in its stupid damn alpha. Now that its complete, its 30.Thanks.That aside.. Game play wise? Meh. Its alright, some cool stuff, but last time i played bots zerg rushed faster then.. well, the zerg. Its alright. I suppose the 30 price tag is ok for it. 60 dollars sure as tripe wasnt."
,Not Recommended,233250,12047251,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Legion Lex,Disgusting implementation of multiplayer. My Internet is not fast (2Mbit/s) but that this speed is not enough just to see the game in the lobby - this nonsense!
76561198039405406,Not Recommended,233250,12014123,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,xingwang_355,i played this game since from early access.. i can say is that the oldest version they do have submarine and plenty of future planning like launching bot back  into earth sky from moon..and plenty more cool stuff.. yet this is a disppointment game.. u can feel its a fun game at first.. at the later part you will be bored
76561198064482789,Recommended,233250,12167035,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,MacheteMonkey,"I enjoyed this game thoroughly. I reccommend it but i agree, it isn't finished yet and shouldn't be out of early access yet. I reccommend it as a fun game to play but maybe not yet as a serious full fledged strategy that one would have competitions with since there is still quite some balancing and debugging left to do. Its more of a fun game to pass some time with right now. Again, i reccomend it but if they stop updating then no, i don't reccomend it. For now though, they seem to still be updating at a moderate rate.I reviewed this with the current build of 72332What I didn't/don't enjoy==================-There are still some nasty bugs that pop up every once in a while. for example:*Sometimes the planet's textures disappear or don't render properly. Although i haven't run into that since the last update so it     may have been fixed.*I clicked on a ""Enemy Commander Located"" notification and i suddenly couldn't see anything on my screen so i had to quit.(happened three times)-Certain problems i had with the ai*If I send units to a specific spot and something big is in their way then they won't go around it. So the ai pathing isn't fully there yet.*occationally in Galactic war(the single player mode) sub commanders won't do anything the entire match or start building and performing other actions really late into the match.*The difficulties seem to be unstable. Like sometimes they really aren't on hard if i put them on hard. For example: Two ai's were on a planet alone, one was on relentless and the other on normal and the relentless one spawned on an area where he had significantly more resources. Yet the commander on normal difficulty somehow managed to kill the commander on relentless. (this has happened multiple times)-Missing features that were said to be implemented several months ago*Offline mode that was promised but dissapeared from all forums and webpage.*Unit cannon-Unstabilities*UI seems to be a little unstable at times, sometimes the unit icons will flicker rapidly or desippear periodically at random moments.>The viewing range also sometimes flickers or dissapears entirely at random moments.>The multiplayer menus seem to be a bit buggy, response time when using the UI seems to be a bit off (unless that's just my rig not being able to render fast enough for some reason)What I enjoyed===========-No unit cap. The only cap is what your rig can handle without dropping a significant amount of frames.-Effort to improve the game with every update is evident:*Ai's have been improved significantly.*Balancing is also being worked on.-Personal strategy is definetly an element that changes depending on the enviroment and other player's strategy(obviously)-Massive weapons that look glorious when in use.-All the different units that can be used. Although I feel like there can be more orbital stuff but for now there's only about three and their advanced counterparts are just kind of improved a bit.-You can either stick to one type of unit or mix it up. Personally i like mixing it up, makes more un.-Teleporters. Its absolutely empowering to building up a massive army and then watch them pour through a teleporter to annihilate the enemy.-There's a way to stop anything. Like the moon/planet bombs, all you have to do is hit the halley with a nuke or blow it up before it hits its target and it'll stop even if its in motion already.-Deathstar planet cannon. Its ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.-Its fun to play with friends, either co-op or against. Its quite challenging to fight together against difficult ai's or other players.To end this review i'll tell you about how my last match ended. By the end of the match me and a friend took control of the laser cannon planet and i made a field of nuke launching stations. We got the cannon running and destroyed one of the planets we kept getting nuked from. Then there was only one ai left. Since victory was certain, we proceeded to launch all our nukes and we carpet bombed the♥♥♥♥♥♥out the planet with nukes and as the last bombs were falling down a top the enemy we fired the laser and destroyed the planet. It was overkill. But it was a glorious sight."
,Recommended,233250,11464275,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Generalfeldmarschall Botzie,"War, war only bring death and.. PLANETS SMAHING INTO EACHOTHER :D"
,Not Recommended,233250,12369502,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,coke,gay
76561198061394124,Not Recommended,233250,13561474,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,bmichalides25,"What a piece of crap! I neglected to read the reviews before buying and definitely paid for it. It seems like the series hit a high point with Supreme Commander, and has just been going downhill since then. There are plenty of reasons why on other reviews, so I won't bother going into detail."
76561198087671877,Recommended,233250,13950613,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,depthy,"Love this game! One of my favorites.It's very different than most RTS's you've played, but it's really fun once you get the hang of it.PA is all about MACRO. Massive battles with 100's to 1000's of units, no arbitrary unit caps.Plus, it has lots of fun, over-the-top features. Planet smashing, death stars, stargates, unit cannons, nukes, super-long-range cannons, it's got everything!10/10, get it if you like macro in RTS's"
,Recommended,233250,13455656,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Machivelli,Its unfinished. Plain and simple.Why the Recommendation then? Becuase its fun.It has some unique elements that would make this game amazing if they polished up a long list of things.So get it when its on sale.
,Recommended,233250,13479344,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Frederick Barbarossa,"This game was TWO HUNDRED DOLLARS when it first came onto Greenlight. That is a LOT of money for a simple game when it was first playable. I understand that it is if you're a hardcore supporter of the idea, but that's really expensive.Nevertheless, it's a pretty good game to play with others. There IS a singleplayer, but it's not that good. You're better off playing with people, even if they are way better at it than you are.The game has different types of units, flying, land, mechanical and sea, but they don't really have a huge difference between them aside from flying and ocean being able to traverse in different methods. Mechanical and land units are basically the same thing, but mechanical units are a bit slower depending on their size.Also, on certain maps, you can place thrusters onto planets themselves and launch them directly into other planets. YOU CAN USE MAPS AS WEAPONS THEMSELVES."
76561198039430882,Recommended,233250,13485748,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Polis,"Best strategy game if all time, it is pricelss when you have a giant mother♥♥♥♥ing lazer pointed at your friend and he is screaming at you to not fire it at him. You fired it anyways the lazer that is like a nother sun penatrating straight threw his planet and then annihilated him. 9/10 would betray friends with giant lazers again."
,Recommended,233250,13495457,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,lilstevie,"I've only clocked up 2.2 hours game play, but that 2.2 hours was from when I purchased the game until now. It is so captivating that I did not even realise that I had been playing for that long, great strategy game, really does the RTS genre proud."
,Recommended,233250,13520878,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Alton Vëonion,
,Recommended,233250,13942333,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Yari,"Very rarley does a game like this come along and truly captivate me and my group of friends. If your looking for an amazing multiplayer experience to play with friends, wether it by casual or competetive buy this game. you get to fly a mother♥♥♥♥ing planet into another planet, if that isnt epic enough for your obviously just micheal bay. if your willing to put up with its instabilities and take it as it is you will love this. The bad reviews left by others in no why describe this game.just buy it"
76561198031900284,Not Recommended,233250,13950728,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Sacca,JUST. DONT. BUY. IT. It lacks almost every aspect of proper rts game.
,Not Recommended,233250,13951643,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,PotatoadZ,"unfortunately i bought this game.this game is based off a mixture of total annihilation and supreme commander.i was all for it, thinking it was going to be the best RTS out there, but i was sadly ripped off due to the crashes and lag, the gameplay is sloppy and extremely glitchy, and the graphics are more cartoon like than any RTS iv ever seen. i see the consept but it wasnt there.IF this game was made JUST like total annihilation, i would be playing the **** out of it.also: i would like to point out that the intro of this game's dialog is just a tiny edit from total annihilation's intro.."
,Not Recommended,233250,13952555,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,SoVeryBored,"This game just isn't any fun to me.The spherical maps are disorienting, especially the way they spin reorient all over the place while you're trying to move your view around.  I'd kill for an option to flatten the map when you zoom in to a planet.The units themselves feel completely generic, and uninspired with no unique properties that make any of them special.  Battles feel like they come down to who copied and pasted the right amount of rock paper scissor units to win by unsatisfying attrition.The single player is an unforgiveable nightmare of sheer stupid design.  Locking you out of the tech tree, and forcing you to throw away things you want on pure RNG because something might come up that you don't have room to take without giving up something else vital, like your basic tech options.  I can't believe it ever made it through play testing and anyone found it entertaining.Having come from Supreme Commander there is absolutely no way you can call Planetary Annihilation a good game by comparison.  Even other games like Total Annihalation Kingdoms where balance was laughable there were at least still factions that each had memorable (if ungodly broken) units.I'm happy I didn't buy this at full price.  If refunds were an option on Steam, I'd have asked for a refund on this."
,Not Recommended,233250,13957314,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Eponymous,Do not buy this game. Uber does not deserve your money because they can not finish or even make a functional game. Planetary Annihilation is a broken disappointment. It seems cool until you get far enough a match and then the game engine starts to break down because of the number of units on the map and you have no choice but to quit the game.Don't waste your money. This game is essentially a scam.
76561197993950701,Recommended,233250,13969313,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Penultimo,Planetary Annihilation is a solid RTS that adds some new exciting features to the genre.
,Recommended,233250,13969768,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,lindon96,You can easily find your self playing a two hour game.
76561198064978630,Recommended,233250,13979250,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,hephaestus,"you may not get to do it often, but the feeling you get when you finally OBLITERATE a planet with the annihilaser just cant be beat100/10"
76561198008005797,Recommended,233250,13980311,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Asharru,"I can truly recommend this game, at first i didnt know if id like it but i ended up buying it on sale.first few rounds were though as i really didnt know what i was doing.but after grasping the essential im having alot of fun with the game, a few AI battles more and i feel ready for MP.only thing im not a big fan of is the lighting on my units when the sun shines directly down. gets abit blurry and hard to see, but it might just be my graphic that needs adjustments.10/10 from me."
,Recommended,233250,14099156,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Wavelength,BAMMM ! ENEMY COMMANDER ANNİHİLATED ! 11/10
76561198010079478,Recommended,233250,14104023,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Gamorine,This game has its bugs but over all it's a great game!
,Recommended,233250,14140693,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Zed Cola,"In space, no one can hear your cries of anger as an asteroid is rammed into your base, annihilating you from the face of the world.The 3D planet map is interesting and community mods bring this into it's full colours but this version is a moneygrab before they released 'TITANS' . Go buy that instead of this. They released it with a few new units, maps features and TITANS . Just like a paid mod or patch."
,Recommended,233250,14202649,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Seductive Lamia Noises,"For the love of god, build antinukes."
,Recommended,233250,13457631,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,If i lose i Abandon,Played my first game had 2 big bases on one planet with all the other AIhad one small base on a tiny planet on the outskirts of the system.One of the AI's rams a planet into the planet with everyone else on itEveryone dies except my tiny base on the other planet.10/10 best planet ramming system in N/A
76561198085585864,Recommended,233250,13524720,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Bobnight,Love it
,Not Recommended,233250,13950642,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,red,Still unplayable. Do not recommend buying even at the $5 price
76561198144428484,Recommended,233250,13960788,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,deaconxp,"The game has a few good merits, but its shortfalls seem so basic that they are all the more frustrating.  I find the concept very enjoyable.  It's an RTS expanded from a regional to systemic scale allowing you to expand not only beyond your base to dominate the entire planet/moon, but to colonize or conquer the all the bodies in the system.  The controls are simple and easy for new players to assimilate to.  This is appealing to users who may not be ""hardcore"" gamers or are new to the RTS genre.  The rendering and textures are indeed simple, but for the scale of the game it makes perfect sense.  I find both quite adequate in exchange for the scale you play on and the lack of unit cap.  I only mention this point as I have read complaints regarding the simplicity of the textures and polygons.  It is possible that the game could still function on the same scale with increases polygons, and more intricate textures however, by simplifying these you make the game more available to novice players who may not have the time, money, or inclination to invest in a powerful machine.  This expands the market that the game can reach out to and in turn creates more users available to play with or against.  I do not wish to undermine the disappointment felt by those who invested in the development of this game since it appears by the reviews I have read you had very specific expectations.As for its shortfalls...   This has been addressed before, but I feel it must be restated over and over.  The inability to save your place mid-mission.  Perhaps the developer felt this was unnecessary, but considering it takes hours to conquer a system, and not every player has an uninterrrupted block of 96 hours to dedicate to the conquest of 2 moons, it seems rather elementary to include it.  Secondly, the in-game pause, does not work.  This may be a relative issue to my HDD data, but I'm going with not unless other users can point out that they have not experienced this issue.  Being as it cannot be saved, it seemed only fitting that I could pause it and walk away for a few hours to, you know, expose myself to sunlight or God forbid real humans.  As my tone suggests, these ar simple failures, but because they are pretty much standard across all game genres their absence here is noticable and irritating.  I will give the game a few more goes for the positives, but should these problems go without patch, it may be a frustatingly wasteful expenditure on my part.  Should these be addressed, I see no reason to not play this game.  I would rather not hit ""yes"" or ""no"" on the recommend option, but I have no choice."
,Recommended,233250,13963695,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,BlueSmoke,"With all the RTS games i have purchased this ranks #1 in my book age of empires coming in second.Why this game is getting such a bad rep is beyond me most people are rating it bad because there computer cant handle it or they cant micro enough once they have units on multiple planets, which honstely to rate a game like that isnt fair to the game at all its infact slighty ignorant of you.I can tell you right now microing in this game is actually easy once you get the hang of it but hey some people are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who cant do 2 things at once.Enough of my ♥♥♥♥♥ing as to why this game is getting bad ratings lets talk about why the game is good.Now One of the big complaints i have been seeing on review websites such as meta critic and ign is that they are saying the game is unfinished now these reviews i have been reading are several months old and in my opion i think need to be removed.This game has so many units and so many methods of strategy and depth its insane and all i have been seeing is its unfinished and its gliching and there arent enough units, And i cant understand why, this game has more means of combat then any other strat game i have played and to list some i have played age of empires all three of them Ruse, company of heros, stronghold the compelete collection, supreme commander, battle of empires, civ and several others. To list some means of strat you can do land air sea orbital you can freaking launch bots to another damn planet out of a cannon that is freaking badass, you can nuke them use cannons that have massive range or just straight up shoot there planet with a damn laser. This game is balanced i have also seen people rating it bad because it has one faction and that i dont understand as well most games have 1 or 2 factions and even with that they have issues staying balanced that is why age of empires is such a great game but with all the unit diversity this game has it might as well be all the civs in age. NOT to mention how big your army can get from what i have played thus far there is no limit to size its insane and with no lag as well and you can control of them even in age you cant select all of your military units over 60. SO I BEG YOU STOP RATING THIS GAME BECAUSE YOU ARE BAD AT IT OR CAUSE IT DOESNT RUN RATE THIS GAME FOR WHAT IT IS AND IF YOU WROTE A REVIEW AWHILE BACK PLAY THE GAME AND REWRITE IT. People need to rate this game on what it does good and bad and the bads are a minimal but lets talk about some.SO what does this game do bad not much actually i have encounted one screen glich but it was most likely my computer instead of the game, somtimes all my units wont move up when the frontlines attack but that is easy to fix.So to end this i would give this game a a 9/10 and honstely from what i have played so far it deserves it. its the most inavative rts i have everplayed and highly recomend you pick it up for 30$ and if it goes on sale buy it while you can."
,Not Recommended,233250,13950647,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,G0RGAK,"This game is a joke, not even close to the fun of Total Annihilation. Limited units and ways to play, this game could have been so good, but alas it isn't."
,Recommended,233250,13959349,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Chomano,"Really good game... Just my PA.exe file crash every time i try to play, so thats sad. but it's worth buying if it works X)"
,Recommended,233250,13969951,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Dogger,A great game.
76561198077303211,Recommended,233250,13959845,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Risk ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),this game looks cool but... i can't play my pc have a big resolution but is not very pawerfull so can someone do something for change resolution? i can't play
76561198010485374,Recommended,233250,13518818,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,-Bro-Jake,"i honestly dont get why people are so utterly negative about this gameyes it wasnt released into a very polished and complete state, and yes they did try to screw their customers over by launching another kickstarter and possibly leave this game to rotbut since their kickstarter failed, they decided they had to earn some player trust and they started to work their butts on improving the game and adding new stuffgranted you need a monster of a pc to make this thing run,but if you can and you loved supreme commander youll ♥♥♥♥ing love this game."
76561198021623810,Recommended,233250,13542825,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Sabrerain,This is my favorite Real-Time-Stragergy ever if you like the micro-management but with the things that make games different.this game is great for a friend to play to watch their face as you...CRASH A MOON ONTO HIS LEADER!!!!10/10
76561198016228931,Not Recommended,233250,13941637,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Gerd Logan,"This is still far from done. Many features are missing, announcer doesn't report attacks etc."
76561198117654511,Recommended,233250,13948680,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Fatllama,Very addicting
,Recommended,233250,13953373,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Prf.ValianceTheQuestorOfAZ,My planet smashed into my enemies planet killing all of six of us. 10/10
,Recommended,233250,13959388,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,TaliDan,"Wauw, no words. This game had a pretty bad start, but it slowly worked it's way up. And I feel that now is the time to really buy it."
76561198070977588,Recommended,233250,13977636,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Voadaphone,may not have the best graphics but is really fun to play
76561198102321219,Recommended,233250,14085847,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Gov.Lehner,"At great game, but is very laggy and has no proper campeign."
76561198059776792,Recommended,233250,14152854,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,VIKING ACTUAL,hard but great game
76561198083507302,Recommended,233250,15447614,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,NuclearSquid,too much water7.8/10
76561198093469347,Not Recommended,233250,13952544,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,JohnBobbyTables,"I'm a pretty big fan of the Supreme Commander series. Once I saw this game was on sale I had to have it, it looked just like SC except there were multiple planets to conquer in one single game.Then I started playing it and honestly deserves more credit than people are giving, but it is still kind of a piece of trash. It is impossible to retake control of a planet once it has been locked down, you can only move one unit at a time through a transport ship to another planet unless you are fast enough to build a teleporter, the zooming function is glitchy, whenever you come back to a planet, it will be in a different orientation, the graphics are trash, there is only one faction that you can play and honestly the list goes on forever. Is it worth $30? No. Is it worth $6? Probably not. Will I still play it now that I own it? Probably once in a while.The only good thing going for this game is the online community. You can pretty much login at any time and there are people playing it. If you think this game looks at all interesting, you should probably check it out if it's on sale, otherwise just give it a pass.I will re-rate this game if the developers decide to put some more work into it and fix the serious problems."
76561198040939286,Recommended,233250,13969222,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Krzysiek,Really nice game good job ;)
,Recommended,233250,13978568,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Ben The Dingo,AWESOME!! ROBOTS KILLING OTHER ROBOTS WITH ROBOT BASES WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT!!!OH AND YOU CAN DESTROY PLAYERS WITH OTHER PLANETS!!!
,Not Recommended,233250,13980032,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,n8mahr,"From time to time I start a ""galactic war"" (single player) just to remind me how boring and stupid a game can be. If you ever played this game and tried to ""invade"" a planet without advanced tech, you know what I am talking about. The game is over in five minutes - or it grinds to an absolute standstill.Multiplayer is NOT an option, because noone wants to play this game.A shame they used the name (Total) Annihilation as a bait. A sacrilege!"
76561197983978238,Not Recommended,233250,13980489,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,DoGz85,"great game, love it.BUT! it crashes all the time. they say its because running out of memory.... just fix it, whatever you do fix it, how can you realiese a game without memory managment?also no save game, so every time it crashes (sometimes over an hour into a match) i have to start again.yup it was worth the $10au, but i wont be playing it again till the crash bug is fixed and save game is added.IMO spend your $10 on somthing else"
,Recommended,233250,14084081,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,VideoCoin,"Nuked a planet so hard my game froze.Honestly the most fun I've had with an RTS in a long time. It may not be for everyone though. The combat throughout solar systems was great and full of multiple layers of strategy and planning.I found myself on multiple occassions building up air defenses, knowing the enemy commander favored air power only to find a small raiding party of bots or ground vehicles sneaking through, to cause a bit of mayhem. Honestly I enjoyed the challenge at times, its not to challenging to make the game to hard, although facing multiple commanders does add a degree of challenge and difficulty which I found highly enjoyable, and its not to easy either. Some people may disagree and say that it is, and early on you can wipe up an enemy commander quickly if you move and plan fast enough, but I believe that is a part of the fun. The upgrades in the War scenarios are also a huge game changer.I found myself relying on a ""rush"" tactic, building up huge numbers of small attack bots, after obatining an upgrade which boosted my bots, health, speed, and damage. The combat feels robust, and allows for players to be turtles or to rush in quickly and doesn't seem to penalize any play style, except for rushing a base with just your commander which is honestly not a smart move. Even with your commander's strength, they can be taken out by grunts, when overwhelmed.That doesn't even include the super-weapons add a whole other layer to the game.The art style is also nice, and allows for the game to look great at any graphical setting, from the highest settings to the lowest.Overall I find it a fun, robust, and enjoyable RTS and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys the genre.TL;DR Version: It's fun, buy it."
76561198042453143,Not Recommended,233250,14086019,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Tamojin,"I had high hopes for this game.  As an old fan of the Total Annihilation franchise, I was looking forward to this revitalization of the universe.  The vids on YouTube and the Kickstarter page had me very excited to play.  A few of the reviews that I read about buggy graphics were set aside for franchise loyalty.  I'm honestly regretting my decision.The new  build was pretty enough, and the different commanders was a nice touch.  The first strike against the game was lack of a tutorial/mini-campaign to introduce you to all the new features and the new tactical approaches.  I spent about two hours of game play to realize that my opponent wasn't even on my planet.  Then, after surviving the initial orbital bombardment, it took another hour trying to figure out how to get from one planet to the next.I could fogive that.  There's always a learning curve in a game like this, right?  The fact that the developers put so much thought into the system is actually a redeeming quality.  Well, it seems that they didn't put enough thought into it making the game a bit more intuitive.  I'll admit that I'm not, primarily, an RTS gamer.  I like the genre well enough, But this game actually soured that enjoyment quite a bit for me.The second strike against the game is that there is no real save option.  One of the things about RTS gaming that I enjoy is correcting my mistakes and finally beating that one level that really makes you think.  In Skirmish play, saving isn't an issue.  However, in Galactic War it certainly is.  I spent ten hours, playing an epic ""campaign"" only to lose against a terribly overpowered opponent.  I thought to myself - ""Okay.  Let's try this again.""  I really wanted to make the other guy pay for his affrontery.  Only, when I went to load from the last save, I couldn't.  My loss was immortalized and I'd just lost ten hours of my life that I couldn't get back.  To say that I was upset is an understatement.Okay.  So, its a moral lesson.  I can almost get behind that.  You have to be more cautious in your game play, right?  At this point, I'm stubbornly sticking behind the franchise.  So much so that I plug another twelve hours into the game.  More skirmishes to understand the units, another couple attempts at Galactic War to see if I can actually learn from my mistakes.  More caution, more planning...only to be failed left and right by a buggy game and completely imbalanced opponents.Random tech advancements is all well and good, but when your opponents consistently have access to orbital factories and satellites that rain doom down on your planets, while you're stuck with a measley 1st tier Vehicle Factory and an orbital launcher...well, its not fun to be consistently shut down left and right - no matter how fast you try and get your guys to the other prick's planet surface.  When you take into account the sproadic graphics glitches where the entire map turns to static on a whim, the DLC content that rapes your wallet in the form of buying new commanders and what not, and other corners that were cut...well, I'm sorry...but the franchise is dead to me.  It might seem shallow of me, but I'm primarily a story gamer.  And while the franchise was always lacking in world building, I had hopes that they were going to do something with this reboot.There was a lot that I liked, but it wasn't enough to outweigh the frustration associated with the game play in general.  This game is for serious vetrans only.  People who like fast game play over patient slogging and attrition play will love this.  You're always against a clock, and your strategy is constantly having to change.  The learning curve is high, unless you spend a few hours on YouTube looking at other people's game play.  Even then, you have to be willing to sacrifice hours of play at the whim of whatever code randomizes what your opponent has access to.I give this game three stars out of ten, and wish that I could get my money back.  The developers tried, and it was  a valiant effort.  Sadly, it didn't deliver.  Hope this helps someone else avoid the same frustration.Cheers"
76561198087485926,Recommended,233250,14090674,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Garuda,ill r8 8/9 m8
76561198012610173,Not Recommended,233250,14090883,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Genoscythe,"Planetary Annihilation did not achieve it to keep my attention for more than some hours. It could have been an awesome game, the concept is very good, however the realization lacks a lot of love and variety.- Heavy lag issues (I7 and a 760GTX card here).- No variety/Factions, only the same bland unit set and different colors.- Commanders have exactly one ability and loose all their fighting power in late early-game. There are different looks though.- No variety in Gamemodes.- Singleplayer is boring and unmotivating (Galactic conquest), also lacking a save-feature in-game.- AI is stupid as hell and you can just rush to the enemy commander in Singleplayer, ending a match in 5 minutes.- Interface is not well optimized, maps lack oversight, certain commands are missing (I have to order every single orbital transport unit to pick up a unit).Some positive points I encountered:+ No unit limit, well there is the physical psace of course, however caution as it might cause heavy lag.+ Nice unconventional tactics possible.+ I like the overall graphics style."
76561198056341616,Recommended,233250,14154320,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Captain Canada,"This game is amazingly satisfying when you crush your enemies and is even more fun if you have a friend you can annihilate or be on the same team and cause double the destruction, the game is lots of fun and I would recommend it to anyone who has always been a fan of the RTS genre of gaming"
,Recommended,233250,16006538,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Codywastaken,"The game was rocky on release but has gotten much, much better."
,Recommended,233250,16184815,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,^5Flying Turtle,You can destroy planets with other planets. What is not to like? 10/10
76561198103491895,Recommended,233250,17325365,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Chaptermaster,I TOTALLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME...Its super fun to play with friends and a GREAT time passer
,Recommended,233250,16081323,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Pontifex Maximus,"I really liked this game it offers a lot in replay value due to the many maps to chose from. The pathing of the units is sometimes an issue where the bots will get stuck behind an object but generally this is not an issue. Lag is non-existent at least whenever I have played, The multiplayer is very fun and engaging.This is a very good game just with a few balancing issues that need to be sorted but over all a 7/10"
76561198123024287,Recommended,233250,16501345,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,RedKing,"This is an amazing RTS strategy game. It is a bit pricey, so if you don't want to spend the $30, just wait for a sale. Overall, great game."
,Not Recommended,233250,17193318,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Borsek,"Lots of bugs, unfinished mechanics, causes crashes, unusually high sysreq for the graphically mediocre game. It's fun when it's not crashing - basically supreme commander 2 with ultiple playing fields. Get it for 5$ or less, otherwise not recommended."
76561198162000362,Recommended,233250,17398594,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Jklonny,"Devs are keeping up the good work, now we finally got asteroids!, the battles are way more fun than in other rts games, making you travel from planet to planet, espanding you domanin, securing your economy, and annihilate your enemyes with everything the game has to offer ( and this goes from bots to tanks to ships to planes to satellites to moons to annihilasers!!! ). The campain is the only weak spot of this game, alot of people don't want to play multiplayer but still on skirmish you can have alot of fun, and maps ? You make them!! And it's really easy to make a solar system. Anyway play alone or with friends if you enjoy RTS."
76561198119283019,Recommended,233250,16728797,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Lavoroxan,Me: *Builds stuff**Sees BIG♥♥♥♥♥PLANET IN BACKGROUND*Me: THE ♥♥♥♥?!*BIG♥♥♥♥♥PLANET CRASHES INTO HOMEWORLD**LOSES*HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO COUNTER THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥!10/10 Want to use death star again
,Recommended,233250,11274993,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,007pumuckl Gourd,This is a great game!
,Recommended,233250,11472525,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Furher Riechenenstad,planet smashing simulator 2014
,Recommended,233250,11685781,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,KillerPussy [swe],"This game is AWESOME!It was awesome even in Gamma. As I'm writing this the game is currently in ""Beta"". Which might suggest they've taken care of most of the bad bugs. There were definitely a few of them. But UBER listen to their users complains and fix most of the troublesome bugs as they are detected. This game is really worth buying.Get it!"
76561197960799905,Not Recommended,233250,12332165,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Talgoose,"Bought this a long time ago and tried it out during its Alpha phase. I decided to wait for the official release of the game and even now it feels like it still belongs in Alpha. Why is it that every game after Total Annhiliation and it's Expansion games just feel incomplete?The design for the interface is horrible, nothing is intuitive about it. Options are extremely limited, graphically it is underwhelming. It is honestly just a big disappointment, and I hope it digs itself out of this hole, but I do not see that happening if this is considered an official release.TLDR: Dont buy it, needs a LOT on every aspect. Feels like an incomplete indie game."
76561198086538743,Not Recommended,233250,12329044,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Sputnik,"Simply put: this game is only based on rushing, no strategy, no balanced fights just build as much units as you can, scatter as much forces to other planets as fast as possible and you can win. so this means, you must act fast and just rush building.now something that really troubles me, you can do one thing at once, while your opponent (AI) can do 1000000 things at once. and before I know it my base is being overrun by bombers and huge♥♥♥♥♥tank armies. my point is, you are no match against AI, even on the lowest difficulty. this makes the game no fun, i've stopped playing multible times after about 2 hours of gaming because there is no end coming to it, the AI just keeps coming, keeps sending nukes over and over, and I keep defending my base OVER AND OVER.it just dousn't stop, playing this game is a total life waster, you cannot save your progress during battle you only play hours of staring to your screen trying to somehow beat the opponent (yea you can pause the game but you know what I mean).ofcourse, this game has lots of good things included, but the fact that you must make some time in your day to play one match is just very tiering and like I said before, you have to rush building just keep sending endless amounts of units to the enemy untill there finnally comes a moment that the balance is over, and sometimes even in your disadvantage (hours of playing for nothing)some things I really like about this game though:1. The graphics, for ex. the nuke explosion it really looks nice, the planets, units etc.2. Solar system building, you can make your own solar system, I like this especially because I like building things.3. Planet colliding, something I haven't seen before in any other game, very original.4. structures, the structures are very well made, they have their own style (cartoonish?) and most are even animate.5. sandbox, I don't know if this is the right term but you can litterally can go anywhere you want in the game, land, sea,air and space and you can battle in each one of them. and yes you can also build anything you want without enemies  destroying it.all together, more or less time waste and no possibility at tactical warfare.it's sad, the game looks nice but the gameplay is just... not really fun at all for me.I apologize for my bad english, this is my first review ever so yea it has some flaws. I hope this helped you get a glimse of what this game is, but remember, it's my opinion."
,Recommended,233250,12331350,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Karl of Duty,"This game is pretty awesome if you liked Supreme Commander. It's really hard to play in the beginning mostly because the maps are round so the enemy could come from anywere. But when you learn how to put up a defense the game gets really fun especially with the multi-planet play. The game was pretty bad in early access when it comes to preformance, but that is alot better now after the game's actual release."
,Not Recommended,233250,12338352,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,ุSky Aklost,As a massive fan of Total annihilation and Supreme Commander this game has been a huge letdown. From Its shoddy menus and always online laggfest game modes to its lack of variety and incompetent AI. Planetary Annihilation really shows how bad community funded projects often turn out. I feel for anyone who fell for the hype.
,Not Recommended,233250,12360470,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Maddex,"I've been following this game since it was first announced on Kickstarter and I'm sad to say they have failed to deliver on most of their promises even after all this time; and after recieving almost 3 times the amount of money they initially asked for (not to mention the money they'd have recieved from early access retail releases and steam sales etc.). The reason I'm writing this negative review now is due to the fact Uber Entertainment have decided to start a new Kickstarter for an all new game known as Human Resources. This game is all the more bold and daring than Planetary Annihilation and is a feat that will NOT be easily achieved. They've even had the audacity to say that the current state of Planetary Annihilation and what they've done with it over the years is a testament to their game making capabilities. In my eyes that is an out right insult to their followers as you only have to play the game for an hour in it's current state to see how far off from the original promised product it really is. With the announcement of the Kickstarter project for Human Resources came a post on the official Uber Entertainment forum from an employee in regards to what will happen to the continued support and development of Planetary Annihilation if the backing is successful.https://forums.uberent.com/threads/a-note-to-planetary-annihilation-fans-about-human-resources.64719/They do state that even if the Kickstarter is successful they will continue to support and develop Planetary Annihilation further and that a seperate team will start work on Human Resources, but later in the thread they state ""Planetary Annihilation’s vision has been achieved or else we wouldn’t have launched it, but that was just one journey. We embarked on a more adventurous one the second we updated it to 1.0."".Now this to me is the icing on the cake. Declaring that Planetary Annihilation's vision has been achieved is an outright insult to all supporters no matter how far down the production time line you may have decided to start backing. Comparing the game in it's current form to the original promised product you can see they have failed in countless aspects, and for them to then try and use this mess of a game as a reason for trusting them with more of your money is just down right disgusting."
76561198099030136,Recommended,233250,12429809,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,IAmNobody,"Planetary Annihilation has been one of my greatest Steam purchases so far. The animation is pretty impressive for a game that has so much rendering to do. The planetary explosions are VERY impressive as well. I think this was a huge improvement over its pseudo-prequel, Total Annihilation. Anyone that plays Supreme Commander or any other RTS should buy this game. My only complaint is that the servers get overloaded and slow down the game when massive armies are built."
,Not Recommended,233250,12334474,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Zerf,"This game has amazing potential but there are major flaws that keep me from even playing the game:Pros:-Awesome game with cool units and obital/space travel-Massive explosions with nukes!-Planet creation and a new single player mode-When you can get a full uninterupted game in it is loads of fun! Use a moon as a battering ram... YES!Cons:-Requires CONSTANT internet connection to play even with bots-Connection to servers almost always become interupted before you finish a long game, forcing you to the main menu without continuation of the game-The game runs poorly for myself and many friends of mine who run decent rigs. (8gb ram+ 4.0ghz etc. basic gaming rigs)conclusion:-You should wait untill this game has a chance to be fixed (Currently 10/3/14). This game has come a long ways since the early testing and I'm sure the developers will get around to this because it's a huge flaw."
76561198055486935,Recommended,233250,12283583,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,slam,100 out of 10. the BEST RTS ive ever played
76561198006713923,Not Recommended,233250,12298989,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,PlunderJack///HooT,this is a joke.. don't buy. they tell and give you crap.
,Recommended,233250,12319129,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Hroddric,"I feel like a programation loop, just spamming the same thing over and over to enter in that planet. 9/10"
,Recommended,233250,12329484,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Nipavozi,Best RTS I've ever played. The battles are as large as your rig can handle and the amount of units and buildings is astronomical. 10/10.
,Not Recommended,233250,12475176,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,mr Green,"Game does not have an tutorial. I get  plenty of build options, but no clue why i should make them in the first place or even why i should make more as 1. Also i found it real annoying that when  zoomed on global level, the mouse does not give the option to ""browse"" the planet.   it forces me to ""scan the world""  with my keyboard,,  up and down,, and strafe.  I did not see anyting aboujt the pitch  or angle.... might try it again if i am able to conquer my impatience"
76561198051516190,Recommended,233250,12269915,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Like a Boss,best rts around
,Not Recommended,233250,12296344,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Gibson585,"Doesn't hold up to its predecessor, Supreme Commander.  The game is broken; even after its ""official release.""  This game series is awesome, but save your money and try out Supreme Commander or Supreme Commander Forged Alliance.  These games look, and play much better than PA, with a much more rounded overall expierience.  There is only one faction of units differentiated by color as opposed to three, and only 2 tech tiers as opposed to 3+prototype in SC.  The crashing of planets and giant lasers are novelty that get old after 2-3 times.  Supreme Commander > Planetary Annihilation"
,Recommended,233250,12293338,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Gyscos,"Some features are still lacking (offline play, multi monitor supports, ...) even after official launch, but it is still a good game, and will only get better.EDIT: Offline play is now live !"
,Recommended,233250,12295428,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Tyto Alba,"Great game, many hours will be put into this game, sometimes dying and sometimes living, The multiplayer is good and the galactic war is also very good. Though the extra commanders dlc is very pricey for something that is cosmetic"
,Recommended,233250,12374620,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,JohnnyKatswell,"Not just global - GLOBAL strategy.Title of Planetary Annihilation perfectly captures the essence of the game: you still have to destroy the planet. Blow up, collide with each other or simply capture. As in most RTS, you need to build up a huge military force as soon as possible to crush his opponent - but instead of the ""flat"" at the mercy of cards you give the whole solar system. And at first, it really admires."
76561197994509680,Recommended,233250,12276651,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Yaash,This game is amazing!
76561197992422647,Not Recommended,233250,13934353,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Ziltoid,"Barely started the game before it asks me to create an account with unknown terms of service. Investigated, found out you have to start steam in offline mode to even play the game without providing your username, password and email address. Cannot recommend any game which does this - on principle, will not play and must consider the money lost. One minute on record - but left the game running for another four minutes just to be able to warn others of this issue."
,Not Recommended,233250,13313739,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Rodrrico,"This game has such potential to be a good solid RTS, the graphics are fresh, the music sets the tone of the campaign perfectly, even the gameplay is enjoyable. However one key facts above all others underminds the game - no save feature. I can understand not saving mid battle or while in conflict etc, but to not have any save feature in the 'galactic war' campaign is just poor, lazy programing. Why do we need a save feature you ask? Simple, life.For example, today I needed to abandon the current planetary conquest to go down to the shops. So I pause the game and look to abandon this planet."" Oh well"", I think. ""I can just try again when I get back"". Nope! Abandoning a battle not only abandon's the particular planet fight you are currently in, but the entire galactic war. What a joke!Top top it off, there is no record of how many planets / systems I had conquered with my commander. It is as though my entire galactic war to this point was completely pointless, and that is what I have to say about Planetary Annihilation - it is completely pointless. Save you money and don't buy this game."
76561198011696478,Not Recommended,233250,13944976,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,SaMoSFr,"Avoid this like the plague.Bought it thinking it would be a great successor to the Supreme Commander series, as well as Total Annihilation (I'm showing my age here...), launched the campaign and... nearly cried while trying to complete its first level.I'm not even going to bother going through all the flaws of the game - theyre numerous, but just as a word of warning to anyone: just dont buy this, not even on sale"
,Recommended,233250,13309928,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,ProXkiller,"this game is very slow, if you're fan of C&C games Planetary Annihilation is that but in space with much, much more!"
76561198106777710,Recommended,233250,13307371,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,xBlake26,"This game is amazing! Endless fun! I think it is amazing how you can lose a battle on one planet, but continue pushing forward on another planet. And even when all odds are against you, you can just ram a moon into the enemy! 15/10"
76561198054077892,Not Recommended,233250,13943535,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Sanji,Just look at the price history of this game...
,Recommended,233250,13949542,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Chesphendshil,epic game... no problems... 10/10 recomend all... easy to understand...
76561198066408623,Recommended,233250,12337669,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Afvegaleiðir,"loving the game, dunno what everyone is complaying about"
76561198086768538,Recommended,233250,13308729,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,GrafNikster,"I really love this game, but some more tutorial would defenitely have been nice!"
76561197995238300,Not Recommended,233250,13314334,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,HastyVlogs,play supreme commander forged alliance. it is much better. i don't know why the same controls don't work in this game. it has alot of potential. i'm 34 and i love these guys for total annihilation and supreme commander but this game should've not left EARLY ACCESS
,Not Recommended,233250,13945216,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,IBaa,please change single player game mechanic it not fun and boring.
76561198132017856,Recommended,233250,13309880,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Can i get a game without Smurfs,A Brilliant game5 star
76561198068398108,Not Recommended,233250,13944632,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Lixes,"Campaing         - 4/10Multiplayer       - 5/10Enterainment   - 4/10Overall _____ 4.5/10Buy @ $8 or less to get valueKey Points:***Wanted to like this game, bought @ $30 - $40 & did not see the value******System Requirements are bigger than most fall short of this dont even bother******Feels like it was more of a money making scheme than true to its colours***"
76561198088861906,Recommended,233250,14003324,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,GrassTurtle2,"Do you like to blow things up? then buy this game!do you like murderous death robots? then buy this game!do you like to send armies of murderous robots at your enemies? then buy this game!do you like to throw AN ENTIRE PLANET at your enemies? then buy this game!do you like to send 50 nukes at your enemies? then buy this game!do you like to fire GIANT LASERS out of a death star looking planet? then buy this game!if you awnsered yes to 3 or more of these questions, buy this game."
,Recommended,233250,13939017,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Danila Senko,"Whine more, babies who bought the game at full price or early-access price.I paid 3$ for this and I am enjoying every second!I recommend this game for RTS lovers, because it offers so much potential for all your battle-plots.Fighting on multiple planets is like playing multiple matches at the same time. This pushes your skills to the limit.Look at yourself, so called ""critics"", you are being offered with a new concept and you still bash the devs. I expected nothing from this game and it pleasured me greatly."
,Recommended,233250,13943606,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Envro,Deathstar is amazing. :)
76561197997987244,Not Recommended,233250,13944165,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,John Brzenk,This game is not even close to being as good as Supreme Commander.  Basically it is really boring to play.  Having to wage war on a small moon that is curved sounds cool but in reality it stinks.  Having to get your military over to the enemys moon is extremely annoying.  Don't bother with this one even if it is free.
76561197975888249,Not Recommended,233250,12514840,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,lovely,"Total Annihilation in Space! Without any space units or space gameplay of any kind, featureless globe maps that make tactics pointless, terrible gameplay,♥♥♥♥♥♥performance regardless of how many times the devs claimed to make improvements or the terrible apologistic community claimed real progress was being made, the kickstarter campaign and justification for 90$ was an absolute farce that again, only the terrible community believed and bought into. There is no sign whatsoever of any improvement to the Total Annihilation / Supreme Commander formula which was necessary as the series died for a reason.Where's my unit cannon?"
,Recommended,233250,12469429,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Pabloziac,"This game, I have to say, is pretty amazing for a next-generation RTS game. It reminds me of the classic RTS games like Red Alert (except RA 3 since EA ♥♥♥♥ed it up), Empire Earth, etc. The fact that the developers bring it to an inter-galatic level, and that you can colonize other planets is amazing. You can smash planets, and blow them up with the Annihilaser (which is likes a Death Star). There's no limits to how many units you can make, which is amazing, you can even create your own custom galactic battlefield that suits your fancy, and enjoy playing with friends. You can make nukes, anti-nukes, teleporters to link other planets, and even orbital units to fight in space alone. The game is worth spening the money; great balance, amazing concept, and will never get old."
76561198012273670,Recommended,233250,9467624,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Ronin,RTS at its Finest.
76561198012273670,Recommended,233250,9467625,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Ronin,RTS at its Finest.
76561197999975614,Recommended,233250,10591676,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,loofa face shit gibbion,good rts game still under gama tho
,Recommended,233250,10598573,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,{SPARTA} Wærlogan,BEST RTS EVER! lots of work to do but very playable and very fun. also very time consuming!
,Recommended,233250,10781391,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Noodler,10/10 would annihilate again.
,Recommended,233250,10842438,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Jaqk,"ok so imagine the ♥♥♥♥♥iest game ever, and then worse than that."
,Recommended,233250,11244594,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Monkey Vision,"Yeah......MaybeKinda boring somewhat, but playable.I had more fun playing other stuff, (C&C3, SC2, CIV5, etc)*Thankfully I got it while on super sale, good thing I never bought this in full price ~phew!"
76561198053769980,Recommended,233250,11782007,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,cender,pa.exe dont work
,Recommended,233250,10540531,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Docktor Dicking,"Huge planetary scale rts awesome lot of units exploding planets mass energy game---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I see that there are alot of people who are not very postitive about this game, i respect there oppinion, though i find this game very positive, love playing it, since the latest updated i think that the lagg when there are alote of units and stuff in the universe is less , i havent had any lagg lately to be honest..i think this game totally kicks♥♥♥♥♥ and the devs did what they promised.if you look at TA, Supcom, and FA there all better in there own way, more diffrent units and a story line.see this as a planetary starcraft with one race to play, i dont mind it that there are not diffrent races since there are alot of units for land, sea, air, and oribital.The only thing i really mis in this game are spaceships!, would be really cool if you can have a game mode where you start with a space♥♥♥♥♥♥the size of a friget or something, and that you can land youre commander from there, and built units on the ship by upgrading it with a factory so you can shoot them on the surface of the planet.Also one thing i really really really mis are commander upgrades..  in the single player you can find new techs and '' commmander upgrades '' , like faster movement speed and better tech building, PLEASE add this in skirmish as a diffrent mode or something!!Cheers! 13-8-2015"
76561198004916477,Recommended,233250,10577389,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Edizal,"Great game, Mutliplayer still need some work, but i would recommend this to anyone who like the other SC games"
76561197991064919,Recommended,233250,10599906,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Maeth,The feeling of awesomeness when you shoot an allied planet into the enemy planetGetting better with each update
,Recommended,233250,10740582,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Asahp,"Pro's:Very fun game.Cool art style.Lot's of replay value.Con's:Early access (not really a con, just sometimes people are wary of early access games)High price tag if the game is not on sale.No other cons.Initially the high price for an early access game daunted me. However, when it went on sale for $16, I decided to take a chance and purchase it with the initiative of a friend. To say the least, this game kicks major♥♥♥♥♥ I haven't felt this excited playing a game since my first ever game of civilization. For early access, this far exceeded the expectations that I had for it, and I cannot wait for more updates. Great, great, game in it's current state."
76561198022012695,Recommended,233250,10835086,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Fellaini Magic,its pretty good.
,Recommended,233250,10957788,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,MrNorway,I love it. Best game I have played in a long time.
76561198101870096,Recommended,233250,11167510,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Ammixus,"Brilliant game mechanics, just so badly optimised.someone needs to get on that..."
,Recommended,233250,11168677,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,SoruStar,awesome fast and crazy ^^
76561198067289948,Recommended,233250,11605050,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,PR3T,"Nice game, and it's even not finished yet!!"
,Recommended,233250,11695389,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Ginger_50,The best RTS i've ever played
,Recommended,233250,11766620,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Imaizumi Kagerou,In This Game you Can Crash Planets into planets.... Did you hear Me? YOU CAN CRASH PLANETS INTO PLANETS!
76561198001852038,Recommended,233250,2074285,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,Pro.,I bought this game for $70 and was expecting this game to be amazing.  Even in Alpha this game is extremely fun and well designed.  I'm expecting many updates and am ready for this game to get even better!  So far it is amazing.  Even with the expensive price.  It is well worth it so far.
76561198075856145,Recommended,233250,8072159,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,[LBY] The Lord of Lean,Awesome RTS game if your patient and love good stratagy games this is for you
,Recommended,233250,8152548,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Valentine,MANNNNNNN This is THE Greatest GAME ever still in beta but its F****ING AWESOME
,Not Recommended,233250,12506011,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,MAFiA™ Em,"Look at the curators. Look at what the players see. This is why we cant have nice things.This game is, unfinished, suffers from several bugs that were present since the word go. And, they have the nerve to offer in game purchaces of more pointless low quality skins. Yea. Avoid."
76561198055149459,Recommended,233250,11991589,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,SaschaTricep,"i blew up a planet,10/10"
76561198104118815,Not Recommended,233250,13968671,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Der Metzgermeister,dosent work there are missing textures so evern if u do get into the game u cant see ur ppl so yeh
,Recommended,233250,11690473,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,☢Pussy Slayer 3.0☢,it don't work!!!!!!! ;(
,Recommended,233250,10544480,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,crazyalexal,An amazing game but full of bugs and problems when it works it's the most fun i've had in along time but it's been a week of not been able to play it because of the last update
76561197970687405,Recommended,233250,10582176,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Ooga Booga,THE MAPS ARE ROUND WTFOMG WHY CANT I TURTLE?!
76561198082971847,Recommended,233250,11580236,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Nimunax,This Game is awesomethis game places on to be one of those games where you do not need a limet xDSo build away make the world whit to many robot's oh no you can't have to many so don't ever stop making them build like heck whit building's and stuff no limetBut if you love this game buy it buy it to a friend and the game will be better becuse they need money to finish it :D but it is early access so if you don't trust this type of games don't buy it D:But the game is big has a lot you can do a lot and you don't need to stop xD
,Recommended,233250,11608907,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Corgilover,"the game is laggy, i know. you would need a powerful computer to run it,but other than that, this game is virtually flawless.managing large armies, rts fun.one of the main reasons i bought this game was  to see planets and moons crash into each other. too bad barley anyone uses that function. :("
76561198085138662,Recommended,233250,7075006,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,Ashi's internship,This game is awsome in many ways!!
76561198033978524,Recommended,233250,8461721,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Taslem,"Let me start by saying that I've always had interest in RTS games but was never able to get into them due to the fact that I was never very good at them. I thought I would try PA, and here we are. This has got to be one of the best, if not the best, RTS games ever for me. It breaks the usual pattern of RTS games and adds a new dimension to it. I've had tons of fun (even when being decimated) because of the sheer epicness of the game. It feels more fluid and dynamic than other RTS's and I really like that. Economy isn't some enigma to be mastered (although you can), it serves as an effective drive for expansion and conflict. Units in PA tend to be glass canons, they all hit hard. Nothing tends to be better or more effective in general, but different units can be used for different purposes. It is early access and so you should expect bugs or imbalances in the game, but even now I'm loving it. Obviously, there are things I want changed but despite that the game's core concept is just fun. Planets provide a new dynamic to the game, and while right now I feel they create a lull in the game that effectively destroys intensity, this gap is being worked on.Overall, easily the best RTS game for people that want something refreshing. This game will constantly surprise you."
,Recommended,233250,8267682,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Wolf,simply... awesome
,Recommended,233250,8472081,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Mary-Kate Olsen,Great game so far. Hoping campaign will be added soon.
,Recommended,233250,8474840,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Gastrodon,"The game itself has a lot of potential, however, the gameplay is unbalanced, which is as expected to be for early access. The hud needs a little work, as well as some of the default hotkeys, just so that newer players aren't completely confused.On to the actual review. It's fun! Pit yourselves against your friends, in a massive territory war. A fun way to play is have 15 minutes of pure build time, to build a city, not just a blob of buildings. Then, five minutes to muster troops, and the rest of the game in an all out war to the last man standing."
,Recommended,233250,8484401,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,[FALC] Astaniel,"nice game, but i hope it will be better"
76561198098022853,Recommended,233250,8895553,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,polarchowns,"I LOVE IT!!!!!! Except the game isnt as cool as the trailer and music, but it will get there!"
,Recommended,233250,8900900,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,NaZ,Super awesome idea. I have not shot a moon yet.  SUPER AWESOME GAME !needs more buildings. IMO.
,Recommended,233250,8903761,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Gunboat Diplomat,"This game is great, you should buy it :D"
,Recommended,233250,8923692,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,HungryDinosaur,"A fantastic successor to Supreme Commander! Well worth a look, unless you hate robots, giant cannons, nukes or flying moons into planets."
76561198010896178,Recommended,233250,9228623,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,CowPhars,"Just wait for full release, or buy iy and come back ever month or so. Its great."
,Recommended,233250,9361186,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Perfume xo,Sooo much fun
76561198069415884,Recommended,233250,9384081,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,FOO JIA LUN,"Its a really fun game and DUN BE Stunned or shock at the first few games,it takes a few games to fully understand this game's mechanics and if you really like to suppport this game or like PLANET annihliating people,this is the right game for you,in the future there would be full scale war around 50++ people per team,would be really fun and looking forward to it.Though it is heavily priced but i assure you,it is worth the money and game,playing with friends would be the BEST!"
,Recommended,233250,9779794,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,ClumsyClucky,Its a really good game:D 10/10
,Recommended,233250,8137243,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Alhazred,Amazing Rts. This is what all rts games should aspire to.
76561198073097313,Recommended,233250,8411081,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ultimaterandombanana,Just awesome nothing elwe to say.  :D
76561198060695718,Recommended,233250,10142925,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Gummy Frupples,OK I LIKE CAPS this game is great it is in a good stage 2 specks i think you should have right now if you dont have them DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ok number 1 MUST have a strong internet connection 2 must have all reccomended settings then you are good to go this is my favorite game best war game ever
76561197965383828,Recommended,233250,10202323,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,-=FeTTa=-,don't be a fool n miss out on this one
76561197996695414,Recommended,233250,10203643,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,MDelta72,Pretty awesome RTS game. If you enjoy Supreme Commander or Total Annihilation you will enjoy this game.
,Recommended,233250,10204482,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Laurgo,BUY IT
,Recommended,233250,10530739,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Xtra,"Yes of course. My euphoria levels went through the roof when i bought this game. All the girls that saw me as the nice caring guy want to date me. They left there ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ boyfriends for me! This game is a must buy if you want all the ladies. I tip my fedora to the creator, M'lady!"
76561198023425593,Recommended,233250,10585169,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ankakaz03,"Great progress in making a balanced, entertaining combat game. Large in scope instead of micro managing various aspects like in previous games, has features to reduce the complexity of base building to allow you to tackle strategies more."
76561198068331487,Recommended,233250,10589213,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,morphheus,"Ever heard of Total Annihilation? You loved that game?Then PA is for you. It has the same intimate feel you could find in TA. The game features little micromanagement, thanks to infinite production on factories and click&drag commands. Also, units fire while moving.It is still a clickfest, but each click does more. You end up more focused on the strategy part of the game than the micromanagement part of any RTS.And I didn't even talk about streaming resources yet!"
76561198066598765,Recommended,233250,10607251,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Caelis,"Great game and very promising. It is still in Early acces, but it already feels like an (nearly) finished game."
,Recommended,233250,10614054,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Duke,Planet smasher
76561198064147345,Recommended,233250,10617793,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Zanoit,Probably my most favorite rts game
,Recommended,233250,10661546,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Wiingss,"an advanced version of total annihilation or supreme commander with huge potential, very unfinished as yet."
76561198076207758,Recommended,233250,10677646,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Elias Dabalos,good fun and not laggy anymore
,Not Recommended,233250,10678323,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Tyrrin,"DO NOT BUY THIS STEAMING PILE OF DOG EXCRIMENT!!! For 3 hours I have tried everything up to and including disabling and uninstalling my anti-virus. I cannot create a game, I cannot join a game, and I cannot find my son on the server that is in the other room having the EXACT SAME PROBLEMS. This game is a broken pile of garbage and by far and wide the worst game I have ever seen on Steam."
76561198030840016,Recommended,233250,10712881,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,PigmyGnome,Great game that is a must have for fans of Total Annihilation or Supreme Commander. Takes the level of combat onto a scale you only dreamed as available years ago.
,Recommended,233250,10813758,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,MrPhooey,Great RTS reminiscent of the Supreme Commander series. Great game with a lot to offer those hardcore RTS players. Hard work and quick thinking rewards you with the power to direct a moon into the path of a planet. Needs some more work for sure. Excited to see what happens when the game is released.
,Recommended,233250,10817619,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,sabin,"Good art style good graphics. Very unique gameplay, and a nice new take on the RTS genre. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,233250,10820527,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Skelly,planets & laser bullets is all this are
76561197989824969,Recommended,233250,10823537,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Vairos,Good game only problems I can see at the moment is the game will randomly freeze sometimes. The program will crash for the game and there is no saving the game when your on a planet.
,Recommended,233250,10952908,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Edward,derp
76561198014909268,Recommended,233250,10988346,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Omega,"HAHAHAH, COISA BOA! MAIS UM JOGAO!!!!"
,Recommended,233250,8834817,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Commander Dulton,Wait for it to finish and get it cheaper
76561198003506151,Recommended,233250,9110636,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,vargablood,Perfect strategy game with extreme variety of buildings and vehicles. Great performance on Linux.
,Recommended,233250,9290851,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,PageOne,PURE AWSOMENESS
,Recommended,233250,9303642,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,sayeko,for being an stratergy game it delivers how it is to have a base and how it is to control the defenses and your attacking forces.for some reason it reminds me heavily of supreme commander 1 but on a much larger scale and more units and factories to produce
76561198054201892,Recommended,233250,9338089,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Metro Boomin,you must pay money for this game the graphics! the sound! the gameplay! AND ITS JUST IN GAMMA
,Recommended,233250,9374740,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,mango,i love dis gaem
76561198095305742,Recommended,233250,9380075,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Dogscast Zephoz,A solid 8/10. My only problems are frame drops and servers crashing. Great game otherwise!
76561197972347414,Not Recommended,233250,16734533,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,boss hogg,I'm a huge fan of SupComm and SupComm 2 so the fact that the developers would release such a broken game breaks my heart. When the game works its great fun and I wouldn't hesitate to call it ground breaking if the damn thing would just run smoothly. The RTS fan in me wants to tell you to buy it but the consumer in me says to save your money.
76561198045484359,Recommended,233250,9242903,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Daryl Sneebly,"Command large armies, and crash your enemy. Bombaried your enemy with long range artililery, and missiles. Nuke your enemy till his nothing, but a ash. Or throw a planet at him crushing the galaxy to dust."
,Recommended,233250,13532743,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,AngelRaven,"I've always been a huge fan of this type of strategy game. Total Annihilation was and still is a game I pick up with friends every now and then and that received lots of love from modders (more then 500 custom units?!) Seeing Planetary Annihilation taking things up a notch sure was a welcome sight. If I have to highlight a minor point however I'd choose the AI in Galactic War, I steamrolled nearly every encounter in 5-10 minutes up to a point where it was almost ridiculous. I was glad to find out that in Skirmish with lots of room the AI is a whole other challange but can still get bogged down. Enjoying multiplayer matches is however highly recommended and I'm sure we'll be seeing interesting Annihilition combat for a long while to come."
76561198081286820,Recommended,233250,9288823,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Budget Cuts,"Only have a few hours in on the game right now but I love this game, brought back so many memories right from the start of when I used to play Total Annihilation back in the 90's as a kid, it's so freaking cool to see it literally expand up one tier from air combat to space combat and the whole game changes, I hope this gets more support, from any RTS I've played this is one of my favorites, all I've had was Starcraft II to play until this strolled up on Steam.Without any limitations on unit limit is by far my favorite element in the game, I'm allowed any kind of army to cover literally any amount of ground or space I wish.  Just know this game can feel a bit slow at the start because you're going to need to prepare to do♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of micro managing on armies and units back at your bases and on other planets.  Time is key so enjoy it."
76561198051765904,Recommended,233250,10230518,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Shaden,"NOTE THIS GAME IS CURRENTLY IN GAMMA SO IT IS NOT COMPLETED. YOU MAY EXPERIENCE BUGS AND OTHER SUCH ISSUES WITH THE CURRENT GAME. LOOK PASS THESE AS THEY WILL BE CORRECTED WITH THE GAME FULLY RELEASESALSO I CANNONT COVER HOW AWESOME THIS GAME IS IN A MERE REVIEW. YOU. MUST. PLAY,PA recommended absolutely. Coming from playing RTSs like Command and Conquer, Supreme Commander, and Total War, along with various other little strategy games, I can honestly say that PA is the best of the best. You have FULL range to do whatever strategy or build that you want with no map borders or constraints other that Planetary terrain and maybe that Holkins  hitting you from range. You are completely free to explore the entire planet and surround planets in any system that is stock or you make in the easy to use system creator.Now into Specifics.GRAPHICS. Try the incredibly smooth and cartoonish feel of waging war against everyone and everything. Each unit has its own very sleek and imaginative design that you may find yourself admiring at close range. All the structures you build are fully animated. While the futuristic machines may not be, say of ""Transformers"" quality, the game designers keep them simple yet definitive. The planets following the same simple yet stunning formula. Shading and lighting are realistically simulated by the planets orbiting the stars, so you can literally see the days passing by in your campaign.GAMEPLAY. HOLY SWEET MOTHER THIS GAME IS AMAZING. In the beginning the game is rather balanced; you select what type of commander you want (cosmetics only), choose a landing spot, and begin. You progess and expand as fast or slow as you want to with the continuous economy, meaning that you pay for units and structures overtime, and being negative in the resources with have a prorated effect on how fast you can build. There are some early recommended build orders for early econ and scouting, but those are only for the first minute or so, after that, its all up to you. Do you want to rush hard? There are units and stuctures for that to make it viable. Do you want to quickly go for advanced warfare? There are units and stuctures for that to make it viable. Do you like turtling? There are units and stuctures for that to make it viable. Or do you want to screw it all and go for planet smashing? The amount of units and strtuctures this game provides are unreal. PA is also heavily macro based, meaning that to win you need very little to no micromangement. Yes, it does make your game better, but its really not necessary so long as you have an effective build order. Shift clicking with be your friend as you can have tens to hundreds (if you can handle that many) commands queued up at once so you can focus your efforts elsewhere for a time. It WILL take alot of multitasking to handle PA, and the matches can last from 18 mins to close to 2 hours. There are AI you can practice with and they are pretty damn smart. No, they are not broken, but they do scout ahead and plan accordingly, like human players should be doing, but if you want to just tinker around you can set there econ to zero and explore varying build orders/examine units.I give this game 20/10 stars for its design, gameplay mechcanics, limitless strategic and tactical options, and unreal replay value. You will not be bored from this game. This is one of the few games were I have ZERO complaints. Please please message me if you have any questions."
76561198094417528,Recommended,233250,10206182,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Gusser5527,After you killed a commander you hear: ''Annihaleted'' 10/10
,Recommended,233250,11574263,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Senor Helmut,"I used to play the original version of this game on my old Packard Bell... yeah, thats how long ago it was. So when I saw this croud-funded version, I had to try it.Unlike the original it is clearly not being made for the casual gamer. So if you're looking for a game you can play after work to waste a few hours, this is probably not going to be it. If however you are one of those who think video games should be a considered a professional sport (and be taken seriously), this may be the very thing you have been waiting for once they fix all the crazy bugs.This game is in ""Gamma"" at the time of this review. I'm not sure what ""Gamma"" is, other than being the next greek letter after ""beta"". The devs are possibly trying to say ""It's still buggy in wonky wierd ways, but we already got people to pay for it...""The only major complaint I have so far now that I have played for a bunch of hours is the complete lack of a tutorial. This game is super complex, and finding out that there are hidden functions throughout the game after several agonizing days is frustruating. Discovering that you can crash planets into your foes when the AI does it to you... at the end of a really long war... with no warning... that is just not cool, even if the effects are eye-poppingly amazing.Other complaints include the lack of an offline single player mode, and the strange bugs that resurface after updates. Currently the single player mode is online which can kill the playability of a epic game on a slow connection. The forums seem to indicate that it will be converted to an offline single player at/near release, but nobody knows for sure.So, all in all, regardless of the painfully slow online single player, the unsmashable bugs, and the rediculous learning curve, I still highly recommend this game now and hopefully in the future."
,Recommended,233250,11567298,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Submarine2,"A gmae I keep on going back to play, and keeps improving all the time."
76561198034068586,Recommended,233250,11568476,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,feilgood,"This game this really great. Every ptach drastically increases the games ability. There are a couple ""like"" products out there but no one really puts up anything close to this quality. Once they got the client / server lag ballance corrected it really increased the quality of the game. I cannot wait to see what else they come up with."
76561198069942973,Recommended,233250,11580275,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Aw.=w,I got feed up and smashed a moon into an enemy planet for the win.
76561198129578038,Recommended,233250,11583752,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,dro12881,"Massive RTS gameplay on the multi planetary level. The Galactic War single player campaign is terrific. Difficulty may take a little bit of a curve if you arent familliar with RTS's. Unlocking better stock loadouts made the campaign much easier than going in with just basic vehicles. The special loadout providing 2 subcommanders really cracked the game wide open for me. The map is displayed as a galactic system showing different dots as locations to be taken over if populated by an enemy commander. You can then search those planets for technology to adapt to your own loadout. Star systems not populated by enemy commanders will simply have technology of some kind for you to use or discard. Each system itself can be populated by several planets with different terrain types and available metal deposits. One planet systems are more common, followed by 2 planet systems and so on.Issues: Ive experienced a bug or two, but nothing too bad. Sometimes construction units will not have their available build list show on screen when selected or build units randomly not responding to move commands and just remaining stationary. They still build fine, but are location locked where ever they glitch up. Also: game seems to run worse with every patch. Perhaps its just my comp, but load times for picking your drop zone prior to landing and after victory seem like they are getting longer. Occational lag in game is pesky too. Not sure if server related or if i can blame my processor as problems are infrequent but very annoying. My experience with multiplayer is limited. Probably only spent about 10 hours of my game time on it, but it has recently become a BUILD ARTILLERY ASAP affair i hear due to range changes on the mobile artillery units which has thrown balance off a bit.I will still give this game 80/100. To hell with minor issues this game is in great shape already and has plenty of time to fix whatever problems it has."
76561198066279290,Recommended,233250,11587495,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Technostatic,"Not very many people like strategy games, I don't. But when I discovered Planetary Annihilation, I was hooked and wanted this game. This takes all strategy games to a whole new level. You don't even have a map! You have a solar system of planets to annihilate. Two things: If you like space, this is for you. If you like taking a planet, putting thrusters on it, then smashing it into the other base, this is for you. If you don't like either of those, there's no hope for you. This game is AMAZING! If you want it, either wait for it to go on sale, or just get it now (I prefer sale, it went to $16 once)."
76561198045787650,Recommended,233250,11611018,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Patto,"Awesome game, and very addicting !!"
,Recommended,233250,11555151,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,| Turncoat Sheep |,So far so good!
76561198056720409,Recommended,233250,11562594,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Hoxers,This game is awsome and will only imprve no unit limit along with a nice balance betwen air sea and land. this game soundtrack is awsomealong with galactic war. If you like strategy games this one you will love. i know idid
76561197994596133,Recommended,233250,11581214,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Demonic Sonic,This is onr of my favorit stratagy games. It also looks and acts like a game called R.U.S.E. which is ok but Si-Fi makes it 100 times beter.10/10
76561198024565515,Recommended,233250,11610879,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Vashta_Nerada,"The game is totally awesome, but what is not awesome is the fact that even your skirmishes against the AI and your galactic conquest games take place online, so if your internet isn't great you will be lagging significantly, or if the game is being played by lots of people or there are a lot of units the game also lags significantly. My computer can handle SC2 with a 5000 unit cap at max settings, so the lag cannot be on my end. It is the constantly online feature that almost ruins the experience especiallly when trying to run large battles with a lot of people. They need to implement an offline solution for AI skirmishes and glactic war and they need to optimize, or buy more, servers for people to play on. The current system is just too laggy to be as thoruoghly enjoyed as the game should be. I love this game, the gameplay is awesome, but the lag and online issues need to be worked out."
,Not Recommended,233250,11615364,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,TheSilverHammer,"This review is written in the Beta phase, Auguest 9th 2014, so keep that in mind.I loved the original TA and played it to death both single player and multi-player.  I also played the supreme comannder series too.Anway I got this at somewhat of a discount on the summer sale even though I normally like to stay away from any early access games because they had introduced the single player galatic war.In the single player galatic war, the AI was not too much of a challenge.  I ususally ended up with the same builds over and over and over.  It got quite monotonous.  Each world you beat you got some random tech which you may either already own, not be able to use (Advanced air when you do not have basic air) or on rare occasions something actually useful.    You had to take it or leave it because you have a limited number of tech slots (which you can find more of).  If you do not put it in a tech slot, you can't come back later to collect the tech.Anway, the effect was that you did not have the oppertunity to play with all or most of the techs in single player.The overall galatic war was boring.  After I finished it once, I had no desire to do it again.Then I tried multi-player.  I only played one game wich was 3 v 3.  There is a lot of stuff going on at once and it is hard to keep track of.  It also started getting very slow late in the game.  After like 45 minutes of this, I realised I was not really having fun and quit.I do not know what was wrong specifically, just that I was not having fun.  Part of it was when you have 6 planets to keep track of and a whole bunch of battle fronts, it can get very confusing as to know what is going on where.  I think the UI needs a lot of improvement to help you manage a war that takes place across multiple planets.If the game is cheap, and you are curious, then go ahead and buy it.  For me, I do not think there will be much change when the game is released because the release time, from what I understand is not to far off.  Basically they are in a balance / bug fix phase and what I see now is supposed to be what were going to get, less bugs and other minor issues.Or perhaps, I have just lost intrest in such kinds of games.  It has been a long time since I played what I considered a really good RTS game and that was C&C Generals: Zero Hour."
76561197971122238,Recommended,233250,11668107,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,bc_jeffro,just sweet
76561197971080222,Recommended,233250,11580588,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,KarateMonkey,"The game looks awesome, but don't buy it unless you're packing some decent graphics hardware. My GeForce8800 GT card happily runs all other steam games, but can't cope with Planetary Anihiliation. Somewhere on a forum they say you need a minimum of 1GB DDR5 Ram on your graphics card, with Shader 3.0/OpenGL 3.2+ support which my card doesn't have.This is a new generation of game though, which relies heavily on CUDA processing to render the worlds you do battle on. Upgrade your hardware if you need to (there are some interesting options for upgrading graphics hardware on older Macs!) and have a go."
,Recommended,233250,11293188,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,GreyBody,Very good game.
76561198030934543,Recommended,233250,11385989,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,=BA= BuckMyAsh,"For early acces this game is AWESOME the ability to ram a planet into your enemy is just too funny and when they put so much effort into that massive base only to have a planet smash into it is epic. However it does have its drawbacks  the orbital units are fun but it needs large ships for now its only satilite lasers and fighters I do hope that they add cruisers, frigates,and battleships. All that aside its a great game and worth getting the ground combat is great and navies while not usefull all the time when you need them they are a godsend the air combat is also well thought out. Definitely worth supporting the game."
,Recommended,233250,11388986,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Sgarro-VIX,"The current version is still far from complete but the game offers already a realy good RTS with massive scale battles and planet smashing!Get it only if you don't mind stability issues and you have a stable connection, otherwise wait for a more proper release in the future.This game is realy good!"
,Recommended,233250,9031173,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Simon,"This game is awesome.There is no game out there that is quite the same, i mean yes it's still quite buggy but i can forgive that.Not because it is still in beta, but also cause the the concept is so unique.A must buy(9/10)"
76561197995934142,Not Recommended,233250,12519259,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,vdmjohan,"It is not a finished game and now they are selling some content that you would expect to be part of the game as DLC. I have not been so disipointed in a purches in years, I will make sure not to buy another game of theirs in early access. and if they release another game I will check the review's first."
76561197973717905,Recommended,233250,10171314,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Hazzy,"PA.This game is fun, some intresting game play - The orbital units are hard to use.... every new build this seems to get better - however, as an RTS there is an underlaying issues - The main thing is I had fun playing :)"
,Recommended,233250,10156074,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,[FX] German,great game. Love the all the different ways to play
,Recommended,233250,10184015,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Chubbs,"I think this game will move CIV: 5 from number one favorite to second. This is now my favorite game. I love playing it, it's very fun. Everything it outstanding good, and it's only in ""gamma"" I can't wait to see this game when it's fully released and finished!!"
76561198016806836,Recommended,233250,8261280,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,legendary isacz,it seems fun but i dont get to play it every time i try it said the games has stopped working.  i wish i coulkd get my money back and give the game back
76561198065571989,Recommended,233250,13154602,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,that kind of orc,Think Supreme Commander but on a much larger scale. Played a couple of games and found that sniping an enemy commander from orbit is pretty satisfying.
,Not Recommended,233250,9367798,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,KQLY,"Let me start with the fact that i have been here since the kickstarter.Lets start with the lies.-Promised when official release, you can play offline-Promised intergalactic warfare. (to clarify, that means a hell of a lot more than 4-5 planets)-Promised somthing gamechanging and fun.okay, now that they have pulled EA esque shennigans, you might be able to look past a few flaws if it werent for the terrible servers, or the lack of optimization. i have a battletower (roughly $2000 in my custum rig) and it still lags like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The support is terrible, you hear back as often as from battlenet. you have to be logged in to save, and to access DLC. Worst of all, the software protection.You dont need to be logged in just for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles, its to protect thier game form being cracked.""wait a minute, hasnt the game already been cracked?""Why as a matter of fact, yes it has, playerbase.""so only the people BUYING the game are being punished?""Exactly.0/10, would not bang. go play supreme sommander."
76561198080389587,Recommended,233250,9371287,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Gains4Days,It's pretty dope
,Recommended,233250,9365905,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Chicken Chaser,Still in development but Loads of fun!! If you love RTS then get this game!!
,Recommended,233250,7781756,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Jayplaygame,"Mark my words, This game IS worth it.Although Planetary Annihilation is still in Gamma, it is still a very good game. It features totally free building and unit deployment. No limits to how much you can create. Realistic enough resources and it has a variety of planets you can start on and expand to. Just make sure your Commander (First Unit) stays alive and you will continue to Annihilate."
,Recommended,233250,7972847,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Court,LOVE IT.
,Not Recommended,233250,13751582,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Floinky,"I was suckered in to this pile of £$%"" like my daughter and a packet of skittles. I paid over £50 for it while it was in Alpha, unfortunately it hasn't lived up to any of the hype. Naff graphics, naff gameplay, Lag as soon as you get a decent amount of troops (and don't blame my PC, well over the spec of the likes of this game) and strangest and naffest of all it cant be played off line?!The only positive is that it was the last alpha I ever brought but is that a positive?"
76561198035329550,Not Recommended,233250,13861326,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,ajoshi,"This was a fun game, but it has a few major shortcomings:1. No tutorial. I had no idea what I was doing. Normally this wouldn't be a problem- In a game like Total War, or AoE I'd just pause the game and read all the text and figure out what did what. Buut2. No pause. Ok, there is a pause via the main menu. But I can't order my units from it. Why is this important you ask? Because I still have no clue what my damned units do, and I want to enjoy my game in a leisurely fashion. If total Annihilation, Supreme Commander, AoE and  Rise of Nations can do it, then I'm sure this game can as well.3. The Astraeus (which apparently is the only way to transport your units to another planet) carries one unit... And if you have 60 Astraeuses, you'd best be ready to click about 250 times to load your units and move the Astraeus away so other units can be loaded. And guess what happens when your attack wave fails? Hello Carpal Tunnel Syndrome4. The pathing is somewhat bad. Ok, it's pretty bad. Watching units be total idiots is somewhat funny. Maybe this should be a positive?5. There's no real  strategy. I fixed up my planet with loads of ion cannons to shoot out any invaders and then I bum rushed the enemy planet with aforementioned Astraeuses. Some might say ""hey, using cannon fodder is a strategy"", but I want a better AI. I actually wanted the AI to somehow take out my ion cannons, but nope. Even Command and Conquer has more strategy.6. I've only fought one enemy, but that guy had aircraft. How did he get aircraft? I have no clue. But I want them too, and I'm gonna complain until I get one!Some people hate that PA has no story. I'm no fan of a story-less game, but if gameplay is fun then it really doesn't matter. Unfortunatley, I don't see fun gameplay either because the issues above get in the way.The good: everything that's bad can be fixed! There's nothing inherently wrong with the game!"
,Not Recommended,233250,13897293,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,SomeDuder,"Promised to be great, but a big let down a few hours in. There's a spark of creativity here, a hint of greatness. It's ambitious, huge and not a bad looker.But it's no replacement for Forged Alliance Forever, which is what many people were hoping for. Only a handful of units and buildings, just 1 race/faction, awkward controls but worst of all - no ""experimentals""/T4/big stompy things. There's nukes, lasers and planet smashing, but it just doesn't give that feeling of having a Monkeylord ruining everyone's day...I'm sure that with plenty of development, all of the above can be fixed and this could really be a fantastic game. A modern game that actually uses all the latest hardware improvements (Supreme Commander was made for the 32-bit era) and robust netcode? Hell yes!Sadly, Uber has a reputation for ending development early (Monday Night Combat, Super MNC) and it looked like PA was gonna get the axe next when they announced Human Resources. A game which, if going by the trailer, also looked amazingly fun, original and creative. Fortunately, it didn't make it past it's Kickstarter phase, otherwise there'd be even less development on PA. I can't help but feel sorry for the people that paid the orignal price on Kickstarter and Steam ($90?)...tl;dr - not enough content and development time, but looks promising."
76561198001373434,Not Recommended,233250,13900770,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Iexo Peoa,"I was looking forward to this game for a long time, I followed it's development from start to finish, and it looked like it was going to be great.  As such, I couldn't understand why it would be on sale for so cheap on Steam, but I bought it.Sure enough, I found out, this game was a terrible disappointment.  Confusing, limited interface, lack of content, instability, and lack of optomization make this game almost unplayable by themselves, even with a high-end system and a GeForce GTX660.  This, coupled with lack of content and buggy gameplay make the game seem more like an early beta than a finished product.In addition, the AI, by means of nukes, teleporters, and unfathomable, near-instant force of numbers, become practically omnipotent within the first 2 minutes of the game, even on Normal (easy) mode, making the games difficult to win, and extremely short.  Most of the time, you don't even have time to explore the aspect of the game for which it was named, Planetary Annihalation.All this, combined with lack of variety, lack of content, lack of depth, and lack of customization of anything, remove from this game the key aspect of any game:  fun.Yes, I mentioned lack of content three times.  That's because every unit, from every faction, looks the same.  There is literally one set of units, for everyone.  The lack of content is so overwhelming that it boggles the mind how the developers could have overlooked such a glaring shortcoming. Maybe they just didn't care.Perhaps someday, this game will be finished properly and will be worth buying, but from the looks of things, I highly doubt it.  The best thing that could come of this game is the possibility that real game designers, who also followed the development of PA, and who were just as disappointed by what it ended up being, might decide to build a game themselves, that's everything Planetary Annihalation should have been.As for this game now, I would highly recommend against buying it, unless it's dirt cheap, you want something to occupy an hour or two of your time before being permanently uninstalled, and don't mind frustration, bugs, and horrendously poor performance."
,Not Recommended,233250,13904912,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,JeraWolfe,"[[UPDATE: My previous review is no longer valid. I'm currently playing the Single Player Mode that was recently introduced. It seems much has changed. I may happily be eating my previous words, but lets see how the game plays.]]I do not recommend buying this game.Even on sale.It will never be finished, and in its current stage, while being playable, it is not very enjoyable. You can tell a lot was waiting to be added, and simply wasn't.It's a generic battle between generic units on a layered map with difficult controls to manage everything. Polish and more content was promised, the years, yes, years, have dragged on.Supreme Commander 2 is superior to this in almost everyway, save map size. Even map selection, with SupCom 2's limited map list, is a better bargain, at a fraction of the price.Let me tell you what you can not expect if you get this game:An enjoyable RTS experience. It is RTS, it is an experience. It is just clunky, confusing, and difficult to manage.A single player campaign. At all. There isn't one. There was supposed to be, it was in the original features and many of the players that funded it early looked forward to it.Triving multiplayer community. There isn't one. The last three times I was on their servers, there was no one on, so this leaves only the AI to play.Which brings us too...Engaging AI. It doesn't exist. It's throws masses of units at you, and it doesn't really do anything else. There is some avoidance of your defenses, but once it can overwhelm them with numbers, it does so. It plays more like tower defense early in your early curve, and later like beating a simple and very direct RTS player.Any updates or DLC. There won't be any. In order for there to be DLC, the game must actually be finished, and the game is not finished.Exciting new world. There is no lore, no story, no world really. You're just robots and bases fighting for... resources to build more robots and bases. Yep. Same premise as Warhammer 40k, actually, endless war. But without the lore, unit diversity, cool graphics, special effects, tactical and strategic layers.I do heartily recommend Supreme Commander 2, or even AI Wars. Both Available here on Steam."
,Not Recommended,233250,13909262,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Nemlin,"Updated*.What a mediocre reboot of a great classic, I didn't even spend that long playing it before I started to hate it.Neat idea, not so great.When this first went up onscamkickstarter I was skeptical to begin with, It's easy to ride to success on people's nostalgia, then they launched it at a stupidly high price tag for an unfinished game, I steered well clear.Only now have I picked it up after price cuts and sales.Straight away impressions:What's with the bland tiny planets? Why bother putting naval units in the game if there are only little ponds to splash around in?Sound is average, UI design is poor and slow, some unit models are poor, tutorials are poor and the combat is unsatisfying.At times it feels like im playing with one of those puzzle balls, the whole round planet idea is cool but very distracting, I'd like to have much larger planets to play with and an option to 'flatten' the game map so it's not painful to navigate.Later Impressions*:It can be fun, but if you're expecting anything like the classic Total Annihilation, Look elsewhere, This is more frantic unit rushing than strategic base building.Matches feel the same so it gets boring quick and there's nothing really to them other than massing the same kind of units and zerging the opposition.Disappointing. 4/10.I only hope none other of my favourite sci-fi RTS' get a 'modern' reboot.(I'm looking at you Space Clash)"
76561198015988840,Not Recommended,233250,13911656,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Rusher,i never played a game with more glich's in my life then this. i never finshed one game without the game breaking.two games i tryed the start fight butten would not go away. then the whole game started blinking.  finsh your game. plz
,Not Recommended,233250,13919481,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,夢凪,Why don't support 1024*768????? I wanna cry!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,233250,13932382,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Terrian,"This is Supcom with needlessly large gameplay space (I don't subscribe to the idea that playing on multiple maps at once actually helps the game), way less interesting units (and no experimentals), no SP campaign (story, missions etc.) and the inability to save mid-game. Also, the ""planetary annihilation"" gimmick is way less interesting in reality than it is on paper."
,Not Recommended,233250,13953153,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,|v£|Frozen DDD,"Given the changes, while the old review is likely still valid, you should consider more importantly: The Game have been abandoned for TITANS. Basically they needed more money when their Kickstarter for their ""new"" game failed, so they basically added what Planetary Annihilation was missing, and then sold it as a new game (and while you did get a discount for owning this, then really??). So no, I cannot in any shape or form recommend this. If you don't mind supporting their terrible strategy, then get TITAN - the game this should have been from the start - though it also doesn't run all too great.------------------------------------------------------------Sadly, while I would have loved to recommend this title, if it was as advertised originally, it isn't - There is a lot of bugs and problems, such as a persistent game breaking bug that has prevailed for several patches. I have yet to finish a single solo skirmish and has to continually exit and re-enter multiplayer games to even finish a match, due to this bug.The bug is related to the UI, causing the UI to completly lock-up making it impossible to do anything other than observe the game. Google it for more information.That said, you can be one of the lucky ones that will not ever experience this bug. I am uncertain as to what the cause, and I am not alone in that. The developers has been looking into it, and then claiming it was fixed, done nothing.It should also be mentioned that if you dream of a vast galaxy with multiple planets to play on, the game will usually drop the framerate to a crawl (or standstill) if you have more than 8 planets in a system (and that is one a high spec rig). So yea, bugs, bad optimization and now also abandoned..Don't Buy"
,Not Recommended,233250,11616962,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Flib,"Can't play without setting up an account with them and being permanently logged in. Single player games should not require an always-on connection.No, I am not going to create yet another account just for one game."
76561198065650316,Not Recommended,233250,12091509,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,pvt.blue,not finished not polished but kinda fun  and single player is a bit dull but also kinda fun. but my god! one loss and all progress made is gone!?!?! this coupled with random 4v1 stompfests where the enemy also have every tech in the game just ♥♥♥♥ you Planetary Annihilation ♥♥♥♥ you. i did a single player run and took half the map and didnt have hardly any tech for it then suddenly this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. no.
76561197989902003,Not Recommended,233250,13605901,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Macragge13,i like this game cuz its cool. but it sucks when u cant even play the damn thing cuz of exe issue
,Not Recommended,233250,13901370,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,LiquidAvatar,"(1/8/15) Short and simple, Planetary Annihilation is a buggy, unfinished product that should not have come out of Early Access.  I'll update this review if they fix the game, but for now avoid it."
76561198068484152,Not Recommended,233250,13936520,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,UFO,"i bought this game at alpha stage for something like $80  and play about 18 hours in total  because it was in alpha stage, and we all know its not a fully developed game yet but it was very buggy but , to see its now for about $6 as a weekend sale and still not any better from alpha stage i dont recomend it, i feel very ripped off paying $80 for alpha i mean, 30 could have been fine but this game isnt worth buying, i had high hopes this game, im very let down =[ it had so much potential to become more than it is... 4/10"
76561198131424380,Not Recommended,233250,13940282,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,lordfazi,"it can be fun ,but at the moment its not complete ,full of bugs ,lagggg ,crash"
,Not Recommended,233250,13947685,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,StealthyDead,"This game is nothing but a huge number-f***.  It's a race to see who can produce the most units in the shortest amount of time.  After playing the buhjeezus out of Command and Conquer, I was expecting something of that nature.  This has no skill involved in the art of warfare.  Simply build, build fast, attack fast.  Otherwise, if you're slower than your opponent, you lose.  Also, the display is small, hard to read, and there was no tutorial that I found.  Simply throws you in-game with a small, obviously low-budget, cut-scene.  This is all without pointing out that if you have a laptop, you might as well forget it.  Nothing but a giant fps drain every time you go into battle due to the ludicrous number of units needed to do so.  Very disappointed in this.  Again, nothing but speed involved in playing.  I would be outraged if I had paid full price.  Luckily I only wasted $6 on it thanks to the sale.  Will be uninstalling after posting this.  Waste of time."
,Not Recommended,233250,13952872,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Cerby,"What an incomplete mess.  Aside from the crashes, broken AI, and sillly bugs that I'd expect to see in an Alpha, the game itself just FEELS incomplete.Units aren't balanced, moving from planet to planet is such a cool mechanic.  Too bad you can't invade an AI planet because you only have one type of landing craft, that can only carry one unit!  Try landing that on a planet that has 100 aircraft defending it.  Even if you dominate their orbit, landing on the planet of a tough AI or player is damn near impossible.Galactic War?  Great idea for SP, but no story and can't save mid-mission.  Fighting the bosses 3v1 takes HOURS AND HOURS and you CAN'T SAVE.Forget this game, it is an insult to the series.  Reinstall Supreme Commander and forget about this piece of crap."
76561198156842350,Not Recommended,233250,13915142,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Psycho-Sor,meh
,Not Recommended,233250,12262388,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,BACK TO THE KITCHEN WOMAN,"Is this game good in this current phase? No . . . just stay away from this game until it actually manages to fix itself along with the rest of the problems.I first saw this game thinking it was something that looked really good . . . I was quickly disapointed and I couldn't even finish a game. This game basically requires internet connection THE WHOLE TIME. The servers are a quick disapointment I wish I got a refund so I could buy a actual game that would let me play and finish a game. Eventually this game will probaly fix itself, but you require internet connection the whole time and with those crappy servers, I can't even play single player . . . you require connection for that. Just wait until this game improves before you even think of buying this game."
76561198051167551,Recommended,233250,13790719,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,jamie26,10/10
76561198073318357,Recommended,233250,13850292,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Butters,It was fun until I saw that the lowest level of AI can beat the hell out of me.10/10 would get annihilated again
,Not Recommended,233250,13902048,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,CAWCAWCAWCAWCAWCAWCAWCAWCAWCAW,It isn't finished.  Been playing on and off for a good amount of time and things were steadly improving.  But when I saw that it went from early release to a full blown release I was honestly shocked.  The game doesnt feel finished yet.  There's still a lot of bugs to fix and the UI needs an overhaul.  The cherry on the top was when I got an email about a week later asking me to back them on their newest project.  Why the hell would I do that when they haven't even finished up this one?  Straight up insulting.  I dont plan to support these guys on any of their future projects and I'll sure to discourage all my friends from picking up any of their games as well.I'll end with this:  Planetary Annihilation has potential.  Tons of it in fact.  But it needs more work before I can justify recommending this game to anyone.
76561198022377682,Not Recommended,233250,13915044,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,le wolf,it doesnt run plain and simple it crashes every time ive checked the cache and lowered the settings and it still crashes
76561198008341131,Not Recommended,233250,13915283,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,RangerJoe,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!But...It crashes about 1000 times when I try to play, so there really is no point to play. All of my friends say the same thing happens to theirs, so before you say my computer is messed up it's not. It's a great concept, but until I can play a match without it crashing, this game is a piece of junk. I would recomend it to everyone I know, but not now. So my vote is no.FIX IT!!!"
,Not Recommended,233250,13917297,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Bemoteajh,"Expected more of this game than I should have comming from SupCom and Forged Alliance.If you havent played any of the Total Annihilation type games then this is a good game to try.If you have played the others then dont bother, It has nothing over the other games."
76561197995653890,Not Recommended,233250,13919680,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,nothingtaken,ter·ri·bleˈterəb(ə)l/adjectiveextremely or distressingly bad or serious.
,Recommended,233250,10399406,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Seeds,"I would just like to start by saying that this review was written while the game was n the TESTING stage.Features/Complaints/Compliments may not transfer to the released title.So far i've played a decent amount of the game and I love the game, however its extremely clunky and can be drastically improved. Things i would like to see improved upon:-The UI seems barely responsive (regardless of graphic settings)-A Graphical Tech Tree, showing Units, whats required to make them, stats, and a demonstration clip of the unit-Customizable Commander Skins, this would allow me to create the Commander that i represent with, as opposed to some of the pre-created models.-More Differing Race styles, I understand it makes sense with the story for them to be near identicle, however some variation between preference for air units/ground units wouldnt hurt.Probably my greatest problem is the lack of new player startup, for the first part of the game if i wasnt so determined to learning the game and playing it through, i probably would have given up and uninstalled. The game needs some better scaling for intruduction to newer players.Ways this could be improved on, would be a Tier based skirmish mode, where you can start at a particular tier during a match against an AI or against another player. Another thing that could assist with this would be to have the option in game lobbies to set it to start each player on their own planet in a galaxy. While speaking of this ability, it may also be beneficial to add other options aswell, a game that did this really well wasCivilization V, with TONS of variety, making player want to try different things.Camera controls need some work aswell, when i move my mouse left and right, it should move based on the equator, not the current position i'm facing on the planet. This slight tweak would make things a whole lot easier for control of where your camera is position as opposed to spamming ""N"" to realign with the poles.In regards to casual players, those are all the issues i can forsee keeping these players from getting more involved with the game. If Planetary Annihilation is looking to make a dent on the competitive scene with its massive Multiplayer Galactic Warfare (which just SOUNDS AWESOME), it will need a few dedicated people to just coordinating between multiple individuals (The Captains/Commanders/Generals), while having others do the base management, and army control. Personally, i see this working best by having Shared unit control/resources while also making the necesity of a commander to play removed. The commander is an great unit, and losing it (and never be able to rebuild it) should be its own penalty as opposed to wiping out all units (including ones on other planets).Any further discussion would be pure speculation, but i look  forward to seeing what the Dev's have in store for us, and I look forward to playing the game as it gets closer and closer to release. This game has great potential to be the next ""Broodwar"", and a look forward to updating this review once we get closer to the release of the game.Thankyou for all your hard work, it is greatly appreciated-Seeds (aka Kor_Boy)"
76561198076568656,Recommended,233250,15758596,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Bloody Spear,good game id play it again but you can never win i multyplayer match graphics are ok but air units are just over used so is space so really unlees you get the best space stuff or air you lose ya but i still would play it again 7/10
,Recommended,233250,16485201,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,nattyrez,I recommend this game to anyone that has played Total Annihilation or Supreme Commander.You might find some of the many faults or not trust the developer but at the current SUMMER SALE price of $4.49.... I can't see why anyone would pass this up.
76561198009169666,Recommended,233250,13184779,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Galk the Bloody,"Love the game, dont trust the haters. They are just mad things in a CONCEPT video arent in the game. Other than that the game is fun as hell."
76561198041611157,Recommended,233250,13185432,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,tamira750,this is a great game!And its ALOT better than the day that I bought itits stable! and you can play it offline if you want !I'll buy any DLC to support it because it has a great potential!update: I have all the DLCs!
,Recommended,233250,13186194,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,- RJ -,Great game. Was super fun to be apart of the game growing. Hours of fun. Great buy
76561198067219018,Recommended,233250,13187620,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Linkindorf,You can launch planets at your enemies.Best game 10/10
76561198112855311,Recommended,233250,8478176,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,AJ,Get this game at all costs
,Not Recommended,233250,13596541,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,The Emprah,"Not finished, yet another EA developer betraying their players by pushing a half-finished game to the market as a full release to capitalize on the Christmas sale."
,Recommended,233250,13616681,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,IKEA,Loads of my mate's and we all got this game and what do we say ?we love it really fun playing aginst is not easy and they like to fast track you and so first thing to do is scan your planet for them and then expand we all love it and i dont see what all hate about game really fun
,Not Recommended,233250,13631539,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Nalle88,Devs money grabbed.
,Recommended,233250,13639234,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,LitNight,"Overall this game is fun and enjoyable to play, despite the issues with lag and other concerns playing this game such as no real tutorial; I thought this game was fun to play.I would however agree with the fact that there isn't much strategic diversity as there is only one faction so everyone has access to the same units which is both good and bad but I mainly feel that this game could be so much more having some alien race faction to also compliment the game or just anything in that matter. For those of you new to the game you will struggle playing against other players who learn the latest strategies and which strategies dominate.I mean I've not played many RTS's in my time but I do enjoy the genre, and this was refreshing seeing battles happen on a solar level as it is a really cool concept. I do hope that this game will continue to be updated and hopefully a major update to the game so that it feels new and fresh and that it will live up to the hype this game has recieved.Like I said, I did enjoy this game, but I mainly only played multiplayer games and that's what I like to do in general. The single player is lacking as I don't really feel there's much to it. So if you're looking for a fun single player game I don't this game is for you in it's current form. If you're a really competitive RTS player then this will definitely take up some hours playing this game and enjoying it.I would rate this game a 3/5 based on personal experience with the game. (Mainly its multiplayer)."
,Recommended,233250,13774989,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Androgynous Pineapple,A cross between Supreme Commander and Universe Sandbox with a hint of Farming Simulator. A really fun RTS that will make you urinate out of sheer horror.
,Recommended,233250,13910338,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Saint bepis,"Good game, but doesn't always work."
76561198074931564,Recommended,233250,13921377,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,glug,"Really fun and well designed,Intense fire-fights,strategic planning and a whole load of EXPLOSIONS! This is one of the best rts's of the decade. I highly recommend this to fans of strategy,fun and Sci-fi."
76561198065352818,Not Recommended,233250,13594000,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,mrplow216,"I heard about this game years before it was released. What was said about it made me shout with joy, because I love Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander, and most of the developers worked on one of the two. Then, I bought the game when it was on sale during early access for something like $30. I started the game up, started playing... and met severe disappointment. There is little variation in units, which was what I first noticed. However, I thought that was because it was early access. I was wrong. They haven't added new units. What I noticed next was that the naval units are bad. This may have been the worst realization, because I have always excelled at naval battles. Finally, the bugs. The BUGS! The bugs are terrible. Countless times my game has crashed for no apparent reason.All in all, the game did not reach the expectations that it set for itself."
76561198073888380,Recommended,233250,13601087,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Dan ghenis,"I bought it because you can crash moons into planets, but the rest is cool too.10/10 would crash moon into planet again"
,Recommended,233250,13630556,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,strahmdude,"This game is honestly the most fun I have had with RTS! It is single handedly my favorite RTS. Let me break it down.First let me say this, this game may not be labeled a beta but it is a beta. Keep that in mind.Units: 6.5/10bots could use a bit more love with anti air and stuff, but overall a very good mix. Though all could use a bit more specified unit to add more strategy.honestly though, I don't use the navel units much, so I can't say much about of thoughts.Now of course, units always need balancing. This is why I said this is still a beta.They should remove the combat fabricators and re-add the anti land/range and anti air.They also should remove the pelican, because there is little point to it, and re-add the Peregrine as advanced anti air.graphics: 8/10It uses it's limitation with graphics very well! It has a nice cartoony feel and they made sure to keep them simple to avoid lag. Lag in a RTS is very important to avoid! However I can understand the want for some more detail when 2 planets collide.Note: if they add the planet smashingSound: 8/10The sound is overall. very good. Honestly I don't pay attention to it that much as I am furiously managing everything. The sounds are good, but I can see the want for more unit sounds.gameplay: 7/10hotkeys could use some work. While you can still quickly select everything, you could still be given the option to editing the hotkeys and make some always available hotkeys, so you can customize everything to your play style. Overall more customization with the buttons!single player campaign: 1.0625/10The entire process as it exists should just be removed. You are better off jumping into a AI battle. Honestly they should have set up maybe something like it with slow unlocks of different types of units, so you can explore it. Overall the current campaign is a waste of time and money. With the current version, they wasted time making the current campaign.Also, starting all over when your commander dies?! REALLY?!It should be replaced with a tutorial that slowly teaches you the game and puts you in different situations.other:With how important mods are, they need to add steam workshop already. It would make the game infinitely better!overall: 6.5/10the reason it is 6.5 out of 10 is because the lack of tutorial makes it so much worse! They rely on the community for everything way too much!do I recommend the game? Yes. The reason is it is overall a chaotic fun experience! However I would NEVER buy this game at full price! Around 50% off at the least. You will waste your money if you buy it at full price. They game is not worth $30! It is worth around $18."
76561198074361605,Recommended,233250,13694871,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,RedMunV2.0,"This game is awesome, the only flaw is that there is no easy mode so i can win easier"
76561198023649205,Recommended,233250,13911661,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,MartinZeSpartan,"I've barely had much time to play this game but from what little i've played so far i'm really impressed, the game itself is a simple yet original concept, blow everything in exsistince up, the mechanics are typical of an RTS and the gameplay short but sweet, this is a must have of fans of the RTS genre and is definatily worth the time and money"
76561198035237334,Recommended,233250,13920325,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,disturbing_the_peac,i paid early Access! 69.99 and i dont get any special love for bveing a pre pre order i played this wen it was not playable!!! BUT NOW ITS REALLY GOOD! WEN IT WORKS!
,Not Recommended,233250,13702962,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Vhaine,"REQUIRED:  Must create another useless account for a site (PlayFlab) I will literally never ever visit.  Just another example of what's wrong with the industry.  Had I realized, I never would have spent money.  Just completely sick of stuff like this.   Hey devs, we use steam to access your game.  Isn't that's enough?"
76561198056093645,Not Recommended,233250,13777214,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Scribinator,"I love the game, it is really entertaining and can have you playing for hours.  But it definently has its faults, big ones to.  If you lose connection to play fab or the server goes down you lose your game, this makes it impossible to play online with other friends.  This is also extremely frustrating when spend almost an hour in a game and it kicks you and whoever else is in the game out with no way to continue playing.  This has happened to just about every one of my online games recently and we have become so old of it and have stopped playing the game.  Also there are some other minor things like units getting stuck and taking alternate paths and small stuff like that.  But until this server issue is resolved, the game is not fun."
,Recommended,233250,13835772,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Euron Greyjoy,its ok
76561197993375813,Recommended,233250,13900752,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,1-800-IEA-TASS,">Bought game during Christmas Sale>Start Game>Alone On Earth, AI on Mars>feelsgood.jpg>Take over the moon>Enemy lands single unit on Earth>De-orbit moon and crash it into the Earth>mfw10/10"
,Not Recommended,233250,13911525,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Confused African,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! it doesnt work in any offline mode even in singleplayer. This wouldnt be much of an issue if you could ever get in contact with the server. Everytime i try to play it just says connection to server lost. Cant play the game at all! even though its on sale its definetlyt not worth buying. this isnt even a complete game yet things are missing!
76561198064410540,Not Recommended,233250,13917187,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Pink Horror,"When I played this game, after the early access period, it still felt unfinished. The first thing I remember at this point is not being able to click on some missions at the top of the campaign map. I just couldn't scroll up there at all. That was one little annoying bug among many. There were also plenty of crashes and bad AI behavior, like any other unfinished game.And mentioning the campaign map, well, I don't want to imply this game has a story. Each mission was the same thing over and over with no difference other than different-looking planets.Like many other RTS games, the game's often over before you get to the cool stuff that makes this game look good.After buying this game and playing around three hours, I doubt I'll ever play it again."
76561197992939821,Recommended,233250,13920474,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Jones K,"This game got poor ratings but regardless I have had an amazing time playing it and I believe it deserves an 80 out of 100 after whatever updates you may wish to mod it with. Good times and good gaming,"
76561198015449105,Not Recommended,233250,13640407,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,VictorK85,No proper single player. Planets looks the same and they are small. Transport of units form one planet to another is a nightmare. I though it will bring fresh breeze to the RTS games. I wish I could turn back time and save my wasted money.
,Recommended,233250,13709054,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Olliepommy,♥♥♥♥♥es on my♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,233250,13785833,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,DREWSEPH,"awesome, just completely great in every way, however it is a bit buggy at times"
,Recommended,233250,13829039,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Sme4gle,"Quite fun strategy game where you will need another strategy on EVERY game because not even one game will be the same. You also got alot of options to give the final faceslap to your enemy, you can go in with loads of tanks, or go with the Annihilazor which vaporizes entire planets.It is one of the few strategy games I play, And I would really recommend this to anyone!"
,Recommended,233250,13838121,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,error90,I was so excited to play this game  but I have to admit that Planetary Annihilation is far from a finished game... but still I enjoy playin' this even is not so good.
,Recommended,233250,9366598,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,PrestonGaming,ONe thing I CAN SAY ABOUT THIS GAME......... ITS AWSOMEEEEEEEEEEEEE
76561198074490663,Recommended,233250,13154995,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Melvin O'Houlihan,It is a really good game it is a bit hard to get used to but it gets better the longer you play it
76561198045729947,Recommended,233250,13184759,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,SafestPlane911,<3
,Recommended,233250,13189230,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Sephiroth,love this game really takes me back to lanning supreme commander
,Recommended,233250,8407805,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Don Cael,Just....awesome.
,Recommended,233250,12104227,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Cherry Soda,5 minutes into a gameFinaly have advanced  bot factoryMoon gets destroyed by death beam.GG 12/10 G.O.T.Y
,Recommended,233250,12544896,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,MajorWoody,"Greedier than Trump, Catchier than Bernie, More scandalous than Clinton, and More punchable than Cruz; Who am I?Uber Entertainment"
76561198040150966,Recommended,233250,13597053,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,honeynut_ichiro,"Deep RTS with the space exploration, but if you play a match and the opponent ends up being on the same planet as you it's  short match indeed. Long story short, interplanetary battles=fantastic, innerplanetary battles=way too easy."
,Recommended,233250,13632355,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Zach,"An agressive, gritty war of attrition. Very fun."
76561198095335449,Not Recommended,233250,13640145,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,HappilyWacky,"If steam would refund, this game would be forever be forgotten. This game can't even start properly, now that isn't even worth a single cent !I feel cheated. Thank goodness it's just RM10+ but I would want a refund !Not at all recomended."
,Recommended,233250,9861554,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,MadMod,"It's a REALLY good game so far, but there is a HUGE issue I found with this game. First, lemme say that if you intend to get this, but you have slow internet or have intentions to playing via LAN, then don't get it.... yet. It is INCREDIBLY laggy if you have internet like 5mbps (which is all I can get at this moment), as they do all of the AI via their servers. It also makes having more than one planet a pain, even in sandbox. Also, the LAN functions aren't implemented yet, but if you don't care about single player offline or LAN, then this is ""almost"" worth the 50 bucks.The only reason why I recommended this game is because I know this would all be fixed, along with a few other problems. The gameplay possibilities are endless. One thing that I notice that wasn't on the game yet was asteroids, but I'm sure that would also be added too. It kinda reminds me of a mix of Spore and Kerbal Space Program, except everyone are robots built for war."
,Recommended,233250,10708671,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Actimel,"If it is on sale buy it, the game promises a lot, it is fun right now although buggy sometimes and with a limited number of units."
76561197971485579,Recommended,233250,10280628,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,godpuppet,Really fun! Really addictive! Takes me back to my TA days in ways SC never could!
76561198046722204,Not Recommended,233250,13904310,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Chocpoo,It's ♥♥♥♥. Mostly positive reviews? Bee-Ess
76561197995980141,Recommended,233250,13595032,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,hashkak,"This is one of the finest games I have ever purchased.PA takes RTS games somewhere they've never gone before, which is an incredible feat."
76561198007414341,Not Recommended,233250,13607686,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ghost,"Bought it and can't play it. My computer can run most games with ease but this game even on low settings just doesn't work. As soon as the commander lands on the planet it will start building as i tell it to with no problems what so ever, and then sudenly it will just crash. The loading is laggy, the main menu is slow and laggy. I rekon if this game actually worked it would probabaly be pretty fun, but because it won't even let me actually play it I'm not gonna even bother. If you're a computer whiz unlike me and know how to fix or sort out these kind of bugs then go ahead and get this game. If you're not, then don't bother because this is just stuid and ridiclous. Looks like it would be a pretty good and fun game, but I can't even play it so, no, I would not reccomend."
76561197983509310,Not Recommended,233250,13630182,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,DrWonderpants,"This game is terrible. It's nearly impossible to navigate the map, and the computer's only strategy is to spam as many units as possible to swarm over anything you try to assemble.  Ships are pointless. Defenses are pointless, when clouds of airplanes can simply fly through them and destroy the key buildings you are attempting to defend.  Long build-up phases are then made pointless by frantic battles that finish in seconds, with the armies smashing into one another. Even if you win, unless you have a river of troops reinforcing you, the computer will have rebuilt by the time you can cross an 8th of a planet's surface."
76561198048401515,Recommended,233250,13702610,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Phat_TruckerDave,I like this game.Pros:cartoony graphicsannialationexplosionssci-fiCons:laggyno save optioncannot play offine
76561198043847819,Recommended,233250,13708500,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Ooga Booga,"I bought this game expecting it to be a futuristic version of Age of Mythology (I'm a big fan of the Age Of series) but man was I wrong. What seperates this game from Age Of games is that it is really really fast paced. Games usually only last between 10-20 minutes. In addition, this game is entirely unique with how resources work in game and how the map is set up per game. Instead of a single planet being the map or battlefield, you have multiple planets in which you can inhabit and move back and forth from. I thoroughly enjoy playing this game because of how unique it is, and highly recommend it to anyone seeking a fast paced game. My only problem is it runs fairly slow on my machine, but that shouldn't be a problem to anyone who actually spent some money on a computer and not picked theirs up at a garage sale."
76561198119656869,Recommended,233250,13811594,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,harry.clinkscales,This game reminds me of TA Kingdoms and is a fantastic scifi RTS that is easy to pick up and loads of fun.
76561198083616708,Recommended,233250,13834413,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,The Great Rice God,"So far, not a very new-player friendly game. There's a player guide, which helps, but no tutorial. Also, the difficulty settings start right at normal and proceed to absurd, with no easier difficulty for new players to ease into. But, this game has a lot of potential. The concept and units are very good, not to mention you can smash asteroids into planets.8/10"
,Recommended,233250,13904922,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,"""${benaryorg}""","Great game, really!There is always new content, the game concept is old but gold and the graphics are as good as the moment when you use the Annihilaser to destroy the enemy's planet."
,Recommended,233250,11375912,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,samurai saudi,"It looks good but i can't play it first it always crashed after i tried to play it and now it says that steam isn't available please help         :,( been trying to play this game ever since i got steam and my dad got steam in 2001 i think please help"
,Recommended,233250,13578617,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Evo_F,"If you love sci-fi RTS gameplay and happen to be keen on micromanagement, or just like seeing things blow up (repeatedly), Planetary Annihilation is well worth the asking price.****DISCLAIMER: This game is highly recommended only if you know your stuf when it comes to RTS games. Planetary Annihilation is difficult, and downright hostile, if you are using it as an entry into the RTS scene. DO NOT make Planetary Annihilation your first RTS. Instead, it is best to make it your NEXT one.****Taking control of your Commander - a single, all-powerful unit that also acts as a VIP for your army to protect - it is your job to build and control as much land as possible, while out-producing your enemy by building Land Vehicles, Naval Vehicles, Air Vehicles, and Bots in order to overwhelm their base. In systems with multiple planets and moons, players can expand into a special Orbital layer to take units to other celestial bodies and gain resources and a foothold there.I feel it is only fitting to go through the game piece by piece, breaking down exactly what the game has and what it lacks.GRAPHICSThe trailer and gameplay videos make the graphics in this game seem like nothing special. Pretty basic, almost cartoonish. However, this just adds to the almost comic mayhem that ensues in every game, and the graphics in the game look exactly like they do in the trailers - planets, units, everything. The HUD, however, has changed dramatically.SOUNDThe score is awesome and dynamic - it changes to fit the situation in your present game. It becomes loud and fast-paced if you're encountering an attack, and is generally calm (although tense) if you're at peace. Various audio cues will guide you when monumental events occur, although some sound effects seem to be straight-up missing. Generally, the sound is solid and it helps the game dramatically where it can.GAMEPLAY (Singleplayer Campaign/Galactic War)Now, here's where the game gets a bit fuzzy. The Galactic War gamemode is designed to be a new kind of campaign. You traverse a procedurally-generated galaxy, encountering other factions and finding new technologies, granting you access to other units that you can use in skirmishes within systems. Unfortunately, the GW mode seems empty, half-baked, or simply not thought out properly. The method by which you find other factions and techs seems random, a spasmatic click-fest across the screen to get from point a to point b. Upon encountering another faction, your ***ONLY*** choice is to fight them. As much as it might seem optional, looks can be deceiving - the game makes it physically impossible to backtrack in any circumstance, so if you come across a fight you're not ready for, you're dead. And the best part? No checkpoints! You die, you die. That's the end of it. The ""Annihilation is final"" is understandable and more forgiveable, and it does add a good deal of tension to the game, but when you combine it with the whole ""forced fight"" system, it becomes downright frustrating. Sheer frustration has forced me to just end many a game session, and I have given the Galactic War as many chances as I feel it deserves. Which is, to say, a lot.GAMEPLAY (AI Skirmish/Normal Skirmish/Multiplayer)The skirmishes themselves - fights in systems and on planets - are insanely fun and well-assembled. While they may not be too fun in GW because some units and buildings are locked, normal skirmishes against AI or other people can become hectic and fun very quickly. The bigger the system, the more Planetary Annihilation lives up to its affectionate community moniker: ""Micromanagement: The Game."" The ""keep your commander alive"" system adds a good deal of depth to each battle and by itself gives you numerous battle strategies. Will you use your commander as a powerful military unit? What about surrounding him with heavier assault units to defend him? Or better yet, just send him to another planet entirely? The multiple types of units also provide plenty of opportunity for diversion and creativity. While the tier 1 units of each type basically do the same thing, the tier 2 units get even more specialized. The unit type you decide to start with will undoubtedly shape your whole game. Start with Bots (infantry), and you could be controlling swirling masses of machine-gun bots in the thousands. Start with Vehicles (ground), and your army could be flame-throwing tanks. Start with Air, and you could bomb your enemies into oblivion nonstop. Start with Naval, and.....well, nobody really likes naval units. Finally, the Orbital units are powerful with limitless capabilities. Feel like sniping your enemy from right above their head? Start building SXX Laser Platforms. What about having intense dogfights in space? Better build some Avengers. Every new unit is a new avenue for destruction, annihilation, and victory. The AI tends to be incredibly hard to fight, even on Normal levels of difficulty. I've found that the best way to ease into the game is to find a friend or two who also plays the game, and have them train you. Believe me, it's much more fun to destroy one of your friends than it is to destroy some AI brain with no soul.Overall Rating: 8/10While most of the singeplayer elements seem half-baked, Planetary Annihilation is a game with limitless potential, not to mention an insanely fun multiplayer experience.Highly recommended at current asking price."
76561198050126357,Recommended,233250,13601626,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,MascoTT,not many games of this genre can meet this quality of gameplay :D
,Not Recommended,233250,13611696,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Helveticus,Not a fun game. Also still♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off by the ENORMOUS early access trap these guys pulled.
,Not Recommended,233250,13626231,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Epos ProductionZ (YouTube),this game is so bad i will♥♥♥♥♥♥the dvelopers' mothers
76561197999484371,Not Recommended,233250,13630772,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,StimJunky,"Sadly, I thought this would be a fun rst, however there is surprisingly very little strategy or tactics to this game.  The units are very basic and encourge you to mass units and just zerg your enemy.  I was really disappointed in how they decided to handle technology unlocks.  There is no way for you to research or even tech up in game.  Instead you get randon cards for each planet you vist.  These cards grant you a bonus to build time or new building options.  The downside is you can only carry a very limited amount with you at the same time, and they are completly random.Couple all this with the fact that there is no tutorial, so new players are left to fumble through this learning process with a very basic UI.   I am glad I didn't shell out the $60 when this first came to Steam, although I was tempted to.  I paid $7 for this game while it was on sale and I am not 100 percent sure I got my moneys worth for it.  If I could use one word to sum up this game, it would be basic."
,Not Recommended,233250,13702858,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Steven,"This is the least balanced, most poorly designed RTS I've ever played. Gameplay consists of building lots of nukes-- more nukes than your enemy can counter-nuke-- and spamming them at your enemies until they crumble in to dust. Nothing is designed well.I honestly tried to enjoy this game. I gave it all of my energy to try having fun playing it, but it just did not happen."
76561198044121550,Recommended,233250,13778421,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Turbo Uterus,It is extreamly fun but the game could use some more substance and is extreamly fun with friends i would recomend to get this game during a sale.
76561198068493495,Recommended,233250,13649625,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Brightidea,Even though the game is still in devolepment it is still a very fun game
76561198004282109,Recommended,233250,13653805,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Super Spicy Ramen,"If you like builing a base and army from nothing to completely wreck your enemies this is something you would like, but the best part is that if you really want to show your opponent how much you can destroy him, crash a moon into his base! What says ""I win F***er!"" more then smashing his face with a celestial body!"
,Recommended,233250,13703224,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Imnooby ヌービー,I blew up a planet. 10/10
,Recommended,233250,13756242,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,RIshon <GLC>,"All in all great game, only problem is that I cant get steam to recognize any achievements  :/Disregard the meta score, this game is excellent. Best RTS since Red Alert and Starcraft, but better. Eternal playability in multiplayer mode. Cant wait to see what developers add next!!"
76561198071898307,Not Recommended,233250,13908398,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Crusaderjak,"I bought this game when it was $70. First of that price alone♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off because its now what, 30... and goes on sale for $5!? It was a piece of crap and it still is. Dont waste your time or money on it."
,Not Recommended,233250,12333875,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Ruazihtlab,"So far this game is a massive disappointment, i've been a backer since it hit steam and i've regretted every second of it, the game just does not come together well, the gameplay just has a feel to it like it's yet to be streamlined, as if the UI is still from a beta period and the fact that it is still now online play only and has no offline, that fact is just unforgiveable, do yourself a favour and spend your money on supreme commander 1."
,Recommended,233250,11904370,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Okalar_Ulosh (valarkan),"EDIT: Now that the game has been released, I have posted some additional info about PA.EDIT 2: OFFLINE HAS BEEN RELEASED. Please see the bottom of this review for further details.Without further ado, let me describe the strengths and weaknesses of this game:The Good:- Massive battles across massive solar systems with as many as 12 planets.- Constructing planet thrusters on a moon and smashing said moon into an enemy-controlled world.- Firing nukes from anywhere in the system.- Tank rushing.- AI is smart and gets tougher with every update.- Galactic War: A single-player mode with randomly generated systems each time it is played.The Bad:- Having to stay connected to the internet to play the game (offline mode will be available soon)- Server lag (as a result of the above)- Sporadic crashes, graphics bugs, and other glitches (will be fixed as game progresses further in development)Overall, this game is an RTS masterpiece that will be remembered for a long, long time. There is near-infinite replayability; no two systems are exactly alike in Galactic War or Skirmish mode.If you are a fan of RTS games in general or the Supreme Commander franchise, you will enjoy this game immensely.Score (will be updated accordingly):10/10++POST-EARLY ACCESS INFO++Apparently, I'm really enjoying this game, but there has been a string of negative reviews criticizing the game for its lack of offline mode and other ""promised features.""To those who seek offline mode, I will only say that it is coming soon and that there is no need to get too anxious about it.IMPORTANT - OFFLINE MODENow that offline mode has been released for PA, all I have to say is that PA has become one of the greatest strategy games of all time. There is currently no need for an internet connection in order to play the game in single player skirmish.To all future buyers of PA: Please ignore the negative reviews that take up the store page."
76561197972828190,Recommended,233250,12327832,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Vladex,its fun. only took a couple games to get te hang of it. Also Death stars!!
,Recommended,233250,12338430,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,misterbingo,"Fantastic strategy with fantastic mechanics. Mediocre balance. Always online :(. But above all, AMAZING EXPLOSIONS"
,Recommended,233250,12507052,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Supreme Commander,"I have never played an RTS where you can colonize planets and destroy them before... This is the most epic and addictive game I have ever played. There are lots of helpful non recommended reviews I don't know what's the problem but for me I enjoy it. If you heard of Human Resource,Uber's Entertainment new game they are developing do not be worry. They will constantly update this game. There are lacks of featured though on the launch date and yeah I agree this is not yet a product that should be out of early access but so far the game is playable and enjoyable. So go grab a copy and go build a death star! I rate this game an 8/10"
,Recommended,233250,10943078,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DannyL3tscher,Once they finish optimizing this game it'll be the next big RTS.
76561197987324691,Recommended,233250,12328978,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,[PANIC] ADMIN,Slick visuals and great polished gameplay - AI is a tad tough but a classic Chris Taylor-esque RTS :)
,Recommended,233250,12331412,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,AArtillery,"This game is good, needs more players, no bugs or lag."
,Recommended,233250,12387386,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Severaice,"If you liked the game Supreme Commander you will deffinately like this! Its very similar, only on a larger scale, however less ""tech tiers"" (only 2)"
,Recommended,233250,17714554,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Axious729,its good if youl like SC2 or SCFA you will like this game.
76561198086602468,Recommended,233250,12363618,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,paulkdickson,"I have very few hours on record because I don't play PA through steam.  I almost certainly have over 100 hours of play time.As a lover of Total Annihilation I think this game is mostly fantastic.  See the end for performance tips.The bad:-Still a bit buggy now and then, but no major show stoppers.-No offline mode so you are reliant on the servers.  Loading data from the servers depending on the size of the environment can take quite a while.  Up to five minutes in some instances. Very annoying.-Single player lacks any imagination.The good:-It brings TA into a modern gaming erra with fantastic game play enhancements, great graphics, and a just plain fun concept.In short, the last major RTS i played was TA(and still do sometimes), so my standards may not be all that high. If you, like me, loved TA I don't think you'll be disappointed with this.Regarding performance issues people have been complaining about:I purchased on the release date and had terrible performance.  I tried turning the steam overlay off which didn't help.  I tried Uber's launcher for the game instead of steam's and performance was much better.  Since that time several patches have come out and made it faster.  In addition to not using steam, as always, update your video card drives and turn off your AV, or at least exclude the game folders from AV scanning.My specs:Win 8.1128 SSD2.4ghz Core2 Quad8gb memnvidia gtx 760 w/ 2gbI output @ 1080p to a plasma tv via hdmi.  All settings on ""uber"" and have no lag at all.That said I'm even able to play on my 2011 Macbook air 13"" on the default settings, minus anti-analyzing and the setting to the left(sorry, i don't remember what it is), and it is smooth/not laggy.  That's not bad considering the intel HD3000 video chipset is below the listed minimum specs.  I play in windows and use the latest intel video drivers from intel's site.  I don't use the apple provided bootcamp drivers because they are 3+ years old.My MBA specs:256gb SSD4GB mem1.7ghz i5 (dual core, hyper threaded = 4 logical processors).Intel HD 3000 video chipset using shared memory.  The intel drivers on windows lists the possible shared memory at 1.6+ GB.Summation:  While Uber has yet to deliver promised features the game is still a ton of fun, and if you're having performance issues, you're doing it wrong."
76561198127718182,Recommended,233250,17660343,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,r^USH,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)most helpful review( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,233250,16085001,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Official,"Dear People who want to get blown away.Yes this is the game to Destroy Planets,your enemy's,Kill their troop(You get the point)THIS ISPLANETARY            ANNIHLATION"
,Recommended,233250,10833326,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,TheDankMemeOfDOOM,Can smash round things into round things. 10/10 for effort
,Recommended,233250,12377499,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,[LP] Frostydayo,Awsome! it's so cool i don't even have to spell anything right!
,Recommended,233250,12431168,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,R3DWOLF,"Veryy fast paste RTS simple sturcture but, requires lots of stratedgey."
,Recommended,233250,12331373,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,TehSEAL,Oh yes... oh yes.... for thought shalt no of mine.
,Not Recommended,233250,13886654,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,{CELL}-R Vercingetorix,"Do you enjoy your game freezing for minutes on end? Do you enjoy being kicked from the game for no reason? Well, then get this game! Apparently my Nvidia GTX 760, Intel i7 4790k, and 16 GB/s of RAM is not enough for this incredibley poorly optimized game. Don't buy it. You will enjoy 10 minutes then be miserable for the next hour."
76561198042678889,Not Recommended,233250,13919676,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,x Critical Strike x,"Having being a massive fan of Total Annhilation I was really excited to see an offical predecesor.  At first the graphics really had that nostalgic feel and I thought it looked amazing. The game quickly falls short however as the UI is really awkward, the map controls are just weird, the spherical nature of the maps is just disorienting and camera controls are terrible. There is no explanation of how to effectively transport units from planetoid to planetoid and landing anything on an already fortified world is almost impossible. It feels really unifinished and unpolished and its a massive disapointment to be completely honest. I would not reccommend this over Total Annihilation."
,Not Recommended,233250,13930544,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Gionni Pacciamo,"No way to play this game with a Mac. In 70mins I succeded to start a game just 2 times. Any other time was ""cant connect to the server""I checked on web, and this problem seem to exist since the release. No fix yet.I would like to be refunded"
,Not Recommended,233250,13949213,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,San\ity,"I remember back when I saw the kickstarter, it already had thousands of dollars, and I watched, wishing I could donate to a game with the ability to ram planets into planets and launch nuke worldwide and build massive bases etc.When it came out, it was $80, and I couldn't afford that, so I waited, as all games go down in price as you wait.When I finally did get it for the Christmas sale, I loved it and hated it at the same time, but now I think it's just not ready to be a game.I have a decent computer, and I've tried it on diffrent computers of varying power, and none of them could handle PA for more than an hour, if they launched the game at all.-The pathfinding has the NPC's running into buildings you built.-Airplanes are OP, to the point where you don't need to build any ground defenses, as you wont see any ground units coming after you until the enemy realizes you built enough flak to blot out the sun.-The game requires you to have the advantage early on or you're basically screwed from there. Orbital is nice, but other than anchors, it feels disconnected from the rest of the battle.-Quantity is more important than quality, pumping out T1's is better than T2's.-Naval is weak, slower than you can imagine, and expensive; not to mention useless on most maps.-The game has a strange feeling of scale, as space travel is slow and immense but the planets themselves are small, even the big ones can be traversed in a couple minutes with bots.-The annihalaser is great, but there should be more room for stopping one, as right now you can basically stealth onto it and take out each planet about 15 seconds apart once the catylysts are in place.-The music is nice, but 1 hour of music in a battle that can take more than that begins to get repetitive.-The universe is there, if you read the planet descriptions in Galactic War, but there are more questions to be answered than in a sherlock holmes novel :\Thanks for reading my little rant. I'm not even done yet...TL:DRIt's a nice game, but everything feels wrong, like a jigsaw puzzle with no connector bits. It desperately needs to be optomized, as well."
76561197962087230,Not Recommended,233250,13958588,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,FunkBandit,"Great concept, hobbile execution.  I could not even force myself to put anymore time into it to search for some aspect to make it playable."
,Not Recommended,233250,13951622,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,YenaP,epic fail!
76561198119304373,Recommended,233250,12330991,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,dick pound,This game is a lot of fun and now after playing 100 hours playing the game i can say that i like the game a lot so far and i look for lots of cool things in the future.
76561198012041172,Recommended,233250,12368535,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,WindmillCookies,"I don't usually write reviews, but I read a couple that said the game sucked or wasn't good enough, ""wasn't original"" like it promised. I'll say that flying between planets and using the death star to obliterate them seems pretty original to me. What actually makes this game fun though is that it is like starcraft or supreme commander, not extremely in depth strategy but still fun and reminiscent of the older strategy games. Anyways my two cents is that it's worth probably about 20 bucks."
,Not Recommended,233250,12481188,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Thorn,"It is not what I have expected as evolution of Total Annihilation. Gameplay is boring and somewhat frustrating. Planetary part is not exciting at all.In overall this game feels like derivative strategy game.Sad story, bro. :("
,Recommended,233250,12318783,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,« C H Σ M »,"Amazing RTS, there's nothing quite like killing your opponent by destroying the planet he's on :) 9/10"
76561198187089253,Recommended,233250,15858471,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,The Wanderer,"this is a war game based on building, battling, launching rockets and most epic of all ...CRASHING PLANETSi recomend this if you like explosions robots and building"
76561198006732526,Not Recommended,233250,12008170,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Lazzeraz,Great idea just a horrible just horrible job done on it.  I would not recommend to my worste enemy.
,Not Recommended,233250,13900342,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,NOOBMUNCHER,"Meh, Warcraft and Starcraft are better, this game was a good attempt but i don't like game play."
76561198091169034,Not Recommended,233250,13912749,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Orcus the Mad,"If you like supreme comander keep playing that, becaus this game is more unfinished then assassin's creed unity or battlefield 3 was at launch. This game was almost good, it was almost the successor to supreme comander i wanted it to be, but this game should by all rights still be in beta.Complaints:-one race-the choice of your starting comander being just a cop out for not  having more races.-seperate buildings for bots and tanks are unnececerry-the controls are exacttly like supreme commanders but in a 3 dimensional enviroment wich is confusing.- every time i played with my friend on teams he would be placed on the othe side of the startingplanet with the ai inbetween us. i  just wanna work with him not play two separate games- boats are irrelevant when the point of the game is to take over asteroids and crash them into people-With the money they made for this game, they didnt finish this game, they just started immediately kicstarting annother game and said this blatantly unfinished game was done.these are just a few of the meany things that bug me about this game and they did do allot of good things to but the bad outweighs the good. I was one of the biggest supporters for this game, i even baught two copies of it for me and my friend. But now its the worst purchas ive ever made. If they decide to finish this game then it will be great, maby even one of the best RTS's out there but as it stands this company doesn't deserve your money."
76561198025939333,Not Recommended,233250,13915523,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Aktifit,"unfinished, buggy and characterless, wish i hadn't bought it"
,Not Recommended,233250,12577204,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Toxicwire,"First person who can rush, wins basically. No strategic depth, just mass and invade.This game makes me want to commit ritual seppuku and perform a blood eagle upon myself."
,Recommended,233250,14799847,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,mavis9nixon,"planetary annihilation is one of the best games I have played, however, I believe that it is the best real time strategy game out there.  make your way to the top of the galactic foodchain, by beating every other color, unfortunate enough to go straight into your sights.  10/10, would annihilate other colors again..."
76561198062111155,Recommended,233250,13469478,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Death_Smiley,I think that this game could be something. Well yea its not like *Finished* but i think when this game is done it will be really good. I bought this game in early access and i think that this game is good. I think its super cool to go around planets building colonys and destroy your opponents planet. So i think its worth your money if you like sci-fi Planet destruction.
76561198073844467,Recommended,233250,13466131,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,jello_pudding,10/10Fire the troops! Fire the missils! Fire the planets! Fire the deathstar!p.s. I saw that alot of people have not updated their reviews for the current relese of the game
,Not Recommended,233250,14152825,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,rjdunlap,"Disappointed. This could have been a great game, but feels disappointing. =/"
76561198052103596,Recommended,233250,12381516,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Trooper,Nice Game
76561197993264462,Recommended,233250,9691847,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Sodoff,"I would not recommend this game. what they do not tell you is that you need an account and an active internet connection to play.  this make the game totally unplayable while deployed (or any situation that you dont have an active connection).Steam not only did not disclose the active internet requirement, but said that it was was not their problem.do not buy."
,Not Recommended,233250,13951836,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,HyperVexed,"EVERY TIME I GO TO PLAY A ROUND OF ANYTHING THE GAME STOPS WORKING WHAT A WASTE OF MY MONEY! I HATE THE CREATORS OF THIS GAMEedit: my game won't even startso what do i think: ""This game is a peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥"""
76561198012273670,Recommended,233250,9467626,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Ronin,RTS at its Finest.
,Not Recommended,233250,13612880,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,mr.Badim,"At first - it requered a sign up on external website.At second - I wanna play offline campaign, and I didnt found it. Some weird planet jumping without any particular reason.I was looking to play some TA kind of missions, ony by one. But this game is not like that.Video and trailers - are awesome, but game is not fun."
76561198041299480,Recommended,233250,13190214,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Nisergious,"Very fun game for the first while and their after the game is very enjoyable but after a time it dries up a little, but mods are avaliable. Overall i think the game is worth buying during a sale but 30 bucks is a little high for a not totally finished game. the game needs more content to keep players happy,and Some functions of the game that were said to be implimented have not been implimented such as asteroids  more units etc. The game also has many very annoying bugs that cause crashes. But at a discounted price I feel the game is a good buy."
,Recommended,233250,13192356,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Chef,"This review is not to diss starcraft, however Planetary Annihilation is the nonsensical hyperactive twice removed brother of Blizzard's big hit RTS.If you have had any past experience playing PA's predacessors (mainly Total Annihilation), PA is a game true to it's family roots and perfectly improves upon Total Annihilation.As a warning, you will need a high end gaming computer in order to run this game and have a good time whist doing so."
,Not Recommended,233250,13823939,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,MarshalN,"Basically, it boils down to this: this game is on offer for $30. For less than that, you can buy Supreme Commander and SC: Forged Alliance together. Those two games offer vastly more than Planteary Annihilation currently does (and from the way the engine is set up, probably ever will). The combat here is shallow, the battle flow nonexistent.... other reviews have already mentioned all this. As someone who was really hoping this game will succeed, it's sad, but if I want good RTS fun, I'll fire up my old copy of Forged Alliance before I play this game again."
,Not Recommended,233250,13907508,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Kalasgurka,"After backing this a long time ago i finally got around to play it..And now ive tried it - for a little over an hour. And i must say im very dissapointed.Like many of the other recent reviews say, this game is stating to be finished, but its not. In fact it need alot of polishing, and it seems like the devs have abandoned it.Bugs, crashes, missing animations, missing sounds, mashing buttons, anarchy-no strategy are words that summon this game up. I dont recommend anyone else spending money on this.Not even during the Steam-sale.Like a woman putting her baby in a bin, Uber Entertainment threw this baby away shortly after release."
,Not Recommended,233250,13930710,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Ziggurat,clearly unfinished. should not be out of early access.
,Not Recommended,233250,10499513,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,wack all u :D,"This game was not worth 50 $ in my opinion. I played a bit and it was...alright the gameplay was good/semi-unbalanced and I understand this game is early access. I saw the galactic war and I thought ""fantastic this will be epic,"" boy was I wrong. I played a few games was getting into it, then right was I was starting a new game, ""Defeat."" I don't know how I lost as I had just started a new game but, I had lost all of my progress. I don't know if this was a bug or what happened but it has definitely discouraged me very much from playing the game. I hope it gets better because it is an amazing concept bit imo unplayable. (Also it says I only have 4.3 hours on record but, I spent a whole day gaming out before the galactic war was incorporated.)It is now considered a ""complete game"" by uber but that is a lie still don't buy it. So much crap and wasted money."
,Recommended,233250,10522914,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Niggacles,This is probably one of the best strategy games that I've ever played
,Not Recommended,233250,13339550,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,generalking007,"I will admit, i jumped on the hype train for this one. the trailers, looked amazing. the idea, was interesting. the execution, was ♥♥♥♥ed up.its commited 3 of the cardinal sins of game making. always online DRM, check. unfinished at release, check. microtransactions, check. thers nothign worse then playing 3 hours of SINGLE PLAYER, the one part of the game that should require exactly ZERO SERVERS, and have it suddenly die because you lostr connection to the servers it did not need to be acessing in the first place. ♥♥♥♥ that♥♥♥♥♥♥so, no, dont buy this, dont reward this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ practice with money, dont reward them with your time and energy. they are already making a NEW game, when this one isnt even finished."
76561198035745261,Recommended,233250,10500113,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Nepheratos,Excellent game. yes it needs a lot of work still but it is wonderfully designed
76561198011909322,Not Recommended,233250,11145694,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,zooxanthellaeh2o,"This game reminds me of supreme commander. but not nearly as intricate. I truely loved supreme commander. but this one is not grabbing me in the same way. There is no story campaign mode, and in order to play single player games for some reason you need to be connected to ubernet. I have been getting disconnected from ubernet about 5 or 6 times every day and that will cause your game to reset. Also the lack of unique armies makes it very monotonous. The same battle over and over again. Build times are very quick and i find my game lagging beyond playability after 20 or 30 min of building. So you better win before that happens. I understand this game is not complete. I look forward to improvements and hopefuly a story campaign."
,Not Recommended,233250,13374774,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Sieabah L. Park,"It's not ready to be released, pretty boring for an RTS game."
,Recommended,233250,13376458,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Bandersnatch,"best game ever 11/10do you like RTS?do you like destruction?do you like interplanetary battles with thousands of units clashing together?if you do, this is the right game for you."
76561197981409872,Not Recommended,233250,8914745,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,primarccreagor,"Not sure what kind of game this will be when full release comes but at this point its base rush/over run with maps that are open and have no choke points for defence.  So in a the real military they wouldnt stay where your drops are at all its too hard to defend the base you are started at, they would relocate but suprise you cant afford to move.  This dosnt look like they are going to support casual players that jump in for a game or 2, its going to be elite players ruling the game but thats how devs run their game's into the ground. Listen to all players not just vocal ones, they dont speek for most.Dont bother at all, just base rush and no tactics.09/10/14 updateWOW this is a full game?  HELL NO....And it has DLC for new comanders????? Sigh yep cash grab.I played some games and there is no changes from my last review, ok they have the campaine...pain would be a better word.  This is a dev hell game that isnt finished and they need more money to keep going to finish it. This wont end well and I did back this game. I have loved the story and have Total Annihilation as a down loadable game through some other sorce, legit so I can still play it. So I am a fan of the games, that being said this isn't like any of them.One army of the same weapons is not a good model for RTS.  I wish they had held off and stayed the corse for a full beta, but they didn't.  I will not pay for any DLC, I still dont have a full game and untill dev's are held to a finished game the green light/kickstarter or any other sorce of backed game like these will fail.10/04/14 Nothing new for this game but now a new kickstarter for another game, finish this game first?  More cash grabing I wouldnt trust Uber, and they are so scared that they had to releace a statment about finishing PA.http://www.uberent.com/pa/2014/10/02/note-planetary-annihilation-fans-human-resources/Stand up or shut up time for us gamers, stand up and keep your money untill they finish what they started or shut up and give them money and prove we are weak."
,Not Recommended,233250,13929040,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,VeggieTative,I don't feel like I got an 80 dollar game. I purchased it in the early stages with a lot of hope. This was the last time I ever paid that much money up front for an indie game.
,Recommended,233250,13935919,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Ezri is a Slut,bought it when it was on sale for 10 bucks2 weeks later it was 5 bucks
,Recommended,233250,10703393,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ayatee,"after you buy the game, you can donate more money!i loooove dem uber ent. + early access combo."
,Recommended,233250,12409936,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Mr. Miyagi,"Here's the fact: Planetary Annihilation was released too early.The online reviews and the metascore were all made a couple days after it came out, so they rated the unfinished, buggy version. Hence the bad reviews. The reviews all say one thing, A great game, thrown off by bugs and the lack of offline play and the ability to save games, which the PA team is fixing right now. Go figure.(Check out their new game:https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/659943965/human-resources-an-apocalyptic-rts-game)"
76561198066998666,Recommended,233250,12442037,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,John Henry Eden,"When it works it's amazing, when it doesen't it's very annoying. The game is exellent, you feel pressured to win and when you do it is very satisfying. I have a very decent computer but the game still manages to lag ON THE MENU SCREEN and when trying to leave games most of the time the game will freeze then freeze my computer for up to a minute. In the end this game is worth it, when it's on sale. The game is NOT worth 30$ more like 15$ or 20$. When the games on sale get it, it's a fun game especially with friends."
,Recommended,233250,12457062,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Hamfish,Great Game but something that could be worked on is a research filter for the galactic war. For example i have often found myself with the ability of 50% extra armour for planes but not actually unlocking planes not basic ones. Other than that it is well worth anything that you might pay for it.
,Recommended,233250,9298561,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Elbows,It's like the holocaust but you kill planets instead of Jews
,Recommended,233250,9034997,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,NotCreative,"destroying planets,nuking moons,pure war.Buy this game"
,Recommended,233250,13193448,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,AtAnyRateNate,I Lasered my friends then I blew up my own base in order to kill my friends.   (10\10) -IGN
76561198006773050,Not Recommended,233250,13192184,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,TargetStalker,I bought this game awhile back. Hoping to support an early access game. Since taking everyones money they have done nothing to really deliver the game promised. Now I see it for 80% off. I will no longer support early access games. I am not going to waste my money trying to support unfinished products.
,Recommended,233250,13203398,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,hiperpoo,I can't get enough of this game! The planet smashing sold it to me and the gameplay keeps me. I love it so much I bought coppies for my friends too!
76561198068396670,Not Recommended,233250,14908527,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Revan Mandrake,"So is this game worth 46 Bucks? Hell no.Is this game worth 28 Bucks? Maybe in the future.Gameplay: An awesome concept on paper, but poorly executed. The gameplay is somewhat solid, with the deathstars/planets you can now finally annhilate planets which a is super cool mechanic, but the core gameplay, the building of robots and tanks, ammassing an gigant army and then steamrolling your opponents with it is still kinda shaky and the satisfaction of these things is just now up to par with the C&C series .Graphics: I have to say I love the kind of Cartoon-ish look of the game a well suited look for a game like this.Story: NoneWorth your time and money - maybe in the future."
76561198026555538,Not Recommended,233250,15042968,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,caowenii,"I think this game may be great, but it not works at all. I cannot really complete single match - it lags, crushes, freezes. I would take half moneyback rather than trying to play this."
,Recommended,233250,15813246,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Darth Jar Jar,Amazing game to play with friends
,Recommended,233250,15814032,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,played it oncefriend blew up the planet i was oni still won10/10
76561198071225870,Recommended,233250,17226776,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,alexanator28,"Great game! It had a rocky release, but it is continuing to improve with continual updates. It is even starting to host tournaments, and has a great youtube base. Do not be alarmed with the mixed reviews, for most of them are about the release and not what the game is at the current state."
76561198021919449,Recommended,233250,17479639,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Vir4030,"I have held off writing a review until now because I could not yet recommend the game.  Their recent update fixed single-player mode, which was absolutely unplayable before.  The fixes were right-on, and I can now recommend this game.  I am a long time fan of the series all the way back to Total Annihilation."
76561198020891005,Not Recommended,233250,14535984,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Qrogan,"It was hard for me to decide what to rate this, becuase the game has alot of potential, and it's a great game. The one main problem I'm having alot is extreme lag and long loading times. I hate to point it out but, I would recommend the game if it didn't have so many starting issues. The game itself is great. But the lag and long loading times just sorta sucks the fun from the game.I hate giving text walls, but, I need to make a point. Great games can be annihilated by it's own problems, such as major lag issues. Whenever I start Planetary Annihilation, I always get lag on the main menu, I move on to multiplayer, either the servers are full, or it's ghost town. I don't do ranked PvP so I go through the custom servers list. Multiplayer is fun, if you have enough people, and a vivid, beautiful map to play around with, now, part of my lag is that the game, being so huge, is killing my graphics card, it's not throught-out the game, just starting, sometimes this lag is so bad that... I don't get to pick where I start and end up in the worst place ever.Last thing in my gigantic wall of text, the Galactic War, I really DO like it, but the lag getting into a battle sucks, then I have the starting lag, that denys me of the right to let me get my Commander in the right spot on the right planet. Galactic War also limits me on my playstyle, becuase I cannot choose a Air or Bot Commander without finding it in a other war, hugely impacting my game-experince. I do not like how limited it is. I have to have mods in order to get the commanders I want, becuase the Galactic War is not only limited, but it is extremely slow. Modding P.A. is a thing I do becuase P.A. is missing certain factors, like, special effects and better appearance for the rounds shot. A mod that allows my vehicals to leave behind wreckage, is extremely sad. In Supreme Commander 2, everything left wreckage, no mods required, P.A., does not have that luxery.Not reccomending this game is the hardest thing I have ever done in my life, but I do not reccomend this game if your computer is a potato, or you expect very high graphics quality."
76561198043270509,Not Recommended,233250,14960615,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Golden Tico,this game had allot of potential but it seems the makers of the game only wanted to make money because they didnt even release a full game. i am disapointed.
76561197995272084,Recommended,233250,15237331,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Capt_Reacharound,"Awesome... Just an awesome all around game. Its the RTS Supreme Commander could of been. I have spent hours and hours playing single player let alone multiplayer, and still love playing it. Get this game. Get it meow."
76561198102776537,Recommended,233250,15825989,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Simas,Good strategy game
76561198042710839,Not Recommended,233250,17717800,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Royalpaste,"this game is a buggy chrashing mess, and they had the nerve fully release it and give it dlc in its state.the countless bugs with galactic war and ai skirmish make the almost unplayible.save your money and get another game"
,Recommended,233250,14796149,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Icyberg,very awesome best RTS i have ever played
76561197985807618,Not Recommended,233250,14800024,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Dreapen,"Dont Buy, look up Supreme Commander FAwww.faforever.comHuge dissappointmentNo real strategyTerrain has little to no affect becasue of limited optionsSuperior build order + limited available strategies=Too simple.Still buggy,'Galactic War' is brokenThis game seems to be a money grab.Don't forget they tried to launch another kickstarter for a different game, which completely failed.  It begs the question; Would they have 'Finished' this game if the kickstarter raised enough?  I doubt it.I doubt it becuase what was promised in the kickstarter for this game was not delivered at the time the game was released and ""finished.""There are many other strategy games, Supreme Commander is widely agreed apon to be the best of the series.It's multiplayer is not on steam, its a community driven and hosted server which costs no money.Simply buy SupcomFA through steam, and check outwww.faforever.com"
76561197973255737,Not Recommended,233250,15037012,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,rumplesink,"This is the only review for a pc game I've ever written, but I feel it's important enough this time around to let people know what they're in for if they purchase this game. I loved Supreme Commander, and Forged Alliance was near faultless - one of the best pc games ever imo. This however, is one of the worst - partly due to having a really clunky and unintuitive UI, but mostly due to featuring one of the worst keyboard/mouse setups I've ever come across. The fact that you cannot rebind any of the mouse keys, and are forced to use the middle mouse button to rotate planets (the single most important thing to be able to do quickly and efficiently in the whole game) is mind-boggling to me. I've played hundreds of video games and I can't recall a single one that requires such reliance on the middle mouse button, with no way to rebind it to something else.I have a Logitech mouse with a ratcheted 4-way scrolling middle mouse wheel, and having to hold it down in the correct alignment while moving the mouse itself around is tricky to say the least. It took less than two minutes for me to realise that I'd have to rebind that function to another key on the mouse to make any sort of progress. However, searching the menus  revealed that there is no way to rebind any of the mouse keys. Further research revealed that the devs have no intention of addressing this issue either. I'm sorry, but this is either pure laziness or stubbornness on the part of the devs, and makes the game a cumbersome and unplayable mess for me. I carried on playing with this enforced setup, but after a while it became clear that any fun to be had was ruined by the constant frustration of everything being so awkward to use. I'll be uninstalling it as soon as I'm done writing this.And for those of you thinking why not download a mod that will enable some sort of workaround or get a new mouse all I can say is you're missing the point, and are letting the devs off the hook for something that they should have addressed and fixed long before now."
,Not Recommended,233250,15087381,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Zerakren,Paid AAA price for this game well over a year ago and most of the promised features are not in the game and the studio has already started work on another crowd funded project. game is OK as it stands but not worth the price.
,Not Recommended,233250,15203034,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Ptibull,"Years of development and early access, and the result is a strategy game with no tutorial to jump in. in 2015, that's a shame."
76561197971093352,Not Recommended,233250,15318457,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,OddAngryShot,"I have tried to get into this game on several occasions, but just can't.  I like strategy games and have owned a lot over the years.  I especially loved the Total Annihilation series and seeing that a number of the developers for this worked on those games gave me hope that this would be a great game.  Boy was I wrong.Overall rating - DO NOT BUY - 3/10So lets start with some positives:Graphics are not too bad if a little datedSound stuff is good.  Nice clear audio and appropriate music set a good tone.So what don't I like?The game takes ages to load into a new ""game"" if it ever manages to get there.  In the short time I have played (or attempted to play) I have lost count of the number forced closures because the game stops responding to any input that is meaningful.  That is both in game, while loading, and while attempting to navigate the menus.The interface is clunky and not at all intuitive.The game will frequently crash and require a forced closure, but somehow manage to retain the progress of the battle.The game will randomly screw your save files so you cannot continue from where you left off.The units often get lost in front of the buildings and are very hard to see, especially single units.  There is no rally set point capability that I found.Zooming is jerky and not smooth.  Moving the viewpoint is done with the cursor keys not the mouse. (Who does that these days??)The real kicker for me is the complete and utter lack of official documentation.  There is no manual at all, of any sort.  There are no tutorial missions explaining the interface allowing you to learn the basic mechanics of the game.  There is not even a sandbox mode to play around in so you can teach yourself the game.  In short there is no assistance at all from the game to help you play the bloody thing.As a result of this complete lack of developer documentation you are forced to various wikis and youtube videos in order to even have some hope of being able to survive long enough to develop a base.  I love flight simulation, especially the ""study-sim"" type.  I spent thousands of hours playing Falcon 4 and its subsequent derivitives.  Being good at that game meant doing a lot of research and putting in a ton of ""hours"" perfecting technique and strategy.  However, I could play the game just by reading the information provided by the developer and practicing/experimenting with things.This game has not even the basic information on the interface or starting units.  It forces you to go off and listen to some youtuber prattle on about how they think things work in the game.  They youtube videos aren't even done by the developers!  I have never seen a tech tree.  I never managed to get far enough into a game to advance any technology, and I have absolutely no idea how to advance things anyway.  Again it is not intuitive at all.The game is buggy.  I purchased this game on sale as a retail game, not as an early access or kickstarter.  I would have expected that his game would be far more polished.  The developers seem to be working on the game issues and new features which is a good thing.  It should not, however, have been realsed in this poor state.ConclusionI may be missing something here as a lot of people seem to like this game, but if I can't get into the basics of a game without having to search for OTHER peoples advice, then it is pretty much a no go for me.  A game should come complete with the required information to play the game, either in a manual or as tutorials.  This one has neither.  The bugs and glitches seal the deal for me.  Give this one a miss, even if it is gifted to you from a friend.  3/10"
76561198072157054,Recommended,233250,15805202,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Tacosfolyfe,This game is gorgeous! The units and planets and overall environment are beautiful! The combat? Great! I sending a planet to destroy my last enemy in a round. However there should be some more unit variation. More buildings as well. The game boils down to a great game with some great graphics.
,Not Recommended,233250,15807101,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Subway Addiction,"what i expected :- no buggy controls- fully texturised units- amazing/ Hard to win against AI- GREAT Single Player experience- all type of unit balanced (no OP aircraft)- Planets full of lifeforms waiting for their doom as mechs march and destroys planet- Unique units that are able to support each other's weakness to overcome enemy tactics- Good DLCs that will bring new amazing stuff to the game (even changing its meta)What i got :- One of the worst Control IMO- unit looks like plastic action figures- AI is♥♥♥♥♥♥- Boring♥♥♥♥♥SP mode (AI is♥♥♥♥♥♥so yeah)- OP aircraft (why?)- planet looks like an eggshell with few trees,river,mountains, etc.- Spiderbots > everything (except aircrafts)-♥♥♥♥♥♥DLCsalso why are there ships if its just gonna sail across one long river....come one even supreme commander 2 had ♥♥♥♥in Bouncers to knock Alts back off other unit.and they have SHIELDS. WHERE IS MY SHIELD TO PROTECT LAND UNIT VS AIRCRAFTS FFS!!!Its a pity really, It had TONS of potential.all i can say is don't buy this game till its on 65%~90% sale because its just gonna suck the money outof your wallet and leaving you dumbfounded once you play the game.unless ur a casual RTS player then this might be fun for you."
,Recommended,233250,15819832,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Mattkew,"Even though it is a really good game, it is way too graphic intensive on my computer even on lowest video settings and a always crash in the landing sequence :/"
,Recommended,233250,16294449,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,[TAO] [TAN] IrishTnT,"I'll edit this later, I'm quite lazy"
76561198086521216,Recommended,233250,16905508,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Egg and Toast,"Pros and Cons for the people who don't like reading ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ProsGame is fun if you like RTS gamesGame can run on a somewhat good potato of a computerHuge armys and systemsSmashing planetsBlowing up planetsGame can be fun with or without friendsGames can take up to an hour or moreStalemate breakers (planet smashers and catalysts *Death Star*)System creator!System creator is simple to useThe arrow keys and the default camera controlsThere are alot of things to help you multi task (2nd camera, Idle units, etc.)Involves alot of multi taskingno counter to catalysts (good for breaking stalemates)Game punishes you for neglecting certain thingsConsIf you reach a stalemate the games can drag on...and on...and...on (No/Used all planet smashers or no catalysts)Games can take up to an hour or moreGame has empty boxes in the build menu idk if they are going to add things into the boxes or if it was to sort things byteirs or sometingThe game is hard for people new to RTS gamesLarge systems/games will kill anyone using a ok potato of a pc (14ish frames)The Galactic Conquest is just aton of skermishes with AI (be better if it was turn based and the AI would attack or if was muiltiplayer or co-opThe arrow keys and the default camera controls *I just rebound it to WASDInvolves alot of multi taskingNo counter to planet smashing (see my argument for this in the longer version)Game punishes you for neglecting certain things*End of short version**Start of long version*Ok so I did not plan for this long version and will most likely be a rant or just me talking for a very long time...one of the two. So the game is a fun game to play with friends eather with them playing against you or with you. The game can be played on a potato of a pc. I'm not kidding I have a 2 year old computer with a I-5 Processor with a memory leak, CPU problems, and a cracked screen and i run it at a smooth 30 frames in 1v1s with a planet and a moon. Then I run a choppy but playable 14 frames on large 6v6, 10 planets, 5 moons. I mean thats really good. The game punishes who don't expand. If you just sit in a little base with 2 metal extractors you will lose because you don't have the economy to build the armys your opponent will have if they have more metal extractors and energy plants.~StalematesThere is the issue of stalemates. The stalemates usually happen when you or your opponent pushes one of the two off their planet and onto another. Then you just sit there trying to land on the other your opponent's planet in 12,000 different ways but fail and he does the same on your planet and the game just drags on and on and on. You can break the stalemates with planet smashing and catalsts but when those are not available you eather fight eachother and one wins or you sit on other planets launching nukes and troops at eachother trying to find a weak point~Galactic conquestGalactic conquest is just aton of 1v1s with the AI with the exception of if you found a sub commander but i'll get into that later. So you just go system to system fighing AI to take the whole galaxy over. There is a tec recovery system where when you take over or explore a unowned system you have the choice of 3 randomly generated items (A item you already own can't pop up again) but the 3 items can range from upgrades to your units, unlocking *basic or *complete sets of troops [bots, aviation, navy, orbital, and vehicles.] or a sub commander. Now the basic unlock just unlocks the first teir to those units while the complete unlocks the second teir or advanced units. The systems tend to just be 1 planet system unless you find the factions base then it tends to be larger maps of about 3-4 planets and maybe a moon.-Sub commandersSub commanders are just a AI third AI that is on your team...it's usually set to the difficulty that you set the other AI too. If you get that tec you just win every battle you fight because you have the handicap advantage.~No counter to planet smashing argumentSo there is no counter to planet smashing unless you go to the planet/moon their on and fight them on that planet. I'm mean it's a good stalemate breaker but it could end a game in 15-30mins. There should be a way to lessen or counter planet smashing.My idea is that there should be some sort of nuke or large missle to break the planets with the radius of less then 350 it won't destroy the satellite but would break it into aton or afew pieces because countering it would make halleys usless.They showed the ability to lessen the effect of planet smashing in the Kickstarter trailer back in 2012 I'll link the video and the time below. That brings me to another point that the guy was on a moon orbiting a earth like planet with an asteroid belt orbiting it and he build his halleys on a asteroid that looks like it has the radius of 100 or less and the lowest radius in the game is250. Now I know they might have not implemented this into the game because some people's computers can't handle it...and i understand that but im getting way off topic here...Start time: 1:05http://store.steampowered.comSo basically this game has it's ups and downs like every other game that was ever made.Rating?..ok you just want to see a out of 10 thing... 8/10"
,Recommended,233250,12357131,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Disasterbenz,I love this game it has everything i want! sweet sweet DESTRUCTION!
76561198156818243,Recommended,233250,16556049,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,The-Power-Of-The-Sorce,"This has to be the best PC game iv'e played so far, the loading times are quick if you have the right specs and the gameplay is awesome :)"
,Recommended,233250,15816791,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Alagh,Awsome game! At first its hard to know how to play but after some practice you get the hang of it. the developers havent left so there is always new updates dont give up on this game is really good you should buy it! :D
76561198158512920,Recommended,233250,16386280,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Sir Dankus,this is a very fun game. when i first got it i spent hours and hours on it a day so much fun and when you get online with onther people amizing. i cant say anything about the price i got it on sale for 5.00 so eyah but i think maybe 25.99.anyway this is a great game 10/10
76561198067236683,Recommended,233250,16535957,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,JoeJoeJoeBob,A very good game with lots of choices and paths to victory my only compliant is that it seems too harsh on new players with the bots being godlike untill you start to get better at the game.
,Recommended,233250,16560816,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Roodboi,yep!
76561198067220575,Recommended,233250,16545035,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,CARNICO,It's a great game
,Recommended,233250,16385430,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Ploiken,"An abseloutely awesome game, though a bit expensive.I would say only buy it when it's on sale."
76561198095305956,Recommended,233250,16552403,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Kinsoe,"Best game EVER1. Addicting2.Can't stop, wont stop3. For people that like strategy and op (over-powered) things and stuff4. It will make you have no friends, but the game is your friend5. Forged Of Alliance < Planetary Annihaltion (Forged of Alliance x10)6. Get the game until sales are out or just beg for the moneyAll out good game with good grpahics"
76561198022348149,Recommended,233250,16561507,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Wachabe,"Nice kind of a strategy game, may try.."
,Recommended,233250,16686412,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,tablesalt,"Love this game. Seriously, i dont know why the reviews are so bad. Game has no problem running. Yes it is crazy hard at first, but the more you play, and the more you learn, the easier and more fun it is. A great RTS/Tactical game that has so many levels. Bought it on sale. 10/10 about to play again"
76561198126568960,Recommended,233250,16690634,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Grotix,"I love this game, but it's not worth 30$. Wait for it to go on sale. Great strategy game otherwise"
76561198036627626,Recommended,233250,17622723,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Alcuard,my feelings for this game is mixed i like it and hate it but it is running incredibly slow im not why otherv than that i like it and the concept
76561198043985256,Not Recommended,233250,17684053,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,VGAstudent,"Wow, you guys really abandonned us for TITANS, huh?"
,Not Recommended,233250,17915515,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Doc Valentine,"Removing features you promised for release and then creating an expansion isn't innovative. It's a scam. I don't mean that in the common dramatic ""I don't like this game so it must be a scam."" kind of sense. I mean it's actually a scam with all the fun bells and whistles attached. This kind of behavior should be a crimson red flag to anyone thinking about buying this game."
,Not Recommended,233250,13957396,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,X-Cooling,THey need to remove playfab and replace it with steamworks.Playfab is total rubbish and causes the majority of issues.We should not be forced to register and login with a 3rd party system.
,Not Recommended,233250,16034292,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Chaoix,This game is barely in a beta state. First off you can't save a game and second there is no tutorial or campaign to teach you the game mechanics. Plus the unit pathing is HORRIBLE. Bots get stuck on rocks and stuff all of the time.
,Recommended,233250,16032711,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Edelweiß,"Bear with me if this review isn't particularly helpful, I'm very excited writing this but I'm gonna give the gist of the deal of what I expected from this title.It expected a title in the vein as Total Annihilation or Supreme Commander. I didn't expect them to really innovate that much on their titles. I was pleasantly surprised, especially after all the negative reviews that people had about  the game.While some features from Supreme Commander is gone, such as many helpful and useful interface features such as the ferry feature or the ability to drag around qued commands, the game added some very nice new interface features such as being able to drag and the  game intelligently spreading the buildings around in a hexagonal spacing, this is especially pleasant because the maps are now instead of before with two-dimensional, walled off environments - they're now encompassing not only entire planets in full three-dimensional fashion but also entire solar systems.The effect this has on gameplay is immense because now there is yet another layer of complexity to warfare, namely space warfare - and while the game doesn't force to you to plot interplanetary courses such as in Kerbal Space Program (it does that for you), it does follow the physical laws enough that you have to wait quite a few minutes before you're able to ferry robots everywhere. To simplify the process they added teleportation gates, that you get early and is quite useful as a replacement to ferrying your units via air.It almost feels overwhelming  to take warfare to the next level on another planet. It's not even as simple as starting over as you  share your resources across planets so regardless if you're fleeing an aggressive commander, hunting down him or his secondary bases or just generally expand on your own  -  you're going to  have to be vary when finding a new planet.This feature is ground breaking for strategy games everywhere, a truly pioneering move on Epic Game studios and incredibly important reason for why you should buy this game. You might be wondering - will it work on my computer? I would dare say - probably yes. The game runs surprisingly well even on my Ivy Bridge i5 from 2011 and GeForce 750 GTX Ti or whatever graphics card I got. It didn't inherit the resource demands that Supreme Commander had, not to  the same degree. I liked Supreme Commander, but the one vital flaw it had was that I couldn't run it! xDEven when spamming a seemingly endless amount of units - I still  didn't face any significant latency or shuttering. My experience was excellent, but yours may vary, especially if you  have a lower end CPU, less than 2  GB of ram or an old graphics card.The game had yet another delightful feature: You can even customize your own solar systems! And it's done in a very easy editor where you place planets in orbit around a sun or moons in orbit around planets, or planets in orbit around other planets. It's very easy to use and you  can even balance very large systems by lowering the amount of metal yield the individual planets contain. This could lead to some really interesting solar system designs where you could be contesting key planets that contain a lot of metal but from far more metal starved locations! You can go as in depth or as shallow as you  want, decide what planets to start on and who knows what more!Now there was some things lost from previous titles! There are no longer experimental units or powered shields or cloaking devices and from what I've seen you can't upgrade your commander either. There is no research or any such ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and there's only 2 Tiers of units instead of 3. But guess what - I think that's entirely okay! The features of shields and cloaks tended to be used very gimmicky and used  to sort of distract from the actual experience of the game and the point of the game. It gave rise to turtleing as a viable tactic, but in this game you have to be a bit aggressive, decisive or cunning to  win. There are defensive options plenty and the resource system and the units themselves are balanced around the fact that you  can't turtle like you did before. Survival now is more about being cunning and use attrition by  repairing your units instead of just using shields to cover your units. You can now also build combat repair bots that are a bit  more durable than your regular engineers. I feel that 2 Tiers makes the game more simple to play and let's be honest here - did you ever really consider the 2nd tier units in supreme commander useful or fun to play with? The simplicity is welcome especially due to the complexity that the solar systems provide.I got my game for almost nothing: €5 and I must say that I'm very pleased over my purchase! I would have bought this at full price and still felt satisfied. I hope that you can find just as much joy as I found in it."
76561198035774392,Recommended,233250,17480306,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Mick,"Planetary Anihilation has given me and my friends hours of fun, and honestly that's what I like about games. The fact that PA has very original aspects, or at least original for the last decade makes it unique to say the least.1: The game allows multiple planets and huge battlefields on a system scale.2: There are 4 different zones of battle with interaction between them: Land, Air, Naval, Space.3: The scale of combat and amount in this game is tremendous.4: The developers actually stay on bugs and patch them accordingly.5: Different strategies work and map control(planets so multiple maps) is something you must have.6: Various different WMDs and WUDs(Weapons of Ultimate Destruction).There is a lot to offer in this game for only now 30.00 bucks. I'm not a picky guy and bugs are always in games, but the amoutn of scale in this game makes it so unique. I love SC:FA, CnC, RoN, SoaSE, SW:EaW, and others. Sure some of those games may trump this in certain aspects but the ambitions of this game and the amount that was able to be delivered is astonishing. I don't judge a game on what it promises, but what it delivers and this game does deliver a large scale(possibly larger than anyother RTS) battlefield and unique ways of killing.Also give the game slack on Bugs, the pure amount involved with this game is much more than Supreme Commander and many other RTSes ever had or perhaps ever will."
76561197999340102,Not Recommended,233250,17707883,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Lazy-Bone,scammers....
,Recommended,233250,17479532,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,[ModMCdl],"This game is a great passtime if you have a lot of time. If not... don't buy it.However, if you have two hours to kill daily... great buy. Very immersive, and very complex. A great RTS if I've ever seen one."
,Not Recommended,233250,23176352,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,IMP_REBS,"It's an alright game but this new stand alone Titans that has come out has an outrageously bad pricing system. We spent our money to support this game earlier in its development cycle and how do they repay us? By making us spend a full $4 more for titans than someone who is buying the game for the first time. You are suppose to appreciate people who invest in you early on and reward them, not punish them. This is easily one of the worst sales gimmicks I have seen and I can guarantee I will never support this company again in the future. DO NOT buy this game, if the developers are this willing to rip off their customers they do not deserve a single cent of your money."
76561197982113374,Recommended,233250,24016779,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Lion-O,"A really cool concept for an RTS. Maybe not executed perfectly, but it can be fun nonetheless. Very enjoyable when playing with some friends. Don't really recommend if you just plan on playing single player. I'd say its worth buying when its on sale."
,Recommended,233250,24712262,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Yangyin,"Well done gameplay and real time strategy resource managment, with compelling visuals and scale."
76561198057755175,Recommended,233250,25345814,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Goose,This is men of war assult squad 2 with space robots.
,Not Recommended,233250,23235945,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Crisis,"great concept, not great game"
76561198013657369,Recommended,233250,24238386,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Coppers,i have 88 hour on this game and played about 50 odd different games online in this game.this game is very very fun once you get the hang of it. when u know how to start it becomes very fun as a game can last up to 2 hours if you have the same skill base as the opponent.this game has endless fun and if u have the money then you should deffinataly get this game8/10 for me
76561198024676153,Recommended,233250,24708636,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,c.vergouwen,I love playing this gameI hope they keep working on
76561198089925051,Recommended,233250,24881601,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Chez Meister Austin137,great if you can play with freindssingleplayer is a bit lacking
,Recommended,233250,25331939,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Ecb29599,Great game. Best RTS That i have ever played 10/10
,Not Recommended,233250,25890131,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Omar Çam,it sucks and i wish valve would give everybody that bought this game a refund
,Not Recommended,233250,17632852,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Seaworthy Hornet,"New 'expansion' is just a waste. Should have finished this, thousands of people are disappointed with this terrible company."
76561198092463497,Not Recommended,233250,17653073,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,☯Swiftツ,"This game.....i have to say, is pretty horrible, i am someone who loves and ppreciate RTS games like SupCom, and a little Starcraft 2, so i thought oh this game looks cool ill give it a try.........BIGGEST WASTE OF MONEY EVER!! This is comming from someone who has 3000+ hours playing games on steam, THIS GAME IS A TERRIBLE BUY not to mention the deves have SOME NERVE MAKING A NEWER BETTER VERSION OF THE GAME AS A STANDALONE.Not only has this game disapointed everyone who bought it, but it spits in the face of the RTS's, this is extremely, repetetive, difficult to play, and confusing, if u want a good game get Supreme Commander forged Alliance this isnt an advertisement its the truth this game is a waste of money, and i had to force mysef to finish my game.I cant stress how bad this is, stay away from this, if your someone who loves, clunky confusing cluttery gameplay this is the game for you.Thankyou for reading"
,Not Recommended,233250,17653891,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Phezzan,"Huge TA fan, can't love this game.It's very hard to place buildings accurately - which is important when you need to build walls facing the right direction.CrashesDumb AINo formationsI love the concept, the graphics are good, some really cool ideas, (music is a bit overbearing)... but it's hard to control.RTS is all about controlplease make some improvements in placing buildings, and moving groups of units."
,Not Recommended,233250,17654586,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,...,"Hey uberentertainment ! I really wanted to say how much I loved your game Total annihilation back when I was a kid !So I have a question, after you've properly boned your fans and consumers, why are you even attempting to make some sort of ""DLC / Stand alone expansion"" ? Total annihilate your company."
76561198006360679,Not Recommended,233250,17661756,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Taishi,"The game isn't as good as it seemed and now they've added a ""standalone"" expanion which is just this with Titans instead of giving it to us or offering cheaper DLC! I agree with all the negative comments, they ain't getting my money ever again!"
76561197981987030,Not Recommended,233250,17606386,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Joe.Werly,+DLCs------OriginalGameContent
,Not Recommended,233250,17612274,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,(unt,"The devs promise huge explosions, Supreme Commander styled gameplay, exciting interplanetary wars and... delivers none of it until they can exploit you for twice as much money, the game and the ""Expansion"" or priced update are barely worth your money, and a lot of money they are worth."
76561198063989894,Not Recommended,233250,17618268,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,StalkinU,"DEAD!Latest update - A STANDALONE FREAKING COPY OF THIS EXACT GAME - FOR THE SAME PRICE AS THIS GAMEIts like buying a phone, which has you paying for system updates.Its like buying windows, but having to pay for windows updates.Its like buying a video card, but having to buy the drivers seperatly.SCAM ALERT!Was a fun game tho"
,Not Recommended,233250,17620339,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,bam5995,"So thanks to uber entertainement for making this game obslete by pulling out  PA:TITANS.Unless uber entertainement give out Titans for free for the peoples who payed the original PA, much peoples will yell at it.Ps : for the ones who want to get this game, dont pay 60 bucks for this one like us and get titans, its the same game with more units/buildings and only 30 $"
,Not Recommended,233250,17626996,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Marumaru,forged alliance is like 3 times better than this n easier to control n manage. This game feels clumsy n not fun as forged alliance.i would rather uninstall this n play the old game again
76561198025222356,Not Recommended,233250,17649093,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Get Salty,"Unfinished game. Would not recommend. Devs abandoned it to create an ""expansion""."
,Recommended,233250,12338045,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Firered101,"This is a great game (especially with friends) and is definitely worth the $30. It is realsed but still has some issues (cannot save a game (but they only take about an hour and a half to 2 hours at most so not too bad especially since you can pause the game, they have a tutorial button but it cannot yet be used, and it could be optomized more). Yes the game is realsed and probably should be a little bit furhter along, however, it is still being updated all the time and those issues will get flushed out. I play this with my friends all the time, it's a blast I know I've mostly talked about the bad but the game is very good as it sits, I'm just saying that it could be better and it will be as they are updating it fairly often."
,Recommended,233250,13283149,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,William,"I dont understand some of these reviews, this is the best RTS game of all time!(The company & dev team have gone way beyond what any other company has done for FREE content updates! )If you have 200+ hours plus in this game & give a negative review, you are a fool!“I love this game, but I wish it had this, this & this & plus a magical elephant boss to defeat!”(Reviews are not feedback to the developers!)(You do need a good computer to run the game, but you all should know that onbored graphics cant really play good games!)  (i7 @3.6,  gtx 770 2GB VRAM,  8Gb RAM, the game uses all you ram so I recommend 16Gb of ram to play like a Robot GOD! )"
76561198053959697,Recommended,233250,15818598,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Saltmeister,Pretty good
,Not Recommended,233250,17620603,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Meltup,"Note: this review is about the situation with relaunching Planetary Annihilation as Planetary Annihilation: Titans and was made as a small parody on thehttp://steamcommunity.com/id/vixenly/recommended/386070/where it was shamefully deleted from comments. Feel free to use it if something (as I definately do not want to even bother myself with PA:Titans):I've kind of been ashamed of my generation of gamers after reading some of these comments and reviews.People who backed PA are happy that they did get PA:Titans for free, so instead of thinking about company behaviour (because apparently a little over 10 dollars is worth of a good opinion), they write any positive review and publish it.I ask most humbly, have you considered that a seperate release brings the game into damnation? That it pushes away old players, weakens a foundation for the community, and shows that Uber really doesn't want to get back into the good graces of their players? They gave a free copy to their 40,000+ kickstarter backers and ask everyone else who owned the game to buy it again for a very strange price. How entitled have we gotten as gamers? Have we forgotton that it takes SOUL to make games, that we wouldn't have a lot of products and amazing revivals if there were ONLY MONEY pouring into development?Wait until PA:Titans goes on sale in a year if you must. Buy it at 5 dollars and condemn devs after a new relaunch like this time with PA:Titans. Make it your personal mission to be upset when you are asked to give even more money for it. Or, you know what? Don't spend the 13 dollars. Most games may charge more but for a DLC of this or even greater magnitude to theoriginalgame. It really is something new on the market of 21th century. It isn't what you think you were promised in Alpha and Beta. It's what Uber decided to do, based on NOT-sharing their opinions and ideas with game community, and the lack of thinking about their customers, about YOU. Let's focus on what they have done for once, and not what we hope, alright?To anyone who is looking for a modern RTS with an amazing sense of scale, super fun and interesting units, AND WHO DO NOT WANT TO GET UPSET WITH A SUDDEN CRAZY IDEAS OF DEVELOPERS - wait. Do not buy PA:Titans."
,Not Recommended,233250,17621314,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Doos Ecks,"It's a shame that I have to pay more for content that should have been in the original game.Don't buy this game, instead buy Supreme Commander, this game is a downgrade compared to it."
,Not Recommended,233250,17623556,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Rocket league of legends,"The problem isn't the game. The game (and titans) is great! Kind of at least.The Problem is UBER doesn't give a rat's♥♥♥♥♥about want the community and the game's playerbase want. Most released updates have been the exact opposite to what a large majority of the community playing the game were expecting. (Myself and my 300+ hours put into this game included)Example? Well the earliest request from the community that I can remember was SHIELDS SHIELDS SHIELDS FOR THE LOVE OF GOD ADD SHIELDS. Still to this date and even in the 'new' game they have not added flipping shields. When the Unit Cannon was released I was ready to call it quits because first of all the unit cannon was the go-to strat for all people and it was horrid. Unless you had orbital def lasers covering every area on the planet, you could easily lose to a couple of unit cannons. Shields would've been a great defence against these types of noob-ish strats but alas Uber did not listen. Even with the unit cannon itself which was a requested element from the community, it was implemented poorly into the game.Uber should not have been the ones to re-create the magic that was Total Annihilation.Simple."
,Not Recommended,233250,17623643,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,LittlestCutestBabyBunny,"Just get Titans if you really awnt to play a Supreme Commander Clone. Paid a fortune for this game in EA, watched the price go down, down, down, down. Overall terrible experience with these developers to ever invest in their games again."
76561198005404224,Not Recommended,233250,17197102,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Phalnax811,I've owned this game for over a year and only managed to get .5 hours out of it.
76561198150461221,Not Recommended,233250,17605698,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Thegamer211,Titans are dlc.
,Recommended,233250,8986056,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,SpeggyAnMergelzz,"From what I've seen it has potential, but it wont work on my laptop because of tthe high preformance this game demands haha   i cannot wait to play this!"
,Not Recommended,233250,13608674,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,DEUS VULT,"Not worth the 5,6 bux it is now.Just a soulless husk of a game made to scam kickstarterbux"
76561198013893577,Not Recommended,233250,13919615,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Procopius,Crashes continually and without fail. Stability is the issue.
,Not Recommended,233250,15273593,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Know0ne,"Hope you have more than 12GB of RAM, without it you'll be miserable.  With it, you have a better chance of enjoying the game.  Gameplay is similar to Supreme Commander, but lacks in strategic tactis and depth due to limited tech levels and units (needs experimentals and counters).If you're looking for that successor to Supreme Commander, this is the closest so far, but it still misses.  Suggest purchasing when the game is $10 or less.... Hopefully future updates can save this game's creative approach and align it with Sup Com."
76561197985330664,Not Recommended,233250,19918745,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,davidcarlson23,"Just bleh.Compared to Forged Alliance and vanilla SupCom, this game is pathetic. Honestly, the original version of Total Annihilation (judged by today’s standards) is still much better.  Even SupCom 2 is very noticeable better than this.Compared to other RTS games, there is simply nothing to see here.  Just don’t bother."
76561198130480714,Not Recommended,233250,20155073,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,FugaziDroid,Scam dont buy this garbage. They released this buggy POS then fixed some problesma added features that should have been part of this game and then sold it as a new game.  Thanks Obama
76561198113681161,Not Recommended,233250,20266293,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,alexk1d,this is my biggest mistake in video games purchases.  i've been playing for 30 years.  i paid this 65$.  this wouldn't even be  worth your time if it was free
76561198038663630,Not Recommended,233250,20383016,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Terrorgod,This game is dead. They made the same game again which should be dlc but the re-launched it to get away from bad reviews and to force us to hand them money. Also the inclusion of only one faction is kinda lame.
76561198031027183,Not Recommended,233250,20415804,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,lacanseven,Thanks to this game I am never buying another early access game again.
76561198007044399,Not Recommended,233250,20435431,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,TheCrazyHoneyBadger,Never buying another Uber game again...this is a joke.....
76561198028165385,Not Recommended,233250,21260854,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,<Roman>,Thanks for the standalone addon dildoids. Haven't touched this game since Titans was launched. Not paying $13 for something that should have been in the game.
76561198084752639,Not Recommended,233250,21476707,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Necromancer,buying the same game twice ? no more money for developers.
,Not Recommended,233250,21715195,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,gavkguid,"Such a good concept, and so much wasted potential... Shows you what greed can do to a game."
76561198086150731,Not Recommended,233250,22190220,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,septimus,"how not to alienate your fanbasestep 1 DO NOT ADD 3 UNITS AND SELL THE RESULTING DLC AS AN ENTIRELY NEW GAME BEFORE THE FIRST ONE IS EVEN FINISHEDthat is pretty much it actually so if the devs dont screw up that badly it should still be good,THEY DID WHAT"
76561197970536836,Not Recommended,233250,22263991,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Melzkia,Waste of money plain and simple.
76561198042682374,Not Recommended,233250,22324379,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,GodEmperorDonald,I had this removed from my account permanently. I paid 90$ for it.
76561198129200769,Not Recommended,233250,22346774,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Lemonboy,Trust NONE of the positive reviews
76561198050142944,Not Recommended,233250,22402900,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Tranquil Zebra,"Sad to say, this game is almost actively hostile to monitors with a high pixel density. The diagonal of my screen is less than 12'', and the resolution is 3200:1800. As a result of this, the user interface automatically scales to a ""proportionate"" size that would, perhaps, be suitable for a screen half as wide as I am tall. To put it simply, the interface and HUD elements are way too small. Changing the resolution options in game only affects model quality, not the scale, and installing mods to scale the UI invariably pushes a majority of it off screen. If you have a screen with lower pixel density, or if you do not mind rooting around in the system settings every time you're up for a game, it plays fine, but I would probably urge you to consider the more current PA: Titans instead. As it is, the game is unplayable for me so I cannot in good conscience recommend it, but beyond it's glaring flaws I'veheardit's good, at least."
76561197989366318,Recommended,233250,22482472,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,WulfBane,"Planetary Annihilation certainly pays respects to Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander. Anybody who has played either of those games will certainly feel right at home with Planetary Annihilation.The gameplay itself is very streamlined and not difficult to learn at all. Although the camera can be awkward at times, the fact that you're combating over entire planets at a time really shows why the camera will do what it does. As is typical of an RTS, basic units are very weak, with their upgrades being extremely powerful. The added orbital battlefield creates a fun environment in which you're not only concerned with land, sea, and air, but also units in orbit over the planet.The graphics of the game are fair, with the appearance extremely reminiscent of Supreme Commander 2.Overall, the game is fun, but nothing to spectacular."
76561198082769910,Not Recommended,233250,23005770,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,ethanlovescookie,"Cant even run the game anymore, and I think the only ""new"" thing is the unit cannon that they promised but then almost didnt add. Enough people rioted that they decided to give us one new thing. Thats it. Dont expect support or updates. Not worth the money"
,Not Recommended,233250,23108807,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,[spoopy]Latios,"Just some quick points:- Game feels unfinished even though it's no longer in early access.- Devs don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about this game anymore since they can just build on the Titans ""expansion"".- ""Galactic War"", a poor excuse of a story-based campaign.Don't let the preview/screenshots fool you. They try to make the game ""unique"", but really the only thing that's different are the 3D maps (planets). Which IMO, feels no different to the traditional 2D maps in other RTS's. If anything, it's harder to use.If you've already played different RTS's, don't try this game. You'll only disappoint yourself."
76561198030288251,Recommended,233250,30012406,Posted: 18 February,all,Writh's Wrath,"I don't regret my purchase, it is a bit laggy in the later game when you have a ton of units though"
76561198075874227,Not Recommended,233250,13608010,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Usma,"This game is made good, plays good but have no spirit at all...I miss that feeling of must play it all the time.waste of money"
76561197977961606,Not Recommended,233250,21519249,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,forfanatic,Don't waste your time and money.
76561198138821600,Not Recommended,233250,21646587,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,That guy,this looked interesting but it just wont run i have a great pc and good internet i don't know why it wont work but the single player mode is kinda fun
,Not Recommended,233250,21805351,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,SGCam,"This was developing as a pretty great game...until Titans.  I bought the game a little after release and loved playing it.  Things were great, with some minor bugs, but they were being slowly fixed.  And then Titans came along, and the existing playerbase was forced to re-buy the same game all over again- just to get the content that many were promised to begin with.  While I loved the game, I was sickened by the business practices of this company.  The base game is completely dead now, no player base and no support.  If you choose to get this, get Titans, it is a pretty great RTS game.  But I will never buy a game from this company again."
,Not Recommended,233250,21855017,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Commander Meouch,it's♥♥♥♥♥
76561197968741389,Not Recommended,233250,21880445,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Sydalesis,This game was abandonware shortly after release due to devs being greedy and releasing a patch as a full game (titans).Reminds me of wargame series. No wonder the community is non existent. Never buying from Uber Entertainment ever again. Avoid this
76561197989722936,Not Recommended,233250,22072038,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Reaper,Lots of potential but ultimately very disappointing and short.
76561198111753714,Not Recommended,233250,22081326,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Vonvuviz,a waste of time & money
76561198011202143,Not Recommended,233250,22169125,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,RustyShackleford3,"So incredibly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about this game. It held so much promise. Besides promising so much that was never delivered upon, I have never been able to play more than five minutes of it. It was updated at one point to where it would not run on my laptop (This was a decent gaming laptop). I have since bought a brand new Lenovo gaming laptop and it STILL has the same problem. The mouse cursor will never show up. Ive tried changing all of my settings 100 times to no avail. I just wish I could get my money back."
76561198082299261,Recommended,233250,22274993,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Mercion,This is a very fun simplistic RTS. Of course I would reccomend you buying it and giving it a try. All around I'd give this game an 8/10.
,Not Recommended,233250,22534368,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,The Parrot God,i suported you with 60 bucks... now i have to pay for something that is a damn expansion?i beg you people do not support these people they are ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and shitbags.even if you make the goty i wil not support you....one more thing ♥♥♥♥ YOU!!!
76561198010484052,Not Recommended,233250,23031820,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Phlippieskezer,"Wonderful concept with lots of potential, but really feels like it was incomplete. Extremely laggy, no factions, AI is poor, and they released what should have been an update as DLC. Very big let-down. I pity anyone that backed this project or bought it when it was $90 on Steam.Oh, and the game also doesn't even open for me without crashing any more, but that's hardly a disappointment."
76561198141120763,Recommended,233250,30208658,Posted: 26 February,all,Starrynight by Nosferatu,Pretty fun game but the normal AI commaders sit outside their base in the open and are pretty easy to kill.Pick the game up if its on sale
,Not Recommended,233250,13200714,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Copper Boltwire,"Poorly optimized♥♥♥♥♥♥of a game, eats up 16 gb ram for no explicit reason, I'll let this image speak for it self:https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/58083180/WTF_Planetary_Annihilation_Eats_16_gb_Ram.pngTHIS SHOULD NOT HAPPEN!The devs of this, are more then just armatures... Wish I can get my money back, but that is not a possibility on Steam.Well, at least i know how much of a disappointment this game is.The only positive thing is that I like the art style of the game, but that's where it ends!EDIT: Forgot to tell that the image above was taken after 9 minutes of gameplay against a single AI on a single planet on lowest graphical settings... (Computer Specs on my profile)"
76561198019001968,Not Recommended,233250,13614440,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,OB.Foamy,One of the modt buggyest games ever made. I wasted money on this belive me do not buy it. For your banks sake.
76561198040548721,Not Recommended,233250,15599094,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Ultimadune,"For the first 10 minutes of a game its pretty good, but after that the game expects you to micromanage 20 different things at once. It's far too hard to keep track of whats going on, especially with the glitchy selecting.There is also a few things that are bound to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, like anchors built on your home planet. You don't get an alert about this and there is nothing that you can counter them with without taking severe losses."
76561198042841762,Not Recommended,233250,15847044,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Nolox,"Quite fun and very engaging. A little rough to get the hang of but once you do it is fun. However, game is very laggy ,crashes and matchmaking takes forever to set. This is unacceptable in a modern multiplayer game."
76561198071045792,Not Recommended,233250,19181060,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Goldenpackage,"this game had the potential to become a great game. but it never became what the game devs promised. Instead they just grabbed everybodys money and ran away from this game. then after a year they released some expansion that they called Plantary Annihalation TITANS a so called ""game changer"" but with features that should have been in the game from the start not as a 40$ oh and us who already owned the game whe got a timed 10% discount on the PAT  ""expansion""UBER. I used to like the things you made...they looked so promesing.then you made this moneygrabing, steaming pile of unoptimized♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""for the players to enjoy""♥♥♥♥ YOU UBER."
76561197994891313,Not Recommended,233250,19300742,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,DeMo,Potential to outclass supreme commander squandered by a company that doesnt seem to care about balance and AI tweaks.
76561197972417028,Not Recommended,233250,19743117,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Cobalt Lion,"Promised a lot to fans of Supreme Commander and Total Anihilation, and then failed to deliver on any of it. This is the game I use as my example of why I don't back Kickstarter games anymore."
,Not Recommended,233250,19788510,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,EvilCasper,crap
,Not Recommended,233250,20310060,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,9S,"First of all, don't buy this game unless you've got money to blow, if you're searching for an game, get the game I've described down here.I really enjoyed -Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance- and it's multiplayer client Forged Alliance Forever.Only seeing the visuals of this game and the idea was great, but not well executed. The game was extremely system intensive and now this?I cannot, and will not pay another 40 euro's just to purchase this game. I love mass, I love energy (The economy system in the Total Annihilation/Supcom games) but Uber is terrible.Please stop making bad quality high priced video games.4/10 - HCW Score."
76561197982872523,Not Recommended,233250,20383684,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,_sjc_,I havent played this game in a while but it was one of the biggest disapointments i have ever bought.  I can even bring myself to redownload it and try it again.
,Not Recommended,233250,20428961,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Kaptain Kronic,They released an expansion? At full price? I still have yet to play this game due to the fact that it crashes on startup. I have tried four different computers. I have waited months then tried again. These devs have the audacity to re-release the same game with an update at full price and the original doesnt even ♥♥♥♥ing work for everyone? I'll never buy from these developers again.
76561198075378383,Not Recommended,233250,20429179,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,pison3,"lagging - don't think that it is because of my computer, very stereotype , not very intuitive control"
,Not Recommended,233250,20431934,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,rvyne,1 of reason why I never bother buying early-access game on steam...   just abandon and re-brand same game and re-sell it.. really despicable!sorry this will be my first and last time I'll be buying anything from this developer...
,Not Recommended,233250,20459246,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,sfxer0,"This steaming pile was the biggest mistake I have made.   I love RTS games and I would have loved this except they literally dump you into and expect you to have magically known how to play.  NO, I  do not want to watch a video tell me how to play.   NO,  I do not want to play skirmishes to learn the ropes.   How about a small campaign?   Was that too much to ask?   Something to dip my toe in?   I got this game thinking it had something like that only to realize that was not the case...at all.   Perhaps they added a single player ""learn the ropes"" campaign,  but I don't really give a damn at this point because I don't really want to install it to find out.The game looked amazing,  it really is too bad that they didn't help new players learn how to actually play it.   Getting rolled by the AI because you have no idea what to build, what build order,  what counters what,  what units are situational and dependant on certain things etc,  is really unfortunate.   Imagine if Starcraft didn't have a single player campaign and just dumped you into a skirmish?    I bet most people would have given up on the game.I really wish I could request a refund for this game,  but since i bought it more than a year ago I think (before refunds) I am guaranteed to be♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck as of 1/10/2016."
76561198197979367,Recommended,233250,20622276,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Dragoneye098,Crashing planets into other planets and blowing things up with a giant space laser. Enough said.
76561198007058549,Not Recommended,233250,20652125,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,floppy_evil,"mostly broken, scam game."
,Not Recommended,233250,20901359,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,solja boy,They should give us the dlc for free. We kickstarters are the reason your game exists.
,Recommended,233250,20936498,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,AlmostToast,7/10
,Not Recommended,233250,21081308,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,scary mharti!!,already paid for this game i dont wanna pay for it again
76561197960558586,Not Recommended,233250,21197170,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Darkcrono,"The game had potential. However, they basically took our money, made a fairly decent game with a lot of issues (which was to be expected with an early pre-release game), and then suddenly one day they claimed this game was released. They also released an ""expansion"" that people have been saying fixes all of the issues this ""released"" version has. They expect you to pay them AGAIN to have an actual finished product.I will not buy anything else from you Uber."
76561198011795054,Not Recommended,233250,21284684,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,BooMan,"Very fun game. I'd enjoy it more if I could actually complete a game without it crashing. In fact, I'd absolutely recommend it IF it would stop crashing."
,Not Recommended,233250,21404781,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,One-Punch Man,"Do not buy this piece of sh♥♥! Devs left this game to make clone of it, name it TITANS and make lot of $$. Don't be a deer, leave this game and show your middle finger to this conmans, frauds and welshers, who wants you to pay twice for game."
76561197974905411,Not Recommended,233250,21512456,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Wiesel Flink,no
76561198042354728,Not Recommended,233250,21551129,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Kim Jong Poon,
,Not Recommended,233250,21613175,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Grant,"So let me tell you what happened, they released a game in beta, I bought it, then they made the beta the actual game. Didn't deliver on anything, then magically came out with an expansion and fixed all the bugs with the beta...I'm sorry original game, and charged for all the things they promised in the beginning. They also threw in like 10 new units. Big whoop."
76561198062259612,Not Recommended,233250,21613734,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Terror,"I want the new expansion , but i don't want to pay more....because i pay 85 euro as kickstarter"
,Not Recommended,233250,21618132,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Nordman,A great game if you want to spend a lot of time on forums trying to make it playable without crashes.Tried single player and after a few missions it wont let me play anymore and just say no regions available.
76561198083849361,Not Recommended,233250,21993497,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Dr. Lorenzo Von Matterhorn,Uber Entertainment = Moneysuckingfrauds
,Recommended,233250,22127847,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Salarn,"https://youtu.be/Te3D4KwyK4IGiant killer robots fighting for forgotten reasons who like to throw planets at each other, not the worst plot for a video game.This RTS game is all about huge armies smashing into each other and exploding in impressive mushroom clouds.  The micro is on the economy to optimally build swarms to attack your foes and not focus on individual unit control.The multiple gametype options offer plenty to do in the game alone or versus other humans when battling to control the galaxy."
76561198043711616,Not Recommended,233250,22171983,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Peter B Jordanson,"Ripped off by Early Access, again.. How's that saying go? Shame on me? 2 years, $90 wasted"
76561197970537823,Not Recommended,233250,22196589,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,johnnyvette,"First, I am a single player campaign player.  I enjoy multi-player too, but the campaign is first, and foremost, for me.  This game was supposed to be the remake of Total Annihilation and it is a shear dissapointment on the campaign front AND the graphics.  The graphics are horrible!  TA had better graphics 20 years ago!  The lack of color and pretty landscapes make me feel like I'm playing an ATARI game from 30 years back.  TA also had a long, and hard, campaign, especially, if you played it on hard mode and I loved it.  This game doesn't even have a campaign!  Just a string of skirmish games.  There is no story to speak of whatsoever!  How does a developer miss on almost every important front?  I really just don't get it.   Too many games, these days, have no story line, or campaign, and they rely on the player to entertain themselves.  Well, I'm sorry, but when I buy a game I demand a good story, and campaign, that entertains me as I play.  I rarely give any game a negative review but I HAD to on this game as I'm extremely dissapointed.  I really thought this game had some good potential but they definitely missed the mark everywhere.  If you loved TA, and you enjoy deep RTS campaigns, stay FAR away from this one.  I wasted my money on this game and I rarely do that.  When this game was in kickstarter there wasn't much competition out there but there are a good number of newer RTS games that blow this one off the map!  Pardon the pun.  I recommend Grey Goo, Company of Heroes 2, Starcraft 2, or Ashes of Singularity as all of these games make Planetary Annihilation look, and feel, like it was made by a one man team.  Don't waste your money, or even more importantly, your time on this failure."
76561198005998860,Not Recommended,233250,22274145,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Fujhover,"This game suck, bad AI, bad multiplayer, bad performance, bad dev"
,Recommended,233250,22280092,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Plumtecgames,"I really enjoyed playing this game! I know there are quite a number of negative reviews, but I think you should give this game a chance. I'll be honest... I stopped playing this game a while ago. Not because I got bored of it, I guess my computer wasn't powerful enough to run the game that well. Anyway, I definitely recommend this game especially if it's on sale. As far as pros and cons go, I guess I'll give it my best shot since a lot of the reviews I read contain them.Pros+You can lauch the moon into another planet! C'mon, you know you love to make things go BOOM!+You can create a massive army and annihilate your enemies!!+Did I mention you can launch the moon into another planet? Just making sure ;)+Great graphics+An exceptional balance between management(Energy,resources,ect.) and absolute destruction.Cons-Crashes. I haven't played for a while so I don't know if this is still a problem for most people+That's litterally all I can think of right now. If you want to see more reviews on the problems people are having with this game you can always read the negative reviews.Well, I tried my best writing this review. I hope it helps because this is how I truly feel about this game."
,Not Recommended,233250,22350668,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Slick,Lackluster
76561197994706046,Not Recommended,233250,22380669,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Gothic Purple Squirrel,"My recomendation, play Supreme Commander 1 and find the AI mod that fixes the lag in big games."
,Not Recommended,233250,22409427,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,mehka,"Don't buy this!!Developers of this game are real a******s, but if you still want this game, than buy Planetary Annihilation: TITANS. It's the same game, but with real big bots. Unfortunately Uber Entertainment decided, that instead of making Titans an update or DLC to this game, thay made it as a standalone game."
,Not Recommended,233250,22628287,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Michael Chernov,Nice Game but almost no servers... the devs took out what they were planning in the game and added it in a standalone expension that was supposed to be in this game. The game was supposed to be updated regulary but the devs just said that it's not early access anymore. The devs are cheaters!
76561198002311337,Not Recommended,233250,22192344,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Commander EPIC,"The game play looks amazing, game play itself is not fun. They also held back units and pushed them out as a DLC. The game developers are greedy horrible people, I feel cheated (which is how EVERYONE else who bought this game feels, go read other reviews).Go spend your money on Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance, you will be much happier,"
,Not Recommended,233250,22197512,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,philipborg,"The concept is nice and might work decently multiplayer. It is however one of the most unbalanced games I have played. Early strike tactics are, at least against AI, almost certain to secure victory. Just before I wrote this review I played ~50 games against Absurd AI, which is supposedly the hardest, and it was a walk in the park being one of the easiest RTS games I have played."
,Not Recommended,233250,22281922,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,L-Dot Skrilla Killa OG,"It had potential, but it never came through. RIP."
76561198052173519,Not Recommended,233250,22328795,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,神奇的陆师傅,"Because of this game, i never buy kickstarter things that underdevelopment or something that people promised to be good."
76561198018717261,Not Recommended,233250,22427013,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Lord Nibbler,"This Game Does Not work.This game is at best slow, at worst just wont run. On anything, It's broken by design. (Tested on 4 different computers with different brands of GPU's, Laptops & Desktops Windows and Linux. over a period of more than a year)Don't buy it. It doesnt work.Don't buy it, it hasn't been updated in 6 months.Don't Buy it, it will never work.Uber has abandoned this game.(Uber if you are reading this and consider this libal you are wrong. GO FIX YOUR GAME)"
,Not Recommended,233250,22439391,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Tofu,"A glitchy game that's broken, and unfinished. The game is unpolished comparable to a game in alpha stages of game development. Rather than fixing game-breaking glitches in PA, or addressing the horribly unoptimized performance issues, they release an expansion with the same problems. Any player that has played this game will realize the company released this game prematurely, and abandoned the development entirely, only to release poorly made additions as an expansion to steal your money.Stay away from this game, and stay away from this company."
76561198005641299,Not Recommended,233250,22462182,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,tick-tock,"Enjoyed Supreme Commander and Total Annihilation so much. Thought all the sissies are just whining their bum sore.But it is true. Somehow Uber just released unfinished crap, took your money and ran with it.I recommend this game to Uber Entertainment. May they have to play it for at least 10'000 hrs straight as punishment."
,Not Recommended,233250,22576457,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Ben0nator,"Don't waste your money.If you must, get ""Planetery Annihilation: Titans"" on sale.(It is the finished, standalone expansion of this game)The gameplay has its moments.You'll need some friends with said game to replace the lacking community."
76561197983002941,Not Recommended,233250,23012681,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,KAG Giddy the Mammoth,"While it might seem to be a good idea it has multiple problems especially randomly crashing, or failing to load, Needs some more refinement to be truly a good game."
76561198127147114,Recommended,233250,23367731,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,THUNDERRRR,love the game
76561197970670901,Not Recommended,233250,25218505,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Amoeba,Ambitious plan with no substance.
,Recommended,233250,29287276,Posted: 15 January,all,Captain-Herlock,If you have to much time play this game.
,Not Recommended,233250,13595852,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,:3,why the hell does it keep crashing?
,Not Recommended,233250,15644008,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,lion1grape,I can't believe I wasted my money on this.... definitley not worth it
,Not Recommended,233250,15847428,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,FireFreezer,"I played Total Annihilation and tons of other games at this genre. There was good and less good ones, but none of them was so much half-baked like Planetary Annihilation. The gameplay is kinda annoying and lacks in important features for this game genre, the graphics are kinda poor.To me it seems, the developers wanted to push it out as fast as possible, it's pretty unfinished and lousy executed. Probably one day it will be a better game, if they invest a LOT more of work into gameplay, features and visuals. but for now it's not worth to buy it, not even discounted. Sorry."
,Not Recommended,233250,16515595,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,OMYBLUEBERY,"This game is absolutely way to difficult IMO. On normal mode i get rolled in about 2 minutes by a full enemy patrol, before i can even get enough of an army build to acctually defend myself. ive lost 12 games in a row now because of this, and no matter what i do i cannot freakin win. WAY too difficult, i do not recomend buying this unless you are a hardcore gamer and dont mind ""normal"" mode feeling like very hard on CaC."
76561198070680438,Not Recommended,233250,19123421,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,DerpyCatman,Im not sure about this review. Ive played it some and it seems fun but after getting late into games fps drops and glitches do happen. I enjoy it but its not worth $30. If you like Supreme Commander 2 you may like this game.
76561198259580375,Recommended,233250,19623754,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,steelyplums,Awesome
,Not Recommended,233250,19917494,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Caderno,"- Too few units compared to TotalA or SupComm, gets boring quickly- Bad UI- Completely unplayable on linux (visual bugs, memory leak resulting in computer freezing)- Game looks unfinished and yet they are charging a lot for DLCs / expansionAt first this game brought a lot of hope for TotalA and SupComm players by grouping many elements of their gameplay and style together and adding more on top of it. Planets looks like a cool idea but in the end this is just a watered down version of those games, lacking a LOT of depth and mechanics.Turns out this game is either a failure or a money magnet (I'd bet on this given the expansion), even the widely criticized SupComm2 is better than this. Trust the low rating and mostly negative reviews: do not buy Planetary Annihilation!"
76561198084348985,Not Recommended,233250,20231083,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,uncle orson,i thought it didnt get any worse than starforge
,Not Recommended,233250,21590452,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Hunter,"I this game a while ago and well its runs so badly . My specs are gtx 970 4Gb , 16 gb of ram and i7 4790. i should be able to playable frame rate !"
,Not Recommended,233250,21649583,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Will20,bad developers
,Not Recommended,233250,21663146,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Dr.Bobo1989,"Total♥♥♥♥♥♥.. Started off with a barely working Beta, to non-working ""full"" game, absolute horse wank... UBER should be shamed, even more so they have the nerve to release a ""new"" full price game, which I have to pay £10 for even though I backed the Kickstater! ♥♥♥♥♥♥s..."
,Not Recommended,233250,21838773,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Basjohn,"If you have the choice between buying this game in hopes of ANYTHING resembling TA, SC or a quality experience of any level or crushing your skull in massive blender, pick the blender."
,Not Recommended,233250,22095814,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,ceown,"The game is half finished as it stands and they offer another version called titans. Basically it's what should have been in this game, but they opted to ""create"" a new game at full price instead.Shady move guys."
,Recommended,233250,20612668,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Under,The game itself is great. Almost 100% of the negative comments are because of kickstart fail and expansion.Have fun!
,Recommended,233250,20734800,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Koala³,Good Game. Although the expansion is a little lackluster people need to understand that this is on par with the rest of RTS's expansion packs
76561198047535182,Not Recommended,233250,20743626,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Meteorik,"UBER are a complete scumbag developer!!!!!!! Sold this game with early access, never finished it, then sold it again under another name. If i could set a bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥on fire on their doorstep and ring the bell i would."
76561198013820417,Not Recommended,233250,20843924,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Newie,"Common theme, ok but the global aspect makes it difficult by just being hard to control. All the aspects of the original TA but this re-work makes C2 too difficult to leverage advantages... just seems like a numbers game / swarm"
76561198035014683,Not Recommended,233250,20954067,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,crabelix,Take my money and run...
76561198065398294,Not Recommended,233250,20954127,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Yed Deb Redempation 2,"Didn't keep to they promises in early alpha, then they released DLC and a spin off game, pppsh what a rip off."
,Not Recommended,233250,21083374,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Genxrush,Dont ever buy anything from Uber Entertainment unless you like to throw away money.  They make videos and get your money then those features dont make it into the game and they just try and sell you another that they hint might have those features. Terrible company I will never buy anything from them ever again.
76561198114654096,Not Recommended,233250,21094271,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,jeradjohnso,Laughably bad game.
76561198000869086,Not Recommended,233250,21124205,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,senem2327,"Crash.Crash.Crash.it crashes.Planetary Annihilation is a really cool game, i like it.but the problem here is that i cant play multiplayer.i cant even make my own server.if i want to join a server, my game crashes.or if i want to make a server, it crashes too.the only thing i can play is singleplayer. but i want to play multiplayer.i wont recommend this game if you want to play multiplayer."
76561198065629966,Not Recommended,233250,21163889,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,conchydoug,Theives!!! Sold a broke game... thanks.
76561197970545438,Not Recommended,233250,21228126,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Shallon,"DONT EVER BY A UBER GAME, they will only screw you at the first oppertunity.Not only was this game orignially $90 odd as soon as they where getting close to haveing a game that would be sellable, they finished the final few features and added more then the 6 units you got in the orignial and sold it as a whole standalone game."
76561198052408168,Not Recommended,233250,21308838,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Musashi,Woooooooooooow.  I hadn't reviewed this hap hazard game because I hadn't yet played Supreme Commander.Now I can review this game.  PA is a complete ripoff of supreme commander + planet smashing.  Don't buy this overpriced♥♥♥♥♥♥♥just buy supreme commander if you're interested.
76561198155431289,Not Recommended,233250,21351493,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Resident Hobo,"I just wanted Total Annihilation 2, not bad a.i. simulator..."
,Not Recommended,233250,21466215,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,VestalTempest,"It had pontential, Pontential was not used ):"
,Not Recommended,233250,21526979,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,[V-M] Zacheria Malfor,"I had high hopes for this game, especially after the kickstarter campaign and the seeming dedication from Uber. Like so many I was sucked in to their promises and their apparent credibility.Unfortunately PA seems to have been abanadoned in favour of Titans, which arguably is the product they should have released. It's a terribly shame and as a result of the reprehensible business practices demonstrated by Uber I will be boycotting all future works from this studio."
76561198029426141,Not Recommended,233250,21546604,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Sapper10,"Having already waited for 20 minutes for my match to load, I have decided to write this review in the meantime. We are waiting for their dedicated server to load our map. This is ridiculous. The dedicated servers need some serious upgrades. There is a nice diversity to units and playing styles, but the lethargic server hosting just drains the pre-game enthusiasm.I just alt-tabbed to check my game. It is still ♥♥♥♥ing loading........"
76561198037369368,Not Recommended,233250,21573928,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,harper.buonanno,"Enjoyment quickly turns ot frustration, and releasing a 'final' version of the game as a standalone is a slap in the face ot early adopters. Not reccomended."
76561198044738602,Not Recommended,233250,21578811,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,rebele3,"Buggy game, exceeds memory & crashes if too many units are produced (and by too many, I mean more than about two playersworth.) This known bug persists after over a year. Additionally, Uber played a bait-and-switch with Titans. Fun game, but not worth the money and cannot reccomend."
,Recommended,233250,21667821,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,DEIN FUHRER,amazing/ hi daniel
76561198057075897,Not Recommended,233250,21758247,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,[APG][DK] Dawnstorm,Asked money ffor almsot exactly ame game with a few extra units instead of it being dlc it seems they have moved on from their original model and want $50 for a few extra units. Not going to recommend.
,Not Recommended,233250,21899101,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Oblivion,"Boring, difficult, unfinished and totally not worth the price.I feel even worse for the people that paid around £90 for it when it was a kickstarter and this is the poster boy as to why you should never support one.The devs ate complete♥♥♥♥♥holes. Just read the other reviews about the 'expansion'"
,Not Recommended,233250,21954721,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Solstan,"Literally save your money, worst game I have ever bought. They have had the same bugs for over a year and will never fix them. Its an amazing concept for a game, but the developers gave no ♥♥♥♥♥ about the fan base. They released titan and gave up on all else. Dont buy from this develeper."
,Not Recommended,233250,22153138,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Cohj,"Have you played Total Annihilation, Supreme Commander? I can appreciate a game taking an old idea and putting a new spin on it but they didn't. They recycled old ideas and with worse graphics and even less thrilling gameplay. Going from Planet to Planet was pretty cool but a good chunk of the maps were only one planet and the planets, If it had water. It was just enough land to be annoying. Mass deposits galore so difficult, it actually restricted building. It's a good idea and It could've been good but it wasn't, unless you want to have a game to mess with while you're watching tv or doing laundry. This game will not hold your attention."
76561198000652062,Not Recommended,233250,22190891,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,EndoNerd,Released the same game with a new price tag! Should have given it as FREE DLC to the community members who invested and believed in you guys. (THE GAME IS A LIE!)
76561198098244482,Not Recommended,233250,22200460,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,UnknownSoooshie,SO insanely broken. because the entire solar system is loaded in the game runs at like 10 fps on a gtx 980m.
,Recommended,233250,22326209,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Travis,i like it
,Not Recommended,233250,22339927,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,newgroundcreations,"I really enjoy my Strategy games, my big problem with this title is instability. Generally I'm a turtle, so defences, defences, defences. All that while building a seriously overpowering army. My problem is the crashing, If a game lasts longer than 25 minutes, it crashes. I'm not going to deny that I have multiple construction teams with queues of around 50 to 60 buildings in them, I'm not going to deny have at least 50 factories pumping out units that I can drop through a portal, but when I go through all that prep and never get to see the war because the game crashes, if you know that the game has stability issues around having too many units, then set population caps based on RAM. Yes, you will get people complaining about the population limit but you'll have more stability and a lot more followers of the title.I'm not a rush player, so don't make me play like one for the game to work."
76561198083370068,Not Recommended,233250,22416044,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Supercow1236,"I wouldnt have bought this game 2 years ago during the ""sale"" if I knew the devs would rip off the very early PA fanbase and ask for more money for a finished product and lowering the price for the vanilla PA...Sure, we spent more money for early access. But what if that early access is abandoned for an expensive addon to ""complete"" the game.... either manage your money correctly or tell the community your plans ahead of time, you don`t need another item to be purchased by the steam community to make up for the failed kickstarter ""human resources"" you need a finished product that people will buy."
76561198038100635,Not Recommended,233250,22492481,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Mad_Hattah,"This is the worst piece of garbage I have ever purchased and to think they would promise us so much then turn around and abandon this game and release the same one with all the content added to it. They all have d icks in their butts as far as I'm concerned, bunch of fanny bandits..."
76561198067216841,Not Recommended,233250,23007839,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,FelineFlunky114,dead comunlty and wants even more money for what was inishaly free update nice guys good game
76561198043030288,Not Recommended,233250,23107919,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Engr the Nub-☜♡☞-,"WHY YOU HURT ME, WHY!Alpha Release on steam = $90 Didn't get the early alpha content on steam, a few weeks after the release on steam a notice surfaces of not all things promised to kickstarter buyers of $90 will be for steam buyers… All I got was a badge that only I can see…….Beta = $60- all content transferredRelease=$30 - Crappy release with a ton of bugs and issuesSteam sale= Choses to have a discount so early on and so massive as it became $5…..When I heard that they might be releasing DLC I thought ""Hay that could make up for the sh*t they pulled, free content for me"".....That was the final slap in the face, not only was it not free it was a pay wall to get content and fixes that should have been included… ALL THIS WAS ALSO RELEASED AS A STAND ALONE GAME.OH, but they are generous enough to have a %65 Discount upgrade for people who already owned the game %65 of $40… Sorry , but they should have had this free for people who bought the game or at least discounted people who bought the base game and had it free for people who bought into Beta+...."
76561198049789136,Not Recommended,233250,23535429,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Sentient,"8 gigs of ram, quad core!? are you joking?Fix you're damn game!!!"
76561198100897738,Not Recommended,233250,23554999,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,MisterAwesomePants™,"Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ repetetive and boring, the real game was supposed to be like TITANS but noooo, pay up you ♥♥♥♥ers.Game 2/10Dev -5/10"
76561198018574102,Recommended,233250,24355649,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,[SiGL]schase,"This game is alot of fun, it plays somewhat like red alert 3 except there is alot more stuff happening at the same time.thousands of units waging war while small groups of builders prepare a death ray or thusters to launch small planets into another, killing everything on it.Keep your commander safe, it dies and you lose"
,Recommended,233250,28437144,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Juan Pérez,"Is this game dead? Or do you need a Titans version to play it now? This is just sad. Still, the single player is a little bit of fun. I cannot not recommend this title, cause I had some great time playing it with my friend, but you better go but PA: Titans. Don't waste your money on this one."
76561198058031555,Recommended,233250,29218376,Posted: 12 January,all,LD-LB,very fun
76561197990878725,Recommended,233250,30158553,Posted: 24 February,all,Big Sarge 4ID,Good game.
,Recommended,233250,15819419,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,WaKKO151,"Supreme Commander on round maps in a solar system. I personally prefer 1 planet maps right now because I am new and still learning. The game play is solid and balanced. The economy is easy to understand. And the micro is not as important as in other games. Hands down best version of Supreme Commander I have ever played. Mods are great but could be better. Again, new but I feel like after all this time that it might be limitations on the system.Overall this is great game.-Solid Gameplay-Well Balanced-Endless replayability.-Good Multiplayer.-Mods.Worth: $50.00"
,Not Recommended,233250,17590125,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,[POSH] Xray,"The game is a lot of fun, although it can get really repetetive, where the best fun is found in online matches (Which I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥at) that people usually end up spamming one (Maybe a few) type of unit to slaughter everyone else. This game doesn't really feel that finished with still quite a few bugs, but it's still being updated, so I can give some leniency, and hopefully the devs make this game truly badass. Besides this bit of flaw, it's rather fun to watch your enemy's world be blown to pieces by a Death Star-like planet, or to smash an asteroid into your enemy. This game shows a lot of promise and I would definitely recommend picking it up, especially if you have friends to play with/against.UPDATE 8/18/15: They ♥♥♥♥ed it up. They decide to re-release the game with a few new things and brand it as neither an update nor DLC, but a whole new game. Planetary Annihilation: Titans. It should've been an update for this game, but they go ahead and go for the money grubbing tactic and release it as a $39.99 game here on Steam. What. The. ♥♥♥♥."
76561198259507004,Not Recommended,233250,32085744,Posted: 31 May,all,redvsblue,i dont know what is going on on teh servers of planetary annihilation but its focking stupid fixs your focking♥♥♥♥♥♥fixs it
76561198073453011,Not Recommended,233250,16281622,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Silent Hunter,I dont write negative reviews for games. Well i didn't until i got this game. and dont people go say i dont have the hardware specs or whatever i do it says it on the store page and if i could i would get a refund but i have had the game since October so i can't. i would very much like a refund of the game and the £19.99 i paid for the delux bundle so i can physically just go and spend the money on something else. the game has consistent playing problems and i have barely had 57 mins playtime purely because everytime i have tried to play the game it crashes. gets to the planet the robot hits ground game freezes and i have to ctrl alt del to just get to the screen saying the game has failed to play properly. the game files are all validated and fine i checked them 10 times as i have written this review for you all to read. I am extremely sorry that this game can't play properly because i wanted so badly to play a game that would be exactly like this. i know no one would give me a refund for this game but it would be very nice if you would because its just been a pain in my backside since the day i got it and as hard as it is to believe i didn't even know hwo to get refunds until less than two weeks ago... thanks for reading.
,Recommended,233250,12337496,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Hypnosis,Best RTS!
76561198095873792,Recommended,233250,12016325,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,[RLM] Webby,"Awesome game! It's the first game of it's kind in the RTS genre, using sphereical maps instead of small square ones. The maps themselves are weapons, such as the Annihilasor (Metal planet) and any planet that you can put Halleys on. The game is actually very optimized, dropping to no less than 15FPS even on the ""minimum"" specifications in most cases, and the game is still actively being improved,with offline being finalized andservers being even more optimized. The gameplay is usually pretty darn fun, even with a few bugs here and there, however, MAKE SURE YOUR DRIVERS ARE UP TO DATE. (<- Still important!)I own the game here-- Steam, but I usually use Uber's launcher, so I have much more playtime than it appears to show.The game is more than worth $30, and if you can play with a friend or two, it's even better! Clans:https://forums.uberent.com/forums/looking-for-a-clan.80/Go play and blow up some planets!Updated: Feb 4, 2015"
,Not Recommended,233250,13601710,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Oyasumi.,save your money and your soul
76561198035744035,Not Recommended,233250,13901979,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,James,"SCAM, payed $60 for it in alpha and now its up for $5 on sale. Game is probably worth $5 or $10 max."
,Recommended,233250,11992563,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,✿ BewareImSniper ✿,"This game is amazing if your a war type of person. Domination for control over space and ground is all required for annihilation. It is not easy so you might not be the greatest at the start.  The pressure really builds up when you get further into your match. However. There are few problems with this game. The crashes and lagging points will be there and the loading times may be a little overwhelming. Also the most horrifying thing is the non-existence of the need-to-be added item ""unit cannon"".  Please reject all negative feedback going over an early game release. I say this because they were pressured into releasing it too early on. They did not wish for such an early release with quite a few bugs. HOWEVER my kinda negative feedback shouldn't shy you away. The devs are Great! They made a fabulous game and are continuously making it better. Atm it's fun. When they pump out more updates it will be annihilatious."
,Recommended,233250,14717912,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,TripleB_67,AWESOME GAME SO MANY NUKES MAKE NUKES THEN U WIN!!!!!!!
,Recommended,233250,16482451,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Xylodrin,"A great RTS.fluid UI, good sound design (great soundtrack), fun gameplay such as moon halleys, from small skirmishes to huge interplanetary wars, a nice design aesthetic ( I love the unit models, particularly the Invictus commander), plenty of modding support (custom graphical effects, balance and gameplay mods, overhauls, ui element addons and loads of custom planet/ solar systems!) along with PAMM.All of this gorgeous content along with good (and frequent) amounts of content patches, helpful and active devs along with a really decent community base.  It certainly holds true as a spiritual successor to TA (same devs too)!Honestly, after the last few patches, I really dont understand the negativity towards it.Very solid, 'nuff said."
76561198041735591,Recommended,233250,16483283,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Libido,This  is a great game just slow no idea why it's bashed so hard
76561198066292866,Recommended,233250,15806758,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Piguimeu™,"Ok, let's begin the game.50 minutes of gameplay - Wow, i can crash a moon into a planet, nice!1 hour and 40 minutes - Ok, Delta Engines built, begining annihilation1 hour and 50 minutes - Oh no! a moon will crash into my planet!1 hour and 51 minutes - ohshit.jpg2 hours and 30 minutes - Lost the game, my planet has been destroyed and my commander blow up1 minute of gameplay - let's begin this ( again )20/10 - would build Delta Engines again"
76561198127949942,Not Recommended,233250,17531715,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,|                 |,I used Asus Rog Gl552JX but i having so many lag with the single player mode and multiplayer....I save setting  with the lowest graphic setting posible but the lagging issue stil unsolved...
,Not Recommended,233250,15806398,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,meoweo,I bought this at full price and only played it twice. It just didn't feel right. No real direction to the game.
,Not Recommended,233250,17543599,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,idragyoutohell,"This is one of the most interesting games I have ever played, the idea is amazing and having to take over other planets in space is amazing!!! but a recent update kinda unbalanced the game alot! making a little astroid destroying whole planets with no effort early on meant fast and boring games, and discourages you to make a base on a planet and just race to whoever gets to an astroid first. The ai also block each other which is something they need to fix and after that I will change this review, but at it's current state, it is playable but highly unjoyable."
,Not Recommended,233250,20056708,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Bionic Potato,I liked this game.It was a fun game.Pay me 15$ to read the full review that should be free.
76561198021629873,Recommended,233250,12117487,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,scα,"Prety alright, doesnt stand out much though. 7/10"
76561198050225507,Recommended,233250,12133523,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,genodamico,"Planetary Annihilation has come a long way since alpha to be sure. So long as you have a decent computer, this games will really knock your socks off.  From colonizing a planet , to blowing it up, and travelling the solar system, this game packs a punch."
76561197962960465,Not Recommended,233250,12137703,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Captain Morgan,"It's not ""done"" at all, so the release was way premature.I'm not saying it's all bad or that there is no potential for it to be more awesome, in fact it's quite fun for a few hours which is more than could be said about other games, but it's neither polished enough nor does it have enough of the somewhat promised features to deserve to be released to the general public which expects something that is done instead of a continued early access phase."
76561198054125723,Recommended,233250,12133707,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,KEATS,10/10 this is the pizza
76561197966900591,Not Recommended,233250,12155785,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,[JTF] lockecole,"Well.This game feels a lot like an updated Total Annihilation, which is awesome!  But it has a few glaring stability issues.I first played it on my Windows 8.1 Laptop.  This laptop always has issues with crashes and such (Windows 8.1...says it all), so when PA crashed every now and then, I blamed the laptop and kept going back in to enjoy the game, dealing with said crashes.I get home, finally able to play it on my reliable desktop...hardly ever has issues with games crashing...good ol' Windows 7.  Game loads up fast, looks nice...and then about two minutes in, it crashes.  I try to reload it, it crashes before it finishes generating the planets.  Load it up again, get back into my game, start getting back into it...two minutes, crash again.Before you release something, make damn sure it's STABLE.  At this stage, I feel like I wasted my money.  I know other people won't have bad luck like this, and perhaps it's an issue that will get fixed with a patch later on...but right now, I'm annoyed, and feel cheated."
,Not Recommended,233250,12140198,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,NorthStar,"I can't recommend it. The controls are clunky; the spherical maps are small relative to the unit speeds and very confusing. Units die way too quickly - I don't expect to be able to micro in a game of this scale, but at least let me see some semblance of a firefight take place before the battle is over. If you want an epic scale RTS, get Forged Alliance or Supreme Commander 2 instead."
,Recommended,233250,12156062,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Jackbandanna,"After reading so many bad reviews I guess I should finally say something, after playing for 300+ hours.As a kid I grew up on C&C, Age of Empires, and StarCraft. But this game is so much more, my brain hurt the first few days I played it due to it's intricacy.  Having to pay attention to the other planets and then having to lay siege to these planets is the ultimate high.This game is not always about unit count vs unit count.  No matter how much your enemy outnumbers you, they have a weakness and your job is to find it and exploit it.  Do they have AA, do they have orbital protection, any anti-nukes, any radar, eco units in the open, is his commander well protected, does he have a balance army?  So many opportunities to exploit.Does this game still have bugs even though it has be released?  Yes but they are dwindling with every release.Does the game have lag?  Yes on large systems which encourages massive unit counts, so I stay away from those for now.  I also tend to switch between the US and EU servers to avoid overworked servers, depending on the time of day.  For a FPS the added lag would be a deathwish but for RTS it matters little.10/10 Why are reading this and not playing Planetary Annihilation?Update Jan 2015: Sooooo I'm close to 800hrs, still very much addicted.  The biggest problem currently with PA is the lobby interface.  It's slow to respond to my clicks and uses a crazy amount of bandwidth when looking at public games to join.  This is because of all the Steam sales which has made PA more popular and more games are being played.  When looking for a public game to join, PA sends you a listing of every single game being played everytwhere.  You can only join a handful of these games and yet PA sends you everything anyway.In the Uber forums I showed that you could stream 2-1080p Youtube videos for the same amount of bandwith as the lobby listing uses.  If Uber could fix this, it would be a huge plus.  Until then I use the ""Faster Server Brower Mod"" which filters the listing sent to you and so is much faster.  It should not require a mod.Once the lobby gui is perfected, I will have little else to complain about because the gameplay is unmatched.  Would recommend to everyone, even with the lobby system problems."
76561197975221069,Not Recommended,233250,12158172,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Khorzho,"Its painful that I have to write this review.  Having been a Total Annihilation fan, I followed the PA Kickstarter and Alpha progress with great interest.  The demo movies drew me in further, and I couldn't wait to try it out.  I came extremely close to buying the Early Access release... but... I've been burned by EA recently and thought better of it.Oh my gosh, I'm glad I didn't buy the EA and waited for the general release.  I saved some money on what has turned out to be a bit of a dissapointment.One of the draws for me was the Galactic War campaign.  The demos showed vast galaxies with hundreds of stars and potentially thousands of planets.  The demo made it look like you could plot a course to a new solar system right from the surface of your commander's planet in a view that was seamless from the planet surface to the galactic strategic map.  This is not how the game works at all.Instead, you have a much smaller galaxy made of a few dozen stars (even on the ""Uber"" size galaxy) and you navigate a little icon around from system to system which represents your commander.  You can't zoom into a system and look at the planets.  You can only zoom the galaxy map in a little closer and pan it around, but you're still looking at essentially a 2D isometric angled map.Neutral star systems contain ""tech"" which upgrades your fighting capability (in fact, you can't build all units in a battle without this ""tech"").  But if you don't have enough data banks, you can't collect new tech and have to discard something.  Getting new data banks is a crap shoot, and pure luck as to which system they will be on.  On top of that, some tech is not all that well explained, and you can't see what effect it will have unless you pick it up and use it in a battle.  Speaking of battles... when you reach a system with hostiles, you get the option to fight.Clicking ""Fight"" initiates a loading screen.  On my rig, which is fairly decent, bigger maps can take 8 minutes to load.  Once loaded the game takes you to the real 3D representation of the planets, and you can pick a landing zone usually from 2 or more optional locations on different planets.  Then your commander crash lands and you begin a spherical verison of Total Annihilation across multiple maps.  Literally... its like playing TA on a ball.If you are familiar with TA, the gameplay is close to identical.  This isn't exactly a bad thing, but you don't have any guide to show you what the build order is.  You just have to build things and figure it out, or spend a couple hours digging around on Youtube for tutorials that cover the BO.Additionally, the game is bug ridden.  On my first attempt to install it and play, I kept locking up at the initial menu.  I'd see it for a second then the screen would go dark and I'd have to terminate the program from task manager.  Eventually it stopped loading the menu at all, and I just sat there looking at a black screen.  To fix it, I Googled like crazy, but nothing anyone suggested would work.  I finally uninstalled all local game files, redownloaded it and reinstalled it again, and then it started working.  It appeared that the initial Youtube intro story was the problem... but I have no idea why it worked on the re-install.Also, every 15 or so battles, I'll try to launch an attack on a new hostile star system, and after the load screen is done, I get a screen that looks like multicolored visual static.  I can see the orbits of planets and where my commander can land sort of behind the static, but it never clears out.  The menus will come up in front of the static and I can quit... but that's another problem...There is no save feature during a battle, you can only ""save and exit"" in the galactic map.  And if you ""abandon war"" your progress on the Galactic War is perma-deleted.  You can also ""Quit"" which dumps you to the Desktop, and for some bizarre reason, this will retain your Galactic War.  But if you don't ""save and exit"" periodically in the Galactic map, your progress a ""Quit"" keeps is reverted back to the last save.  Its a mess... I lost two campaigns to this save game disaster before I finally figured out how to use it.Lastly, the story for a single player game is as thin as the instructions on how to play.  There is really no story.  It's pretty much that you are a military command robot that just ""revived"" itself somehow after a really long time with the sole mission to destroy everything that is not toting your approved paint job.  Very thin.Don't get me wrong... the game does have some merit.  If you like TA, you'll probably like this game.  But as it's own product, it is very unpolished.  The demos are a bit misleading, the game play is cold and lacking, and there really is no story.I hate to have to say this... but I can't recommend this game in it's current state.  5/10."
,Not Recommended,233250,12165353,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,TheeMrPatrick,"EDIT: Don't give money to Uber, I know I will never do it again. Now that they have announced the new kickstarter. How much I would want Steam to give refunds... Do not fund ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers like Uber, even if the game is on sale and is worth it's price, the moneygrabbers don't deserve another penny.It is just a big pile of frustration to me. It had lots of issues when I bought it while it was in beta and I was ok with it, it was a beta. But now that it has been released it feels EXACTLY the same. You spend ages trying to find a working game and when you do, you will have alot of fun. But soon after you have lost the game it starts over again. That damned search for a properly working server. No. I do not reccomend it at all. The game is good, but all these issues just RUIN the whole experience. Feels like money wasted to me.Slow menus, lot's of loading, crashes, server join failures, just to name a few of the worst problems. Untill they fix it, AVOID!"
,Recommended,233250,12166608,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,PiotrPansky,"Normally I am not a big fan of RTS games (probably because I am usually worthless at them), but Planetary Annihilation managed to ensnare me nevertheless. I especially like the single player ""campaign"" (Galactic War, as it is called), as it introduces an intriguing dash of rogue-like gameplay -- you fight on a random galactic map, collect upgrades, and death is final.If you liked Supreme Commander or Total Annihilation (back in the day), definitely give this game a try."
,Recommended,233250,12115249,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,The Glorious God Fortress BALAM,blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up simuator 20FOREVER
,Recommended,233250,12121861,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,SeuMeuGhost,Awesome!
,Recommended,233250,12133647,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Bagzee,"the price is nice, the concept is good. hell they even got the guy who voiced the original total annihilation intro, BUT release day dlc let alone a minimum of $10 a commander and there more then 5 to get EFF THAT! i purchased the game when i first had the chance and have eagerly awaited its release only to have this happen. the game isn't too bad though for a TA/SC fan"
,Recommended,233250,12133812,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Mr. Potato,"honestly this game is a lot of fun. not ready, but fun. There is no unit cap so you see battles with hundreds of units taking place. Its honestly one rts game that brings back the genre after the buggy crap that was rome 2. Another plus that i have to give it is that there are never updates that you have to pay for. all in all dont listen to people who say its under cooked becuase this game only shows promise. Dont listne to IGNorant reviewers who just focus of the negatives. cough cough IGN"
76561198044954479,Recommended,233250,12686586,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,AlexTheDark,If you like Annihilation This is a game you should get
,Recommended,233250,11996344,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,paszczak,"'If you don't buy this game, you are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. 1/10'-IGN"
,Recommended,233250,12746044,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,vincivince,Nice.
76561198014085880,Not Recommended,233250,13962335,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Phalanx,"I bought this game as it was 80% off. It definetely does not worth $6 for now. This is probably a nice work, but game is not fun: *far* too long loading phases, very slow in-game (I use a decent Linux box with proprietary NVIDIA drivers), bug prone (ran it 3 times and game crashed two times)..."
,Recommended,233250,11901547,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,The Salty Survivor,Let enemies kill each other to buy time to make an army.Engulfed the planet in flame tanks.Please nerf.
,Not Recommended,233250,11990376,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Skeeveo - konitchiwa,This isn't finished. Wait.
,Recommended,233250,12005249,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Male White Corporate Oppression,"Supreme Commander on a sphere. It's very good, a little crashy."
76561197970401824,Recommended,233250,12027458,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,-=LoKe=-,"A brilliant game it has to be said, although I, like many other people waited for this game to officially release till i bought it. So you can imagine my disapointment when i find that this game has been released without something as simple, basic and fundemental as an in-game SAVE option or OFFLINE MODE!! I do not enjoy building up a huge base and army only to have it completely erased mid game due to their overloaded or buggy servers. Very disapointed like many other people at this point.Currently awaiting essential patches and updates to COMPLETE the game fully before i play it again!"
,Recommended,233250,12029075,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Iuvius,MOAR UNITS!!!
76561197975288687,Not Recommended,233250,13898865,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,de_dUKe,"Don't Buy This Game...............Its nothing like the concept video the developers have been hiding behind since the developement of the game began, using it now as the release trailer video for the game.That video was where all the energies for this game went and is a blatant misrepresentation of the finished product. However much the concept video cost, it was money very well spent by the developement team as I'm sure the majority of sales were made on the understanding the finished game would be something like this on release.The game is basically Total Annihilation, a 1997 pc game, (which i was a huge fan of hence my interest in this games developement) except PA is not actually completed..!!When they began making the game , they were actually charging £65 for a copy to 'help make the project happen'..I wish they hadn't made it happen and if I had paid that kind of price for it, i would of commited suicide on its release as a matter of principle...!!They have now moved on and are developing another game currently, so any unfinished and promised content, i don't think will ever arrive.ITS GAME MAKERS SUCH AS THESE THAT ARE CRIPPLING GAMING BY REHASHING OLD IDEAS, SPREADING THE PARANOIA OF UNFINISHED WORK BEING RELEASED AS FINAL RELEASE CONTENT AND LOOKING TO MAKE MONEY OVER MAKING A COMPLETE AND GOOD QUALITY GAME..Deeply Disappointing  -1/10"
,Not Recommended,233250,13596234,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Aching-Anus,DO. NOT. BUY. THIS. GAME!! YOU. WILL. REGRET. IT!!
,Recommended,233250,11991701,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,klos71,A verry strategic game that allows you to have fun on so many levels and fighting on so many levels some brains will blow. Strong recommendations for those who like strategic games
,Not Recommended,233250,12522781,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Vermilion Wlad,"So after supposed Full Release and about 7 patches or so, the game still refuses to show me anything other than black screen and all the developers suggest to do is to ""update your drivers"". Wish i could get a refund, or at least for Steam to monitor the ""Full Release"" games a bit better.At least i got some trading cards out of it, i guess."
,Not Recommended,233250,13977440,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Catalyse,"When I saw this game, I thought, ""Oh that's cool, an rts on a planetary scale,"" and while that is true of that game, thats all that is true about it.  I love the concept.  I like the graphics.  I'd love to see more from this game.But the problem is that at the moment, the game is just like any other early access game; not finished.And despite the fact that this is in its so called 'release', this game is so dissappointingly far from done I dont even try turning it on anymore.I was hoping this would be a game on par with Supreme Commander, but this game isnt even on par with Halo Wars, and thats saying something in the RTS world."
,Recommended,233250,13687672,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ollie,What game do you get to build thrusters on planets to smack them into other planets?What game do you get to build a giant laser on that can blow up planets?What game do you get to have massive battles with thousands of units?What game do you get to load units into drop pods then fire them onto other planets when your planet is being nuked and your having a massive orbital fight with orbital fighters and laser platforms as your friend smacks a moon into your base as thousands of ground units raid it?Planetary Annihilation is that game.....
76561198016473914,Not Recommended,233250,11991103,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,xDINGxYB,Game is great but need more factions more things to play with and build..dont feel like this game is ready for official release..if i bought this game now..i would be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥not enough items in the game to me..but other than that the game is great
,Not Recommended,233250,35433001,Posted: 2 October,all,Themop21,"dont buy, my game was stuck on the pre loading screen"
,Not Recommended,233250,35432235,Posted: 2 October,all,ScottOfCanes,"It's unfinished and runs poorly. Let's also not forget that instead of updating the game, they decided to sell the same game with slightly more units for $40.Sadly, even if it were finished and if the company weren't such scum, the basic gameplay is still boring.I bought this game because I enjoy SupCom and SupCom:FA and thought this would be comparable. However, when comparing Planetary Ammihilation to a proper RTS, it's sort of like the difference between eating a full course meal at a Michelin star rated restaurant or shoving moldy orange peels into your mouth."
76561197999983844,Not Recommended,233250,7800352,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Jacobw1ooo,Planetary Annihilation has a lot of good thing in it but in its current state anything with space is a glitchy mess. the ground combat is fun a frist but quick get old. most game last on anverge an 1 hour sometimes 2 hours. mutilpayer is really good and has very little problems. last the trailer is a lie none of the current game is like that. tier 2 is a mess there is not a tier 3. in conclusion the game is all land battle what space travel they have is more less unusable. if you want game that has cool land battles and with good working gui with ansome tech go with supremer commander 1 or 2. i was very disappointed with what i bought. i hope it get better soon. until then dont buy it.
76561197997106043,Not Recommended,233250,13641635,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,The Herb Prophet,"This game has soo many issues! In my library it says I played for 93 minutes, in reality this was 80+ min of being in the menu, trying to join my friends' game while constantly crashing. It isn't just the lack of new hardware/software because my friends who agreed to buy this game with me, were also having difficulties getting through the menu.The dev's seem to try to get this game a lot of publicity and buyers, but ignoring problems on the way.I've bought this in the steam sale and it was a complete waste of my holiday money. It's the same as with all those ""great"" indie games. They start out good with a lot of promising content. But by the time they start to get the game going they crash and burn.They have even introduced ranked 1V1.. WOW, but I can't even play the ♥♥♥♥ing game so what is the ranked going to do for me?If you are thinking about buying this game, don't!At least not until most of the problems are fixed, because with the way it is now you could spend your money on way better titles and actually be able to play it."
,Recommended,233250,23302524,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Flats the Flounder,"(The negative scores are from butthurt players who decided to drop 60$ on an early access game, sorry but it's true.)This game blows my mind. Imagine Supreme Commander, but with planets instead of one flat map.You can build a row of unit cannons, launch your army into space and have them land on an enemy planet and begin the fighting phase.You can launch nukes at eachother from either the same planet or across different ones.You can hurl moons and asteroids at eachother.You get to fight over the metal planet, which you can turn into a Death Star and vaporize entire planets with it.It's huge amounts of warfare on an interplanetary scale. It's very good, if a little lacking in unit variations.You have a bunch of infantry choices, but when it comes to air and sea, you get maybe 12 different units between the two.Still, it's amazing, but I'd wait for a sale."
76561198144558762,Not Recommended,233250,12628458,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Hammer68,"This is one of those games where you think is good but turns out to be total waste of money. Decent graphics,  good game-play elements doesn't quite cover for the fact that this games is not playable in 1024 x 768 screens & they say there's an offline mode, but I never found any so far. So at the end, it comes down to this. Do you rather pay $49.99 for this or pay 59.99 for ""Watch_Dogs™""....."
76561197972832797,Not Recommended,233250,12605848,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Nerdgunner,Unplayable.
,Recommended,233250,23428736,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Soldeviljr,"People are very quick to trash this game but in all actuality it is very good.+Unlimited Scale+Simple but neat FX for units and buildings+No game breaking bugs+Strong and challenging AI+Planet destruction+Counters for just about everything in game+Randomly generated maps+Map/system editor.+Smooth gameplay/no FPS issue (NVidea GTX660, i7 3770 3.4Ghz, 8Gb Ram (Not the best setup but it runs at 60+ for me))+Hosting with friends is very easyThe issues are very few but cause the multipler community to split and it is where the community has bashed this game into negativity.-DLC split community (I do not own it, I personally don't like the idea of Titans. I am not reviewing the DLC; just the base game)-Not for a player new to Strategy, battle can get chaotic for unexperianced playersOverall this game is worth it for any Strategy fan, but you will mostly end up fighting AI's or friends of yours that also have the game. Nothing more, nothing less. These are the facts, and I have the time to prove it. I have had this game since Steam Day 1 launch, I have seen the progress and it is a stable, fun, challenging game. I recommend it to any Strategy fan."
,Recommended,233250,11983299,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,M8lind [J:K],Yes
76561198093873245,Recommended,233250,23360893,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,jrader,very good game but requiers a good computer too very good game but if you want titans then save the 3 bucks and get just titans but if youwant somethin 10 dollars cheaper this is the way to go and if you change your mind on titans it 13.59 instead of 40 bucks all in all its a great game
,Not Recommended,233250,30544717,Posted: 16 March,all,Javajav,Got this game for 60$Still not worth it 4 years later
,Not Recommended,233250,12824048,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,yung money thomas,"ehh, either no-life or you lose"
76561197986968340,Not Recommended,233250,8734238,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,wagzzz,"I paid $50 for this game a couple of months ago and it still will not work on my computer. Any time I try to play a game, my mouse wont allow me to select anything. I try to mouse over my unit or the buttons on the bottom of the screen and the mouse pointer just shoots away."
76561198144257670,Recommended,233250,34035356,Posted: 5 August,all,Naxi a.k.a Nazi,"it should cost 5$ not 30$ , but game is awesome for 1h"
76561198134198409,Recommended,233250,23433834,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,omefalodon,In my opinion this is one of the best RTS's around. It offeres a varaiety of units and very tactical gameplay that is very rewarding. The feeling you get when u pull off a tactic is great. If your into real time strategy that is very deep then this is the game for you. But this game hasone negative point. It has basically no lore which i feel it may need. Other than that it is a fantastic game i hope more people play
76561198044277251,Recommended,233250,16547637,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Croby,"Start first game in a solar system with a few planets. Turn AI to braindead to learn how to play. Spend 2 hours building massive bases and armies, leave AI alone on another planet. Decide to crash a small planet into the last enemies planet. Build massive planet moving rockets. Finally launch this planet at the enemies planet. Small planet takes off and uses a gas giant to gravity slingshot towards enemy planet. I zoom on enemy planet that is about to get smashed. Game ends. I am dead.... wait, what?!?!? Find something called chronocam  in the menu. Watch replay. My tiny planet takes off, and accidently intersects with the orbit of my homebase planet. I discover that I killed myself. I destroyed my own planet.10/10But.... then I realize you can resume your game at any time of the recording. So I resume my game right before I fired the rockets on my planet and wait for the orbits to change a bit. When I think it's safe I send my planet to smash the enemy. I watch the tiny planet fly out of orbit towards the enemy. It still manages to clip my home base and I die in the blazing inferno a second time.11/10"
76561198055455998,Not Recommended,233250,23353618,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,"LEEEEEEEN, NIGGA!!!","....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561198072238232,Recommended,233250,23477533,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Sycoperson,"This game gets way too much hate for how good it is. Most of the negative reviews for this game are complaining about how they got the game for around 80 bucks for the beta and are mad that the game isn't perfect. Every game is going to have its flaws no matter if you pay a thousand dollars for it or 1 cent for it. Now that I've finished my rant let me outline the pros and cons of Planetary Annihilation.Pros-Massive, planetary scale battles with no unit limit (or I just haven't hit it)-Decent graphics for a game this size-An economic system that allows for growth even when you don't have enough resources-The right amount of unit types so that you can have variablity in your army, but not so many that they become very specific-Superweapons that allow you to smash planets together or shoot them with a massive weapon-Galactic Warfare campaign is very large and includes a technology system and gives little bios about the various commanders you fightCons-The game isn't very well optimized (or my computer is just a potato I'm not sure which)This is all I could think for pros and cons, and as you can see the pros heavily outweigh the cons."
,Not Recommended,233250,12520546,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,SickTag,"Save your money, not worth it.  Sad to say :("
76561198059169964,Recommended,233250,7975202,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,(ETH) Rothbard,Very cool game indeed. Best 4x space strategy so far.
76561198031714437,Recommended,233250,25727226,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,DragonLizardJay,"I enjoyed this game, is it the best out there? No, but it does well, espechally considering there arn't as many Top down strat games on the market."
,Not Recommended,233250,12035015,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Cyber_Donkey,"I thought that, for all the money they got, they'd put a lot more into this game...but I was wrong."
,Not Recommended,233250,8492777,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Blackwatch,"This game is nowhere near finished, broken pathing, terrible controls.Just buy Supreme Commander 2 instead."
,Not Recommended,233250,9003930,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,@VicesAdulation,"One day, in a few years, when all the bugs have gone, this will be worth $20. I just wish I could get my money back. Supreme Commander 2 is a way better purchase with FAR SUPERIOR graphics"
76561197979963950,Not Recommended,233250,34595107,Posted: 29 August,all,SyTarn,This game is the biggest game dissapointment in gaming world history. i mean seriously i went to go play the game and my commander wouldn't even build anything he would just sit there with a que going and not building. they didn't make good on half the stuff that was implied in the videos and released the game half finished tucked tail and ran with the money. development is♥♥♥♥♥♥ i will never buy anything from Uber entertainment again.this was the biggest dissapointment i have ever purchased. they disgraced a great game and shuold pull it from the shelves so to speak.
,Recommended,233250,12006719,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Bjella,"This is an awesome game. 10/10 Would consider. If you got your♥♥♥♥♥♥stuck in this review, then call 911. Thank you :D"
76561198005530825,Recommended,233250,25389869,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,ryanblade,"Definitely a call back to Supreme Commander and it's heritage.  The game adds a true space element to the RTS system with a very nice level of added tactics and strategy with this.  The ability to attack other planets in the system and the use of intel to know when and where to strike is excellent.  Although there is not a huge difference in the planets a diverse planetary system will lead to meaningful stratigic choices.  The animation and units are a little on the cartoony side versus the realistic side, but are still very well done.The only down side is that if you are coming from Supreme Commander you will be missing out on the experimental units of that game.  As a backer of the kickstarter for the game I was a little disappointed that the experimental units were made into a separate game.  If you are coming here from that series then I would recommend getting Titans and getting the full experiance."
76561197960406751,Recommended,233250,12012142,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Felig,excellent game which I have been enjoying for quite some time. If you like RTS and in particular TA type games you will really like this. highlky recomended.
,Not Recommended,233250,12294159,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,rgreat,Dumbed down and arcadeish spin off from Total Commander.
,Not Recommended,233250,9299354,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Kien,"NOT WORTH BUYING! (yet)Game idea is so appealing, but I could not have fun - either AI/players rushes you or you rush them. I am unable to learn the tech tree, unable to annihilate as I supposed to, because when I think I contained my opponent he suicides and game ends.Two small features would make it easy for new players to learn- play without AI or with punchbag AI that does not move - you would have all time in the world to advance tech tree and populate other planets. crash one into another - annihilate, what you were suppose to do- issuing commands during pause - for casual players like me, really liked it in W40kI am excited to play it once games allows me to."
76561198025021818,Not Recommended,233250,9322211,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Morrigahn,"I don't know what the patches should have brought since begin, but waiting for half a year changed nothing ...NOT PLAYABLE!I have tested it 3 hours with someone and 3 crashes of different types and about 4 serious mistakes which make the game unplayable. (Our Drivers and hardware are absolutely fine)Before working on new features, its important to make the game playable.02/03/2014"
76561197969161763,Not Recommended,233250,8803768,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,snilldog,"Instead of wasting your time on this game, waste your time playing supreme commander 1 - which came out 7 years ago and is still fundamentally better in all aspects."
,Not Recommended,233250,8480665,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Russer,"Sadly, its not turning out like i was hoping. I'm afraid there will be no space strategy combat with huge battle ships interacting with other alien life forms and their economic infrastructure, there are only bots(with possibility to be modded). Just land, sea and air combat with the possibility to control the orbit of other and current planets or build bases on them. There will probably be no evolution or anything like that either. The only materials you can acquire right now is metal and energy and it seems this will stay this way. There is hardly any resource mining.Its a pure RTS made for professional ""RTS"" players with as less distractions as possible. If you buy RTS games because you like to build great fortresses or see civilizations progress like in age of empires, you probably won't like this. Also there will be no scripted campaign :|"
76561198030796268,Not Recommended,233250,9095846,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,bgarcia9,"In its current state, the game is a disappointing Supreme Commander, which in turn was an underwhelming Total Annihilation. Frantic gameplay of Total Annihilation has iteratively replaced with slower global strategy. Battles feel more like a tug of war; while this is more realistic, it loses that sense of urgency (with it a sense of fun)."
,Not Recommended,233250,11908889,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,unsubstantiation,"In general I love early access games and am very supportive. This game is a perfect example of why early access can be bad. As of now they've dragged the early access a year and a half later than the finished game was supposed to be released.------Bad:~THERE IS NO OFFLINE SINGLE PLAYER even though it was advertised as having it consistantly and expected to about 2 years ago.~The servers they require use of for any game are bad enough that they rarely allow a game to be finished~The strategy of the game has been broken for a very long time, causing ties to be extremely common.~The game is poorly designed, you need a $1500 machine to run it well, and a low latency, stable, highspeed internet connection or it will be unplayable.~Switching between planets is not seamless as they say~modding is minimal------That being said there are good things:~They tried to evolve strategy gaming in a very good direction, making it somewhat tactically 3D.~The game looks good~The game allows very high unit counts"
76561198111754934,Recommended,233250,25169849,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,MOON ADMIRAL CASTROHAWKS97,this game with the titans expanshion is like.holy crap awsome the gameplay is fantastic and crazy good graphics [witch means my laptop cant handle the graphics] without the titans dlc 5/10 with the titans dlc 10/10 JESUS CHRIST THIS GAME IS AWSOME!!!!
76561198082085859,Recommended,233250,25959370,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Dr. Henry_Nautilus,Well... I blew up a planet with a giant laser... There are robots... and massive legions of... laser sattelites... yeah i like it
,Not Recommended,233250,22747175,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Liam.jpeg,"Good game, but crashes make it hard to play."
76561198117632807,Recommended,233250,23555836,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,END MY SUFFERING,IT IS GOOD
,Recommended,233250,12024846,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,McHowdy Noonfella,"9.0/10This game may be a little unfinished in places but my god... I can see myself wasting hours on this game.The words ""Celestial impact imminent"" now haunt my nightmares. I have only ever stopped it once by launching 9 nukes at the Halley rockets."
,Recommended,233250,12021358,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,DEADPOOL,"Stop Reading, You need this Game. NOW"
,Recommended,233250,10715739,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,hevcy,"smashing planets together, awesome graphics=awesome. this game is f*cking sick, best rts i've ever played."
76561198051000098,Not Recommended,233250,13924387,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Oleg Von Shnoleg,well this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥i cant even see the units
,Not Recommended,233250,8852899,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Missing,As of Right now. I can't recommend this game to any true strategy lovers as it's just a zerg fest right now. The game feels just as empty as it did in alpha. Which makes me wonder is release will be any better. So far disappointed in my investment.
76561198143087510,Recommended,233250,12454315,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Bloomz,get it now!!!!!!!!!!!!!10/10
,Recommended,233250,10677867,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Advocated Edict,"Purchased this game only to realize while I was playing that I am complete♥♥♥♥♥♥at RTS games.Still pretty, tho~"
,Recommended,233250,12676034,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,HomoZygus,"It's a great game.However, it's the reason I upgraded to 12gb of RAM."
,Not Recommended,233250,9717988,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Phoenix-Person,"I purchased early access for Planetary Annihilation many months ago, and I have to say I regret it more than any purchase I have ever made. It's slow. It's boring. It's lacking any real depth aside from the 'planet' gimmick which, so far, has served no other purpose than to add an incredibly laggy 'wow' factor. Really wish I could get a refund for this. I've tried matches through many patches, and still cannot get passed 5 hours played.I love the Settlers, Age of Empires, Starcraft, Warcraft, and Civilization series. This game is just bad."
76561198041389982,Recommended,233250,10531361,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,MrPigPuncher,Very fun game.
,Not Recommended,233250,15580846,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Insomniac_Ren,"-Found out about this game..-Assumed it would be the new Total Annihilation I have waited for for years.-Buy, install, start-Get in game-5 minutes later-bored as ♥♥♥♥-everything starting to look like squares and triangles-♥♥♥♥ this ill try later-later never happens-forgot about PA completely...-browsing steam recently-Planetary Annihilation-Start it up-Oh hey cool you can watch replays of pros-1v1... they on a tiny planet filled with water and 2 VERY small islands-looking around wondering wtf these guys are doing-everything starting to look like squares and triangles again-skip to 10 minutes before the end of their match-player 1 has a huge cluster of buildings and ships and planes buzzing everywhere. units scattered around the world-player 2 has a huge cluster of buildings and ships and planes buzzing everywhere. units scattered around the world-They literally sitting there doing nothing-P1 sends a small army-P2 counters will small army-P1 wins-P2 surrenders-whatthe♥♥♥♥didijustwatch.jpg-squares and triangles making me dizzy-exit game as quickly as possible-find out Uber has almost completely abandoned PA0/10 I want my money back.♥♥♥♥ing squares and triangles, man...."
,Recommended,233250,13085043,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,The Butcher's Nail,"I really enjoy this game, even as a person who typically doesn't like RTS games. It is a little rough around the edges sometimes, and the single player ""campaign"" is a loosely strung together set of skirmishes. However, the game is just darn FUN! Slam moons into your enemy's planet or storm their world with your tanks and bots through off-planet teleporters. Drop nukes on em!So much fun."
76561198024938884,Recommended,233250,17457555,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,gg no re,"So, I was in a 2 hour long game, my ally was nearly annihilated, and I was left to face off 2 allied enemies.I did all I could to stop them from building the halleys and blowing my planet to bits, but I couldn't in time.So all I did was wait for my death to come. The moon was launched at me, but the enemy's planet got into the flight trajectory of the moon, so their planet exploded, and I won.11/10 best game in years, would rematch"
76561198061964919,Not Recommended,233250,31918300,Posted: 23 May,all,Nanosu,Do not support uber entertainment.Total annihilation was good until they screwed up PA by wanting people to pay for the titan.Been a follower of this game from kickstarter days but it is getting disappointing and disappointing as the time goes by.
76561198139512643,Recommended,233250,25197801,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,[RCF]MikeTheElectricFencePence,Love it! That's all I'm gonna say.
,Not Recommended,233250,29453218,Posted: 23 January,all,PaganDegree,"When it first came out it was fun.  I went back and played again after getting Titans.  Now, with Uber galaxy size, when you play on Normal difficulty, all systems are single planet.  Takes most of the fun out of it.This is not longer worth putting any time into.  Seriously, this needs some heavy work and polish."
76561198091599512,Recommended,233250,24922944,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Vyyrakk,Over Hyped.
76561198058150453,Recommended,233250,24983419,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Bigdaug,"Bought the game and loved, runs fine on my laptop and i love me some good ole RTS plus you can go to different planets and create unique units would definatly reccomned you buy this"
76561198042532607,Recommended,233250,19302600,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Miczer,"[ENG]One of the best strategy game i have ever played. This game has:+ beauitiful graphic+ good  sound track+ orginal gameplay (you plays on many planets no at one flat map)+ you can annihilate planets with big  moon laser (like Death Star from Starwars) also with collision bymoon, asteroid or another planet!+ this game have no limit of units (sometimes i hate this in other RTS's)So i really recomend this game and buy it![PL]Jeden z najlepszych RTS'ów w jaki kiedykolwiek grałem. Njawiększe plusy tej gry to:+ świetną grafikę (taka komiksowa idealnie pasuje)+ dobry sound track+ orginalny gameplay (ponieważ grasz na wielu planetach a nie jak w większości innych RTS'ów na jednej płaskiej mapie)+ możesz niszczyć całe planety przy pomocy lasera kiężycowego (coś w stylu Gwiazdy Śmierci ze Star Wars) lub po przez uderzenie w nią księżycem, asteroidą a nawet inną planetą!+ gra nie posieada limitu jednostek (coś czego nienawidze w RTS'ach jest to chyba największy plus wg mnie ;) :)"
,Recommended,233250,20149447,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,UDS_President,LOVE IT
,Recommended,233250,19428130,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Space81,Still the best RTS out there and ive played them all. Please Uber keep the game alive!
,Recommended,233250,23394335,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Totally Radical,Great game to give to your friends as a joke if they already have Bad Rats.
,Recommended,233250,12007929,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Prince of Autumn,"Breathtaking. One of my first games was Supreme Commander, and I've been wanting to enter the RTS playing field once again. Planetary Annihilation reignited my love for RTS, along with starting my love for blowing up planets."
76561198055346620,Recommended,233250,12024127,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Necrosis,"Great game, I haven't played to much of it, bought it on the summer sale with a buncha buddies and we all played together, smashing asteroids into planets, nuking half the galaxy, blowing up whole armies, I have had a blast with it, recommendation well earned! 10/10"
76561198022018430,Not Recommended,233250,12465083,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,adriantcross,Never been able to play it as it constantly crashes. Total waste of money.
,Recommended,233250,8499152,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Coggernaut,This game really is the next level of RTS.
76561198026107058,Recommended,233250,12039191,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Andre B,"The good the bad, and should you buy it or not.The good:- Smal but interesting competitive scene.- Original Graphic style.- Planet crashes, destroying planets is always fun.- Spherical planets that add a new layer to the RTS genre, flanking has never been like this.- Orbital units that also add a new layer to the game.- Unlimited unit count.- Competitive and chalenging 1v1.- Macro intensive game with a few twists of micro.- The overall balance of the units is decent.The bad:- Balance problems with some units.- There are no cliffs or mountains just large blocks of unpassable terrain, height takes no part in the game sadly (yet!)- Unfinished planet making system, its hard to make balanced planets/maps.- Poor spawn system, starting positions are mostly random at best.- Game is always hosted on official servers, you cannot play offline.- Server lag can be a real issue sometimes.- You cannot host your own servers.- lack of an official ladder and competitive matchmakingHowever the community went out of its way to make its own ladder and matchmaking system.- poor linux support.- some people report performance issues.Should you buy it?If you like RTS games and enjoy playing multiplayer then this game is for you and its a lot of fun. But If your looking for a single player experience you will be disappointed."
,Not Recommended,233250,14000822,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,milocricket,"This game is utterly undeveloped and barely worked on.  In the last year or so, they released one ""major"" update, and I would not go so far as to call ONE building (a crappy one at that) a major update.  It's 30$ too, which is a really high price for this.  In addition, the AI is completely unbalanced and is more like the pong AI in that it is practically always on the hard difficulty, making it quite difficult for newer players to get into the game.  The tutorial is not interactive at all, it's a youtube video of the devs playing it.  If this game was worked on more, I might pay $5 for it, but that's a risk.  I'm not saying it's bad game though, don't get me wrong.  It's just really really undeveloped."
76561198014191001,Not Recommended,233250,14666554,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Yosh,"I don't normally complain or bash games but this one just hurts to play. The units are insanely slow, there's really no good way to view your units or the terrain in general. There isn't that many units to use and they're all as disapointing as the last. The commanders (starting building unit) are easily the strongest units in the game. making killing a commander on the ropes a chore."
,Recommended,233250,12820570,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,KeklePop,"Fix this unoptimized pile of sh*t please. Most notably the fact it takes 400 attempts to tab out/ minimize the game, and that on the lowest settings it runs like a slideshow.  Appart from that its a very good game!"
76561198040369090,Recommended,233250,10200593,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Chafgha,"Solid Rts with new take on the playing field.  Has a great feel of Supreme Commander, and total annihilation, for good reason. Definitely recommend it for all Rts lovers."
,Recommended,233250,9310706,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Dad,Very Sexxy 10/10
,Recommended,233250,8111582,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,MincedCuckers,Very nicely done. Would be nice to add some new game modes. Small bugs like the bot factory not outputting units. Its in early beta though so these kind of bugs will get fixed.
,Recommended,233250,13897516,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Rob,"played this a little - hard for a non RTS player like me, very much a rush to start, but after watching a video of how real players actually play it I figured it out. it's a fun game - seems to run well and the planetary aspect is very interesting."
76561197971842873,Not Recommended,233250,13901411,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,OmriKipi,Started a 100$ and now it's 6$ . just know what is this game all about.
76561198012398801,Not Recommended,233250,9036366,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Mr K,"Still in Beta... yes , was it worth it... currently no. This is hugely dissapointing at the moment, want my advice wait, wait some more and wait just a little bit longer. Its massively broke nuff said"
76561198038965156,Recommended,233250,13867659,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,xanoMusik,gg
76561197971139172,Not Recommended,233250,13924089,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Heer Jelle,Such a shame. This game had so much potential and I backed expecting this to be THE strategy game to play.Sadly gameplay is quite dull and without anything to customize it just doesnt feel 'right'. Hopefully they'll find a way to update and improve the game beause the concept of it IS amazing.
,Recommended,233250,13898025,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,opzon,is good
,Recommended,233250,13922479,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Jewsh,Blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up. Annihilate your 'friends'
,Not Recommended,233250,13865871,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Jack,"Pure spamfest, whoever gets the most tanks and bots out first winds regardless of skill with terrible path finding on units."
76561198035179494,Recommended,233250,13890909,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,JAG201509,fun but prone to crashing
,Not Recommended,233250,13918956,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,kuru,No.
,Recommended,233250,13893301,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,TwitchingIntensifies 天国,This game is just amazing you can build suicide bots and tanks. build an OP as hell base then go nuking everything you see . 10/10
76561197994213532,Not Recommended,233250,13918213,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Suasponte,Garbage.
76561197987474160,Not Recommended,233250,13913201,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Pr0andn00b,meh its okay i wrote a review befor this and it was not really that nice.anyway so the game looks awsome i can tell you that but one problem... ITS WAY TO FREAKING HARD like the multiplayer is expected to be hard but i was playing singleplayer teams my teamate was on hardest difficulty and enemys were on easy AND I STILL DIED
,Recommended,233250,8015653,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,ChaOtixStormz,Have you ever wanted to crash a two planets together if so this game is for you. This game is really fun and tactics 10/10 for pure awesomeness
,Recommended,233250,13860176,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Teutoniclord,So I was sitting around trying to figure out what halley's do and then before I knew it I was a kamakazi.
,Not Recommended,233250,13924947,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Klesh,"Game is not finished... from what I saw on a lot of other comments, I'm GLAD i bought this at €5.59 insted of the €30+ that I saw a few months ago on early access... This game is similar to Supreme Commander and Total Annihilation... And I was expecting a LOT more fom Planetary Annihilation.I hope they release more patches and updates to the game because this could be a huge game.Solo Mode:Galactic Mode1st try:Tested the first time.. and I won at 4:31 minutes and I never saw the enemy... because my sub-commander attacked and killed everything on the planet (normal dificulty)2nd try:Could not deploy my commander on a planet to attack... I clicked on all the ""green zones"" a bunch of times on all 3 planets and no option available to deploy. (Not sure if I lost internet connection at this point... but there was no warning and the deploy button simply didn't exist)Multiplayer Mode:Not tested, because I bought this to play solo not multiplayer.Right now I don't recommend this game."
,Recommended,233250,13900682,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,!LG! Aierroc,I've played a lot of RTS games in my day. They're all very similar in the way they play. I found PA's unique setting and simple design refreshing. I was suprised so many people gave this title a bad review?
76561198036012858,Not Recommended,233250,9038524,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,ScottMcPwn,"If you've got a 32 bit OS, don't bother using money on this. The devs seem to have not optimised this game for 32 bit in any way, shape or form, you're lucky to get a half decent game with 2 small planets/moons without the game having the relentless ""Pa.exe has stopped working"". And if it isn't a common crash to desktop message like that, it's a runtime error. The game is epic and large scale IF you've got 64 bit, don't expect it with 32 bit because you're going to be very dissapointed because I can tell you I am."
,Not Recommended,233250,9050563,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,step_y,"This game does not work on steam. To get it to work, you need to go to the developer`s website to download it, use your steam cd-key for the game there, and connect to ubbernet using their own system. I assumed since this game is on steam it should work in steam.Btw game is extremely unstable and unplayable with frequent crashes. A simple check will show 6-10 post in developer`s website filled with crash whines from players."
76561197960491731,Recommended,233250,13908196,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Fizland,"If you enjoyed Age of Empires, like me, where back then you were thinking what might the future hold, this game has not failed me..  True global domination and battles on a galactic scale..  The leap to 3d maps (globes!) 360 degrees of attack is what RTS has been missing and many people prefer simpler Turn Based Strategy and a retro look.. this is far from it!! taking the genre into the future.What makes this game unique to alot of modern games is its simplicity when getting players together the last time I think this happened was when Steam came about, Twitch intergrated and Mod's will take this to new heights. The addition of galactic war demonstrates the developers potential for creating new and unique experiences for gamers where you march your way across a galaxy defeating AI controlled commanders..  There are some space simulators that could take a page outta uber's book for handling solar systems.Overall, I would recommend giving this a go the graphics are beautiful, the scale of the game is massive, and you get to build the death star!!! For that reason alone you should already be head to foot in black with a bucket on your head doing vader impressions whilst creating your army of clones."
,Not Recommended,233250,8462283,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,jakelovesyuna,"Don't bother if you value your money, its pretty much a larger scale copy of supreme commander (even down to using the same economy system) and it doesn't even create itself as a copy well. A stupid price for something with such little potential."
,Not Recommended,233250,8954334,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Dangerous_Altoid,Way too much money for this game. It is disappointing. Slow gameplay and the AI is insanely hard. Seems to be missing a lot even though it is still in development. Rather play red alert2 or supremem commander. I felt like I just got ripped off.
76561198037284047,Not Recommended,233250,13193292,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,MotokoV2,"very let down, partial refunds would be nice to anyone who paid more than 10$."
,Not Recommended,233250,13909149,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Ballsy Bouncing Ball,"I just bought this game and I keep my pc at top shape, drivers updated and everything clean. (It was on a Steam Sell 80% off, Now you will know why)Still this game has more fixes than you would like to know.To run this game you need to apply at least 10 fixes, re-download it alone (without steam client) and other disgusting stuff. What I found more intriguing is that this error's persist over a year from the release date which tells the game has being abandoned by the devs. Do not buy this game if you lack of patience to actually make it run, also if you make it run you would still experience FPS problems.If you search in the forums you will see too many people just can not play the game at all because the game was poorly developed. Might be fun and happy, but compability problems has reached sky levels."
76561198025845911,Not Recommended,233250,14923138,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Griff_Graff,"First off i would like to say this is a brilliant game.I picked it up in a sale for £8 which is about the right price for this game and played about 30 mins before i came across a number of problems.Advantages:-Very fun to play and battle-A good game to play with your freindsDisadvantages-At £23 it is very expensive-It feels like and early accsess game-You cannot change the mouse controls-some times it dose not load properly or fails to connect to the server with a good internet connectionThe load times for building plannets in multiplayer or single player are  incredibly long-Once you have brought the game it says you need to spend about £10 buying another goodcommanderIl just quickly talk about the AdvantagesPeople are right, it is very fun to play as it is very simple and is easy to learn so you and your freinds can just pick it up and play.Now the disadvantagesfor a game that feels very incomplete it seems very expensive, i think that a more accurate price margin would be around £10-£15 as when you buy it, the game does feel very early accsess as many of the features are incredibly slow or bad, Another thing about this game is that you need to ove around your plannet(s) a lot, and the key that is defaults to, is to press down the scroll button which is a lot of effort to simply move your plannet ( which you will need to do a lot of ) and the worst thing is that there is no way to change this! And even if you do manage to somehow load a game, you will only be able to play 1 game before you fingers start to hurt. The games oftern do either crash or fail to load though which is very annoying as you have just managed to get a game loaded and then BAM it is gone. The final thing thought is that it you must spend large cowanaties of money buying a better commander as the few it gives you are rubbish.I hope this review helps you and if the developers read this please add in some new control options, as that is by far the worst thing."
76561197974802006,Not Recommended,233250,14888922,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,SWATTER,first off i see that you cant build on top of hills like ta . the system req are so way out. you have to have a high end system to even get the game to work. exp load times 10min or more some times not even starting. lag is just not worth the time. game just pisses you off. nothing even close to ta or even sb. nice globes if you get that to work with out the lag. commander have nothing to upgrade boring. so if your looking to buy this game stay away tell they get the game req lower.and another thing they need to make the game so you can run lower res 800x600 for low end systems. kill the star systems in the back ground redering or somethig less redering the game wont lag. load screen with a bar to let you know the game is loading not the little icon thats just stupid. make the game run on lower end and build up not the other way around. if you guys are that good why oh why the high end spec for systems. THIS GAME IS IN MY F!@# UP GAMES THAT DONT WORK (CAT)  ... Would i RECOMMEND THIS GAME ------- NO AND NO AND NO .......
76561197965971060,Not Recommended,233250,14932047,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Effenkool,"What a awesome strategy game. To bad I didn't develope the full tactics this game offered. 120 bucks this game cost when it first came out, they nickled and dimed everyone tell it died. Now this game is dead barley anyone online playing it. Also the end strategy is the same old thing. It is  repedative, and that is to bad what a great game with a fail. I would buy this game for 5 bucks if I had friends to play it with."
76561198017209063,Not Recommended,233250,16739705,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Elshy,"It's nowhere near as good as the kickstarter video.  I didn't experience anything, fun or innovative."
,Not Recommended,233250,15805066,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,WirtsLegs,"First off I am reviewing this game coming from many hours played of the first 2 (mostly first) Supreme Commander games as well as total annihilation.Also much of my gameplay was spent in offline mode and is not reflected here (sitting at around 90 hours of actual gameplay)Ok lets start with the good:1) The concept is amazing: I was excited when i first saw this game in kickstarter and still do love what they are trying to do2) annihilation is awesome: nothing beats using the giant death star or smashing moons into your enemies.3) Graphics: Not technically amazing but I (personally) really like the art style and think it lends itself well to the game.Ok now what killed it for me:1) No factions: Are you kidding? no unit diversity, not even visually. SupCom had its' own issues with unit diversity (being that tiers 1 and 2 were basically the same for all factions) but atleast there was a difference, and the experimentals and subtle differences in the factions provided a potential for faction based tactics. This is a major miss for me, RTS games have had different factions for as long as they have existed...not sure why they chose to end that.2) Naval units: pretty much pointless, nuff said3) Unit Pathing: units have a horrendus time navigating long distances when any sort of obstacle is in their way, and an even worse time moving through your base.4) Defensive Options: This game gives lots offensive options for gameplay (read annihilation) but there is not much here for defensive players. in SupCom sometimes it was great fun to turtle and build a nigh impregnible base before really attacking your foes. I would love to see things like SupCom's shields and maybe even some super expensive defensive options to defend against moons etc (some form of orbital shield grid?)5) Galactic War: interesting concept but just poorly implemented, with a bit of bad luck it can be a real booring game...or if you get too many support commanders early on it is way too easy.6) Orbital Units: some are cool but I would like to see a few more. Main reason this is here is due to lack of unit transportation options. With only 1 orbital unit capable of taking other units to other planets moving gets really tedious. Why not have a more expensive but much larger transport craft?7) State of the game: This is added due to its' supposed ""released"" state. There is no way this game should be considered released, when you are adding in the ability to save game post release you know there is something wrong.To sum up it is an awesome core concept with the main advertised features working well (annihilation) that is ruined by a couple glaring oversights that simply sap the fun out of the game.I will keep an eye on it and see if things change but in its' state I cannot recommend it."
76561198079555936,Not Recommended,233250,14988965,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,TheKingInTheNorth,"It's boring, ugly and a waste of money"
,Not Recommended,233250,15111413,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Cam,This is an RTS for 10-12 year olds. Limited units. No factions specific units. Cartoon graphics.  This game needs new graphics and 3 or more expansions before it has any chance of holding my interest.
,Recommended,233250,17719113,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Harold,"this game is awesome, I dont know why so many of the other reviews are bad"
,Recommended,233250,16551380,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,W+M1,Galactic war now works as it should. The game looks like it's finally completed.
,Not Recommended,233250,16020220,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,DJ Khaled,"This is what a pre alpha build should look like. Not a complete game. System editor is incomplete, not enough options, half of them don't even work. Can't change the game speed like you could in the original Total Annihilation.RTS battles on a sphere is not a change for the better. Hugely disappointed.Save your money. If you're after huge epic RTS warfare this game doesn't deliver. Stick to the old TA or perhaps another game all together."
,Not Recommended,233250,16021806,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Dr.Nue,Unfortunately I cannot Suggest this game to anyoneAfter about ten minutes of playing the controls freeze up and I am unable to do anythingSave your money and DO NOT BUY
,Not Recommended,233250,12910234,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,BadSass,"Due to crashes and the like and even connectivity issues in singleplayer skirmish AI mode i find this game pretty much unplayable. Sure it can be fun, but also a lack of a simple tutorial doesn't really help the new players understand this game. Buying this game in the early access phase for 60 bucks wasn't a good thing to do. i was looking forward to this game but i started to dislike it.I'm really glad their other project didn't get funded and failed since they promise way too much and deliver too little since galaxy mode is a flop as well. All you do is move to a system and you enter skirmish mode. The only difference is, is that you need to collect tech. I rather play supreme commander or another strategy game. If it finally works or if they bring out a patch for all this, then i would give it another try. For now i lost faith in this game."
,Not Recommended,233250,12873896,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Zaiju,"Don't buy this. UPDATED WITH EDIT AT THE BOTTOM.I went and bought it when it was $50 and installed it straight away. But it wouldnt start. I had to change my OS 3 times before it worked. Then I noticed how often it crashed. A lot of the time making it very difficult to play out a full 1 hour game. Finally just recenetly it completely stopped working again for absoulutely no reason. Don't be tricked people, this game is still well and truely in beta and nothing like the trailers make you think it is.If you really want to play a game like this search Spring RTS. It is about as hard to get working as this game at times, but its free and super stable.EDIT: After the release of the DLC for this game it has become clear that this company is intending on avoiding it's negative reviews rather then improving them. I would suggest not buying anything from this entire company."
,Not Recommended,233250,14002175,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Dio The Creative (Sci),"Great game, but with no save ability for my games I hardly play this due to lots of crashes."
,Not Recommended,233250,12664842,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Pieeer1,"I regret writing this review. I really had high hopes for this game and for the company. When I first got the game, I bought it for sixty dollars. That is a triple A game now a days, and I was hoping with what they were promising, this would be huge. Not only was I dissapointed, but I was shocked when they announced the full release.Look at this.https://s3.amazonaws.com/ksr/assets/000/114/169/80f8c5e4b24f524448eea0518362c640_large.png?1344992125This is one example of not living up to my expectations. There is no screen like this in game. I may have been hoping too much, but I expected with 2 million dollars JUST from kickstarter they could have made the campaign something huge, but we are left with some copy of the multiplayer mode. I and many others assumed that they meant it would be one giant battle with you going from planet to planet stopping many enemies. But, alas, we are left with some short unbeleivably boring single player ""campaign"" that is more like offline mode against bots.Do you like laggy menus? Poor framerates? What about multiple visual errors that lasted all the way from alpha? This game has loads of those. I have a very hefty gaming rig and this game still has framerate issues for me, even though I can run tomb raider tress fx, crysis 3, and starcraft 2 just fine. The engine has flaws, and so do their servers. I have gotten kicked out of multiple games from their servers going down.System Specs:Operating System: Windows 8.1 Pro 64-bitLanguage: English (Regional Setting: English)System Manufacturer: MSISystem Model: MS-7760BIOS: V17.6Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-4820K CPU @ 3.70GHz (8 CPUs), ~3.7GHzMemory: 16384MB RAMAvailable OS Memory: 16298MB RAMPage File: 4379MB used, 14351MB availableWindows Dir: C:\WindowsDirectX Version: DirectX 11DX Setup Parameters: Not foundUser DPI Setting: Using System DPISystem DPI Setting: 96 DPI (100 percent)DWM DPI Scaling: DisabledDxDiag Version: 6.03.9600.16384 64bit UnicodeI sent multiple bug reports and nothing happened. Nothing Changed. The developers were responsive, but they didn't actually work on anything. Most of their podcasts were spent talking about♥♥♥♥♥♥that no one really cared about, and they wasted their time and money carving a wooden planet. And then smashing it. There goes a few hundred dollars of your kickstarter money. I was tempted to kickstart their next project to give them a second chance and they removed it. Hopefully they can now focus on fixing this mess."
76561198017966774,Not Recommended,233250,12720334,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Spetsnaz,"I play alot of RTS' this one is a snooze fest, maybe it wil improve over time. I won't be checking though."
,Recommended,233250,23780303,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,GentleGerbil,"Initially I gave this game a horrible review, but I will recommend this game atm. It's feeling a bit better as controls go... much smoother. What a game released should have been. $33 is fair, and even better when it goes on sale! It was definately no $90 pre-release as they sold it... and was released way too early (minimal optimizing efforts, controls, etc).I can't say it's an AWESOME game yet? Maybe future expansions/patches, but it's good enough to be worth the coin."
,Not Recommended,233250,28106895,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Goose of Satan,"I think a lot of people tend to forget how much of a scumbag developer Uber Entertainment is. They played everyone by calling this game a ""spiritual successor to Total Annihilation"" and what did they actually create? A broken, overfunded, underdeveloped, not fun piece of trash that is out classed in every possible way by a game that was released in 1997, aka Total Annihilation. No, seriously, don't buy this garbage game or support this thief of a developer, go buy Total Annihilation which runs better, has a bigger scale with actual depth, and wasn't created to scam RTS fans."
76561198064422630,Not Recommended,233250,32191905,Posted: 4 June,all,GAS GAS GAS,bought the alpha for 80$ in 2014. still not satisfied.
,Not Recommended,233250,23143837,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,NuclearDisruptor,super laggy
76561197972651119,Not Recommended,233250,15893348,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Richie Rich,"I want to like this game, but how did it get out of beta?   The amount of crashes or freezes and dumb AI I can almost look over.  But. the galaxy war feels so incomplete.  One example that drives me nuts is, that I can't look over, is that if a galaxy war fight is going bad, I have to quit completely out of the game just to restart the planet fight that I am on.  If there is another way without having to start the whole war all over again, it isn't very obvious.  This game needed more testing before release and even after release it seems to still miss the mark.And I really wish there was more depth to the different commanders and galaxy war."
,Not Recommended,233250,16497776,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,[ECHO4423],It looks really cool and has a lot of neat ideas but the actual gameplay is unengaging and falls flat.
76561198073723687,Recommended,233250,20811935,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,HelloTitty123,Game is quite awsome!
76561198097536376,Recommended,233250,20224136,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Mr.Overkill,It is one of the best RTS games I have played.
,Not Recommended,233250,20680231,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Soothsilver,This game is bad.
76561198040482424,Not Recommended,233250,15809757,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Chief Inspector Rucket,"Sadly, it truly isn't worth buying.  Even 80% off."
76561198058842564,Recommended,233250,20143600,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,MetalAlchemist,"This game is extremely addictive. I played my ~40 hours within the first week or so that I had it. The only thing really to complain about is the fact that they withheld the ""PA: Titans"" content back and made it a separate purchase later on.In my opinion, this game is worth every penny of your money. The multiplayer is smooth and very fluid, and they even managed to make the singleplayer campaign actually fun and somewhat progressively challenging.The main downside to this game is that without friends to play, it might become very boring very quick. However, you can play matches against other random people on public servers.Heck, there's even a active modding community for this game, so what's not to love?"
76561198023859189,Recommended,233250,22681298,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,BabbleIncognito,"Play with friends. Do it when you have a lot of time on your hands.Loved it.There's nothing like blowing up a planet that was so heavily fortified you couldn't ever hope to conquer using ""normal means"""
76561198062107090,Not Recommended,233250,32343395,Posted: 11 June,all,Space Jesus,I got this game from steam for 50 euros but as updates progressed it was certain that this game will not add things which were promised. Later devs abandoned this game and released Planetary Annihilation: Titans which was good compared to this.1/5 Get Planetary Annihilation: Titans instead.
,Not Recommended,233250,19123350,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Flackzer,greedy company who do half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥work...
76561198063433489,Not Recommended,233250,19162445,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,MOOTWO,"I payed £40 for this... Back when it costs that much.This game is only worth about £2 - £3 Let me explain why.Hmmm... So I need 8GB of Ram for singleplayer?1. You basically need a supercomputer, I literally just got my new computer and it still lags horribly.2. So... You ask for £40s then £80 pounds? And now £22.99? You know, you are kind of ripping lots of people off here.3. So you want me to pay £13 for a expansion pack that adds giant commanders to my game?Wow... I imagine this took you about 10 minutes.4. Very unoptimised.5. Makes me want to kill myself...DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198176297187,Not Recommended,233250,19220221,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Kaz,Read other comments to know why i downvoted it.It does not even deserve me reviewing it properly.
76561198077242508,Not Recommended,233250,16410563,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,RoboActionMan,"Fun for the first couple of rounds, but got really boring later.Needs more veriety in gameplay and stratagys.It would be more fun if you had alot of friends and alot of time."
76561198069552863,Not Recommended,233250,16514081,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Randombody,single player AI is borderline impossible to defeat on the easiest difficulty due to the fact they start with all tech avaliable while the player starts with scratch. The Learning curve is only difficult due to the lack of a tutorial and the player for the first couple of hours will be most likely fumbleing around with the controls
76561198144495993,Recommended,233250,20196946,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Aimachi+,great game for anyone who wants to shoot a moon at a planet
,Not Recommended,233250,22929507,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Momo,Ever wonder what a steaming pile of **** looks like? Look no further than a dev team that screws the consumers!
,Recommended,233250,12725097,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Green™,"Great game. A lot of fun to have here, but get it on sale as the normal price seems a little too much."
,Not Recommended,233250,12652338,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,digital cheese,"[header]Incomplete Game. Wait for a full release[/header]I wish I could recommend this game - I really do. It saddens me to have to give this a downvote. I've been a fan of Total Annihilation for many, many, many,MANYyears and awaited this title since it was announced. Unfortunately, I fear Planetary Annihilation rushed out the door as a 'release' far too soon. It's like paying to beta test.First would be the gameplay. I have a system that has 2x the recommended specs and the game suffers from constant locks and crashes, consuming all of the memory on my system (16gb) on a simple 4-planet custom game. Interface lag in the main menu, system builder, and galactic war screens is horrendous. I can run most any other game without issue, yet this one performs the worst.Gameplay is clunky and buggy, there's no help/intro to the game for gameplay. Granted the community is helpful - a game should not rely on its community for the essentials to gameplay. Galactic war is a great concept, but the 'tech' data loaded seems incomplete. Somehow when getting 'complete orbital tech' it lacks the basic fighters/defenders. Wierd. When you have acquired a 'sub-commander', apparently the AI for him is set to ridiculous - you barely get 11-15 minutes of gameplay because the AI wipes out the enemy quickly. I was hoping for at least a slight challenge. If anything, the Sub-commander AI should match the campaign AI difficulty.I am really hoping the team canFINISHthis game. I would hate to think my money went to support a team that did not intend to finish the product."
76561198038518429,Not Recommended,233250,30935978,Posted: 3 April,all,SnowDragon,I enjoyed playing this game during the early access. Why not reccemended? because there is a DLC with the base game included. Go buy that not this.
,Not Recommended,233250,31979563,Posted: 26 May,all,God™,The devs betrayed all of us when they ditched this game for an identical copy of this game plus a few new units. It is truly disappointing.
,Not Recommended,233250,31875142,Posted: 20 May,all,crazedmonkey123,Was one of my favorite games early on when it was alright for it to be buggy because it was new. Now the Devs have given up on it and the worst part is they made people who paid early access to pay for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DLC. Loved this game and now it has no support :(
,Recommended,233250,12005310,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,PoeticTeacup,"Beautiful game, epic battles, huge armies, wonderful art style, and pure EXPLOOOOOOSIONS!"
76561198058293988,Recommended,233250,12007780,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Sing Star Mix Master,"Ok Going against every other comment on this game, I have encountered 2 glitches and to me this game feels all polished a finished. The only thing missing is a tutorial, but hey thats half the fun!I will admit the DRM is annoying but i can still live with it as it stops me from playing this game in school."
76561197964998955,Recommended,233250,12012990,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Mr Fox,Very decent. If you liked C&C games this is the next step forward.
,Recommended,233250,12013412,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Kuraiyuki,"If you loved Total Annihilation or Supreme Commander/Forged Alliance, you will love this game, its not a complete game, so anyone who is expecting it, dont worry, the Uber devs will still be working on this game for a long time to come. Enjoy it, and have fun destroying a galaxy in your quest to conquer your enemies."
,Recommended,233250,12013973,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Bub Shlubkis,pretty fun you have to have a lot of time to play though
,Recommended,233250,12012827,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Lafarda,"Good game.Very inspired in Supremme commander mechanics, with more strategic layers.If you liked Supremme commander, I definitively recommend you to buy it.If you didn't like it,  you may start liking it now, but I don't think so."
76561198080847942,Recommended,233250,12025987,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Gargreth,If you liked any of the command and conquer games you'll love this. I love mainly because you can do so much damage and you can overkill.
76561198079430045,Recommended,233250,13857640,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,butthole :d,"really good game! Not for people with slow computers, i can usually run a game around 150-200 Frames per second, but this destroys my computer.(usually around 50-10)Honestly, as it is, it's totally worth buying."
,Not Recommended,233250,15805688,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Roberius,"Unfinished, buggy mess. Should never have been let out of early access. Suspect money grabbing to be the cause of this.SP vs AI skirmishing is a waste of time, PvP is too random.They tried to make it an esport, but forgot to make a decent game first."
,Recommended,233250,12112350,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Pickle Rick,"I've read many bad reviews, and this isn't really a review. But this game rocks! ^.^ surely worth the buy for people who like big scale RTS"
,Recommended,233250,12108967,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,tyrone,Built a army of fabricators.Got nuked 13 times10/10 would get nuked again
,Recommended,233250,12027135,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Square_jam,SEXY
,Not Recommended,233250,12448686,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,CheckeredDemon,This game was fun but I cannot play for longer than maybe 10 minutes.  It crashes every single time.  Seems to be working for others and have not found a fix for this yet.
,Recommended,233250,13973575,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Ascended Spice,Are you kidding me? Five minutes and i got killed by an army of 250 units! WTF
76561198094522944,Recommended,233250,14605458,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,L0RD J3STER,"This is possibly way better than Total Annihilation. I had a chance to play this game in an earlier version but now I can't because the game refuses to let me fight AIs.What's strange is that my computer can actually run PlanetSide 2 at the highest setting. Quite suspicious, really. Fortunately, I enjoyed it while the fun lasted."
76561198046651676,Not Recommended,233250,13950871,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Onconase,Seriously? Discounted AGAIN? How do you explain to us who purchased the game for 90 dollars?
,Recommended,233250,13987332,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Randomnoob111,A good RTS with a decent amount of unit variety and ways to destroy your enemies. Who doesn't want to send a moon in to enemies?
76561198036560461,Not Recommended,233250,13990394,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,InGodWeThrust,I am not ready to sign up for another pointless account just to play your game. But I did it any way I could not play the first mission before it crashed.
76561198025393054,Not Recommended,233250,14173877,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,straha242,"Between invisible mouse cursors and reboting my computer after every game, I'll treat this as a lesson in reading actual reviews before buying these things."
,Not Recommended,233250,14522754,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Munsta,"I bought this game to play with my roommate and I have never managed to play a game with him or anyone. Tried as many solutions as I could think of : port forwarding, being on two different internet, using a vpn. Nothing works. Network code must be very poorly written. Would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,233250,16816867,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,liganic,Missing functionality like no auto repair and no proper tutorial make this for a disappointing first impression.
,Not Recommended,233250,17124943,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Glazier Squirrel,-♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay-you cant play offline-13m 46s loading time-10 euro for visual diffrent commanders-poorly put together+Average Graphics
76561198008100340,Recommended,233250,16573747,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,TAnnihilation,"I have only played this game for an hour and had a blast. If you like Total Annihilation or Supreme Commander games, this should be a fun one for you. Same concept just on a more planet smashing / deathstar likeness to it :)Definitely worth $4.50 for summer sale, game is 8/10."
,Not Recommended,233250,13974571,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Anti_Cnkyr,"Lovely game, when it works. Feel just like TA or Supcom. Unfortunatley it wont let me play with my friends online, its buggy and prettymuch impossible to get to work. 1/10"
,Recommended,233250,14060508,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,JmAR^,Fun
,Not Recommended,233250,14199681,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Plaguel,"It's a nice try to inovate Total Annihilation / Supreme Commander and make it even more epic. Sadly the game lacks good mechanics that would carry you as a player to that epicness. The round maps/planets are confusing and most of the units and buildngs look alike. Randomly generated planets look great, but lack the interesting advantages of polished (balanced) maps that are key to most of the RTS games.I would recommend googling up ""Forged Alliance forever"", comunity driven site with much better Supreme Commander mod, offering near Battlenet experience for free."
76561198063609932,Recommended,233250,9743939,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,lasambiere,"this game shows alot of promise, can't wait to see what will be added in the future."
,Recommended,233250,12083443,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,TheTrueBbox,"This game takes rts and throws it into space, left there to fend for itself. Its innovative and very enjoyable, a bit too pricy but it used to be $50.00 and now its $30.00 (not on sale just base price drop), so I'm sure it will go down again sooner or later. You can build massive armies and have planets full of your technoligy and resources. You can manage your forces and resources on different planets and then when your ready hit the enemy. You can build weapons of mass destruction that can tear through entire planets. Its a great game, take a look at it and if you like it put on your wishlist so you can buy it when the price goes down, or if your to excited to wait, just buy the game now.P.S- Only downsides are the fact that its unfinished in a couple areas, unless you put it on minimal graphics your games likely to crash, and the multiplayer lag is a huge problem.8/10 (because of downsides) would (not) buy again (way to overpriced)"
76561198082540284,Recommended,233250,12219251,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Devoide,"Can blow up planets with lazer beams.Gets boring with 10Hrs play, needs more structures.Commanders are skins, have no seperate abilitys yet they sell more commanders for $10-20AI is potato6/10"
76561198071842690,Recommended,233250,12210015,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,[DSL] DarthMan,Amazing graphics and great ia if you like hard stategic games this is the one for you.  Specialy if you have another friend to play it with you.  There are tons of ways for you to defeat and destory your eneimes or allies.  Weither you nuke them or throw planets or even use the DEATH STAR!    7/10
,Recommended,233250,12238488,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Fisher,"The game crashes often, but this is expected. Very fun online, but ""campaign"" is pretty poor."
76561198079496366,Not Recommended,233250,17922940,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,XironbeastX,"With the release of titans which is the same game with 16 new units, 5 new titans and crappy elevated terrain, other then that its the same game rehashed and resold for 40$ while this is still a buggy mess, I say F### this game, F### this company and F### the horse they rode in on, I will not buy another product from them untill titans is released as a 10$ or so dlc for this game, not paying 40$ for the same damn peace of unpolished♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,233250,17963911,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Runesoldier,"Horrible business practices. Do not let developers do stuff like this. I paid $90 to help fund this game, and I feel like you slapped me in the face. You should be ashamed of yourselves."
76561197992804853,Not Recommended,233250,13433716,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,CharlieFoxxtrot,"This game originally cost its alpha buyers over $100 and now it's on sale for less than $20.  The finished game is worth less than it was before it was even close to its current state.  This raises the currently perpetual question of why we buy into incomplete games.  That being said its a wonder where all that funding went because while the scope is incredible, the gameplay is incredibly boring."
,Not Recommended,233250,13448365,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Enoch Dagor,"TL;DR;Would rate this3/10- good effort, missed the mark.Do not buy this if you do not have a 64-bit processor. If you are big fan of TA and SupCom, you will likely be disappointed. A good try but a lot of design decisions both technical and gameplay related really put a vise on this game. Could have been great.Suggested Price: < $10End of TL;DR;I bought this game thinking, 'Epic scale Total Annihilation, awesome!' I played TA SO MUCH. With all of the mods and maps and units and everything you could do with it. So much fun. Luckily, I got Planetary Annihilation on sale for a great price.* If you do not have a 64-bit processor (and OS), do not even bother. The game designers decided 64 bit was a necessity though I have seen larger scale games do far more with far less.* This game in a multiplayer arena is a bandwidth hog. I've seen MMO (even MMORTS) games do better with bandwidth management which is very disheartening. This actually was my final coffin nail for this game since in most cases my bandwidth is metered. Also, single player is even on their servers which is a BIG no-no. Cannot play this on a plane or at work or at school...* In TA, you have ridiculous quantities of types of units. Your strategy could vary greatly on a game to game basis based on what units you used in the fight. Naval battles were common place with massive leviathans slugging it out over the open waters hoping to get the upper hand to begin pounding shore emplacements with naval batteries. In Planetary Annihilation, the units have been watered down to short range tank, long range tank, anti-air tank, scout with a Bot version and an Air version of each. Sure, you can go to the Advanced facility which provides Advanced options of the aforementioned list. That is all the information you would need to know about it. Disappointing that a game of such potential magnitude would use such watered down unit lists.* The graphics are cartoony and not at all inspiring. Considering the hefty requirements of the game engine you would think the graphics would be top notch, especially considering the history of TA, SupCom, etc... where it was usually a fore-runner in the graphics department. Do not expect the same here.* The AI is ok. I never played beyond 'Normal'. The AI does rush to do certain strategies that once you know the strategy you can counter easily. However, most games become a stalemate to the point that someone HAS to throw a planet somewhere. Which I suppose is one of the PROS of the game is that you can collide planets. Cool.* The music is ok. Far cry from Jeremy Soule in TA.* User Interface is great. Everything I need to build is easily accessible. Fairly easy to use the interface to navigate around. Though, I did find the middle mouse click a little cumbersome at first. The double camera viewing area is required and made useful here.* Stability is bad. I've crashed many times. Be sure your video drivers are up to date. Disable Steam In-Game Overlay. Usually (if you're online) games can be recovered if you crash and you can continue. However, there are still server crashes making hours worth of gameplay and mindless banging your head into a planet to break its defenses futile at the last minute because the game crashes.* With the limited number of units and such, your choices are - repetitive fighting with normal units, nuke, or smash planets. The tactical and a lot of strategic elements of the game are gone or so watered down you might as well play risk.* The Galactic War element they recently added is nifty but ultimately a waste considering the previously mentioned issues.I would not recommend this game to a friend."
,Recommended,233250,14454002,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,RaisenBrand,this is the best first person shooter on the market ive played it on my dreamcast my favorite power up is the jet packs all around i r8 cookie clicker 8/8 m8
76561197993595784,Not Recommended,233250,13908916,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Thomas92,"It used to cost like♥♥♥♥♥♥loads, now its extremly cheap! Milking the cow much!!?"
,Not Recommended,233250,11407230,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,ECTOPOTAMIA,this game crashes every 5 seconds do not buy it
76561198135680330,Not Recommended,233250,10381289,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Supreme,the game crashes by failing to startjust to note i have windows7 homepremium
,Not Recommended,233250,10247082,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,BennyTheJet55,"EDIT (6/32/14): After allowing the game to sit for a little while after buying while all the bugs were fixed from the creators perspective, I have played a few rounds and have summed up my overall review for this game as ""Mediocre"". The trailers you see as the games preview are much cleaner and better looking than what you download. The game is very spotty and laggy, even while I'm running some high end gear on my rig (i5-3570K, 8GB DDR3 RAM, EVGA GTX 650Ti, etc.). As a past supporter of games like Total Annihalation, this game comes as a slight dissapointment. The lack of freedom within game takes away from the experiance. Not to mention, not being able to save the game mid battle is totally frustrating.I will keep my raiting for this game as of now. There are several things that need to be changed within the game, and I would not consider this ""Gamma"" more like early Beta"
,Not Recommended,233250,8954987,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,wmbran,i want my money back it realy kinda bugs and lags all the time
76561198077800308,Recommended,233250,10166877,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,The FatManChode,Great game with hard ♥♥♥♥ing bots
,Recommended,233250,11242498,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Fish,Can smash planets. 10/10
76561198043486534,Not Recommended,233250,16723842,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,TerrorTaskForce,"Dont expect to much from this game, im totally disappointed.Just unitspam, boring planets.Couldve been awesome, but it isnt."
76561197968733814,Not Recommended,233250,13933695,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Stupid Noob,"RTS on a huge scale, and an inability to save your game progress ? In 2015 ?This game is ultimately a waste of time in it's current state. if you can't save your game, what is the point of playing a game on such a huge scale ?!"
76561197998285816,Not Recommended,233250,17980247,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Orandula,"First off I knew this company is beyond greedy. Originally charging $90 dollars or so for a pre-purchase of the game. Then kept the price of the game to roughly $60 for longer than most other companies. Then we can move on to discuss the outrageous prices of cosmetic commander skins in-game. I forgot to mention the sheer amount of money this company raised via kickstarter that allows no justification of such prices. To top it all off, GIANT ROBOTS, for an additional $40 dollars. I regret even buything this game when it was on sale, game is out for a long time now with constant bugs that ruin multiplayer with friends. Spend your money on buying a hobo lunch instead, you will be more amused with that than this game."
,Recommended,233250,13940437,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,The Notorious,"Cool game, takes strategy to a new orbital level (get the joke?)It's galactic war across multiple planets and moons,4 types of robot armies!Only thing is that there's no tutorial,so you're ♥♥♥♥ed if you don't have internet to watch youtube tutorials.Also no easy setting, just normal and higher, which can be frustrating when starting as a new player.Further no downsides!9/10 would buy"
76561198071476960,Not Recommended,233250,13186662,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Shamu Sandwiches,"This game cost 80$ at one point, but did so little. Trash."
,Not Recommended,233250,13916994,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,XyzioN,"This game is amazing! One problem though, even with an I7 IBuyPower this game crashes in the multiplayer lobby! Its a greak game but IT REALLY SUCKS AT LOADING, PLEASE FIX THIS LOADING BUG!!!"
,Recommended,233250,13887143,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Hadesdragon5,i think space battles should be a thing to. other then that game pretty awesome.
76561198069643959,Not Recommended,233250,12097737,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,patrick2033,"crashing sim 2014EDIT: ok lets compair this is another game i know and playPLANETARY ANNHILATION (PA) VS SPRING ENGINE GAMES: TECH ANNHILATION(TA)(spring is an engine used to service many different games, tech annhilation is my favorate of those)lets begin.Diversity of unitsPA~40 units~20 buildings2 tech tiers3 tech tiers if you consider orbitals T3TAground factory T1- ~15 unitsground factory T2- ~15 unitsground factory T3- ~ 7 unitsground factory T4- ~ 6 unitsair factory T1- ~10 unitsair factory T2- ~12 unitsair factory T3- ~ 10 unitsair factory T4- 4 unitsabout the same thing as above for K-bot factory and naval factorythen there is...the exparamental factory, the super exparamental factory, spider bot factory, sea plane factory, sub factory, heil pad,defencive buildings include: nukes, nuke portecters, plasma shields, point defence, exparamental plasma cannons, and walls.3 different factions all with thier own spin on things(core, arm, and till)Winner by a landslide- TAgraphicsabout the same but ill give PA a small victorysmall victory- PAstabillityPA: isnt the most stable thing ever, but is better than TATA:it either works or it doesnt work. And if it doesnt work you cant do anything about it.Winner- PAstratigical valuePA- spam more units than the other guyTA- put down landmines, call in air strikes, land rush, air rush, air transport rush, spam artillery, make anti-air, TERRAFORM THE MAP! Rush your super exparmental hero unit, reclaim the wrecks and use it to build another army, turtle, nuke rush, EMP nuke the map, use flamethrower bots to counter shields, make stealth units, convert your defences to units. and so on and so forth.winner- TAmapsPA- generic looking planetsTA- designed, balenced and play tested maps.you also have over 300 of themwinner- TAgame modesPA- singleplayer, multiplayer, and campainTA- singleplayer, multiplayer, and chickens (a survival-like game mode)TiepricePA- 30$TA- freewhat do you choose?final edit:....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...freaking love that."
,Recommended,233250,13875088,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,fLuffy.O,Extremely in-depth and Fun to mess around with friends on FFA Servers. 10/10
,Recommended,233250,13884588,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,RisingFlames,its a good game but it can be laggy if the battles are across a few planets and when it was laggy last i ended the process and i went from 128 processes to 98 just be warned
,Not Recommended,233250,13903474,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Gimboid,"After a long time, I still cannot get into this game. What is delivered just seems to be below what was advertised and it has put me off ever trying a game from this developer again.Human Resources looked like a potentially fun game, but I couldn't bring myself to back the studio that delivered this game."
76561198011400305,Not Recommended,233250,13920536,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,douglasg14b,"Would not recommend, PA tried to follow in the footsteps of SUPCOM and ends up being extremely shallow."
,Not Recommended,233250,13902357,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Tyr,"Definitely not the same grade as total annihilation or supreme commander / forged alliance.Graphics are cartoony, don't have that solid metallic look like the previous games. Tech tree feels more limited than the previous games.Also not a fan of purchasing games and needing to purchase more to complete the game, 10$ for a commander is silly.Micro transactions in a RTS don't belong."
,Not Recommended,233250,13907620,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Der Zauberer von Ott,great idea but this is still an alpha.
76561198038294889,Recommended,233250,13590409,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Down2Clown CS.money,"This game has truly progessed beyond it's shaky, unfinished launch and is now a joy to play.There aren't many new RTS games being made, and even fewer Macro based RTS games, so PA is a breath of fresh airBuy this game if you like RTS gamesTry this game if you don't!"
76561198024122432,Not Recommended,233250,13921484,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,ParadoxTimequake,"The game itself is fun as hell.  The problem is, when the game crashes.... there are no save points.  It starts you at the beginning of the goddamn world you were on when it crashes. In this (6th time it has happened since I bought the game) case, I lost 3 hours of play.  Starting over after three *FRIGGING HOURS* makes me not want to play the game. Ever. Again."
76561198028701013,Not Recommended,233250,13920130,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,sicksadsam,"Bought PA for $40AUD while it was still in Beta. Its on sale now for $6AUD.. Ive played it once, and it was pretty crap. Wouldnt even buy it now even for just $6. Maybe $1 just to have it sit in my steam library."
,Not Recommended,233250,13910159,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,m0s,"TL;DR: too ambitious but didn't deliver.This is, simply put, Total Annihilation at a planetary scale. Graphics are mostly the same than the 90s game, too much micromanagement required (even for the simplest battles), extremely long loading times, no simple way to find where your units are... And most importantly, I couldn't experience any fun, the game simply doesn't suck me in like other masterpieces did (Warcraft 2, Starcraft. AoE2...). And thinking I paid 80€ for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ A Total... I mean a Planetary Waste of Money. Do not get it for more than 10$ (doesn't deserve more).PS: Ubersoft will probably abandon this game pretty soon, like they do with all their game (SMNC is a perfect example of a game much better than this and was abandonned as well)."
,Not Recommended,233250,13903964,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,TSA,rubbish
76561197988782615,Not Recommended,233250,13921254,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,sin_rtb,"Dont know what kind of super beast of a machine you need but my new ASUS ROG 2.93 GHz 970m GTX with 16 gigs of RAM wasnt enough. Had to disable vsync, lower resolution to 50% of desktop  turn thread optimazation on and all game settings to the lowest to get .3 fps.  although the UI had good FPS and looked great the game was completely unplayable."
,Recommended,233250,12100319,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Waxxy,"It's pretty much Total annihilation 3. Simple, Fast, Efficient. Awesome game"
76561198002078830,Recommended,233250,13907326,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,CyberChr1s,"I got this when it was on the sale. For the money it is a great game. The ability to move planet makes an exciting new change, but to accomodate all the planets, they have had to make them small-ish. Overall, a great game! Multiplayer is good fun, but the AI is lackluster. Enjoy :D"
,Recommended,233250,13916370,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Xuav45,"Once you get it it takes a while to get used to it, but after a few times playing it it gets really fun and addicting."
,Recommended,233250,13900423,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Marshmallow Ace,"Followed the develpment of this game during its kickstarter days, i love it. i grew up playing every RTS under the sun, watched it grow, get more popular, make amazing milestones during the backing and development process. I love PA and hope its continues to become better and better."
76561197982972632,Not Recommended,233250,13902188,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,ndiz,it's a polished turd.
,Recommended,233250,13903955,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,JohnnyTsunami,Refreshed the dying RTS genre by streamlining the macro process and adding a third dimension of other planets in a match. Worth checking out for sure.
76561197976312757,Not Recommended,233250,13612889,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Destyre,"I can't get this game to run for more than 10 minutes without a crash to desktop. Their response? ""errr we don't know what's going on, maybe it's all of your computers?"" I liked the idea, supported kickstarter WAY before this game came to steam. There are glaring problems though.First of all it was rushed to full release before it was ready purely because the developer couldn't be bothered to release content anymore and wanted to start on a new game. The game is broken and they aren't fixing it. Issues like the one I mentioned have existed for at least 6 months and have not been looked at; practically every person that I know who has this game has the same issue to this very day. This is very disconcerting.Other problems include promised content being canned or delayed severely: artillery has only JUST been added at the time of this review (a couple of weeks before). The UI is dreadful and unintuitive. Are you seriously telling me that on a 3D map where every time you zoom out, where the camera changes position when you zoom back in, you didn't think to include a ""rotate camera"" option? ♥♥♥♥ing stupid.I realise that this game is on sale now for dirt cheap but no matter how cheap it is, the game won't run and Steam will not refund you, so think very carefully if you want to invest at this point considering the facts that I have given."
,Not Recommended,233250,13630559,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Fleshpound,"it's okay, 10/10"
,Recommended,233250,13903931,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Geraldo del Rivero,"It's fun for me, but it just feels like unit spam simulator."
,Recommended,233250,13912006,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Snowy the Flying Snow Squirrel,"It's pretty fun if you team up with a friend or two, but there isn't a saving mechanic. Supposedly they plan to add a saving feature, but i've yet to see it happen. If you can handle 1-2 hour games of constant nuclear holocaust, orbital lasering, and giant planet destroyers, then I do recommend it. If you are more of a casual base builder, I'd avoid this game."
,Not Recommended,233250,10242164,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,F|23AKZ01D,"The game runs so slowly on linux, it is unplayable."
76561198048582880,Not Recommended,233250,15941177,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Dynastar55,"Don't get this game, it has 2 horrific problems with it.1. Technical: The insane specs it needs to run properly/server issues2. The basic strategy of the gameProblem 1 is a pretty common one, the game runs like crap. And Playfab, the company that hosts it, makes you use their servers to play the game in single player, so if you have problems with their server you cant play the game at all. The game will also start lagging like crazy towards the later part of the game unless you have a gaming PC. I use my laptop, i know its not ideal, but I can run Arma 2 on this thing so i guess it can do something.On to problem number 2, and this is the big one. The game's strategy is to outproduce your opponent. That's it, obviously you can flank them or snipe thier commander, but if your opponent doesn't give you the obvious win, then you will just have to make more units than them.Let me stop here and say that this game has the most unrewarding wins on earth. When you win it could not be more clear that you did so only because you have more units. A win is boring, the combat is boring and losses are frustrating. Wanna know why a loss is frustrating, because your army that was 3/4 the size of your enemies was leveled in 15 seconds and didn't put a dent in his.And when you win all it amounts to is to you steamrolling through their base and killing their commander. There are no last stands, no epic endings, no comebacks, this game is pretty much won or lost within one battle, and then after that you are trying to catch back up or are running through your opponents base.I really thought this would be fun, i thought it would have some amazing games or close victories, and maybe it does, but  unless you dedicate a fair amount of time to it, i would say the most you will ever accomplish is you beating up on new players and getting your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you by guys that have been playing since alpha.And the other people that play this game are the worst, go watch masterofroflness's videos on youtube, listen to the way  he talks about his opponents, and when he spectates he rarely has anything constructive to say. He is this game's average player, this is the game that the whole ""PC masterace"" stereotype is about. It's dull, repetitve and♥♥♥♥♥♥ And they will say you are less of a person because you don't get it. Your better off just going out and getting a 30 with the money you would spend on the game, one fun night is better than 20 hours of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game."
,Not Recommended,233250,13937383,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,キャメロンです先輩(Cam),If I could run it without crashing then maybe I could give my honest review on it...
76561198032665814,Not Recommended,233250,13928324,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,MrVecetti,"Never in my life have I ever been so disappointed and frustrated with a game. I bought this at 80% off and all I can say is, I want my money back..I loved Total Annihilation when I was young, this is a very poorly made copy off that great game. Ntm even SPORE a better looking galaxy FCOL.."
76561198006705553,Not Recommended,233250,13903134,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,zeus_2112,worst 20$ i ever spent. i honestly would even question purchasing this game for even 5.99$ poor camera controls overall game play was sub par. and graphic well those were about the only positive.
76561198154565850,Recommended,233250,13191481,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,SkumDogMuffinPotato,luv it bru
,Recommended,233250,13190329,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Schleckenmiester,Awesome game the only down side would be the campain you need cards n' stuff and the gameplay is hard on normal mode have at least an easy mode for those people that just started the game and a few tips from the people that hate the game because of the AIRCRAFTFirst its not insanl OP its actually really balanced just get a bunch of air defense towers in your base and there forced to use ground troops because there air would get destroyed if they used itSecond Ground troops are not completly useless if they have air defense theres also a moving air defense car that also destroyes air... doesn't do as much damage but is good enoughFor people who see this and are interested in getting it... Its like starcraft with planets and you can only be 1 race with different materials and ships and blowing up planets included
76561197971222658,Not Recommended,233250,14106652,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,willrockwell,"Remember Supreme Commander / Forged Alliance, and how you've been waiting for a worthy sequel? You won't find it here. If you can spam units, you can win this game. No strategy needed, just numerical superority.I got this for ~$5 so I'm not too upset that it's less than amazing.Pro's: It has nice graphics and animations. The inter planetary concept is cool, but the execution just isn't there."
,Recommended,233250,12022560,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,z4ph0d,the game is basically a modern total commander. the multiple planet makes the game a bit more complex.  For fans of total commander wort a look. or for people that like strategy games like supreme commander.hf blowing planets
,Not Recommended,233250,15053547,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,RLA | Jiegonator,"I was so excited for this game...Like Holy balls man!RTS.Space.Conquering planets.Online Co-op.Uncommon Gfx.SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!!!!!Awesomeness Yeeeeah.....Then i played...Unfriendly UI. It's the first time i actually played an RTS game w/o knowing how to do something. No hints, guides, tutorials or manuals, anything of that sort in-game. It's like the devs assume their game is 20 years old already and everybody should know how to do sh!t and stuff. ""Let's make a portal to jump from world to world. How do you make it work? I don't know. But it's a nice decoration on our base sir!"" @s$d!ckH0l35#Stupid interplanetary unit that can only carry ONE unit. And to add salt to injury, there is only ONE interplanetary unit.Overpowered aerial units.USELESS water units.This game is clearly half baked.I'LL SHOVE MY MONEY DOWN YOUR THROAT AND BURN IT INSIDE YOUR GUTS WITH NAPALM FOR MAKING A COMPLETE IDIOT OUT OF ME BUYING YOUR GAME!!!1/5 - I still like the Gfx. But this game isn't done yet, right? Right? RIGHT?!??Do yourself a favor and buy another space RTS game instead. You've been warned!"
,Not Recommended,233250,15119368,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,mattrummins,"I soooooo wanted to like this game.  I even got a new video card to run the graphics, which I needed because, quite simply, the graphics are awesome.  Don't get me wrong, it is just a shed load of polygons, but the multi-3d environment is exactly what I had been looking for in a RTS game ever since I got hooked on Command & Conquer and red Alert.To be clear, it is the standard build-em-up format; each building you build allows you to build units which allow you to build even more advanced buildings, until you are finally building space ships to take the battles to other planets which are all there in real time and perfect 3D graphics...  Watch you ships orbit stars and planets ans they bring the fight to the enemy!So why am I giving it a bad review.  Quite simply, in my opinion, it is to ****ing hard to coordinate everything the game requires with just one brain.  Firstly, you have to build hundreds (literally) of units in order to wage you campaign, which would be difficult to coordinate even if it was on a 2D top-down landscape;  this difficulty is compounded by the fact that you are working on number of separate 3d spheres and can never adequately observe more than about 1/10th of your troupes at any one time (on a big map containing multiple worlds);  add to this the multi-layer strategy of orbital vs land troupes and it just becomes insanely difficult to keep track of your troupes and your strategy.  on top of all of this mayhem is the maniacally fast game pace and the annoyance of 'game over' as soon as your commander is destroyed.This might be exactly the kind of fast paced, over-clocked, multi-3D strategy game you have been looking for;  but for me, it is overwhelmingly fast paced and, ultimately, unenjoyably over-complicated.  Go for it if you want to prove you are still running a 168 spacial IQ."
,Recommended,233250,16684512,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Mr.Frantz,"Really good and fun game, cant get all the negativite"
76561197970460603,Not Recommended,233250,13930874,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,dave,Secondary account required to even use the single player option.  Avoid
76561198122664080,Not Recommended,233250,13909697,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Obsidiaus,"I waited forever for this game, to the point it drifted from my ind, then I remembered it and came around to buy it, for a high price which, based on many reviews, isn't worth it. And then a sale cropped up that allowed me to buy this long awaited game. I sat back, ready to play, and loaded the game. Or at least attempted to. This game would not start, at all.I tried several things to fix this issue, I checked all of my specs, I bumped my system into a better performance state, I even checked what I could of the games properties. And still nothing. I have no idea the content of this game, what it's quality is nor it's handle. I do not know why this game will not boot, but I am deeply disappointed that a full release game that had the kind of backing this did, won't even start up.If I succeed in getting the game to start up and manage to play, I will update this and give my views as to the game in a more informed light. Currently, I cannot recommend or condemn this game, as I have no idea what it plays like."
76561197962528013,Recommended,233250,13633413,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,٩(-̃•̃)۶,Not bad... Not bad at all :O
76561198036235815,Not Recommended,233250,9726790,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Mr. Fantastic,"Yeah this game is a polished piece of crap. The main problem with this game is it crashes so many times and is unreliable, also there are no game lobbies anywhere but EUwest. I haven't even played a single game of this yet because of how frequent of it crashing i just feel like the devs arent even trying to fix it. worst 50 dollars ive ever spent.Edit:So after 2 months of updating it still crashes often, singleplayer is a joke, game crashes after loading the ""armoury"", and guess what? the armoury has a working shop. they made a ♥♥♥♥ing shop before fixing the main problems with the game. still a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and I've since lost all respect for this game and its developers. Don't buy it even if it goes on sale you will waste your money to support terrible money grabbing devs who really arent focusing on the stabilization of the game."
,Not Recommended,233250,15921642,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Planey_McPlane_Face,"this game is ok, got a lot of cool concept, and a lot of people complain because the graphics are terrible, but if they were good the game would be completely unplayable instead of barely playable, which is my first issue. The lag. Now, my graphics card is not the best, but there are games that are pretty much the same and run perfectly. IDK if the devs can fix that, but just a warning I have no idea what they mean by minimum graphics card, unless the minimum is that it must at least have 1 frame per minute. Much of it is not me, their servers are pretty terrible, many times it will lock up and leave me going PLEASE DONT CRASH PLEASE DONT CRASH. Which brings me to the glitches. They happen almost every game, some are just tiny issues that are annoying, but usually its a gamebreaking glitch that makes the game unplayable and I have to leave. Another issue I have is they claim they are not in beta anymore. EVERYTHING ABOUT THE GAME SAYS BETA! The glitches, as mentioned, and also the GUIs are very difficult to use, you pretty much need to figure it out by trial and error, which is tricky as most of the buttons dont work. IT EVEN SAYS BETA IN THE GAME it has a save option that does not at all work, I have tried it, it literally says save(beta). i guess they consider the game, when it is actually somewhat playable, to be out of beta. All I wonder is what Alpha was like. Another thing is the extreme repetitiveness of it. EVERY SINGLE GAME ITS THE SAME THING build resources build army get in eternal war with everyone. The multiplayer is hardly enjoyable as the servers are pretty bad and the amount of players is hardly impressive. You'd be hard pressed to find a server that is not consisting of 1 guy who has been waiting for 2 days for other people to get on. The majority of the people who play the game online are pretty much all pros and tryhards (I'm not kidding, there is no such thing as a quick game, I have seen people who literally coat planets in troops to the point of there is no more room.) you also have people who grab nukes, and as soon as you get nukes, unless the other people have anti nuke defenses (which by the way take a year to actually create the anti nuke missiles, in fact longer then it takes to make the nukes, cuz ya know a missile that simply hits the nuke is way more complex then a nuke) you can just nuke their commander (the super weak guy who if he dies everything dies) and win the game. They make the planetary anhillation sound awesome, but in reality it is usually a pro who shoots strait for the anhillator and then destroys the whole system. The thing needs these buildings on them, which the description of those buildings does not even say what it does. It just says ""used to control things. big things."" that definitely translates into ""controller for the planetary anhillator."" To sum it all up, it has some cool concepts in it, but the only reason anyone really seems to play on it is not at all because of the developers, but the community playing on multiplayer and mods that make the game more playable. Yes, mods, in other words THE COMMUNITY HAS TO MAKE ITS OWN FIXES FOR THE GAME! The developers are now just sitting there, making money off of the community. VERY VERY RARELY they update the game, usually to fix or rebalance one thing, yet at the rate that they fix things and the problems the game has, it will never get done. Its not like each fix is major; it took them at least a month just to adjust the health and damage of a building. That is literally just a matter of entering in different numbers. All in all, good game, but the developers just stopped fixing it and just collect all the money from it while the community wants to play this game so bad they have to make their own fixes."
76561198085966815,Not Recommended,233250,15450125,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,gstorhigin,"Horrible excuse for a finished game. Nothing was delivered that the devs promised or created hype for. I wont go into too much detail as others here have already pointed out the obvious reasons so many of us feel like we were♥♥♥♥♥♥on. To sum it up, this game sucks. Big time."
,Not Recommended,233250,15850959,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Lil Jon,"disappointing game, I loved total annihilation and supreme commander and was excited for PA.  Playing PA, getting resources is too easy turning the game into spam fest, units have little value.  There are no exciting units anyway.  Maps are boring, no interesting terrain.  Sad times"
,Not Recommended,233250,15918513,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,The_Flange,"I love this game but the bugs make it infuriating to play. I was 80 or so turns into a galactic war when I loaded the game and resumed a battle only to find when it finished loading that myself and two sub-commanders had inexplicably been defeated. That was that, 15 hours wasted on a bug.It's not the only bug, they are too numerous to mention. I was never quite sure what was going to happen when I started the game up. I know this is an indie effort but they seriously need to up their game. I'm thankful I only payed £5.99 for this- if I'd paid the full price I would be asking for a refund."
,Not Recommended,233250,15919120,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,jackwilsdon,"A very well thought out and designed game, however it is very glitchy in it's current state."
76561198038657766,Not Recommended,233250,15970199,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Horizon,"The game is unique and cool, but unless you're playing 1vs1, the game will probably just lag for all of the players making it unbearable. This isn't something they're going to fix - it's been there since the beta.However, when the game isn't being laggy as balls it can be a lot of fun. It has a Halo Wars feel because of the way which units always have a weakness which another type of unit can exploit. The maps are fair and the game doesn't feel like it's just down to luck. There's plenty of units to choose from and it all else fails, you can just send a barrage of nukes to obliterate the enemies forces, or even smash your planet into theirs.I wouldn't recommend buying this game for the full price, but if you like RTS games and you want something with a new feel, this might be the right game to buy."
76561197968606520,Not Recommended,233250,14930669,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Rayner,rubbish
,Recommended,233250,15819756,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,HumanityOK,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is AMAZING!!! HOW COULD SOMEONE NOT LOVE BLOWING UP PLANETS WITH OTHER PLANETS OR A GIGANTIC ♥♥♥♥ING SPACE LAZER!? I love the campagin, multiplayer, and Galatic War. It feels like a actual stratgey game instead of people just sitting there, surviving or gathering stuff. You can blow people up with Nukes, Plantes, Giant ♥♥♥♥ing space lazers, etc. etc. The games last a while and it is all even. No one has a advantage over another cause they bought the game early, or have a better commander. It is very well balanced. Everyone can have the same stuff.THIS. GAME. IS. AMAZING."
,Not Recommended,233250,15935256,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,TheExHarbringer,"Unless you want to get stuck trying to just land on each others planet's after both people/AI have fortified it, For hours on end. I wouldn't Recommend this game. To be honest i thought it was going to be a lot better, but it seems like a waste of $$$$"
,Not Recommended,233250,16741177,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,felipezacani,"Very disapointed with this game. The engine is nice, but the game is shallow and pointless. In the end, there is only one faction (i.e. a single set of units). You may like it at the beginning, until you notice there is no point in playing. You will never get any reward, there is no campaign (just a randomly generated set of skirmishes). But the worst thing is the AI is impossible to deal with at some point, so you will end up trying to make early runs for victory all the time. Unless, of course, you are a machine capable of managing thousands of units in multiple planets at every second."
,Recommended,233250,17427458,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,g2x3k ︻芫═───,Very good game sad so little players already in multiplayer but hey
76561198009407893,Recommended,233250,16774014,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,☆Jaxoo☆,8/10 best macro rts
,Not Recommended,233250,15478412,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,darkbochi,I just don't know what to do when someone spams orbital defense platforms..
76561198013064054,Not Recommended,233250,17917616,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Chap Chappington,This game is so pretentious it gave me a film school degree
,Not Recommended,233250,16044816,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,thecreepermann,"Over all this is a good game however there are bugs that can not be forgiven.Cons1. Glitchy path for robots2. Glitchy teleports. (Unacceptable I lost a match because of this)3. Can't load some systems. No error given just will not load.4. Bad system creator. This system creator limits you a lot. (Not being able to place water, land, lava, etc.)5. teleporters againPros1. Good game play2. Good graphics3. Smashing moons into other planets4. Using a giant death laser to kill enemies5. Very fun to play with friendsConclusionI would only get this game if you have any one else to play with. I would also encourage any one who wants to get this game to wait until the developers fix a lot of the bugs.EDIT:Now drops you half way in the middle of the game."
,Not Recommended,233250,34095210,Posted: 7 August,all,aradapilot,I expected better from the folks who made the absolutely excellent Total Annihilation back in '97. This doesn't hold a candle to it. Feels like they made half a game and gave up.
76561198120614980,Recommended,233250,32327061,Posted: 10 June,all,KeenGuy,Great game! Controls are very straight forward and easy to use. The graphics style is simple and effective. The AI is challenging and the gameplay is addicting. I would recommend this game to anyone!
,Recommended,233250,11667293,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,ColioFrye,I do recommend this BUT I CANT ♥♥♥♥ING RUN IT NOW!
,Recommended,233250,10728799,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,I exchanged currency for winrar,"The only issue i have is that its not a learning curve, its a learning 90 degree incline"
76561197968945792,Not Recommended,233250,12635677,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,QuesTMaster,"I had high hopes for this game, but in the end they produced an unfinished and unattractive game."
76561198043361466,Recommended,233250,19260737,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Cresc The Wolf,"Personally, I adore the game, though perhaps biased, if you enjoy Strategy games you will like this game, and yes while it may have been a poor choice for UBER to make the choice of an expansion, it is sort of hard to see any developers muster a game even close to what this game is now. I also don't understand how people think that developers can pull master-pieces out of their bum without a Triple-A Budget. While everyone is hating on UBER right now, I want to say that at least I understand that things are change in any way without hate, i'll give you time UBER."
,Recommended,233250,19335483,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,PeerlessSpoop,"Can be slow at times and the end-game can be boring as well, but overall a decent planetary RTS. 9/10"
76561198095365753,Recommended,233250,19350005,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,TrainsGoChuChu,Destroyed Galaxy with Laser10/10
,Recommended,233250,20168975,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Austtheboss22,"Cool game, But it's not Mountain... 9/10"
,Recommended,233250,23235638,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,ByteSore,not a bad game..
,Recommended,233250,30282947,Posted: 2 March,all,[NOT] [LL]  Justin N.,geinig
76561198132081516,Recommended,233250,19300473,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,SC0RCHM4STER102,This game deserves more attention than it has. Dont know why people dislike it.
,Recommended,233250,19307272,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,jpinela,"First of all let me say that what caught my attention when I saw this game's intro video, was the massive possible abuse of being able to take a small planet and THRUST IT against your opponent on another planet!!! AWESOME!!!I won a match against an AI that nuked me, almost dead, by luckily sending a planet on his HEAD!! (again) AWESOMEnow the game: I am a supreme commander (hence forth refered as SC) 1 & 2 player. So it is impossible to avoid comparing both.right out of the bat, in terms of gameplay, this is better than SC2 and at least not better than SC1. Why?Well, first of all the defenses in this game seem more useful than SC2. Also it is possible to assist-build everything unlike SC2 (example, nukes).This is a really fun game, which I feel it lacks a purpose after finishing the campaigns even if many times.It is a really fun game, you have loads of possibilities to attack (even if in cases where you don't attack quickly, it may be difficult to penetrate an enemy-controlled planet) from sky, land, sea, orbital and tactical (cross-planet) attacks.The AI is smart enough, and can be a real fun challenge.There are some path-finding bugs, and sometimes units get themselves stuck in the middle of already built buildings (since turn in place changed).All in all, I give it an 8.7/10 or similar, because it is really fun, and when you win, it feels great and several insulting words spill out of your mouth towards your opponent ;) and that is how gaming should make you feel (excited and accomplished, not just swearing ;)."
76561198047785267,Recommended,233250,19365795,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Nuttyboy12,i would recommend this game to anyone who likes playing RTS games
76561198134619640,Recommended,233250,19447397,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,[THM] Wor Siddz,Fansastic real time strategy game that really brings to life the past futuristic games
76561198127032613,Recommended,233250,21977136,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Fizzwerth,"I really love PA, this was my first rts game and it has a special place in my heart after 130 hours of gameplay, but at this point I would recoment buying titaans, if you happen to see PA for free don't hesitate to purcase it, I would just save my money for PAT. (PS: you don't need PA to run PAT)"
,Not Recommended,233250,32398630,Posted: 13 June,all,MTC Dasjing,"Game's sequel was released without this version being finished. More than that however, the game just felt lacking and uncomfrotable to play. Weird interactions between air/land/space."
,Not Recommended,233250,15820474,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Boobie Pillow,"This game's version of RTS is ""spam the living F*** out of units"" No need to do anything else because if you don't do it. Your opponent whether it be AI or human will do it and pwn you.Seriously. I've had this game since it first came out and I still cannot bare to play it. It may look cool but its an RTS version of a button mashing game."
,Not Recommended,233250,16272730,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Delicious Phillip,"It has been getting better with each patch but:The balance and viability of different strats isn't very good. It has a predictable meta which focuses on rushing as the lategame can create brutal stalemates. I feel like the controls/unit's responsiveness isn't good enough for the scope of the game and the nature of the gameplay. Its hard/slow to preform basic functions without memorizing the hotkeys, and once you can rattle off commands quickly you'll notice your units don't have very good ai/pathing. The gameplay makes me want to micro a lot of little groups, but the U.I isn't quite at the level where I can easily keep track of all of them. The game makes me feel like I need a second monitor, theres a lot of information and a lot of awesome stuff, but its really hard to stay focused and be aware of all this stuff. This is primarily because the gameplay unfolds on round planets and not flat surfaces. If there was an option to view the planet as a flat map the gameplay would be made much simpler, but this would be a very hard to implement change and detract from one of the game's main selling points which was the PLANETARY ANNIHILATION element. Its a really cool game, and a cool concept, but it is very hard to keep track of everything happening in the game and the amount of proxy wars that can start popping up is maddening. Its cool. Its really cool infact it might just be the coolest rts i've ever played, but everything is so sluggish and the game stalemates far too often. It simply isn't as well design as the old Sup-Comm games that predate it. A couple of my friends have had unplayable lag because of their gpu or graphics options, despite having computers good enough to run the game on ultra in theory.It is too unrefined in both gameplay and engine to reccomend, but it is still pretty good."
,Recommended,233250,19356980,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,jerzyboy76,"idk what all the crappy reviews are about, but this is awesome. build a base, collect resources(like old command & conquer), build an army complete with nuke silo n orbitals then hunt n kill/nuke the enemy. the mushroom clouds shoot high off the planet when the enemy base gets nuked. it's badass lol. :)"
,Recommended,233250,19357503,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Roki Vulovic,"A interesting game with beutiful stylistic graphics. Takes a bit to get used to if your not skilled on the RTS genre, but the multi-planet combat is a thing that makes it unique amongst other RTS games."
76561198022387541,Recommended,233250,19390820,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Van So Sorry,I haven't seen a war game with these wonderful songs
76561198085483606,Not Recommended,233250,19783644,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Hand Solow,"I can't believe what a rip off this game is. I downloaded the update last night just to find they were trying to Jew more money out of me for 'Titans'. Uber can expect denouncement on any future releases for this horrible pile of broken, crashing, unfinished pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ How much ♥♥♥♥ing money do you need? A kickstarter, expensive early access and now some over priced expansion pack? I hope this company goes down under."
,Recommended,233250,19856395,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Doom,Would build 50 nukes again.
,Recommended,233250,19868071,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Happy little tree,Planetary Annihilation: The Journey of a Kickstarterhttp://www.gamasutra.com/blogs/JohnComes/20151222/262444/Planetary_Annihilation_The_Journey_of_a_Kickstarter.php
76561198173890139,Recommended,233250,20019017,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,svcruizer,"Great game, a must buy for rts players"
,Not Recommended,233250,22230503,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Chef Fuckboyardee,"It's like Supreme Commander, if it was made by a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and its♥♥♥♥♥♥was all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198080048514,Not Recommended,233250,23099477,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,fuzzball88,Tutorial didn't even work. IN AN RTS!!!!!-4/10
,Not Recommended,233250,15587241,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,TheBrain0110,"Several months after release and performance is *still* terrible. I want to enjoy this, but every time I open it up, I get fed up with the incredibly laggy interface before I get very far, and go back to playing Supreme Commander."
76561198025454203,Recommended,233250,19381446,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Stanley,"I bought this game for $5. It is worth $20. I realize now that waiting till after the kickstarter was the smartest decision I have made in awhile!The gameplay is awesome! If it is on sale, it is a must-have for any RTS-lover. Most of the bugs have been worked out now (this review was written on November 29th, 2015)8/10 Would smash a planet into my brother's planet again."
,Recommended,233250,19427359,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,MyPoopSmellsYum,"I have followed the game since Kickstarter, where it initially grabbed my attention and I paid the $59.99 for it. I love RTS and this is simply amazing. The only negative reviews are the ones about the Devs being money hungry but in order to play the game you have to have a good computer, so you should have money, so you shouldn't be complaining that a company is making a game so great that you have to pay for it. Nothing in life is free...But this leads me to my issue, remember how I mentioned I followed the game since Kickstarter, yea, as you can tell by my hours I have yet to actually play the game. Why? Because Once the game launches it freezes, the music plays, the animations move, but I can't click anything. And with every single update I am thinking ""Yaay! I might be able to finally play."" Nope! Fails everytime."
,Recommended,233250,20151810,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,The Neck of the Neck,good game
,Not Recommended,233250,20703459,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,PattinJaska ツ,Boring
,Not Recommended,233250,21871028,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Doctor Mosquito M.D.,"I paid 80 dollars for this game.Yeah, this one."
76561198105031108,Not Recommended,233250,21897153,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,CaroJones,You'd be lucky to get through more than 30 mins of this game before it crashes on you. Even with the settings on the lowest.
76561197996901884,Not Recommended,233250,15836066,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,The Zoq2,The game is unplayable on linux. After a few minutes of gameplay the UI crashes and the only way to get it working again is to restart. You also can't save when it happens so you can't play for more than a few minutes.The bug was reported over 1 year ago and nothing has been done about ithttp://pa.lennardf1989.com/Tracker/index.php?do=details&task_id=2392
76561198094720499,Not Recommended,233250,15844863,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,collectivedead,"The game overall is something I would enjoy more if it was not for the high memory demand.I have about eight gigs of ram, but clearly is not enough for a game this demanding on the EASIEST setting.People claim oh just add more ram, its rather cheap...not so simple for some of us.It is not a bad comp, it can play some pretty high end games on great settings.Skyrim runs great on ultra settings, marvel heros runs like a dream.I also have ALL the crysis games which work fine, just not on the highest graphical setting cause of mild frame rate issue during massive battles.I can handle two planets that is it.More than one enemy commander or two planets becomes a HUGE memory hog.There was ONE game that worked out with four enemies, that is only cause the one crashed their moon into one of the others...that was the ONLY reason, cause once two were gone...the slight slow down in the game seemed to lift.I can not even finish a single player campaign mode game cause of the high memory usage when it comes to system involving 3 to 4 planets with varying moons & enemies.Also depending how built up the enemy ends up before meI can not even fight back.For this reason I can not recommend this game at this time."
,Not Recommended,233250,16235041,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,NatterZane,"Really cool ideas, but contains too many bugs and lacks polish in many areas."
76561198000680571,Not Recommended,233250,16478051,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Wurstgolem,"Tries to be Supreme Commander but eventually fails at it.Pathfinding was pretty bad when I played it.Unstable. Crashing planets would often lead to crashing the game.The round planets graphic basicly reduces the usable Screen by 30% or more. It is a nice idea but it doesn't play out well.No factions.Always online is garbage. Because of the serverside calculations the game does, the game behaves in strange ways when your internet connection is having problems even tho you only want to play against bots."
76561198038636999,Not Recommended,233250,19122306,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,robdavis78,"I blame steam, they should safegaurd there customers from theaves like like this, Ive said it for ages. Im starting to use GOG a lot more now, for this exact reason.steam has gone a little off track of late, we should be able to wright reviews about DEVS like bad sellers on ebay, so they think twice about pulling this kind of ****"
76561198080299712,Not Recommended,233250,19261380,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,The Imperial,Uber you just lost your fanbase
,Recommended,233250,19281938,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Lantern,"The first thing I did upon buying this game was to get to the nearest planet/moon, give it thrusters and proceeded to SMASH it into the other planet.One of the greatest things I have done in a game to date."
76561198021613569,Not Recommended,233250,19347298,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,CaptainYOLO,Game keeps crashing at start up or when i start a game....
,Recommended,233250,19382188,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Svenski,"I've seen a lot of mixed reviewed for PA and personally I would have to lean toward a positive review.  It may not be the best competetive RTS due to balance issues and computing lag, but it makes for a great LAN Co-op or even solo experience as the AI programming is good enough for a challenge.  Definitely worth the asking price.  I think the graphics and visuals are beautiful and well designed.  This game is what supreme commander 2 should have been."
,Recommended,233250,19427769,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Cooly568,"It's like if Mythbusters, rapidly recreating robots infected with Diabeetus, a couple of star systems, and a barber shop, had a fight. Explosions, a lot of robots, planets blowing up, and a lot of fragments left on the ground afterwards."
,Recommended,233250,20037840,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Gir,Great gameplayTotally worth the money.I just do not recommend PA: Titans due the high price
,Recommended,233250,21207474,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Dommel,"Very cool planet RTS. Amazing how you play on spheres. Less units and complexity then supreme commander, but in a good way. I thought the planet to planet travel and satalite gameplay is bad and confusing because of bad flow and interface. Ground battles are very cool and feel like the classics! I suggest to play this atleast once for the planet gameplay.7 - Good--10 - Perfect!!9 - Amazing8 - Very Good7 - Good6 - Average5 - Could be better4 - Bad3 - Very Bad2 - Terrible1 - Unplayable--Robert Berrier | 3D Artistwww.robertberrier.com"
76561197961684635,Not Recommended,233250,15843466,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,t00 1337r,"Man....I got this game on sale for 6 bucks, and still feel like I got ripped off....Most of the negative reviews were from a year or so ago, so thought Id add my thoughts on its current state.You can just tell when a game was developed poorly. The devs blame bugs and things on ""outdated drivers"" or ""old operating systems"", but to me its just excuses. Ive had PLENTY, if not MOST well developed games run flawlessly on my machine. Right off the bat, my mouse cursor was MISSING! How could something like this not get fixed in alpha or beta stages?! Anyways.... just poor performance overall....no explanations for what youre doing in the campaign, or how to build, or how to do anything really...UI is cluttered...can you upgrade buildings and/or units? WHO KNOWS! Does building next to other buildings provide efficiency bonuses? WHO KNOWS!  Its just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ free-for-all. Just really poorly developed. Just feels like constant fumbling through an over-ambitious idea that totally under-delivered.... A Planetary Clusterf*ck"
,Not Recommended,233250,16497731,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,beer_fridge,Amount of bugs and performance issues make this a title I wish I hadn't purchased.
,Not Recommended,233250,16550003,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,True Viking,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I waste 30 min to add my friend in friend list
76561198040995695,Not Recommended,233250,18035204,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Airxhi,"Bought this game after a lot of hype in Alpha and after loving Supreme Commander: FA, however for £60 the game never progressed from the alpha to the released game I was promised and now the devs have the audacity to ask me for £10 to buy an expansion which contains features to make the game interesting. Not buying the expansion and very dissapointed in Uber."
76561197979168348,Recommended,233250,19298070,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,gary34231,"I bought this game while on sale for Black Friday and I understand everyone being mad about how the developer instead of completing the game made the finished product a seperate standalone DLC game, but that does not take away from the fact that this is a playable and enjoyable game. I was a huge fan of Total Annihilation especially with all the mods that could be added to it. I was a big fan of Supreme Commander and  Forged Alliance again especially with the mods but Supreme commander while it had great graphics was such a resouce hog that even with todays machines it will often slow down on a huge map with huge armies. So far this game has run perfectly smoothly in single player with no crashes it was updated with in the last 60 days so it does not seem to be abandoned. I do think that the game developers treated their customers very poorly and then the game developers complain about people pirating their games, well what do you expect when you abuse your paying customers, why would they continue to give you their money when they feel cheated. That being said I still think that it is a great game and while on sale for $5 and the upgrade about $13 I think it is still a reasonably good buy. I have already gotten my $5 worth for the base game and will probably buy the add on full game."
76561198040768102,Recommended,233250,19298163,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Adnan Sami,mac ok
76561198076578508,Recommended,233250,19323452,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Danlukpro,idk which side i should have been on........................................jk i like it
76561198124322436,Recommended,233250,19329358,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,niggapillar,I absolutley love this game.
,Recommended,233250,19870538,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,DUPE GLITCHING FOR FREE,Reallly Good Game i love it with only 20 hours :D
,Not Recommended,233250,16481162,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ByzantineCanadian,"Fun for a bit, but with a lack of unit variety, only one faction, and a distinct lack of charm in my opinion, it fades very quickly."
76561198015619809,Not Recommended,233250,17532102,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,[TAF] Zeus,"paid 60$ for this game, wish i didnt."
,Recommended,233250,15806747,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Jack,"Great Game, would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,233250,17541309,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,captain tickles,"Overall a great, fun and competitive game. The community is supportive and fun to play with (most of them) and the game has a long replayability. Despite a rocky release the devs have  committed to providing quality service for time to come. I would definitly recommend this if you like classic unit spam RTS's but want something new. The planetary aspect makes this game very unique and really forces you to think big picture, especially when battles take place over multiple planets."
,Not Recommended,233250,15806319,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Lord Avarice,A massive disappointment compared to the original.
76561198003996728,Recommended,233250,15833058,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,wanted31,I like it for 9.99 $Played two matches without a crash.
76561198065146381,Not Recommended,233250,19367403,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,PiggyBackBandit,"Gonna be honest, came to this without any kind of kickstarter bias and I can really say I got my money worth. I Was looking forward to multi planet systems to fight over and maybe a few space battles. Theres sorta that? The typical system I've run into in galactic conquest is about 1 - 2 planets max. Each planet feels way too small. Remeber taht episode of rick and morty with the tiny planet at the end of season two? Imagine trying to go to war on that. I make no jokes when I say there are command and conquer maps bigger then these planets. Also its not all that fun as the AI kinda sucks. And honestly I'd be mad if I had paid more then five bucks for it. In all seriousness its games like this that make me only buy games on deep deep discount sales. Go buy dawn of war or something for a rewarding single player RTS experience, this is only really a good buy if you super love the concept and find it for really cheap."
76561198057808676,Recommended,233250,11962902,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Burrito_Bitch,Lasers. Lasers everywhere.
76561198022036580,Recommended,233250,12007149,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Spooky UnclePhil,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE but hard
76561198024522747,Recommended,233250,12013119,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Emperor Dao,"very good game, one of the best i've ever played. lag here and there but that may be from by pc. overall however, highly recommended"
76561198002857601,Recommended,233250,12026419,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Simpo,"feels a bit unpolished to be officialy launched but never the less very much worth the money, a great and unique game"
76561197960461426,Not Recommended,233250,13978881,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Zurlan,"Game needs a ton of work, since the last patch I can't even launch the game from the steam library (missing executable). I have to go the folder and launch the executable directly, and after doing that I can't even manage to get fully into a game before it locks up and crashes the game, and sometimes explorer all together. The game has a lot of potential, and I loved Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander/FA, it just needs more bug fixing."
76561198030404316,Recommended,233250,11991790,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,definitelynotalpharius,"Although I personally have some framerate issues with the game, overall it's one of the best strategy games I've ever played, and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys strategy, or building giant rockets and using them to blow up planets with other planets."
,Recommended,233250,12027757,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,+[SP]+ Flyberius [Warthunder?],Its exactly as awesome as it looks.
76561198027551901,Recommended,233250,12028494,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Nobody119,BEST GAME EVER :D
,Recommended,233250,13965510,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Metaljin,"A nice mix of Sins of a Solar Empire and Command & Conquer. A lot a of big ideas that have been implemented pretty well. I am still utterly noobish at so I will update this as I play through it.Please note that my review does not take into account or have any interest in the ""supposed scandal"" of this game. My thoughts are very simple; People payed to support the development of this game. If it did not live up to the standards that they had hoped for, that is on them and their seemingly unrealistic expectations of a ""perfect"" game. There is no perfect game. The developers asked for your help and you gave it to them. That is literally as far as it goes. They made a fully playable game and they OWE you nothing else. Reading some of the comments on here it is as if people think the developers owe them their lives or something and it is petty and juvenile. The game is still being updated (most recently as of Jan 15th) so this fantasy that they have stopped supporting it is out. The game is very functional and plays better than many greenlight/early access games I have seen. There is plenty of room for improvement and I am fairly certain that the most egregious issues will be patched out. If not, the game was made, it was released. You got what you payed for. The developers do not owe you their blood or their lives.Comments? Discussion? Leave a message if you want and we can talk about it. I can tell you that you are pretty and that everything will work out in your life and the mean ole indie developer won't hurt you anymore."
76561198124513822,Recommended,233250,12019540,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,-P.W.T- Drsmith,"If you love RTS games this is the game for you. It has really good graphics, gameplay and smart aI. When i saw this game the one thing that caught my eye was the blowing up planets. I got it because no other company has thought of this in a RTS game."
76561198037257016,Recommended,233250,12022276,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Blu-Bengie,sweg
76561198012319083,Recommended,233250,12026969,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Hawk,Wonderful game is this next command and conquer would love to see a single player storyline...well worth looking at and playing
76561198042291394,Recommended,233250,12021355,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,MrMysterio,"This game is incredibly fun and entertaining. As someone who is bloody atrocious at RTS style games I can still pick this up and have a blast, even if my management skills are like that of a mentally handicapped boy trying to escort ants to their nest with a pale of water.I've had it since early beta, and I've seen it come a long way, I haven't however had a chance to play it since it is now offically launching!Bottom line if you like RTS games then this will blow your mind with its massive scale and all round enjoyable gameplay that leaves you wanting more!Also, asteroid weapons rock \m/"
76561197978061281,Recommended,233250,12176510,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Hanith,"A fun game. Economy and unit production function just like the old Total Annihilation games and the ""newer"" supreme commander games. Unlike SupCom though, battles don't drag on unless the enemy player is very adept at hiding or turtling. There are also only 2 tech levels and no experimental units. This helps to steamline things. There are a few game-changing weapon too. Nukes (countered by anti-nukes) can be built fairly early and rapidly when extra engineers are put on them. Moon crashing is devastating but hard to pull off if your enemy has proper intel coverage and responce units / nukes. Once it starts though, it is difficult to stop. The last is the metal-planet laser. It pulls a death-star and is greater to moon crashing in devastation but is repeatable from the controller's part.What I really enjoy about this game is the scale. Like SupCom or TA, thousands of units can dot the field. Unlike those, wars are fought on planets so backing into a corner is impossible (unless you turn a planetoid into a fortress which can then be cracked by a space-raid, nuke-rain, moon crash or planet laser). While managing larger systems (5+ planets) can get troublesome the game provides a complete second rendering of the game to help. It acts like apicture-in-picture and you can select units, issue orders, and even swap screens with it.I definately suggest getting this game. Just don't get it for an older computer or a net-book expecting it to function."
76561197996254681,Not Recommended,233250,12689551,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Tw1st3dV3n0m,"I brought this game when it was half price to support the TA and Supreme Commander series. However I really dont find it very enjoyable. The Eco System is very lacking and the units are very boring.  I dont enjoy the planet systems and the fact there isnt a single player campaign is kind of awful. There are far to many games these days which publishers take your money for and dont bother to think about the people who play the game. This is one of those games. All about bringing it out half finished so they can keep the pre-orders $$$. The funny thing is the publisher has no doubt already moved on to their next project. I won't be support Uber again, unless I have to."
76561198116222456,Not Recommended,233250,15988460,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,superminer707,"GAME CONSTANTLY CRASHES AND I CAN'T PLAY MULTIPLAYER, PLEASE FIX THIS AND THIS REVIEW WILL BE POSITIVE AS  THE GAME IS AWESOME.Thank you, and sorry for excessive caps."
,Not Recommended,233250,15896030,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,DZhang,"So hard to play, unlike red alert 2, this is unique and need to domain a planet which is so hard even i played against AI."
,Recommended,233250,12383777,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Cole [lv Dead],"Fun, cool, and ultimately an epic of planetary proportions... if your apm is 600+ or if your enemy sucks, otherwise good luck seeing 30min+ of work detonating below a flurry of nukes and artillery.Also the AI is a cheating ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Also also the game is missing some promised features and is still unfinished7/10, save some dosh, buy Supreme Commander"
76561198015891166,Not Recommended,233250,13279635,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,iEagle,"This game is a ton of fun to play. The scale of the battles is fantastic, and the scope of the destruction you can unleash is just awesome.Unfortunately, in my first week of play, the game has crashed in more than half of the battles I've fought -- and there isn't even a save game option, so there's no way to recover a game you haven't finished. I deliberately waited to buy this game until it was officially released -- beta is beta, and I could accept bugs like this in a prerelease game, but now that it is released, the frequent crashes mean that I cannot recommend the game, especially not at full price."
76561197968519872,Not Recommended,233250,12431896,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,chaoticjohn,"The campaign forces you into using an early rush tactic otherwise face inevitable death which I don't find enjoyable.  Destruction of your commander finishes the campaign meaning you have to go back to the start.You start out with no tech but the enemy starts out with more if not a complete tech tree meaning that while you attempt to build up forces the enemy is building a more advanced better equipped force and overwhelm.The game is probably only enjoyable for PvP and seems more aimed at that audience.  I'm not about to start doing that so I'm left with ai skirmish or the campaign. playing the ai skirmish is boring or unplayable.  The campaign is nothing more than a string of skirmishes without the same options.Performance wise my PC can't handle a system with 4+ planets which would indicate a lack of draw distance optimization.Coupled with frequent connection drops, lack of save, lag issues, and crashes the whole experience has been more frustrating than enjoyable. I don't think I'll be playing this game again."
76561198037477631,Not Recommended,233250,12432982,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Welkor,"I like the game and enjoy the epic scale warfare genre its continuing from supreme commander, but right now it still feels like an early beta. This is no where near being release quality, it is spitting in the face of its forebearing games to call it such. The game runs choppy, it has no tutorial and the only way explore the tech tree in game is by playing against standard difficulty bots as there isn't even a half try at a campaign mode (so be ready to lose quite a few games as you figure out how to even play).I don't think it supports as many players per game as supreme commander, which means the early claims that it was        going to battle on a galactic scale are currently straight up lies.All in all this game is so underdone that for the first time in years of gaming I honestly want my money back, If it had simply cut out after the opening cinematic I would have been more satisfied than I am having played this beta level cop out.They're advertising their next game, Human Resources, which looks cool (if suspiciously like they looted the scrapped corpse of Planetary Annihilation) but i'm not going to buy it because of the shear insult that this game is."
,Not Recommended,233250,12433016,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,RetroMachine,"Followed since beta, bought it during the sale. Not worth it as a ""finished product""."
,Not Recommended,233250,12444840,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,TheDavv,ur better off buying supreeme comander:forged aliance
,Not Recommended,233250,12445869,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Hanz Fingerbang,"The game has some really exciting ideas (e.g. large scale battles, death-star game winner) for an RTS.Along with the popular complaint of an unfinished product I simply became bored with matches. Apart from the big planetary annihilation events the fighting just felt stale and repetitve. The units felt bland and inconsequential to my conquest and I found myself doing the same things every match."
76561197972501165,Not Recommended,233250,12452270,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,AnthroX,"If you liked Supreme Commander 2 then you'll hate this game.  There is no skill tree, no experimentals, and a very small selection of units.My friend and I spent a few hours playing this but it just wasn't very fun at all."
76561198021844334,Not Recommended,233250,12470847,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,christiano.keller,"Have you ever played Total Annihalation? Have you ever palyed Supreme Commander 2?This game tried to level those games up.Pros:+ Large number of units;+ 3D environment, planets, moons, not just the 2D map;+ larger weapons, like asteroid jets to crash them in to planets, nukes, nuke defense and cannons;- It has a single player campain, but it could be better.Cons:- The single player campain has permanent death. After 11 battles I landed in a solar system with 4 enemy commanders, it is hard, bottom line I lost and had to play it all again just to try it again;- The game crashes because it has no unit limit, but I play Supreme Commander with 6 commanders 1+5 AI and it never crashed. I tried to do the same here and after 30 minutes I couldn't give commands anymore, I am not talking about lag time to give commands, but had to reboot because it didn't accept commands at all. I run in a iC7 4G RAM intelgraphics.I know that it is being sold as a finished game, but I can't recommend a game that crashes."
,Not Recommended,233250,12473935,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,(28CHEESe)Onihonker419.99,I downloaded this game and the tutorial button didn't work! Learning how to play this game is difficult. Had to watch Youtube videos which were not made by the developers to learn basic controls. I learned mods can be added but I haven't figured out how to do this. I'm glad I bought this game on sale otherwise it was too expensive.
,Not Recommended,233250,12430896,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,iToaster,"EDIT: I will be changing my review soon. Planetary Annihilation continues to add in features it initially should have gotten, and when they are all in so the game is where it SHOULD have been at launch, I will update the review.As a finished product, I can't recommend this game. SO many things have been left out that were initially planned and were the reason the kickstarter went through. Some of these, such as the terrain features that were never added (seen here:https://smnc-cdn.s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/pa_images/PA_biomes_concept_public.jpg) have resulted in the game's strategy layer being thrown out the window. Without any proper map design, maps are flat and have no advantages - that means no choke points, no flanks, no epic front line battles, everything is just a massive mosh pit of as many units as you can spam. With no way to defend against everything in the game, and absolutely NO defense against annihilazors or planet smashes, the game can also end prematurely for you out of nowhere in what feels like a very cheap death.I've put $270 into this game and have been with it since the beginning. I did not expect that money to go towards a game that in it's current form is buggy, unfinished, has no strategy in a strategy game, tries too hard to be an e-sport game when it isn't, and fails to live up to completing the kickstarter features that are the REASON the game actually PASSED kickstarter in the first place. And now? They want to dump this game in favor of a NEW KICKSTARTER GAME called HUMAN RESOURCES. I don't care what they say, they are dumping most support of this game if they create a new one. Best part? Despite having earned millions of dollars off this game that only had a $900k kickstarter at the beginning, they are attempting to START human resources at $1.4 million with the stretch goals likely even FURTHER beyond it - when they already have more than enough resources (heh)! With the state of this game, we know that human resources will turn out the same way, not living up to it's own kickstarter video and planned features, and I pray it fails to pass kickstarter so Uber learns their lesson with ♥♥♥♥ing with the consumer.Do not buy this game. It is a terrible strategy game, and on top of that blatantly unfinished and buggy. Don't support it. Go buy supreme commander instead, a game that did it RIGHT. Planet smashing is not enough to warrant the purchase of this game when everything it does is worse than a game that came out 7 years ago."
76561198007994961,Not Recommended,233250,12332919,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,The Senile Old Fool,"Can't even finish a game due to ""Connection to server lost"".Can't recommend a game that doesn't work, at least now it doesn't."
,Not Recommended,233250,12332249,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Lucidity,Very unfinished. Shouldn't be even close to release.
,Not Recommended,233250,12436698,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Sweetznezz,"Very possibly the most dissapointing RTS I've ever played, for a project that got 3 million freaking dollars, there's absolutally no reason other than complete incompitance on the side of the devs, to have this uninformative, unoptimised and flat out unfinished product. The original Supreme Commander had better looking graphics, ran better and was way more fun than this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't buy this game, use the money to buy Supreme Commander instead, they have the same mechanics and economy, and Supreme Commander is just a far more enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,233250,12652082,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,loudpack larry,lambda wars x 100and 100 x the butthurtbuy
,Recommended,233250,12004145,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,-------,Best Strategy game out there.It functions as an MMO due to the multiplayer battles which feature up to 10 players fighting each other for utter control and domination for the solar system!
,Not Recommended,233250,14159091,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,1.2.3....,This game is for nothing if you have bad internet connection or none internet. Its not support offline. Single player needs internet too. I recomand this game if you have very good connection to internet.
76561198161504582,Not Recommended,233250,14167641,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,yuriyzubarev7,"I have Mac Mini from 2014, and with all settings on absolute minimum the game is still lagging. Performance optimization was not a priority for the development team I guess."
76561198092314394,Recommended,233250,13936135,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,R15AMZ,Good game. Almost a great game except for its dull campaign and poor optimization.
,Not Recommended,233250,13943241,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,vastra,"Unplayable, crashes in every galactic war mission, no ingame quicksave - game just crashes to desktop without any message at all. Regretting paying money for this."
,Recommended,233250,13963533,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,pingu,much gud gamedoge approvesnot worth 30$$ thokewl anyway m8
,Not Recommended,233250,14092904,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,COG,"Sadly, I can't, in good conscience, recommend this game.Unless someone comes out with a mod containing a rather substantial overhaul of the AI and the ability to save campaign maps, this is a definite do-not-buy.It has so much potential to be a downright amazing RTS, but there are currently some major flaws that make it unplayable. No I don't mean bugs.Flaws.Campaign mode is missing a save feature. If you ever quit the game in the middle of a campaign, you have to start over. This alone is rather unforgivable.The AI. Dear god. The Normal AI, the lowest dificulty AI, is outright brutal. It has no command rate cap, and sees everywhere it has radar, simultaneously. It also has a mad tendency to build and spam nukes as soon as it gets the chance. So basically as a new player, you have no chance of winning against an AI. You will be scouted and nuked before you figure out the menu. I say this, not as a ""wahh the Ai is too hard"" I mean that really and truely, for a new player to have any chance at all to win their first game, they have to study. Literally study. Games should never require a new player to study to be able to ever win. Last I checked that was called school.This game does some things so very well that they need mentioning. For one, the graphics are beautiful. The units are diverse and fun. The campaign would be outright addictive if the AI was at all a fair and competitive opponent. There are so many cool thing you can do to decimate the enemy: nukes, planet smashing, giant deathstar-like planets. Multiplayer vs humans is very very fun. But alas. Overshadowed by the flaws. Eclipsed really."
76561198107457977,Not Recommended,233250,14170633,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,rickietee10,"It was novel to play at first but then this happened:1) my high end (i7 4790k, gtx 780ti yada yada) began to lag... WTF2) I was playing (managing to) a fairly fun game, made a few hundred units, took over a few planets and out of nowhere, rinsed by ♥♥♥♥ing nukes from a different planet.3) I was playing (managing to) a fairly fun game, made a few hundred units, took over a few planets and out of nowhere the game had ended because a 'Friendly' AI killed the bad guys4) I'd had no interaction and a 'Friendly' AI killed the bad guys5) I landed, made one metal extractor and a 'Friendly' AI killed the bad guys.6) I neede a♥♥♥♥♥♥ knowing it was a big'un I thought ""I'll save my progress"" COULD I ♥♥♥♥!7) I landed on a planet, Killed with what can only be desribed as the most air units i've ever seen genorated in five minutes of gameplay in my entire life8) It crashed9) It crashed again10) I broke down in tears11) I swallowed sadness and Tried again12) Put a gun into my mouth and pussied outNow im not saying the game is entirely bad, It has nice colours. But spit on my neck and call my selma we've been rogered here!Wouldnt recommend unless you've got more money than sense and even then you'd need to be Justin bieber to not heed these words.Good luck crying infront of your computer on this game."
,Recommended,233250,13954002,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Vale,"First rts i've enjoyed in a while. While I'de prefer a little more variety in the AI behaviour and more variety in general (troops/buildings/etc) and specifically on interplanitary options - I particualrly like the maneuvering options of a spherical field of battle. Plus, you get to ram a planet down your enemies throat. What's not to love?"
,Not Recommended,233250,13964446,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Xel,"If you like 20:00 minutes of doing nothing just for Ai to play the game for you this game is amazing for you, but i'm not that kind of person"
,Recommended,233250,13969522,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,tegra,"Very fun game with a multitude of different tech paths, strategies and units at the player's fingertips."
76561198119759947,Not Recommended,233250,13975839,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,drknobz,"As a die-hard TA fan, I had been wetting my pants over the concept of this game, however this really does fall short for me in a number of way. Don't get me wrong, I still enjoy this, but the amount of tinkering and modding its taken to make this game enjoyably playable is ridiculous!My biggest annoyance with it is that I am running the game on a computer that FULLY meets the 8gb RAM, 4 core CPU requirements, yet it still laggs super hard ALL the time, making it incredibly difficult to keep up the insanely high rate of issuing commands to win. I find the lack of variety in the availble units laughable, and if they're going to make the metal such a scarce resource and make the extractors have such a low production rate, they need to give us something like the ""Metal Maker"" or ""MOHO Metal Maker"" buildings in TA, that allow the conversion of energy to metal. I've only been playing a week now and I am really tired of loosing in the first 3 minutes because I can't build fast enough to beat the enemy to all the metal spot on a planet. Also, this game is really just swarm tactics and/or a race to get to the metal planets (and build the annihilaser), or the nearest astroid/moon or to make nukes. You're gonna need to race to get anti-nuke lanuchers up and armed (which has an insane build time to arm) otherwise you going to be eating a pile of nukes coming in from other planets. The whole idea of crashing planets into eachother is great, and so is the Death Star ..er, I mean, ""Annihilaser"", but seriously, if you're going to put that in the game, maybe give us some unit or building to DEFEND against that with; I say this not because ""wah wah I keep loosing to the enemy this way"" but because I found the fastest way to wipe out the enemy (usually within 20-30 minutes) is to hop over to a metal planet or astroid/moon and build these superweapons before my opponents ever even have a chance.The other BIG issue I have is the buggyness, and I'm not talking minor things, I talking 2.5 hours into a match, having the game just crash and quit right when I was about to finish 'em off. Also, don't bother trying to load systems with more than 5 or 6 planets, cause you're gonna wait 30 minutes to load the system and have the game stop responding multiple times before its finished.In conclusion, I would have to say I find the ""strategy"" in this game very, very simple and lacking the sophistication that would be true to the TA genre of RTS: build, build, build your swarm, and get the super weapons as fast as you can. Don't worry about the difference between aircraft, bots, and vehicles, cause there's barely a difference, and naval? nah... useless.I'm still happy I spent the cash to support these guys, but please, please, please, fix the bugs, add more units with better specialized uses to spice up strategy, put SOME ATTEMPT at plot or atmosphere into the Galactic War more,  and rebalance the production economy (*COUGH* metal maker!!) a lil bit so I'm not having to mod it to make the game playable.For the price they're charging, I just can't in good conscience recommend this game, but I got it on sale for $5.99, so I can't complain."
76561198057334156,Not Recommended,233250,14045519,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,DwaKilo,"It has been a while since I played RTS. One thing for sure there is no difference between the *nations. The same units and building, just different colours. They managed to balance this out by introducing randomized cards in the game which you discover with every explored planet. In all the game plays wonderfully... so I though until I came across Alpha problem. If you google PA crashes etc you will find what I mean. My main problem is memory utilization. This game goes through my 8GB or RAM like crazy during long battles (more than 2 planets) and when it does it freezes the game - THE END. IThat in itself would not be a problem but you cannot save mid battle. After using all the fixes I could find and wasting a couple hours of my life, doing the same battle over and over again... very annoyed. I'm just glad I didn't pay the full price. IF they work out all the bugs I'll give it 8/10 but due to software issues and crashing I say 0 - as I can't play this game anymore. YES for the game / NO for the contant coding issues... and as I can't play it ""NO"""
76561198066192585,Not Recommended,233250,14097990,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,SneezyAnus,Clearly yet another unfinished game just like the rest of the trash on steam.
76561197976969486,Not Recommended,233250,14139531,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,onecupoftea,"I'm a bit disappointed, still play supreme commander"
76561197988939691,Not Recommended,233250,14141833,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Ed,This game was very disappointing.
76561198021684684,Not Recommended,233250,14167131,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,lele.ferrara,"you can't save your progresses in the single player mode, and if you leave the battle (for example if you have to go to sleep..) you lose the entire campaign..."
76561198009034625,Not Recommended,233250,14112983,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Deceptive Nipple,"DO NOT BUY!Honestly, listen to the negative reviews. The game is FUN but unplayable... there are so many bugs and errors that need to be fixed... the game has so much potential but too many issues. Save your money for something else, you will get so tired of the bugs that you will quit playing..."
,Recommended,233250,13971714,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Thebesj,"All the ""helpful"" reviews are negative. I've looked through most of them, and it seems that what people are complaining most about has been fixed, like singleplayer and several bugs and balance issues. This is why this game is a thumbs up!But a message to Über: please, please fix the random crashes! And quickly!I love that you can, after a crash, re-launch the gam in 15 seconds and rejoin te match in no time, but it would of course be better if this was not necessary in the first place."
76561198040377726,Not Recommended,233250,14495158,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,kyrios,"BAD!    (dont buy it)because:1. mods are extremly complicate... and this take me to number 22. UI cant scale on low resolution screens...and u need a mod to try to zoom it out, with bugs...3. I CANT EVEN PLAY IT...cant connect to any game not even with my friends near my house... this take me to number 44. is this game lag caused by my location? cuz the servers are at NA central? well i can play other games without connection issues i dont know what's going on here.....and yah, if i cant play it... ♥♥♥♥ this...good concept... i like it but i cant taste it..."
76561198053846371,Recommended,233250,12013922,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,georges609,"Great game, enjoyable play...takes time to win. Strong strategy required"
76561198047998131,Recommended,233250,12019014,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Orenria,"Great game, would buy again."
76561197989084563,Recommended,233250,12087521,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Pharithos,"This game has a lot of innovative qualities that make it an impressive entry into the RTS catalogue.  The 3D battlefields are well realized, and add a new twist to an otherwise classic TA style game.   I wish there were more textures in the game, it has a look of being almost colored rather than textured; all of the detail comes from the models themselves.  Also, more unit variety, akin to Supreme Commander 1, FA, and 2 would be amazing, and honestly, is required to bring the game into the 'amazing' category.  Until then, though, it's still fun as hell :)"
76561197975683740,Recommended,233250,12211447,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Jason1982,"This game is the pinacle of RTS evolution. My first RTS was Warcraft 2. Then I played hours of WC1, AOE1-3, Starcraft 1-2, C&C, DoW 1-2. All have had things that made them special but none have come even close to the epic, or should I say Uber, scale of Planetary Annihilation. Not only are you no longer constricted to a diamond map but you can circle the entire planet from pole to pole. The strategy options are almost limitless and tactical decisions can decide a game. Not only does the game cover your basic land and air units but it also includes a full Navy. Where PA really reaches for the sky is the addition of orbital units and mechanics. This allows you to not only conquer the planet but spread your rule over the entire solar system. The systems can be randomly generated or you can create your own custom battle systems. The end game options range from Nukes to crashing planets and even a freaking Death Star. I have played this game since alpha and have watched the developers pour polish on this game until it shined like a neutron star. If you like RTS you need to play this game."
76561198008110407,Recommended,233250,12264470,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Ubuntu Phone,"You should definitley buy this game. Very Fun and playable, but many things are missing. Uber Ent. should have waited a bit longer for an official launch."
76561198040645925,Recommended,233250,12019183,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Alec123000,BEST GAME EVER
76561197970623794,Not Recommended,233250,12021241,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,cotton,"Unable to play game.  Maybe there's a way outside of the game to get it to work.  But if you buy a released game through steam, you should be able to just play it.  Want my money back"
76561198040888513,Not Recommended,233250,12025079,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,whiterooster220,The Orchestra was the only good part about the game. They still has alot of work to do before this game is playable
76561198003125690,Not Recommended,233250,12014007,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,AcidMonkey,"Need to be online at all times, even for single player - a packet lossy connection makes it unplayable. Not even an option to save your game."
,Recommended,233250,12029434,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Xenothen,"As a gamer I felt the dev process was really inclusive and interactive, always was a playable game throughout most of early access, and they have made a fantastic game that truly honours Total Annihilation! The game is as awesome as the trailer looks, I only wish I had more time to play! Must have."
,Recommended,233250,12092533,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,doctorocclusion,"It is just as fun as it looks. I have yet to even blow up a planet and I am still enjoying myself. Just watch an LP first though, or you will be really confused (the tutorial only teaches the controls). I would recommend watching ZaphodX."
,Recommended,233250,12018918,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Gabe Newell Renewal,Takes some getting used to but well worth the price tag imo. A game where good macro management can totally and utterly dwarf micro management.
,Recommended,233250,12028046,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Darkmaster,Altid klar på en fisketur. 11/10-Mørkemester reviews
76561197995832297,Not Recommended,233250,12013715,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,MetalAFK,"There are two major issues with this game that keep me from recommending it in spite of it being a moderately fun time.First, the game requires fairly decent internet to run well, even in single player. The only justification I can find for their need to make me load YouTube videos for the in game cut scenes and intros is them garnering views and that's a impressive new level of lame. In fact lots of stuff about this game is non-local, as I got a friend on satellite internet and another one on DLS and neither of them can even load the game because of it, which is ridiculous.Second, this game is ugly. This one doesn't keep the game from being fun in the short term, but it just looks so damn bland I do infact think I get bored faster because of it. This is compounded by the fact that I can't play with the two people I know who own it, which has made it difficult to inspire me to boot it up. Obvious personal taste reflection here but something to consider never the less."
76561198000809424,Not Recommended,233250,13197443,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Tommeo,Not the finished game they started out making. Global sphere maps aren't good / fun to play on.RTS 1.0 type game play outdated and leaves you wanting for better features.A graphical overhaul of Total Annihilation would have been better than this.
76561197992843554,Not Recommended,233250,12021471,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,What,"i do not recommend at this time, this game is still unstable and is currently unplayable."
,Recommended,233250,12004474,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,GrizzledSteel,You can blow up planets. Nuff Said.
,Not Recommended,233250,12013328,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Clementine,"No tutorial, no explanation, half of the things work. Great demo, that's about it."
,Recommended,233250,12028006,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Lowrater,"8/10!A BIG LIKE after it's finished. It's really good optimized and runs well on three monitors too. It's really interesting and fun. Just like the other supreme games.. Runs smoothly. The only negative so far is: If you're planes is on the ground, i SHOULD be able to shoot the f'cker.. And the 'connection lost to the serves' aint a fun thing. I was not able to play for a very long time before it happen and i dropped the bomb by saying: ""Hell no i'm gonna do this again."", but i hope it's fixed soon enough."
76561198012028811,Not Recommended,233250,12013735,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Junior,"This game is totally bugged. Once again, a developer pushed out a game too early."
,Not Recommended,233250,14492271,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,KN(o)X,"really long games that you often end up loosing because the game is so involved in so many different aspectsthat you have to be so well rounded in everything or you get slaughtered.or your alternative is to blitz the AI and not get a chance to see what the game has in total. so you have a potential chance.good thing the AI has the ability to infest and overide you no matter what you do.really wanted to give a good review. but i would much rather play C&C  or Supreme commander over this game any day.should stop the Dev, and finish something before trying to add more crap."
,Recommended,233250,14578360,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,♫ Frost-Byte ♫,As good as the game is it crashes like a ♥♥♥♥♥. But it still is worth getting if there is a sale.
76561198120654586,Recommended,233250,14791996,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,wifftiffs,"Besides the crashes (probably just because I'm on 32bit) this is a really great game. It got even better when I discovered you could click and drag to build multiple buildings, and now I wreck all my enemies providing the system doesn't crash the game :P"
76561198137848588,Recommended,233250,15753933,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,T.w² | ｂａｍｂｅｅｆ,planetary annihilation is a good game it is unique in its own way...100000/10 would unique again
,Recommended,233250,15770729,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Synchro,"The mechanics in this game.. I love them.Being able to conquer planets and literally obliterate my enemies made me like this game.Recommended for people who are into strategic games, not recommended for stupid people :)"
76561198079193622,Recommended,233250,16527027,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Little Bird,"If you were a fan of Total Annihilation, this game is 100% recommended."
76561197984616674,Recommended,233250,15893346,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,mirraman,"I cannot fully understand the negative reviews. As this is a fun game. yes it still need some work on it but this seems to be getting done. yes it still has a few bugs that cause the game to freeze occasionally  but they are very rare and mainly happened durring the loading of a new level/Planet. yes the game has a steep learning curve and in my opinion needs an easy or easier level for the 'AI'. As they are just a little bit too good if anything at the normal or above levels especially for a learner like me, or perhaps a training mission level. But other than these gripes this is a good enjoyable game with nice graphics and an unusual stile of play that is quite challenging yet ever so satisfying once you get to grips with them. All in all I would recommend this game as fun and worth playing, as long as you remember that this game is a work in progress and as such is being improved. I for one have not reggreted this purchase and hope that others give this game a try as they might just feel the same way too.Ps. note to developers, please make an easier level as it can be a bit off putting being constantly out classed, perhaps a bit more balance. i.e they have all tech but you have only what u find. this is a good game but could be a great game, so please adjust the balance a bit."
76561198031069159,Not Recommended,233250,16088685,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,blouns,"Just a complex mess of navigation on top of a winning, classic premise. Go back to 2D, or at least semi-2D to regain some semblance of playability."
,Not Recommended,233250,17225418,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,RecoJohnson,Make 30 space laser platforms. Click roughly where enemy commander is on other planet. Instantly kill commander after they travel. Watch opponent rage after spending an hour and a half building a base and army.
,Recommended,233250,16288495,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,< K H E >,Awesome game.It had a rough start but the developers are working hard on the game.I totaly recomend this game.
76561198181264498,Recommended,233250,16490987,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ASSassin,i bought it a few weeks ago and have not been disapointed. after reading the dodgy review i dicided to take the gamble and it paid off. i like it alot and havnyt played anything eles scince. i would recomend it.
,Recommended,233250,16699265,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,✟Nene-chan™,"9/10 for Gameplay, 7/10 for Graphics and Animation, 10/10 for being a Unique Game. Love Playing Strategy Games? Played Starcraft 2, Supreme Commander, or another closely-related Games before? Well, Planetary Annihilation provides the very same Strategy Genre Gameplay where you build Units and go to Battles. What is special about Planetary Annihilation is the unique variety of maps. Unlike battles which occur on flat maps in many Strategy Games, those in Planetary Annihilation involves Planets, oh, and there are Orbital (Space) Units too, and you can travel between Planets. The Singleplayer Campaigne has vast contents, and the Multiplayer section allows Planetary Battles between Friends or other Online Players."
,Recommended,233250,15919162,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Willy Wanker,"definitely recommend this game to those who like competetive intence fights against othersit takes some time getting use to this game if you never played RTS like me, but i'm playing usualy with a friend or two which makes this a lot more intencernot for those with weak processorsand there is sooooo much more potential with this game!good job to those in Uber Entertainment"
,Recommended,233250,15975233,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Zac Congo,"Bottom Line:If you like RTS, get this one. It's good, and gets better with every update.+Positives:Enjoying this quite a bit. The mechanics are solid, and path-finding is about 99% there.The graphics are pretty, and the performance is silky smooth on my rig.I really like the 'hard-core' nature of the single-player mode. You die, that's it. The war is over, start another one from scratch. This gives each battle that extra edge.The in-game interface is good. Clean lines and consistent flow make it easy to pick up and use.Camera +Excellent (with Pole Lock ON):Had a bit of trouble with the camera's arbitrary rotation, until I found Pole Lock in the game's Settings.While ON, the camera aligns to North at all times.I now find the camera outstanding. It makes it really easy to orient myself and swapping between planets is quick and easy.Enemy AI (Skirmish) +Good:The Skirmish AI is pretty decent. It fights well and gives a solid challenge on the highest difficulty.I would like an even higher difficulty level, if possible.Enemy AI (Single Player) +Good:The single-player enemy AI is pretty good. It is getting there, for sure. A system with a faction leader gives a pretty good challenge.Some of his subordinates though seem far more laid back. I'll often have an army ready to swarm the planet, only to find a lone enemy commander still casually putting down metal extractors, like so many breadcrumbs.OverallA good RTS. Gets better with every update. Love your work ^_^"
76561198059690097,Recommended,233250,14171514,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,1gamer13,"This is an amazing game with really fun gameplay! The only thins that are wrong with it are the ocasional glich (ranging from minor to game breaking) and that even the lowest difficulty is too hard sometimes. Otherwise, buy it!"
,Not Recommended,233250,13315281,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,HANGMAN,"Might be a fun game, if it ran properly. I wouldn't know."
,Not Recommended,233250,13315547,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,skoraxascended,"this game, I wanted to love itthe thought of intergalatic planet sized conquest sounded too good to be trueit wasthis suckedd- you failed please repeat and try again"
76561198083981664,Recommended,233250,17680590,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Horsticles,Poop_Balls
,Recommended,233250,17785761,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Mr. Biizon,"I have had the game for a while, and i absolutely love it. I have recommended it to my freinds, and each of them love it just as much as i do, but I have been recently experiencing major issues. My game simply crashes upon launching. I cant play it anymore. I have verified the game cache, backed it up on steam cloud, and even deleted it and re-dowloaded it. Nothing seems to work. I run it on Windows 10, and i understand that this may be why, but all of my freinds who also run the game on Windows 10 don't experience anything like this. If anybody knows how to fix this, i will be grateful."
,Recommended,233250,14160980,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,『T♂m』 ˙͜ >˙,Me like game.Me like Planteary Shrekking.7/10 too hard 2 control.
76561198005306949,Recommended,233250,10660790,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Pecorino,Good game with great potential considering its still under-developement.
76561198066916378,Not Recommended,233250,12022154,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Frecles,"Great game with a great concept, if was made by anybody else but uber. The game is terribly optimized and everything is streamed from there servers, and that's ok if you have a monster PC and live in a country with good internet speed (not Australia like myself) . If you have these requirements then buy away. The game is great, balanced fun to play, and amazing with the awesome destuctive units"
,Recommended,233250,12027094,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,SO MUCH RASUR,why cant i play this wothout a ubernet account and now i create one and it says i have no key why did i just buy a game i cant play wtf is this ???
,Recommended,233250,10806995,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,⚡⚡telarCF,Awesome game 10/10 very good strategy.
76561198108359830,Recommended,233250,12019944,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,suprime,awesome game. particually if your a stratagy minded gamer
76561198016823617,Not Recommended,233250,12458059,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ilfar.drachadi,"edit:  Still garbage as of June 2016, and I notice the change to Steam reviews means most of the highly upvoted negative comments don't show on the main page anymore!Waited till it was out of Early Access to buy it, since I'm really not interested in that kind of thing...The game doesn't feel like it's out of the Early Access Program.  Given that this was touted as something of a spiritual successor to the Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander games, the unit spread is rather lacking.  Tooltips on menu items and options seem to be missing.  Unfortunately navigating a globe is clunky, but I can't honestly think of any other way to navigate seamlessly through a solar system.  I kept finding my view rotated round itself so keeping track of attack vectors in and out of my base got rather confusing.  There's a pole lock option that I assume helps with that, but see previous comment on lack of tooltips.I think that Galactic War thing is supposed to be a single player campaign?  Be damned if I could figure it out, moved from planet to planet, got some tech with no resistance, then found an enemy planet and got slaughtered.  Was kind of expecting the campaign to lead me in with an optional tutorial planet.  Speaking of, that Tutorial button on the menu doesn't do anything.Definitely a game I'd have asked for a refund on if it was an option, I'll dump it in the ""Meh"" folder and come back to it in a few years, see if it's gone anywhere.  If you want a good RTS, go the original Supreme Commander.I suspect the whole EAP thing has meant you've got players so used to the things I've mentioned that they're not seen as issues, or that those who do complain have had that whole ""It's EAP, it'll get better, stop complaining"" thing.  In my personal opinion Early Access is the worst way to design a game, full stop."
76561198068251415,Recommended,233250,12354530,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,WhaleApprentice,"I like this game, it needs some work about the ai but its really fun to try and strategize against your oppoenent.Get it while its still 50% off!"
76561198041535472,Recommended,233250,16493551,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,I cant believe Im not better,Deffinately worth it for the sale price i got it at
76561198057067492,Recommended,233250,16375499,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,honshufox,the best game ♥♥♥♥ing ever
76561198007253228,Recommended,233250,12027938,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,thaLion,"A totally supreme RTS. Hundreds of laser tanks, nukes, death stars ...  recommended for anyone with even the slightest inclination towards mayhem."
,Recommended,233250,12033989,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Destroyer Of Worlds,"Very good game, the entire thing is based upon how fast you can build up your economy and then use it to produce weapons which is a good and new take on a strategy game, apart from several bugs which can be fixed ingame by reconnecting its a great game. 8/10"
,Recommended,233250,13196573,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,SpackHead,"Dank. Can build deathstar. 420/10, weed, weed, weed....."
76561198050768881,Not Recommended,233250,12027062,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,turist,"only name of game near the original, design and contol terrible ... hangs sometimes ...do not buy !"
,Recommended,233250,12211267,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Lachlan,"Planetary Annihilation certainly seems to have received some mixed reviews. It is certainly true that the game is not yet 100% polished, but is definitely playable and I have not yet encountered any bugs. As someone who played Total Annihilation as a child I have not been able to find another game that 'feels' the same way TA did. The Supreme Commander games played at a slower pace and a larger scale. Most other games I played were dependent on resources and much faster paced. The planets in PA give a series of maps that are reminiscent of TA and the units from TA have been refined. Resource management is still important but the game allows you to get more units built more quickly than TA, and isn't as punishing when the economy stalls. Stalling is most likely to occur when first building units of a higher tech level and consequently it can be predicted with experience and negated. It is true that there is only one faction, however in my experience of multiplayer TA everyone played as ARM 99% of the time anyway (there are still occasionally games to join on gameranger...but be warned, those people are very, very good by now!). There are fewer units than in TA, but consequently also fewer useless units. A two player game with two planets could potentially end in a stalemate if neither side attack quickly enough, however I think this game will shine most when there are more planets than players (or multiple players per planet). Keeping track of everything is the biggest difficulty but there are keyboard shortcuts to reorient the camera to locations of your choosing. The terrain is not as three-dimensional and functional as TA but still serves the purpose of creating choke points/changing attack angles on a base etc. The spherical design of the maps prevents players from hiding in a corner, which makes flanking a far more viable strategic option. The soundtrack is exceptional. My only gripe is that when huge numbers of units are involved the time-scale is reduced, but this was not really a surprise. I would see most of the changes as refinements of Total Annihilation's design (area of effect building/transporting/patrolling etc, fewer, more focused units, less emphasis on actions-per-minute). PA has certainly received mixed reviews, but if you enjoyed TA back in the day I really think you can't go too far wrong. I think most of the negativity comes from either people who have not experienced this type of RTS before, those who were/are hardcore TA or Supreme Commander players who are upset that a design choice/feature is different from their favourite game, those who aren't happy with it currently being online-only, and those who say it should still have a 'beta' tag. All of which may be valid reasons. However, for me, it's a long-awaited return to a multiplayer RTS of this style, which works easily online and has a population to play with. I also recommend checking out Rock Paper Shotgun's review if you are on the fence about this one."
,Recommended,233250,16697890,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Nimble Navigator,"This game has come a long way since its initial release.  Unfortunately it has a lot of negative reviews from having a poor launch and excessive cost around that time.  Planetary Annihilation is the most fun I've had with an RTS is quite some time and highly recommend it to anyone if you're either new to the series, or a long time fan of Total Annihilation and the Supreme Commanders.PROS+ Great Unique Atmosphere for an RTS+ Neat Graphic Style+ Thousands of Units Fighting in One Game+ Pretty Balanced, there Usually is Always a Counter+ Great Multiplayer+ Fun Singleplayer Galactic War Campaign (Similar to Galactic Conquest from Battlefront 2)+ Solid AI+ DESTROY PLANETZ WITH OTHER PLANETS+ DESTROY PLANETZ WITH DEATH STARCONS- Lack of Unique Units for Various Commanders- Interplanetary Combat Could be More Fleshed Out- Lack of Solid Tutorial (My Dad plays this with me and after 20 hours still doesnt know how to expand properly)Overall this game is great and hella fun especially if playing with friends.  Dont let the mixed reviews scare you, most negative reviews are atleast a year old and I believe a lot of minds would be changed if they revisited the game in its current state.Score: 9/10EDIT: I also see a lot of people complaining about AI difficulty...the only freaking way to make Easy AI any easier would be for them to literally not build a single unit.  People with less than an hour of gameplay complaining about AI makes me laugh.  You just suck and didn't take the time to learn how to play."
,Not Recommended,233250,12026567,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,biscuit,Not finished.
,Recommended,233250,13951311,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,AwsomeInventor,"I love how people attemtpt to compaire this game to others with more funding behind them, first of all this game is amazing. the concept is solid. and multiplayer is ok. but in any other RTS game can you form your own star system to deal multiplanetary combat on? No right? how about ramming another planet into another? No right? people nit pick the little stuff about this game too much. granted it was in early access for a bit and i think it should still be in gamma stage to keep saying its developing. the units in this game are great. they are all different and have thier own unique kit to them. now read here. the point of the world its to experiment with what is different and new, not the same rehashed♥♥♥♥♥♥in every game. look at this game. you cant find the same exact game anywhere else. think about it. this developer went above and beyond the standard RTS game and pushed for something new and exciting. granted it needs some work but it is still good. Planetary Anhiliation is one of the games that will define a new era in RTS games. I Strongly reccomend that you pick up this game. GLHF"
,Recommended,233250,14091353,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Nigward,"This is one my favorite games yet! The Idea of large scale battles, planet smashing, deathstars, laser platforms and giant planet explosions  is just amazing! I would recommend this game too others because of how incredibly fun it is and user friendly :)"
,Recommended,233250,17972056,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Nanozec,"Amazing game, great gameplay and stuf... idk, i just love this game so much."
76561198036999379,Not Recommended,233250,17960803,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Drago,if people like to pay for a half a game then be charged for the other half 2 years down the line plz buy this game... this companey has officaly ruined there name for what they have done they are a patheic bunch of♥♥♥♥♥holes that il never supoort them again steam rally needs to protect its client basee from♥♥♥♥♥holes like this ..all thoes who or against this bs of we need to spend more money plz click herehttps://www.change.org/p/uber-entertainment-planetary-annihilation-titans-stop-making-us-pay-for-what-we-already-paid-for
,Not Recommended,233250,17963420,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Gucc1_M3me,"Don't buy this game, it's an unfinished version of Planetary Annihilation: Titans."
76561197997075052,Recommended,233250,17969410,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,h00j,"This game/company has received a lot of flak for the kickstarter campaign and deliverables of the campaign, and that argument has been well jusitified.  But over the course of development this game has continually improved in graphics performance and gameplay.  I am dissappointed in the release of PA:Titans and wished that was DLC instead of a separate game, however they do offere a discount for existing owners of PA.  The single player could be more story/objectives driven rather than go out and blow stuff up and kill the commander, but based on other reviews it seemed that single player was an after thought.  Overall continued work on the game steadily improves it all around and its gets more enjoyable with every release.  As a programmer I can appreciate the hard work put into the game (their engineers pretty much wrote the book on AI pathing systems ""Game AI Pro"") and will look forward to other titles that this company/developers/artists/etc will produce in the future."
76561198087032633,Not Recommended,233250,17960736,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Lord Drethin,"Well i see the game just updated ( HotFix 87296 ), still seem to jippin us out of titans. How lovely."
,Not Recommended,233250,17961553,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Skeeeee,Thanks for making me a buy a game you planned to never finish.
,Not Recommended,233250,17962965,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Codeman-7-,"Uber charged 80$ for an unfinished game (yes, I remember.. when it was released it was 80$) then 25$ for the ""digital Deluxe add-on"" and now 40$ for a more complete version of the Same Game. 1: I personally didn't find this game as enjoyable as it was promised to be, and 2: I'm going to wait for titans to be free for existing owners of PA1 (or severely discounted) before I even dare to throw more money at this game."
,Not Recommended,233250,15756559,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,playerone,TA is better than this.  The rotating panet view was a bad call and does not work.
,Not Recommended,233250,13929066,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Benyano,"What was once a great game with the promise for more, turns to be a feeble half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥excuse for a game. The graphics arent to great, space is lifeless and you cant use for anything. All ive wanted is the ability to have actual space combat with frigates, corvettes, carriers, fighters, and bombers, but instead i get nothing in space. The planets are lifelessly flat, commanders are identical, i used to love this game, now its shabby."
,Not Recommended,233250,13936248,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,[vrp] vil,"Start the game, it goes fullscreen and I no longer have a mouse cursor. This means I have to play window, I can deal with that fine though. I then start a single player AI Skirmish game and it crashes. Give me my money back."
,Not Recommended,233250,13926547,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,kblackcn,"price fall too fast, really, toooooooooo fast"
76561198025012341,Not Recommended,233250,13934003,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Boomon,This isn't a strategy game it's a who can build more things quickly game
76561198007001156,Not Recommended,233250,13937999,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Twilight Sparkle,Non optimized piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥..
76561198040406382,Not Recommended,233250,13925363,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Metrophage,"It's a terrific concept for a game and it's very well executed. I really wanted to love this but unfortunately it fails to deliver as an entertaining RTS.  A few minutes into the single player capaign I ran into a theme that repeated itself for the next few hours until I gave up on it.  In a word, that theme is 'Stalemate'.The fun, tiny planets allow for rapid and potent defense against enemies establishing a beachhead to launch an attack from and time after time you will watch your carefully planned assault get mopped up in under 30 seconds.  This problem of being impotent to touch the AI is compounded by the decision to limit the tech tree early on.  Guides will recommend a strategy involving units you simply can't produce and once they are available your problems are shifted to yet another stalemate.I still have hopes that Planetary Annihilation will deliver the fun promised by such an excellent RTS concept.  The frustration factor for example could be fixed by unbalancing the game, opening up the tech tree and introducing a few 'eliete' units to throw a wrench in how easy and static the defense strategy is.5.5/10 Planet busting dissapoitment."
76561198104809258,Recommended,233250,17770439,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,A Jolly Wanker,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is way to awesome for words...
76561198069797104,Not Recommended,233250,15838069,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,NoUseWhatsoever,"Wow, Jesus. I've tried getting into this game, but it's so difficult. there's no tutorial and the first mission I did I was just annihalated because I had no idea what I was doing and the AI attacked me so quickly. I tried a skirmish on the easiest difficulty but ut was the same thing. I just don't understand it and there's no way to ease into from what I've seen so far. I was hoping for a nice C7C style with a planetary element, but it turned out to be a waste of my time. I suppose it's not a bad game, but it's not a finished game (save and load is in beta; seriously!?) and it's just not for me."
76561198130300763,Recommended,233250,10670820,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Erex,"hands down, best rts out there"
,Not Recommended,233250,13937128,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,nisd,dont do it
,Recommended,233250,10201845,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Lord Sloth,You can actualy annihilate planets 10/10 GG
76561198061156519,Recommended,233250,16731438,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Kawscheck,This game is amazing. Thats all there is to say about it. The amount of possibilities when it comes to fighting against AI or other players keeps you engaged for up to at least 3 hours. AMAZING
76561198006840208,Recommended,233250,16731425,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,FSJKRZ,"this is an epic rts, build your own solar systems to conquor, land, sea, air units and a boss commander. check it out, got it for a steal, also has FREE MODS AND OFFLINE  playability over LAN! so great! fun stuff, but a lot to take in at first, some videos on utoob A MUST! one in paticular, was titled ""25 things you didnt know about PA"" by far something to bookmark if you choose to purchase such an awesome game! great stuff! 4.7/5 stars."
,Recommended,233250,16718453,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Chris,"Love the art style, can make some epic battles along with the amazing sound track."
,Recommended,233250,16817498,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Chinesebagelkid,GREAT GAME MAKES ME WANT TO ♥♥♥♥ EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY    TTTTTTTTHHHHHHHHHHHHIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
76561198085632577,Recommended,233250,13533059,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Joey6937,yes.
,Recommended,233250,15992489,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,S.A.M,Positives- Art Style-Vastness of game-Destroying planetsNegatives-Game Stability (Multiplayer and Performance)-Unit balancingVerdict: 6/10 Recommended if discounted.
76561197981895429,Not Recommended,233250,10585027,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,WhiteFang,Very very very buggy. Not really much point playing and not much fun as it stands.
76561197993175362,Not Recommended,233250,10623352,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ForgeableSum,"Total♥♥♥♥♥♥ Played for 10 minutes and realized, what the ♥♥♥♥ is the point? It's extremely laggy despite my monster setup. The units are basically polygons. The UI is awkward.  If you're expecting something like an amplified version of the original TA, forget it. This is what passes off for RTS these days? Back to Starcraft 2."
76561198059104170,Recommended,233250,10680390,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Bob Dole,Hard as Hell but Fun as hell
,Recommended,233250,9324688,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,dARkStArs,EPIC incarnet
,Recommended,233250,9537220,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,PrinceLuLu,coo gam
76561197971281069,Not Recommended,233250,9866606,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Malcolm Reynolds,"Waited a few months, tried again.  Still utter♥♥♥♥♥♥  Give me a refund."
76561198031874229,Not Recommended,233250,9874400,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Terri Schiavo,"maybe im a snob but its been a dull buggy incoherent mess and i wish i wouldve waited for it to debut as a final product before commiting my disk space to it. there is little ever compelling me to explore other planets, expand my base or even stay conscious during a match."
,Recommended,233250,10566864,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Connor,This game is epic on a galactic scale! It has a long way to go which is amazing because it is already fun to play. The pathing needs some work but with updates coming all the time I'm sure they will figure it out. 8/10
76561198060035513,Recommended,233250,8926107,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Husky,Fantastic game! Highly recommend
,Recommended,233250,8931565,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Tegiminis,wow! planets! these are cool!
76561198064203985,Recommended,233250,10582684,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,The Awesome GamePlan,Its a game
,Recommended,233250,10623895,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,"yello,mellow,MARSHMELLOW",this game is goooooooooooooooooooooooood
76561198031626929,Recommended,233250,10625716,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,lanky,this game is absolutly beautifull. the lighting and particles look absolutly amazing. one of the better rts out there !
,Not Recommended,233250,10668272,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,James,"Forces a login to even get anywhere near playing, yet hasn't got the basic login system to work yet. Brilliantly bad."
,Recommended,233250,10675765,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,overpricedgorilla[HT],"This game is fantastic. I'm not normally an RTS player but this has managed to keep me engrossed. Planatary Annihilation's seemless scalability and layers make its simplistic design a surprising challenge, one I was a bit intimidated by at first. Fortunately, the UI is smooth and simple, with complex chains of commands being broken down to a simple hold-and-click style that is very intuitive.The Single Player missions (Galactic War) are a fun challenge. Limiting the player in tech at first, the game forces you to be flexible and adapt to what is at hand. As you progress, you unlock new techknowledgies, and are ultimately forced to choose between them. The end result is a better rounded, more capable player.I also like the embedded streaming functionality. I've only dabbled in streaming, but having it integrated into the program makes it that much easier. It also fosters a wonderful, thriving community that shares it's exploits and encounters. Having hundreds of community tutorials really helps the new player get started, and even the most season RTS vet will find fresh perspective.I have not played any multiplayer, since I still feel like I'm coming up the learning curve. I will update as my thoughts change on any subject.This is definitely a game I'll be playing for awhile, and I look forward to seeing you out there!"
,Not Recommended,233250,10683308,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,"Irvine ""Danger"" Riker",The first time this game has ever been affordable and it doesn't even work.
76561198087623731,Not Recommended,233250,11169838,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Mary Poppins,You know i really REALLY wish i could recomend this. I really do im not joking. But you can have the perfect game with everything. But what keeps people away is the constant freezing constant disconnects and things like that. How many of you out there would want the perfect game but froze every five seconds? Almost nobody. I first started playing this game and got so excited and happy to play it. Then it froze. I thought well that may be rare. Nope just keep getting worse and worse. Disconnects from the game or server or anything really. So you know that 40 minute long game that you almost won. Who cares. The game itself though great i love it. Good idea great game play most people are friendly. But you know i've put the game down and will not play it until these constant crashes disconnects and long game freezes are fixed.
,Not Recommended,233250,10555494,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,THE GREAT POLLINATOR OF JASMINSS,i cant launch this game sucks!!!!!
76561198006528509,Recommended,233250,10620992,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,nuke_235,Tommy like winngy
76561198025917434,Recommended,233250,10623443,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Lord Plutonium,Like it Very much. good game
,Recommended,233250,10640436,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Rare Magical Pepe,A spectacular game worthy of sucedding total annaihilation
,Recommended,233250,10644645,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Jantu,excellent mechanics and an amazing sequel to total annihilation
,Recommended,233250,10645986,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Fatty McChugs,"In it's current state the game is difficult to appreciate. Awkward camera controls, lag generated by it's online singleplayer mode, and a slew of bugs ranging from small freezes and units getting hung up on buildings to game crashes and failures to start battles.The current menu is overcrowded with youtube videos from the developers in place of actual tutorials, such youtube videos also take the place of cinematics or introductions.The game requires you make an account to play it singleplayerThe AI is difficult to peg down as it ranges from highly adept at the game to very dumb. A game can easily come down to finding a way to exploit the AI's inabbility to cover a certain area or attack construction units.Overall this game has a great deal of potential and for all the times it worked properly it was really good. I'd recommend it and I hope they continue to develop."
76561197997575290,Not Recommended,233250,10953340,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,cmmd,Big fan of the genre and the Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance. Planetary Annihilation is far from enjoyable. I'll give it a year or two to finish.
76561197970863642,Not Recommended,233250,10960054,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Bob Schlongdong,"completely unfinished, suffer at your own risk"
,Recommended,233250,11471544,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Muhammad Al bin kebab,"bibe outa bibe, purty good"
,Recommended,233250,15905661,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Avernus,Hitler approved
76561198001331262,Not Recommended,233250,13185444,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,[ArcCos] WireDaemon,"Not the fact that this game has its flaws, that the mechanics dont play out well, that some of the best content is pretty unreachable in a normal game, that there are performace issues all over the board,no,the fact, that we were promised features that would be there at release date, that were not in it when it released, make me give a non-recommendation.This game is not what it promises to be.This, may not be important to people specifically looking for this game, but for considering other games of Uber in the future.So you don't care, and want to know if this is any good?Yes, it is a nice concept. No it is not implemented well.The game runs on their servers and you just send the commands and render everything on your machine at home. If you have issues with a slow internet connection, or a lot of latency do not buy!They added offline-play in a past release patch, but you basically have to run your own server. Go on and read the specs for that. I doubt that this is a serious option for most people.Otherwise I can only refer to the points I pointed out in the beginning. We were promised a polished game, with a ""when its done""-policy and did not even get all the features, plus bugs and performance issues that in itself dont have anything to do with the game but are an annoyance that should not exist."
76561198038129234,Not Recommended,233250,13185909,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,clamcg,This game is impossibly hard when you are first starting out. No tutorial and no tips on how to play.
,Not Recommended,233250,17047252,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,thorvindr,"Opening video can't even run properly, can't see the mouse cursor on the main menu and there's (apparently) no 64-bit version. The game hogs so much memory and CPU that the pre-rendered video before you get to the menu can't even play. I bet this is a really cool game but based on that experience alone, no f-ing way.Okay, I'm very confused. The game REQUIRES a 64-bit environment, but all of its threads are 32-bit (EDIT: 7 of its 8 threads are 32-bit; all of the UI threads (which appear to be what I'm having problems with). WTF is that? And 8 f-ing gigabytes of RAM to run SINGLE PLAYER?! Are you for real? I understand this is a big game that keeps track of a lot of units all at the same time but so does AI War and it doesn't need 8 GIGABYTES TO PLAY OFFLINE."
76561198064964049,Not Recommended,233250,15847162,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,AoiKitsune,"#&^%$ this game! (The horribly unbalanced Galactic War part of it that is) I had a planet and a moon to his one moon, MUCH higher production, and ANTI ORBITAL & umbrella defenses everywhere. Yet I can't shoot down nukes!! I was just about to send several ships carrying military grade armored builders to set up a gate on his planet, and send in my troops, when he started launching multiple nukes! (I was frantically trying to select my commander and move him before impact... I failed.)http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=443381724Edit: Later upon reading forum posts regarding nukes, I found out that Advanced Fabbers can construct Nuke and Anti-Nuke Launchers. Would have loved to know that via a tutorial this game is missing.and needing Tech Cards in GW is interesting, but flawed. The ones I don't take, because I didn't have room, just disappear, you can't go back and get them when you get an extra databank."
76561198040973229,Not Recommended,233250,12101788,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,mattblom42,Here is a game that everytime i try to play it stalls out.
76561197989226080,Not Recommended,233250,13594752,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ryleblan,I dont like this game.  The whole idea is bad.  i dont like the 3d planets its very disorienting trying to navigate around and trying to remember where your units are or bases are.  Id much rather flat maps.  Its a good idea but ultimately i think it doesnt work.
76561198105173122,Recommended,233250,13619376,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,The One True Hyper Atom,I bought this for £4.59. I got to launch a moon into a planet.10/10
76561198006933437,Recommended,233250,12101211,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,backbone,the game is awsome
76561197991462269,Recommended,233250,13878812,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,j_s_macklin,"what can i say? if you are into RTS, you NEED this game.multiplayer. my god. so intense."
,Not Recommended,233250,13777641,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Overlord,"I personally enjoy this game, however there are problems with it. For instance, the texture for one of the advanced ships is glitched, and the AI can sometimes get stuck and do almost nothing throughout the game. Galactic War is a great addition to this game, but it lacks the substance of a true campaign, all you begin on is a computer giving simple instructions and boom, your in. This game has great potential, and many who have already bought this see that too, but it's unfinished in it's present state and needs more time. Uber Entertainment is well known for Supreme Commander, which was a good RTS, and this can be too, but if you want it, wait until it's on sale for 6 bucks, because it needs to be finished and cleaned up."
76561198038443305,Recommended,233250,13900204,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Death Destroyer of Worlds,good game not perfect but good if you want it get while its cheap like right now for instance
76561198072879215,Not Recommended,233250,13610240,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Tony Abbott,"Missed opportunity, no soul and feels gross to play."
,Not Recommended,233250,13594132,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Morph,"Finished? Yeah, my middle toe."
,Not Recommended,233250,13755572,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Macaroni Smiles,what a cool guy simulator
76561198035546161,Recommended,233250,13792584,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Batman,BOOM GOES THE PLANET !! GET IT NOT MANY PEOPLE PLAY THIS ON MY FRIENDS LIST
,Recommended,233250,13876149,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Mr Bones,"Honestly if you like a good simple strategy game you'll be served.There's a pretty big scale of battles with entire planets as weapons ,which is always fun to watch happen.Pretty sure orchestral music fans will enjoy the soundtrack."
,Recommended,233250,13899081,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Mr.Yasus,"Awesome game! One of the bests RTS game i've ever played. The game hasn't crashed or failed to me yet as many people people say.  If you're interested in this kind of games don't think it twice, it's really woth!"
,Recommended,233250,13900259,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,BigAntoni,It's a very nice space strategy game to play with your friends or alone :D but don't buy it for full price!!!
76561198009322709,Recommended,233250,13900658,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,AaronTerell,Sweet game. Nice to play if you have some spare time. not recomended for longer periods. The controls are quite stiff.
,Not Recommended,233250,13627602,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,costco,"Thid game iss soo bad, laggy, hard, complecated, stupid ,glitchy, buggy, boring, and more!first I had to make an account to some unknown website just to PLAY.the sign up wasnt working in the game so i had to go to the website on google chrome to make an acont to sign in. then the game just threw me in without instructions and i just sat around frustrated. angy.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ i wasted 6 buck of money to play this piese of schitt game.IMPORTANT: DONT EVEN THINK ABOUT BUYING IF YOU HAVE AN ALL-IN-ONE COMPUTER!-99999999999/10"
,Recommended,233250,9371354,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Yolo Ghost,all i have to say is that it combins suprem commander and total aniolation really really well and one more thing u can use meteors a weapons of MASS DESTRUCTION oh and there is a death star YES A DEATH STAR blows up planets and every thing if u dont want this u crazy
,Recommended,233250,13080754,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Mostly Harmless,"Re-Review: 11/25/2014 (Official launch)After 80+ hours and playing since early beta, I CAN recommend this gameThis game is one of my favorite RTS, I don't play many but this has to be my top RTS. This will be going through the pros and consAbout the game:This game is a classic RTS that features 3 layers of combat: Ground, Air, Orbital. The tech tree is mildly shallow but has kick♥♥♥♥♥end game weapons to kill your opponents (For example building a giant engine on a moon and ram the moon into your opponents!)  The systems have extensive customization and the community has made some really fun maps.Pros:- Amazing Graphics and very beautiful effects (Collision effects etc.)- Very good engine (For example planets that are in each others orbits will eventually crash)- Easy to pick up gameplay, with a shallow learning curve- Opportunity to play out games in many ways (replay ability)- Decent AI,- Great mod support- Balanced game (Some outliers of these but anything that is consider good has an obvious counter.)Cons:- Memory ♥♥♥♥♥ (my 2k 4 yr. old rig can crash sometimes)- Developers are not the most active on forums and patches rarely come out.- Limited units and tech (incoming DLC with more tech???)- Small community (finding games can sometimes be hard (weekends and evening have at least 3-5 games in lobby to join)- Unit spam (some low cost units can be made very fast that can win early)- Defenses seem week ATM (better to defend your base with an army)- Late game it becomes near impossible to invade a players planet (A lot of turtling)Overall I still think this game is worth $30 and the developers do see the flaws and probably will be releasing a needed patch for performance and more units/tech. I think that the more the game is bought and played the better the community will become and more mods will be produced to keep gameplay fresh.Side Note: I bought this game during beta (costed $60) and I am frugal as hell, I still to this day not regret this game. I never thought this game would ever be $30, I would put this game on your wishlist if not buy it."
,Not Recommended,233250,13976318,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,kwiksilver344,"Screw this game, even call of duty puts out expansions and people buy them. this game just makes a new one that should be an expansion. Thats ♥♥♥♥ing worse than people buying COD each year after they sell the same trash over and over. These guys again, put in a tiny addon and sell it full price. ♥♥♥♥ this game. Valve really needs a content filter so people cant rip off their customers."
,Recommended,233250,12102331,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Ｆｉｄｄｌｙ,So far its not good. I am in a battle I can not escape and if I engage in the battle the game crashes. As soon as they fix the bug I would be complety content with this but so far its unplayable. I recomend this when its fixed.
,Recommended,233250,7851429,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Datguyjesus,"Great Beta, can't wait for the full version."
,Recommended,233250,7873245,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Cuthbert_o,AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,233250,7881491,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,TheGinger,"This may be the most ambitious rts game I have ever played. I am someone who loved the original supreme commander's scope and beauty, and was a little dissapointed by how supcom 2 streamlined, shrinked, and dlc'd everything. For people who are die hard fans of the games these devs have made, getting into the game now will be fun and mostly enjoyable. Others will probably be better off waiting for the finished bug free feature complete version however; there are definitely bugs and balancing issues, some graphics and ui problems etc. Making a game is hard work. The people at Uber have proven themselves to be hard workers though, and i am genuinely excited to see this game grow into an amazing and precedent setting rts."
,Recommended,233250,7887703,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Vizual Worlock,"It offers the core features that both Supreme Commander and Total Annihilation have. For fans of both those games you are in for a treat playing this. Despite being in beta and having it's issues what you get is perfect, and personally I believe it's one of the best RTS's I've played in ages. I'd recommend buying this game just because it really offers everything you want on a massive scale."
76561197980436152,Recommended,233250,7895589,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Yurcick,"Supreme Commander, prolonged into the space. Probably requiring 1000 APM to play properly, but impressing with its possibilities."
76561197975710565,Recommended,233250,7899397,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Strangemaister,"A game with great potential when all the bugs are removed of course.It´s a bit similar to Supreme Commander in the way it is played, which makes it a game I can play for hours when it´s out of beta. Yay :)"
,Recommended,233250,7906890,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Zambiki,Awesome! I can't wait until its finished.Can't wait to see unit cannon and inter-planetary weapons
76561197987542733,Not Recommended,233250,13621885,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,-E-,"This game is dumb as f***  DO NOT BUY. What's dumb about it? No story, controls aren't fluid and buggy as hell... it's a kindergarten version of supreme commander. Do  yourself a favor and save the $6 bucks... go buy supreme commander series instead."
,Recommended,233250,13897963,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,7Unholyvirtues,Crashing moon to other planets destroying system with what seems to be the death star GG love the game
,Recommended,233250,7563026,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Graphite,Absolutely Amazing. Five of Five stars
,Recommended,233250,7906460,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Donald Creepr,"This a very fun RTS game, combat is constant from the second it starts. If you don't make your amry vast and powerful, you will be annihalted. If you played and liked Supreme Commander then you'll love this game. I highly recommend you buy this game, even in early access."
,Recommended,233250,7867818,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,[SoDu] SentinelX,"Very good clone/adaptation of the original TA! The planetsmashing and fully customizable systems make the game always a different experience! Don't let the word Beta fool you: while it still has some issues as a Work-In-Progress game, it's already pretty stable, and has a lot of features implemented that will be found in the official release!!!8/10 so far!"
76561198058226403,Not Recommended,233250,13556422,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Ymir,"Im going to keep this simple.This is an alpha state game that they claimed was ""finished"" so they could move on to another game (which already failed on kickstarter).GFX are terribleAI is terribleMusic is terribleHalf the animations are still missing... thats right thier not even there altough they dubbed the game ""finished""A lot of the stuff that was seen in the original trailer isnt even in the game.Honestly I think Uber Entertainment just ran a scam and commited fraud (taking money with an agreement to make something they didnt actully make/finish).In short never buy this game or any game from Uber entertainment."
76561198006362598,Not Recommended,233250,13966847,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,tdpitt2006,"Good graphics (if your rig can run them), lousy AI, terrible execution of a great idea.A full price game sold for $5.99 in the Holiday Sale. Why? Because it's unfinished. Us suckers that paid full price watched it sell at that $6 pricetag and you know what? We felt like we were duped. Save your money, buy a QUALITY game.Just another reason ""Early Access"" means ""Screwjob"" here on Steam."
76561198021652296,Not Recommended,233250,13967275,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Dashotosho,"TLDR: If you liked Supreme Commander 1 you'll enjoy this for a while at least, only get it if you can get it on sale or love to PVP.  This game needs a lot of work, especially in the options department.Pros:+ Decent graphics.+ Fun toys.+ A lot of different commander models to choose from.+ Multi-color combos to choose if you want.+ Some good strategy elements to keep you on your toes.Cons:- Orbital units make for a new dimension to an RTS but honestly I would turn all of them but the transport and radar off if I could because it's just one more thing to keep track of.- No way to turn off nukes and such.- There comes a point where it's just a unit spam instead of strategy.- Computer almost always out techs you in Galactic War and there's nothing you can do about it.- Should be an easier setting than ""normal"" for GW so you can unlock things.- No way to save/load, especially bad in Galactic War if you happen to screw up.- ""Bots"" and ""Vehicles"" should be merged into ""Land"" and possibly trimmed unit wise.- Commander quickly becomes rather useless because it can only build basic buildings.- The ""new"" things (death star ect) in this game aren't really practical in in my experience.- No unit diversity between factions, none.  Why are there different factions exactly?- Getting Naval tech in Galactic War is just silly since 9 of 10 planets have no water.- Anti orbital defense is a tad over powered.- Horrible horrible graphics glitch has happened to me several times.For those of you who are familiar with the game it's a lot like Supreme Commander 1 except there's a whole new element to it and that's Orbital(space, more or less).  Land units are split between ""bots"" and ""vehicles""(..why?)and then there's air and naval.  There's only two levels of tech vs Supreme Commander 1's three levels but that's fine.  The way you reach new levels of tech is by, for instance, building a basic bot fabricator from a basic bot factory and using the fabricator to build an advanced bot factory and then making advanced bot fabricators and units.  Each tree is built up in the same way with their own basic and advanced factories/fabricators with the exception of orbital which is slightly different since there's no advanced builder.  Any of the advanced fabricators can build tech 2 buildings.The problem lies in the fact that there's no options to turn off things like nukes (super weapons) and what not like there is in Supreme Commander 2 or almost every other RTS.  Sure you can built anti nukes but the computer will just spam nuke you anyway and there's just no hope.  I've played several ""Glactic War""s and I can't EVER beat the faction leaders because there's 2-3 enemies to go against and they get a huge head start on you and I just can't fend them all off and build enough anti nukes at the same time and it's very depressing to lose sometimes hours of progress because the odds are always ridiculously stacked against you and there's no way to save. (there's a ""save and exit"" which acts like a ""quick save"" and wipes when you load it up) Maybe I'm just bad but really being able to turn off nukes at the very least should be an option.  The other problem with Galactic War is until you finish off another faction leader and unlock more options (I guess is how you do it) you're stuck with the ""basic vehicles"" commander that just really sucks and unless you get really lucky finding awesome tech on the few empty worlds at the start you are just screwed.  Not to mention I've only found air tech once and the enemies ALWAYS have it.  They usually get a lot of other tech you don't have as well which again makes the odds ridiculously stacked against you.  It's like fighting a tank with a nerf gun sometimes.There's some fun toys that you may or may not ever be able to use like the *cough* ""death star"" and stuffing jets on an asteroid and crashing it into the planet, neither of which I've had the chance to use in my time playing. (almost 16 hours so far)And on a final note the graphics glitch I've run into several times which is especially bad when there's no way to save in the middle of a battle and reload to fix it.  The glitch makes the entire screen and map and everything a flat texture that looks like a Playstation 1 puked all over the screen, it makes it extremely hard to tell what your units are doing since the only thing you can see is the basic unit icons, which you better have memorized if this happens.  Now sure this may be a software conflict for me specifically but I've had no problems like this ever with any other games."
76561198163278009,Not Recommended,233250,13629082,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,jpmassey,"Completely unplayable. Half the time it crashes, and the other half a memory leak fills up 16 GB of ram until it runs too slowly to play.Not to mention that the best multiplayer strategy is to build 100 vehicle factories and spam tanks. Good attempt at a TA clone, but fails terribly.I paid $30 for it..."
76561198042001920,Not Recommended,233250,15807472,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Dragoon_103,Games just bad.... Pathfinding is horible for your units.
76561198007277462,Not Recommended,233250,14102368,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,jumper,"I'm glad that I didn't bougth this game when it just came out, so I didn't spend much money on it.  The concept is wonderful but the're somethings that doesn't bring up a good gameplay.  Also when you are destroyed you must start al over again from the beginning."
76561198012635726,Not Recommended,233250,13960266,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,umblikal,Had my hopes up for this game but seems like idiotic to try to play in sphere maps. Also landing units to other planet one by one where enemy had 60 tanks is another thing.
,Not Recommended,233250,14962117,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,AmositeMilitia,"I have played this game for 106 minutes and yet never actually played it. It never gets past the game settings, as soon as I press the button to begin I am met with a black screen which never progresses. I have deleted and reinstalled around 4 times to no avail. My PC is well within the recommended specification parameters, alas I fear I will never get to play this game that everyone else seems to enjoy. The menu is pretty I suppose..."
76561197994846935,Not Recommended,233250,12089820,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,scarletharlequin,Getting a poor deal from the advance purchase
,Not Recommended,233250,12237355,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,hubba,Sloppy unfinished♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197998981554,Not Recommended,233250,16512230,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Valis,Steam didn't offer refunds when I bought this smoking pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥  Can I get a refund now?
76561198019152644,Recommended,233250,13944487,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,FuRious256,"The visuals are simplistic but very pleasing. The gameplay is engaging and fun. If you love RTS and you love space scifi, this is a game for you. There are many levels of strategy to follow in this game, from ground warefare to air superiority and orbital dominance, each playing a pivital part in conquering your adversary. It's pretty awesome when you can take a small planet and smash it into your enemies across the solar system."
,Recommended,233250,11990697,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,jpet,Realllllllly needs a save feature so you can resume your current game anytime. Also could use some singleplayer focused updates. I reccommend either way beccause it is very entertaining and can be challenging.
76561198021531642,Recommended,233250,11994218,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Mad Mman,its fun get NOW
76561198010545569,Recommended,233250,11964794,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,|NMA|_Wild_Bill_Stickers,"***This little review refers to the Version after the 71459 release build***PA has come a long way since the very first Early Access Versions. I´m not gonna list all the changes and waypoints, but will try to give a brief summary of what makes this game enjoyable and what´s still lacking at the currents status.Great Stuff:PA is to 50% the successor of the famous supreme commander series. It has large scale battles, juicy explosions and the charateristical robot/ vehicle units. You´ll be fighting for ressource extraction points and trying to build up a working economy. The system relies on two ressources and is pleasantly simple yet challenging.You´ll be fighting on more than one planet at once, which offers unique strategic possibilities. Launching orbital attacks and getting ahead of your opponent by securing ressources on other planets is vital and adds a lot to the fun.The Unit selection is diverse and offers all kinds of land, air and sea based units as well as orbital ones. You can Combine these to build an army of your likings.The Graphics are well made (as longs as you don´t mind that comicish look) explosions look great and the soundtrack is really bombastic. The devs put a lot of work into it and gave the game the orchestral background to match the dramatic battles.Not So great Stuff:Even though PA is a 50% successor of Supreme Commander it lacks something, the original SC series was famous for: The uniquely slow pace. PAs large scale battles are still pretty dynamic for it´s size. It´s good if you´re into that kind of RTS but not if you´re more a fan of carefully planning each of your moves before acting.I loved the concept of fighting on different planets at once but in combination with the mentioned speed of the game this tends to be confusing as you´ll find yourself constantly changing between planets, looking for units and sometimes loosing track of the events. Also: If you´re fond of looking at the details of your carefully crafted base, this game might not be for you as you´ll have to play from a relatively large camera distance in order to stay on top.The planets design is another thing. I loved the differents types and styles but at first it´s pretty hard, to play on a spheric globe. Another problem is the lack of strategical- and choking points. Though there are obstacles like canyons, mountains and lakes there´s nothing really offering protection but your built defense. figuring out the best attack route is not really neccesary most of the time.The AI is already working quite well...once it gets into the game. I was occasionally confronted with AI sending their commander on long building missions near my territory what allowed me to destroy it and win the game with a few tier 1 units. Also there are still some problems with the Pathing of the units. I still found some of them helplessly stuck at barriers like mountains. Also too many units moving or standing together (and you´ll have to use large quantities) will jam narrow points or portals (yes there´s teleports...pretty cool)***The Bottom Line***PA is a large scale RTS with refreshingly new features that´s already working pretty well. Once you´ve gotte used to the controls (especially the camera) it´s offering action packed battles with a ton of possibilities. Keeping track of the different battlefields is part of the challenge and you´ll get a feeling for it after some time. I can recommend it to anyone who´s not afraid of leaving the security of plane battlefields for a crazy and fast paced interplanetar mayhem."
76561197973900648,Recommended,233250,10672267,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Lokiramza,If you like supreme commander you will love this. The game has an absolutely massive scale with land/sea/air/space and interplanetary battles galore.
,Recommended,233250,11135328,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Seph,Simply Brilliant.
76561198050229453,Not Recommended,233250,11103015,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,dascommercialfree,"I get the whole ""gamma"" thing, but this game is so slow and clunky that it's unplayable.  I was a huge fan of the original Annihilation series, so I was looking forward to this ""reboot"".  What I found was a sluggish interface that makes it impossible to know what effect my actions were having, constant disk swapping - each of which had me staring at the rotating pinwheel for up to a minute, and don't get me started on the zoom function!  So slow that it's impossible not to ""overshoot!""It appears that the AI steals way too many CPU cycles (can that be so on a dual CPU Macbook?) - I found myself under attack by a swarm of infantry bots before my first factory was finished building!  How can the AI finish a factory and build 10 bots before my first factory completes?!?All in all, this was a huge disappointment and a colossal waste of my time - don't waste yours!  I wish I could get my money back!"
,Recommended,233250,11138647,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Mr Data,"From the makers of Total Annilhation... That's all you need to know, as this game has the same feel with a whole new style of gameplay!No longer can you turtle into a corner of a map :)"
,Recommended,233250,11150168,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Sainttan,It's like a Supreme Commander but u can go to OUTA SPACE AND CONQUA ANATHER PLANTH *SNORT* 8\10. 1 thing does exeptly - 1 fathertracking units at all. Waiting for realise
,Not Recommended,233250,11101354,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,JKs Loling,"Horrible lag in single player, 3 seconds=1secondImpossible to land on enemy planetsNot a lot of tactics, just try to mass the most troops"
76561198017125657,Not Recommended,233250,11103197,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Plan B,"This appears to be an interesting game, but it requiers you to be connected to the internet, I am currently not able to play since my connection is rather unstable (connection lost for a few seconds every few minutes), so far I've played 2 times for a whole 5 minutes before ""connection lost, returning to main menu"" in singleplayer."
76561198142744942,Not Recommended,233250,11095471,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,blizzardntn,Havn't been able to play this game yet.  GLITCHES OUT
76561198120050094,Not Recommended,233250,11114584,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,ragewhale,"its in gamma but... not worth buying. its like paying to watch a movie and the movie ends halfway due to a technical difficulty.for a gamma, it still has ALOT of bugs that havent been addressed.this is a recent example:winning against AI in galactic war and game crashes on me. has happened 5 times now. PA.exe crash or a coherent UI crash. I was effectively locked out of the game as it doesn't respond to any keyboard input or mouse clicks, the only way is to force quit or restart. And what makes it worse is so far there hasn't been any fixes, it has been like this since the beginning - this is a persistent issue, just search for ""coherent UI crash planet annihilation""..The game controls are a steep learning curve and i understand, but there are quirks.I also noticed that orbital mode seems very pointless and gimmicky as well. once you have orbital things up, it is quite hard to understand where they are and see units below them when their icon sits above your other unit icons. hrmm.I still see parts of Total Annihilation in the game (i loved that game) and it does play well sometimes. great ideas but its missing the simplicity of TA. Needs a storyline as well, theres an amazing universe there and it would be great if there was a story similar to that of TA or possibly a continuation?BUT more often than not, the games end with either crashing or bugs just stopping you from playing. it should still be at beta.multiplayer or single player, it doesn't matter.I have only finished 1 game in the past week, and i have tried to play at least 5 times. 1 hour into a match and bam, game crash. this just stops you from enjoying the game. almost as bad as other spectacular failures like sim city 5.everytime you start the game you wonder if you will finish the game you are on, and when (not if) it will crash. and this just ruins the experience.hold off, dont buy it now, dont bother buying it at all or buy it after several post ""release"" patches. (or maybe during a steam sale)"
76561198110903195,Not Recommended,233250,11135408,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Beardy Dave,"after coming back to this game after cooling down from the multiple rage quits endured due to the early access period, I find it is still as unaccessable to non-hard core RTS buffs, such as myself, as it was before.  I played the easiest AI on a random mission and got my♥♥♥♥♥♥haded to me without knowing why or how it happened.  No tutorial mode. No learning curve.  right in at the deep end: watch hours of developers youtube videos to get a glimps of what to do and then fail miserably at actually getting any fun from the game...I may come back to it if there is a tutorial added or if i get drunk enough to want the masochistic experience it offers at the moment."
76561198085534132,Recommended,233250,13720326,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,duberstein,"Excellent game, glad I found it."
,Recommended,233250,13655548,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Suspicious Spaghetti,Blew up a planet with another planetDeath Stars are cool10/10
,Recommended,233250,13724043,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,bradleesand,I loved playing Total Annihilation when I was a kid. This is just as good but on a planetary scale!
76561198024872640,Recommended,233250,9284207,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,BlueNexus,Oh. My. God
76561198062038987,Recommended,233250,13950553,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,HiMyNameisAustin,"Great game. Isn't ""unfinished"" like some people say. Fun and destructive. Is not worth $30 but its a steal when its on sale. Fun to play with friends and can get very competitive."
,Recommended,233250,13676261,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Kenobi,"Great game, very original and very innovative"
76561198099783009,Recommended,233250,17492506,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Clemens,"At first it looks totally awesome.Then you will find out : ""OHH thats probably a bit complicated and different to over strategy games.""And if you just keep calm and really try to learn how to play this game, then it truly becomes one of the best strategy games EVER.Thank you Uber-Entertainment for this great game."
76561198055618079,Recommended,233250,17568674,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Broke,Great game so get it while its on sale becouse it cost alot when its not;D
76561198102105752,Recommended,233250,17588416,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Lord Kraujas,"Gameplay is very fun and battles are epic, typically very large. Am really enoying this title with my firends. If you like explosions this is a game you might want to check out."
,Not Recommended,233250,15592698,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Bearsuo Sr.,"I'm a huge Supreme Commander / Total Annihilation / et cet., fan, in addition to the more generic, genre fan of RTS, and was super excited by the possibilities opened up in the Kickstarter Campaign for Planetary Annihilation. So it is with a heavy heart that I say that not only is this game a disappointment; it is complete, and absolute, garbage.I held off being judgmental on release, despite the fact they released gibberish that should have gotten the entire team banned from ever calling themselves anything resembling professionals, let alone programmers; but this far down the road, with this many patches, a product that generally fails to load, crashes regularly, and handles like a brick with the steering fluid line cut on a brand new PC... deserves an absolute shellacking. Which, considering how their Human Resources Kickstarter was received, is not a unique sentiment.Hopefully this team will study a more results driven team that they might one day aspire to be as great as: the original Final Fantasy 14 dev team. You know, the clowns who brought you the developer philosophy, ""How many sub-menus can we hide every action under?"" but at least it loaded. shipped. was feature complete at launch. (And was so awful that the company basically re-developed it from scratch post-release) THAT is what this pile of rubbish has to look up to. I haven't asked for a refund out of pity. What. A. Joke."
76561198007431034,Not Recommended,233250,17083419,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,OMFGitsST6,"I'll keep this short. This game had so muh promise. The developers raised millions for its development. What we got was a long alpha, a long beta, huge costs on both, and then a game that:Has one faction and never plans to add any more,Looks simplistic, but runs like crap,Still does not feel complete (space is just awful and naval units are worthless),Feels very repetitive.All in all, I wish I hadn't given this game the time of day. Blowing up planets just isn't worth it."
,Not Recommended,233250,14939016,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Amdanlik,"Nice game, incomplete. The AI is mostly a joke and is too easy to beat. PvP is impossible because you end up waiting for matches for five minutes, because people don't play the game.Nice game, but once you finish the galaxy conquest, there isn't anything to play."
,Not Recommended,233250,15180677,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,ToasterMonkey,"If you enjoy playing a fast paced RTS against other people and prefer having games end via super weapons around the 30 minute mark, buy this game.Don't buy it however, if you read ""spiritual successor to Total Annihilation"" and expected anything more than superficial resemblance toTHISgame.If you remember charming moments like a flaming tire flung halfway across the world colliding with your solar generator and watching it close up like you poked it in the eye, there is none of that.  The units, projectiles, particles, animation, terrain are all flat and bland.  The developers only really seem to give a crap about rapid player vs. player gameplay, so if that is what you liked most about TA - testing your APM - you might like this game.You can't turn off commander assassination mode or super weapons, so there's that... which explains how they got away without a save/load feature as long as they did.  Remember the difference between regular rockets, missiles, and anti-air rockets?  Remember taking the hill to give your Big Bertha extra range?  Remember not JUST beating the computer, but making it WAIT hours for you to finish a Vulcan or Buzzsaw with enough fusion power to run it continuously against their pathetic shiny asses?  Yah well, they FIXED all of that stuff for you, but you can at least have a planet dunked on your head. :\"
76561197984933411,Recommended,233250,15230516,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,THORN,I like it a lot!!  its  like Sup Com on steroids.  I would urge anyone who wants this game to work properly to have a MINIMUM of 8GB ram.  the game is unstable with only 4GB and will crash often when the unit count climbs.  After i bumped my rig up to 12GB  i havent had any issues beyond server connection issues.  the gameplay has been buttery smooth and a lot of fun!!!
76561198172587786,Recommended,233250,15232415,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,I have a good name,Great game 10/10 would come again
76561198007357052,Not Recommended,233250,15248032,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,isak,"This game could, and should, be great. As it stands, however, it falls short, to say the least.Do not let the videos fool you. What you see is proof-of-concept, not actual gameplay.The game was released nearly 6 months ago, but something as basic as save game functionality is only barely starting to become included. Gas giants, promised prior to release, remain barely functional.The absence of defensive gameplay limits the strategy to flooding your enemy with units.Could be amazing, might yet be, but so far: buyer beware..."
,Not Recommended,233250,15248566,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,タイガー氏,From what it seems like .. this game is the worst optimised game out there. With an i7 4790k and R9 290 playing this game at max 30 fps and on top of that the game freezing every 2 or so minutes for 5-10 seconds this game is unplayable. Waste of money.
76561197993548532,Not Recommended,233250,15447255,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Crowley,"I loved Total Annihilation, but this is a very weak effort. The spherical maps are annoying. Gameplay is somehow completely unoriginal while still being awkward and unintuitive, which is an achievement of sorts, I suppose.No way on Earth this is worth £23. I'd be disappointed if I'd paid £10 for it.Wait until it's on sale for £5 and get Supreme Commander - Forged Alliance while you wait."
,Not Recommended,233250,15604291,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,ライスファーマー,I spent an hour of my life trying to turn on this crap game. DO NOT BUY UNTIL FINISHEDi will update when this game works
76561198052285227,Recommended,233250,15819409,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,xr_jaxx,best rts since age of empires 2A MUST BUY FOR ANY RTS LOVER LIKE ME9.5/10
,Not Recommended,233250,16947644,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Chuckle,"I gave this game quite a bit of patience.  Being a lonely owner of this game among my friends, I replayed the auto-generated campaign mode multiple times, and every time it is the same thing.The only way to beat the ai is to build orbital laser platforms, and snipe the commander from the sky.  If you wait a bit longer, the ai will just endlessly pelt you with small, annoying groups of bots until you give up.  The gameplay isn't varied enough.  A much needed campaign would give a real story and varied battles to a singleplayer gamer, much like the original global annialation.Get yourself the original if your alone, or buy this game for yourself and at least one other friend during a sale.Because this game isn't worth $30."
76561198006592847,Not Recommended,233250,17062632,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,o_O,"From best to worst: Supreme Commander, Supreme Commander 2, Planetary Annihilation. The strategy in this series is becoming more and more shallow. All the upgrade options on units are gone. The art style is reverting to an almost minecraft-like polygons. This is ""streamlining"" down to pushing one blob of colored pixels into another. I only paid $7 USD during a sale; and I feel I did not get my money's worth."
,Not Recommended,233250,17111081,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,flaggkilledgod,They just added the ability to save in singleplayer. This month. Seriousely.
,Not Recommended,233250,17113072,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,SlarkM,"I really wanted this game as i love supreme commander, so i brought it when it was early access, what a waste of £15 ( on sale ). It has a few stability issues as it crashes alot either loading up the game  or during a two hour match. I hate the main menu as i can't use enter to join a server which i hate so much. It seems to me that the dev's have run out of money as the updates are few and faw between, which caused a lack of content and in-turn a lack of enjoyability after a few hours. I wish there were more option's in controling the AI as they are nuke happy and sometimes turtle too much, only buy it when it is under £10."
76561198093955874,Recommended,233250,17276990,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,McJuJu,surprizingly this game isnt complete♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,233250,17302086,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,humajime,"I really want to love this game but I simply cannot.  The resource system is a confusing mess, the AI is brutally difficult, and the user interface is unpolished and poorly play tested.  I am not a new RTS player but I cannot figure out what this game wants in a play style and has no tutorials to explain game mechanics.  Controls need  to be rethought as well.  I find myself always incorrectly hitting the right mouse button to scroll (it is middle mouse button to scroll) and  cancelling any orders my units had.  The feed back that a unit has accepted an order either sometimes doesn't fire or cannot be visually seen.  I find myself right clicking multiple times until I see the orange circle appear."
,Not Recommended,233250,17389246,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Tacgnol,"Leaves alot to be desired, felt lead on that there would be more content than this. Although the style of play is different for an RTS style game, it leaves alot to be desired. Gameplay is clunky and unrefined, strategic options feel somewhat limited. I'd suggest for begginer RTS players only."
,Recommended,233250,17412859,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Spoblin,You can smash moons into planets... SMASH MOONS INTO PLANETS!7.35x10^22 /10
76561198015736581,Not Recommended,233250,16839677,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Richard Cross,I can only say that being an old TA fan I had high hopes. I won't go into all the issues as I simply echo the same complaints everyone else has. I'm just glad I got it on sale - if you are that curious... wait at least for a sale :)
,Not Recommended,233250,15209587,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,☢ABADDONEONE☢,"Pros:1. Getting a solid fps of about 90 on Uber Settings so thats nice.2. Promise of a great game and brings back memories of Total Annihialation.Cons:1. Game doesn't work. Crashed EVERY time I try to quit the game, causing my computer to freeze for up to 10 mins and sometimes causing me to restart my PC2. Game doesnt' work. Crashes SOME times when I try to run it, not even getting to the main menu, other times when I'm starting a skirmish battle or Galactic War.3. Game doesn't work. As I said I'm getting a solid 80-90 fps on Uber settings. However, the lag this game creates is MONUMENTAL. I'm getting anywhere from 5 to 20 second lag ingame. And this isn't connection or internet lag, Oh no! Its not lag when making orders, with my units moving only 5-20 seconds after I tell them to. Its lag with my units moving 5-20 seconds after I tell them to, AND THEN skipping all over the screen, with the game being frozen at one point in time and then skipping 5-20 seconds ahead like I'm looking at screenshots (while getting 80fps, go figure)4. As stated by others, the game uses RAM like it grows on trees. Anything under 8gb will be most likely unable to run it and anything under 16gb will have problems with Large or Epic Galactic Wars or any maps with 3 or 4 planets or more.5. This game's (and game developer's) idea of a good business model is to charge people £20+ for the base game (it used to be £70) and £20+ for a bunch of useless skins you're never going to use because either the game doesn't work or you won't be able to find anyone to play with because of connectivity issues or because no one will play this game by the time it comes out of Early Access.6. This game is in Early Access, and most people who read this will be going ""oh well its in early development stages you can't expect it to be perfect obviously there are going to be bugs"". Well if thats your outlook on this then you are an idiot, as bugs I can expect and contend with, as can most people. I don't mind if early on in a game, even a released one there is some small problem which is then fixed. But there is a difference between a bug, a game-breaking bug, or NOT EVEN BEING ABLE TO PLAY THE DAMN GAME.So if you are reading this, I urge you to reconsider buying this bloody game. Yes it looks fun, and it looks like something new. But then again so do other, MUCH MORE deserving games. Just to name a recent one and a throwback to another old game, War for the Overworld is around the same price and is much more deserving of your money and time.Seriously, don't buy this game until it has been released, and then wait some to see if the reviews are improving or not. If  I have discouraged even one person from buying this game then it would have been worth it."
,Not Recommended,233250,15214529,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,TheFlamingGalah,"There is a bug on linux that stops the input from working, this has apparently been a bug for over a year now (according to online reports) and it makes the game unplayable. I certainly get the idea that the developers just thought it was too difficult to fix their game and threw in the towel half way through.Edit: I've managed to fix the UI bug by adding  --coherent-options=""--single-process""  to the launch options. Still, this game is like a♥♥♥♥♥♥old car that takes 5-6 goes to get it to turn over. I'll often find myself starting and quiting this game over and over again because it's frozen at the loading screen or icons for the metal deposits in the UI have not loaded.Once you get the game actually going the sheer size of the game makes it quite increadible.Edit: I just played a game against 4 opponents, killed ONE commander and the game ended with me in victory allthough it shouldn't have. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing riddled with bugs, it is a disgrace that they call this game finished. I suppose it was just all too much for an indie team to pull off. I keep wanting this game to work, I keep wanting this game to be good, but it just falls on it's♥♥♥♥♥half of the time."
76561198075606848,Recommended,233250,17914519,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Chrisishappy,"Before i bought this game, i was amazed of how good this game looked and i was psyched when i realized that it was on sale for only 1 dollar! When i bought this game, i immediatly joined a game and as i was loading, i crashed and then i realized my computer could not run the game but then i upgrated my graphics card and it eventually worked and now i play it all the time! You will not be upset with this unless you are a large newb >:)"
,Recommended,233250,11995320,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Robot Joe,"CUTE BABBLING, CHIRPING CONSTRUCTO BOTS."
,Recommended,233250,16043770,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Flubar009,"Love this game, sure its hard and seems one sided until you learn it properly but after that point its endless fun. If you are a fan of RTS games then this game is for you!"
,Recommended,233250,16044278,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Para_Docs,Needs a real story mode.With 1.1 million dollars more than you asked in Kickstarter this should be deliverable.Next time you ask for crowd funding make sure you finish the game.It would have made you much more money.Source.https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/659943965/planetary-annihilation-a-next-generation-rts/descriptionP.S. I love the concept for this game. It is a great idea. I recommend it to all RTS lovers. It is little more than a game engine with skirmishes and a silly galactic conquest though. To build love with a game there needs to be some element the player can relate to (well written stories provide this). This simply lacks that relatable element.
76561198028391718,Recommended,233250,11992212,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Penultimate,"Such a great game, well done and super fun"
76561198110054641,Not Recommended,233250,19704028,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Sora Toriyama,"This review has been LOOOOOOOOOOOOONG overdue.... first off... if i had a choice to save the CEO of Uber from a fire or Hitler... i choose hitler... you have built so much hate with your 'standalone addon' Titans. What the actual hell were you thinking? Let's just say this.. i wouldn't support you even if the president of the united ♥♥♥♥ing states threatened me.I know i'm getting overdramatic here but face it.. This company is a♥♥♥♥♥♥show.. I thought Gyjjin Entertainment recently was bad... oooooh how i was very...very wrong. If you think putting $30 into this game is worth it..You really are the stupidest person on the planet, I honestly believe that.Death to Uber Entertainment is all i can say.. I hope they go bankrupt and have to pay a million $ to every person who spent a single dime on this worthless trashheap.. Now if you'll excuse me.. I'll be playing  Call of Duty or War Thunder..two games which are 10000 times more fun then this.-1000000000/10 would save hitler from a burning building any dayUPDATE:So after getting messages from people about me being a raging 3 year old i'll give some insight on what made me go this 'childish' on my review.The Devs of PA or Uber Entertainment in this case.. Promised that we would have a good stable game at launch... That the crowd funding would be used to create a good game. Where as now, we don't have that. Instead we have a buggy, no finished and abandoned game. Look at the last update release and announcment. Hm.... 1 year ago... Yeah i think this is abandoned.. Now go look at Titans, they've updated that in the past year but why not PA? I'll answer that question....Because they wanted the money so they could take it and run with it.Did i mention the 'titan' units are actually mod created units? I did research and found out it was a mod on modDB. Did the dev of that mod get any money? You can bet your♥♥♥♥♥he probably didn't! :D *sarcasm*Granted there are SOME (very damn few!) good things about this game. The fact you can destroy planets and nuke the ever living crap out of someone is an awesome feeling. Or basically create your own Death Star and blast planets with a laser, which i loved to do.But with all the issues in the game and very few positives, not to mention the greedy and shady staff behind Uber putting a giant wall on the community of PA and PA:T. It is leaving PA to wither out and die. My recommendation is stay far away from this game and anything the devs release, don't even get it if it's for free or a friend gifted it. Send it back to said friend and tell them to never do it again.You will not be getting any more money from me Uber, not again. I'll go give my money to a project that has Devs/Staff stick by what they say."
76561198059669010,Not Recommended,233250,19706912,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,FlawedParticle,"Really an Expantion that cost as much as the game, uber come on"
76561198030494592,Not Recommended,233250,15806009,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,IndieForger,"I would love to write positive but that is not going to happened in this case.I am going to be honest about my feelings…Please give me my money back!Game is not too bad if you buy it during promotion but certainly it is not worth regular price. It seems unfinished and really lacks of good gameplay. Perhaps it is not my style but to be honest it doesn't really come as advertised. It kind of seems rushed unfinished product. If it would be an indie developer I would give it 8/10 playing it 1st time. However advertising and all the hype around the game made me expect something extraordinary and what I got is a game I have played one time to add it to ""uninstalled"" collection.There are some reasons you might wanna buy it:- you have too much money and you desperately wanna spend some- you want to support developer (and publisher)- you collecting games- you like overpriced, under delivered RTS- you are drunk and you want to try something you haven't tried beforeThe most annoying thing is that there is a lot of fake positive reviews... which actually made me write an honest one. The truth is game doesn't really live up to the hype! If for some reason you decide to play it I hope you enjoyed it.On the other hand, if my review sounds like a raging of an angry troll, totally ignore it and go get the game, try it and ping me at @indieforger saying how bad my review is."
76561198082177881,Not Recommended,233250,16483718,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,immdreamz,"My pc meets all of the recommended system requirements. However I can't play this game because fps is too low. I upgraded my pc, changed my gpu and added more ram but I still have the same issues with it. It lags even in the menu screen. I tried to give it another try and I gave up. I ended up spending too much time in the game settings trying to figure out what could possibly cause all this. I also noticed a lot of people reported about the same issue. This is not worth it. Be warned if you're going to buy this game when it's on another huge sale. I'm sorry. I cannot recommend a lagging game to anyone."
76561198095573613,Recommended,233250,17505149,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Matt the Radar Technician,"A dramatic depiction of a match. ""Dude we are dead even with the other teams there's no way we can..."" Friend fires giant death beam into other teams planet turning it to dust.*Sets down headphones then begins to do victory dance. Best RTS ever. 9/10"
,Recommended,233250,16484162,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kira9204,"This game is not you everyday RTS, here you play on ROUND planets inside a solar system. And since each solar system can be randomly generated, each game becomes somewhat original.Another thing that sets this RTS apart from most RTS games is the ""streamlined"" resouces concept, where you dont pay up front, but rather have a flow of energy and metal. Keeping the incomming flow higher that the outgoing (building things) is key.If you're a Total Annihilation or Supreme Commander fan, this game you've been waiting for.As for all the negative reviews, the game was release _way_ too early when it first came out.It has been a rocky road (altha player here), and altho it's still not without faults, it has come a long way and continues to evolve."
18237549817326589,Recommended,233250,17531727,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Breeze,"This game is probably the only substitute to the Big Bang theory of how a universe is made.Very nice details on minor things, and this game has actually improved a ton from when it was in Alpha. Brilliant RTS with amazing explosions. What else could you ask for?"
,Recommended,233250,20103221,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Cookie,"Let's face it, a lot of the folks that bought this game are up in arms that the PA: Titans game is out as a full stand-alone game and it is just this game and some larger units.  I'm not going to cover any of that because I just don't care about it.  I haven't bought Titans and still enjoy this game.  No big deal.Pros:One of my favorite games of all time is the 1996 game Total Annihilation and this is a great follow-up of sorts.  It has a fast paced game, some reasonable unit combinations, the ability to queue up work and planets that you can travel between or fight on.  Tons of fun in multi-player as long as everyone has some pretty beefy systems.Cons:- You need to have a serious gaming system for bigger battles on multiple planets without a lot of slow down.  I have an older quad core processor but a recent video card and I can see how this game is really CPU intensive.  A Core i7 or better is really needed.- Single player ""campaign"" (or Galactic War as it is called in game) is interesting but ultimately very, very flawed.  I've played through the Galactic War probably 8 times, and 3 of those times had game breaking bugs that meant I could not progress in the campaign.  I was forced to start over.  The bug has been discussed OVER AND OVER in the forums for at least a year with no fix.  Again, my recommendation is for multiplayer, not for the broken single player.- The main menu screen is really CPU intensive, more so than playing the game itself!"
,Recommended,233250,20065974,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,✪Loz CsgoGem.com,"Planetary Annihlation is all I can ask for, The long intense battles, the creation of better and bigger units, GOING TO SPACE!!!!This is what I have been wanting for a long time, theres only a few things which might annoy people, The graphics are quite high so less high end/older computers with a badish graphics card might not be able to play, also, some asspects of the game have not been quite perfected yet, like the ""Set on other planets"" option for the AI while playing Single Player, this sometimes doesn't work and can result in them attacting you when you thought they werent on the planet.Over all I like this game and I have been following it for a while, only now have I bought it, 7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,233250,24680645,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Maxagaze,"Buy a game, and what does the company do?Relaunch it, with titans"
,Recommended,233250,25156555,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Vladislav,"like it, even tho the servers are empty"
,Recommended,233250,33386751,Posted: 8 July,all,Pro_Pancake_sniffer,Lit
76561198045913693,Not Recommended,233250,15892974,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,BobaFettamine,such a bad community of players that play this game they dont know the meaning of survival to them this is a deathmatch game i dropped someone food to help him out he shot me in the head i walk past a guy un armed no gear i get killed theres no survival aspect in this game just kill
76561197979655140,Not Recommended,233250,16498124,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Revolver,"+GREAT SCALE!: You can have unlimited amounts of units and send them between gateways to invade other planets!+Map bonuses: You can use stuff on the map like Astroids for example and slam them into the enemys planet or take over and blow stuff in the air with your own Deathstar!-Updates:  Far from okey, A single new unit added to the game takes about 6 months.-Factions: Only one Faction so gameplay gets alot the same really fast.-Campaign Multiplayer: NO-Having bigger systems then 4 planets with a maximum size of 1300 will make your game lag no matter how big computer you have.2 out of 6.Revolvers Review > 38/100 Bullet Points.Great game at start but gets booring quite fast.I Recommend you buy Supreme Commander and its expantion called ""Forged Alliance"" insted and save some money."
,Not Recommended,233250,20141735,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,SpaceMan101,"How To Be Scamed By Uber Entertainment1. Help kickstart a game that almost screams supreme commander ""Buy supreme commander instead of this game""2. Get no discount what so ever for the official release3. Play the game and realize its a hot pile a♥♥♥♥♥♥ and even after a few major updates it still is4. Fail to control yourself when you see a steam sale and buy what was going to be an update but instead was released as a whole $50 game.5. relize that this one is an even hotter pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥6. kill yourself because you forgot to steam refund both of them7. have fun... no have a horrible time.-11/10 would convert to islam again"
76561197993613992,Not Recommended,233250,20445444,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Neggyts,"Uber is like Apple. They sell a good item for a hefty price, as the fan you are, you buy it cause it looks cool and has nice features. But you still feel like the item is missing some essentials. After some time they add a new feature to the item, offcourse the ones you felt was missing, but they dont give it away as an update, or even lets you pay for just the new added feature. To get the new feature you have to buy a whole new item, which is basically the same item you bought just a while ago, only the way it should have been in the first place, but for a even heftier price. As a customer and a fan, you end up feeling cheated. So I will never buy anything ever again from Uber, because they can not be trusted.I will however forgive them IF and only IF they apologize and give the ""new game""  Planetary Annihilation : Titans, for free to every person who supported the making of this game by buying it. But I won't see that happening any time soon.  Uber Entertainment is just not those kinds of people. They are the kind of people who would push you off a cliff if it could save their own skin.Conclusion:DO NOT support this game developer in any way, not that it matters cause no one will see this review anyway, seeing as this ""old game"" is long forgotten by everyone, including  Uber Entertainment, except us who sits here with the ""old game"" version."
,Not Recommended,233250,20451739,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Alex,"Make us pay for the game, dont upgrade or fix things, take the money and basically remove this game so other people will buy the new standalone for a ridiculous amount. Terrible company, dont do business with them on any platform or for any game."
76561198012833532,Not Recommended,233250,21086491,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Awesomo 2000,"Supreme Commander on small planets. Played 5 hours of it, it saves after every battle but if you lose battle you can start from beginning. Not from beginning of conquering planet, but the whole campaign. So start again? Hell no."
76561198099437893,Recommended,233250,21135986,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Blackshadow08,"I really injoy this game and the graphics style and everything about it, BUT the AI gets kind of annoying when it sends its captin at your base then gets killed and then you win. Please fix that."
76561198011936635,Not Recommended,233250,22206326,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,jermanicus,Uber sucks and has no place among honest game makers.
,Not Recommended,233250,22579885,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,AppleShy,No.
,Recommended,233250,22712296,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,I Quickscoped JFK,"I paid <$5 for this game and that's the most I would pay for it. It's singleplayer gets boring really fast, multiplayer is just singleplayer redux. It's aight don't pay a lot for it."
76561198100138917,Recommended,233250,22809500,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,BobYamamato,Good
,Recommended,233250,23213345,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Ru'n Too'n Dabbin Putin,"(I bought this early on and I have to say it was better when I bought it now the game freezes when I try single player, was it an update or that I upgraded to windows 10 because it never used to just stop and crash.) -old reviewMy new review is that this game plays fine and that I find it great that they added diffrent levels of difficulty. The game still needs some optimization but it is playable now.7/10"
,Recommended,233250,25319134,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Evilscaught,"The concept of the game is fun, the graphics look cartoony.  The biggest drawback of this game is the lag that the server and client will experience (even when on fast internet) when players create massive armies, however  I don't think that anything can be done to fix that besides getting a smarter computer. Single player could use some work (a little bit repetative, no ability to change the difficulty), I do not recommened this game unless you plan on playing with someone you know or enjoy single player, finding an online match can be difficult at times and can last for a few hours."
,Not Recommended,233250,16528956,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ThePile,"By far the worst game I've ever bought on steam.People kept telling me it was my computer, but I just got a brand new gaming rig and can barely play this game still. Not even worth the ♥♥♥♥ing $5.99 they had it on sale for.Will be asking for a refund."
,Recommended,233250,19593998,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Radical Asylum,Heh good game
,Not Recommended,233250,19727270,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,AlmightyMelon,Scum
76561198008658195,Recommended,233250,19834202,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Joshuazp,"Nice!   Kinda like Red Alert, just in space, i love it!   Just needs bigger explosions and easier travels between planets, so there's war everywhere :-)     9/10"
,Recommended,233250,19893992,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Overclocked BBC,Epic with friends
76561198035303661,Not Recommended,233250,20393806,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,[S.O.X] Otome,Don't bother buying this game or its DLC.
,Not Recommended,233250,20441151,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Somewhere only we know,unfinished game
76561198128813926,Not Recommended,233250,16235822,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,theghostkiller,for me my game keep exiting out
76561198035286655,Not Recommended,233250,16543214,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,austin.brocker,"single player is awful. computer starts out with higher tech, and stronger troops and you cant even level your own troops up"
,Not Recommended,233250,19376455,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Sam,It was fun before I found out that released something that should have been part of the base game as a seperate game.
,Not Recommended,233250,19381377,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Light,Devs are almost worse than Overkill.
76561198026912876,Not Recommended,233250,19426074,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Ripfin,"I dont have to write much, another good old company trying to use new micro marketing to♥♥♥♥♥♥players to make their run profitable this time around. thanks to the flux of indie games these guys can go work for their grub"
76561198016248583,Not Recommended,233250,19486304,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Sven,Scam.
,Not Recommended,233250,19543239,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,CyberSpaceGhost,Spaceshit
76561198030730832,Recommended,233250,19637021,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,tresseb1,Give them time to clean up there act and hope we get a game to be proud of.
76561198083256868,Not Recommended,233250,19811347,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,thexmoxha,"I have over 50 hours in this game. It is a good game, but it is not what i wanted out of a RTS game. Plus!!!!! I CANT BELIEVE THEY ARE MAKING YOU PAY FOR THINGS THAT SHOULD BE IN THE FIRST RELEASE! I WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER GAME FROM THEM AGAIN,  I would recommend this game if you DID NOT have to pay for it over and over again."
,Not Recommended,233250,19816687,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,stonemage,Meh.
76561198107226287,Recommended,233250,19892391,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Redflame345,The game every strategy-lover wants.
,Not Recommended,233250,20145690,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Brill,"Obvious cash grab. They re-released the same game later on, with little extra content and called it an ""Expansion"".Also, they tried to remove the game from the steam store to censor the mixed reviews.These developers are the cancer that envelops the early access scene at the moment, shame."
,Not Recommended,233250,20155779,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Donald Trump,Scam.
76561198077752652,Recommended,233250,20302650,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Nim,Smashed a planet into another planet. Nobody survived
76561197969891945,Recommended,233250,20396111,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,TheFinn,"If I recall correctly, this game plays out on AWS servers, which would mean the developers have to pay Amazon for you to play the game. That's one explanation as to why the Titans expansion is priced separately - they can't afford to have a new influx of players AND keep all of the current ones. Another explanation is to bury the negative reviews PA received, (which is a shame, because it really does do exactly what it says on the tin).A lot of people got behind PA as an esport - it is an enjoyable watch - but without the wholehearted support of the developer, that isn't going to happen. I reckon Titans was released purely to pay off debt."
76561197995119038,Not Recommended,233250,20453566,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Drongo_Man,Downvote for the price gouge. dropped $80 because I believed.
,Recommended,233250,20466352,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,AfbX57,"my laptop's spec meet the minimum requirement to run this... but, everytime it  come to battle...after 5 minutes loading... then ""Not Responding""... back to desktop... again and again..may i have some refund, steam? please.. :)or.. some solution perhaps? (Still in curious mode)i'm not even try the battle yet, so it would be unfair if i click ""No"" for recommending this game now..so, okay, i click yes.."
76561198121624886,Recommended,233250,21546217,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Adam,This game is very good!I love to play in this game with my friends ^^I recommend to all to behold this miracle!
76561197974561650,Not Recommended,233250,22216918,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Knokt,Honestly there was so much potential but it was wasted on poor execution. :/
76561198027420865,Not Recommended,233250,22632733,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,lILLpIGGYbOY,The game is a awesome RTS and i could play this forever BUT in the middle to late game the game start with a really horrible delay. It's delay in both UI and unit movement.
,Not Recommended,233250,25593417,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Farts McGuffin,Did not deliver. Not worth 30 dollars. Get it on sale for 5 bux as a whole bundle but it is still unfinished.
,Recommended,233250,32620160,Posted: 21 June,all,Hedge Lord,"Being unaware of this kickstarter controversy, I had a lot of fun with the game."
76561198049490615,Recommended,233250,33291126,Posted: 5 July,all,eliteblade46,"My actual review of planetary annihilation is found over on TITANS, which you should buy instead of this.As of now this game is just short of dead in favor of the superior TITANS and the devs have debatably abandoned this Game in favOr of of the latter.I made the mistake of Buying this game thinking TITANS was jUst an addon for it but it is indeed a whole different game which You should perchase instead.The game however Is sTill deccent if you, for some reAsoN, Still have an intent on buying it.6 go buy titans of 10"
76561198064886545,Not Recommended,233250,15826147,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,sss505sss,"For starters, the learning curve is just way too steep. The game is way out of balance, and simply lame at best. Do not waste your money."
,Not Recommended,233250,16128278,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Kleinaroo,"Sadly this game has a lot of issues even though they released the full version. Several problems that should've been fixed in the beta, and specially game optimization. They threw us an unoptimized, unfinished and barely polished game that could have been so much more. It can be fun for a while, but you eventually give it up. Its rough finish didn't match its price."
76561198000774782,Not Recommended,233250,16548641,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,[VADN] Ocarin,"There are SO many people that have the same problem with this game, which is performance. Its unplayable for me and for many of my friends , and there are no fixes. The only thing they tell you to do is to *Update your GPU driver*. Great and when you have done this then there are answers like *Hmm strange never saw that* and *well speak with the developers*. No fixes. Nowhere. As long as nobody can help us getting more than 5 fps when scrolling around i will tell you DONT BUY IT"
,Not Recommended,233250,19468668,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Frightnen,If you really want to endorse these scumbags then buy the titans standalone. Its this game but with titan units.
,Not Recommended,233250,19485651,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Murph,Biggest waste of my cash so far...
76561197999975332,Recommended,233250,19657680,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Jompsy,"I really fell in love with the whole concept of Planetary annihilation! If you've enjoyed playing games like Red Alert or Tiberium Wars, you'll find this game extremely amusing and interesting. The game itself still has some glitches and bugs, biggest one being freezing and crashing at times, even if my pc exeecds the ""recommended"" requirements. That being said, the developement team is doing great job patching the game and getting more and more content out."
,Recommended,233250,19821650,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,=RP=Vindicorvus,I like this game. Enjoyed it a lot. <3
76561198057018954,Not Recommended,233250,20154720,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Cindecent,"Had a lot of fun, but than they decided to backstab everyone and release the unfinished game and sell the finished game as a stand alone game. Never buying a game from them again cant trust that they wont just backstab me."
,Not Recommended,233250,20452811,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Peanut Arbuckle,developers are releasing 39.99 standalone DLC that should have come with the game that WE initally kickstarted. Uber entertainment= 4/10 company. i do not trust them
76561198276315015,Recommended,233250,21225272,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,TanningTanspotty,Love it beset the cost for Titans because there is still glitchs that i have heard but the glitches don't seem to do any harm and you  can by-pass them
69696969696969696,Recommended,233250,21412330,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Skullyface,"Good game im a bit dissapointed that even tho i bought the digital duluxe bundle i still have to pay to 'upgrade to titans'as far as ive been told by other ppl its supposedly 'a standalone dlc' that makes stuff smaller so there can be more units, but still it was a gr8 game m8s i r8 88/88"
76561198036641332,Recommended,233250,22028564,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Fatal Flaw,Awesome strategy game
76561198021330795,Not Recommended,233250,22584874,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,LeoEnlightenedOne,Titans should not exist as a separate game
76561197984386419,Not Recommended,233250,19826370,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Fuzzerker,"I really wanted to like this game, tried and tried to get into it.  Unfortunately, at the end of the day the game just feels unifinished.  No tutorial or clear building unlocks/trees, horrible pathfinding, painful to manage units and repetative maps make this game difficult to get into, yet another title with lots of potential that ended up not getting the attention it needed."
,Not Recommended,233250,15890760,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Boxman,This game has so much potential but was ruined by a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ developer. ♥♥♥♥ playfab and ♥♥♥♥ the dev for their extreme DRM. Still a sort of fun game if you can get it cheap (under $10.00)
76561198011834412,Not Recommended,233250,16476843,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Derida,"this game has a lot of bugs.and with much units, you will take much lagging.and when you are playing this hame, suddenly it's shutdown by itself.i wanna give the very mixed rates .especially mutiplay function is extremely danger to your Mental health."
76561198040722312,Recommended,233250,19270926,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,RLB,Some sick♥♥♥♥♥♥ 20/10
76561198082676708,Recommended,233250,19276215,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,ḋʀмἔᾄҭẏ,"This game is honestly fun, I like messing around with my friends on massive solar systems and taking over planets. I recommend getting the TITANS edition, I'll be upgrading when I get the money. The servers seem to be better than before, which is always a plus."
,Not Recommended,233250,19491889,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Penji,used to be cool untill they decided to pull a day z
,Recommended,233250,20589861,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Lenn,"Despite all the people saying this game is buggy, it runs actually amazing for me.And I love it."
,Recommended,233250,20603826,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Andreas,"A fun game similar to Supreme Commander. The spherical shape of the maps and the orbital aspect takes you out of your comfort zone as an RTS player. Unit dynamics are a bit too simple, and I'd prefer slightly less cartoonish graphics and a campaign that didn't lock away much of the tech tree."
76561198006784492,Not Recommended,233250,21162008,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,UnderEmpire Kingpin,"got to say the game is fun, but dry and amounts to little more than playing the same game on different maps as it always plays out the same, not enough varied units and abilities due to a rigid attempt at balance. Not bad per se but with an expansion costed at full price for a game that still needs work it is not something you should bother with. Oh and Titans in a standalone xpac ie this game is done for (4 months since an update). So much potential wasted sadly."
,Recommended,233250,21233790,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Shmuckalina,"I like it, the people that made the game are scam artists but the gamplay and graphics are great 6.5/10"
,Not Recommended,233250,21495135,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,╭Soli,"The game isn't working anymore, so.%#%(#%#.EDIT: The game works, the issue was apparently outdated mods.That being said, I can still not recommend buyingthis game, because if you do want to get on this game (which is overall a neat game, especially if you have friends to play with, although a bit challenging controls and UI-wise) -- because there's a Stand Alone upgrade to the game,PA:Titans.So, yeah. No real reason to buy this game anymore."
76561198123798859,Recommended,233250,21709795,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,tank_miller201170,"I don't get why everyone has a stick in their craw about no free DLC. Uber probably ran into financial issues and needs a little more cash. Besides the game is fine on its own without Dlc, that is what everyone should be reviewing."
,Not Recommended,233250,21914403,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Oisìn,trashBold
76561197970257202,Not Recommended,233250,22600458,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,MournBlade,"I liked the game, but hate the bait and switch they pulled with the expansion. Needless to say I will probably not be paying these guys another cent, because they won't finish one project without starting another leaving the first if not both unfinished and buggy. Very disapointed."
,Recommended,233250,19941539,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Sylvaritius,"This game is really cool. The saddest part i find is the fact that not very many players play the game anymore. i hope they will come back, and that new players will come. Because this game has alot to offer, but not enough people see that."
76561198009975567,Recommended,233250,20340159,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,MakeGoBoomz,"Played Total annihilation as a kid, played it alot...I MEAN ALOT!!! planetary annihilation feels like the spiritual successor to Tota annihilation the gameplay is almost verbatim, to some that may not be awesome but to me it made this new game feel like an old friend who's just moved into my neighborhood.I noticed a few minor gliches but chose to ignore them because what game today doesnt have them, thanks uber for basically remaking my favorite game and thank you steam for selling it to me for 5 bucks lol not saying its not worth its 30.00+ pricetag because it is. im just more inclined to give games a chance when i get a good deal."
,Recommended,233250,21667860,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,THE HAPPIEST OF HAPPY TURTLES,Pretty Fun
76561198048895798,Recommended,233250,22218613,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Pianoman,"Great game, definitely the next generation of RTS."
,Not Recommended,233250,22657190,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,DiabloD3,"After having played the game for over 30 hours, I can conclude that it is a slow, boring game. Instead of being a game like Total Annihilation or Supreme Commander 1, the entire formula is ruined. Games are not fast paced, the multiple worlds gimmic doesn't really work, the AI is absolutely horrible even on the hardest difficulty, there is nothing really for single player, and there is hardly anyone ever online to do multiplayer with.If you want to play an RTS, go buy Supcom 1 and FA."
,Recommended,233250,26483562,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Kung Fu Kenny,"This RTS teaches players at a enjoyable paces with Galactic War(otherwise you will want to return it), bringing you up to speed with the UBER intensive workload. Brings back memories of Red Alert 2 and CnC Generals, with the addition of orbital combat/travel. Make sure to mess with the system builder for the full experience.10/10 would Halley again"
,Recommended,233250,16999638,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,MattBlueshift,I never realized how fun the Death Star is. Now I do.
,Recommended,233250,12086084,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,pinback,"Beware the notoriously hateful, miserable Steam crowd: This game is a complete blast.  If you can't have fun with it, I weep for you.  A tactical micro-fest, it is not.  It's about making huge armies throughout a solar system, and sending those armies (and an occasional moon or two) to smash into your opponent and make everything explode.  Pure joy.  Yes, it's a little rough around the edges, but the devs seem to be commited to continue work, and even as-is, I've basically stopped playing everything else, because this is too much fun."
,Recommended,233250,22235376,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,PilotNL,"Purchased the game in early access, Liked the concept but was quickly done with it. Later I came back but after an update it had a huge performance loss which made it unplayable on my laptop.Now I have a new computer and came back to this title. It has developed into a great little game! I have so far only played the single player which is very entertaining. 20 hours on record, 6 hours in the release version.Thumbs up!"
76561198076420219,Recommended,233250,11962799,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Nybel6,Great game. Favorite Strategy out there
,Recommended,233250,12028204,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,"Ya boy, Unkle Adams","Good graphics, great UI, I hit someone with a moon but then got exploded by a deathball. The balancing of the game is always changing so I can't say anything positive or negative about it.The game can get boring kind of easily but it's pretty fun if you're into the RTS genre.They update often and with a lot of new content so you got that going for you, which is nice.7.5/10 - Put it on your wishlist and buy it on sale. (Don't get it if you never played RTS games, it's as confusing as 3D chess)"
76561198013028345,Recommended,233250,11939503,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,DELON81,"Great Game at a decent pace. Tips for new players like me: 1. Make sure you fight the planets closest to your spawn on galactic because exploring far out systems means the enemy ahead has tech usually of higher quality. 2. GET TO THOSE RESOURSES QUICK. 3. Keep those resourses at at least 88% effeciency. Final tip: Remember, Vehicle <Bot <Naval <Air <Space is the level of power each should be measured. This means a good  Space Force can pretty much own the game so aim as such.4 out of 5"
,Recommended,233250,11989131,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,AyrtonAlexis,Buy it.
,Recommended,233250,11990548,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Chaos,"Best RTS I have eer played, just such a massive scale, so much fun and so different from other games with 4 different forms of combat, and with the 20 dollar price drop I DEFINETLY think you should buy this game ASAP :D"
,Recommended,233250,13603389,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Timmy ♥☮☯,how come it's now THIRTY times cheaper than at its launch!? idiocy...
76561198089542645,Recommended,233250,10547877,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Oblivionator,"Its a great game, specialy if you into planet smashing. My first time playing was a blast seeing my first planet smash into the other after being bombarded with nuclear missiles. One of the best RTS I have played so far."
,Not Recommended,233250,13553991,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Bigmoo,"The UI is incredibly clunky. I don't think a single aspect of the game is user friendly.There is no tutorial or help files etc in the game.There is 0 story inviolved and everything has the feel of someone having started to work on it, vaguely getting it working and they yelling, ""bump it I am so done with this."""
,Recommended,233250,11203640,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,mattc0m,it's like supreme commander but you can drive planets into eachother. that's kinda cool.very buggy. i'd suggest waiting till retail release.
76561198006966329,Not Recommended,233250,13199749,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,MtNak,"Bought it for $6, but still not worth it :(If you like RTSs like me but where unsure if you should try this one at a sale, Don't.Every part of the game is unfinished and i seriously doubt they will as they are working on other things and left this one as is.""The campaing"" can't be called that. Not even the units work. The tanks shoot the floor as it is curved. Yes, that bad.No tech tree. Almost no AI (the original C&C had a way better one). The pathfinding is awful.Just don't. It is not worth a dolar :("
,Recommended,233250,9322312,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Ogrekisser,This game gives everything you could ever want from an RTS.
,Not Recommended,233250,12014914,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,psyfox22,"The game has the makings of something great, but they released what is still a beta. It feels like a beta. You still have random bugs, like the entire screen blanking out when you click on a notification. It also still has several game play issues. For example during a single player campaign you can end up in a scenario that is significantly more difficult than the game play settings because you couldn't find the right attachment for your commander for the scenario. Ship upgrades are semi pointless. Even ""Water"" planets will have nearly 99% land at times. If you want to play a beta game that is still being worked on this is great, but keep in mind that it is not a polished product."
76561197984432878,Recommended,233250,12061065,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Lapsapnow,"An Epicly Massive Multiplayer game.Other people may think it rubbish, but it truely is an awesome strategy game.No other RTS gives this experience. Not that I know of.As awesomely fun as it looks."
,Recommended,233250,12062104,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,MBB,I paid  47.99€ for this.. Now its 27.99€.Mitä mää ny sanoisin 2/5/3/5
,Not Recommended,233250,14076155,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Little Byrd,"Planetary Annihilation is a charming game. So charming that in fact it gave me a blue screen! Let's list up some not-so-good things about this charming and all around family friendly game!1. The AI is super brutal. Even on Normal. It jumps straight to building all the catalyst and powering the death star from hell and rains on each planet before coming to you so it builds tension that you're super ♥♥♥♥ed.2. The units alone drop my framerate down to about 50 frames. Seriously, the enemy AI nuked all my units and I swear my 10 fps jumped back to 60.3. Micro-Management at it's worst. What's great about this game is that is really pokes at your OCD side and gives you extra stress for how many units you need to manage and how many planets you need to multitask.Great concept. I give it a 10/10.But horrible execution of said concept. 0/10Also the game had no hats. What the hell. I can't take Invictus seriously if he has no hats on."
,Not Recommended,233250,17753597,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Valkerion™,"As much as I like about the game, the constant flux of bugs since launch that still persist, lack of singleplayer content updates, and then going ahead and releasing a much needed update as a standalone new game... I can only hope uber does a 180."
76561198121275340,Recommended,233250,11903892,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,WINNER22,the game keeps freezing and saying error when i start a game can u help
76561198143877687,Recommended,233250,11950696,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Spruce Willis,//
,Recommended,233250,16947113,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,ThatGuyOliver,"Very fun, especially in multiplayer. Needs a tutorial."
,Recommended,233250,12062360,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Sou,"As a big fans of RTS genre, Planetary Annihilation is definitely trying to take this into a whole new, interplanetary level, which is a refreshingly huge scale!What I liked about Planetary Annihilation is that it is not brain-staggering, yet exciting and really fun to play! Unlike most RTS these days relies on the weakness and prowess of a unit's type (just like rock, paper and scissors) with too much technicality, requires macro & micro management that it made my brain bursting with flame after only playing a single game. Fortunately, Planetary Annihilation does not employ this kind of system. PA focused more on base expansion, resource management, massing units and this makes the game very enjoyable, relaxing yet engaging.I would like to specifically mention the superweapons (since I know that a lot of people dislike superweapons in RTS). In PA, The Halley and Catalyst/Annihilaser (the superweapons) are added for a good reason. It has other strategical value rather than ""just"" a mass-destruction weapon, it also add a sense of urgencies when the superweapon notification is popping (especially if you are on the receiving end), and during the execution, a nice eye-candy as a reward (+satisfaction, of course)!PA, at the moment I write this review are still highly unoptimized as a game. I have a high-end gaming rig but the spikes and lags are still here especially when we have a lots of units in the game. If you have an entry-level/mid-range gaming rig, I would highly suggest for you to hold on for a while to give the developer times to work on code optimization, or else you will buy an unplayable game.P.S. At this moment, if you really want to play the game very badly, I would really recommend you to have a gaming rig several level higher than the ""recommended system requirement"". At least 16 GB RAM and a high end graphic cards (GTX 770+) is highly recommended for a near lag-free and decent playing experience. For the gaming rig on the ""recommended system requirement"" level, I would suggest to play in a smaller map with at most 2 planets and 2-3 players. However this kinda destroy the actual fun part of this massive game. The real ecstasy is where free-for-all, 5 planets with moons and 8+ players are in the mix!"
76561197978978712,Recommended,233250,11950737,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Jim,It is too early.  More detail is necessary.  I remember old RTSs having as much detail and depth.  It is excellent that this is a Linux game too.  Linux is very important to me.
76561198093669682,Recommended,233250,12975364,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,HappyTechpriest,"Planetary Annihilation is a game when you can wage war across solar systems, literally. The scale of this game is tremendous, and is actually quite fun if you know the mechanics and how it works. However, don't expect a story, because there isn't. The only 'story' you actually get is only 'you're a commander that risen from the dead, and now you must destroy everything'.Now, on to the review. The gameplay is solid, ok. There are multiple ways you can approach different scenarios. For instance, you're enemy is on another planet, and you need to invade it. You could set up multiple unit cannons and send hundreds of tanks and bots at it; you could try to build a teleporter and establish a beach head; or even launch a volley of nukes or commence an epic version of an ion cannon strike from C&C. This game is basically a faster version of Supreme Commander or TA, but with a lot less units and planetary combat. The units are decent, in my opinion. There are technically 3 tiers of units, but it says there are only 2. There are land, air, sea and orbital units, and all of them have their strengths and weaknesses. However, there are some units that are a bit OP still, and naval units are still useless compared to air units. Also, the space combat is a bit unbalanced still, since there are barely any orbital units.Now, the graphics. Don't complain about the graphics, because they literally showed the graphic style in all of their trailers. They are decent for a game that went for a more cartoony look. However, I admit that I used a very crappy Mac to play this, and there were huge framerate drops and lag issues. However, after seeing multiple gameplay videos I can confirm that it actually is very good at what it does, wage epic war.The soundtrack and overall sounds. The soundtrack is a mix of a dramatic choir and an instrumental song. It does get a little annoying later in the game, when the same tracks repeat over and over, but you will get used to it. Now, I have noticed that, especially in larger battles, that the sounds of the firing guns and explosions do cut out a bit. The game has a bit of trouble loading the sounds fast enough to keep up with battles, but you won't really notice because you would probably be too busy watching a massive battle unfold to notice.Mode variety: Currently, there are currently two modes that you can play, either in single or multiplayer; Galactic Conquest and annihilation. Galactic Conquest is the games 'campaign', which basically sets you against probably the most repetetive battles in an RTS game I have ever done. There is almost no story, and whatever is actually explained in the game is bare bones, meaning you won't care what faction you are on, nor what they did. Then, there is annihilation. Annihilation has 2 modes, called team deathmatch and FFA. This is basically the most popular mode right now, because the game is literally just that.Overall: Overall, this game, although it has suffered from a pretty bad start, has gotten a lot better. They have added quite a few more units and structures, and even enabled mod support. The graphics are fine, since they were going for a cartoony look. The gameplay, although a little rough sometimes, is solid enough so you can play a few matches and not get bored while doing so. The sounds, again although a little rough, is at least decent in-game, because you probably will barely hear it anyway. There isn't that many modes that you can play yet, but they are getting there.I rate this a 6/10 (Slightly above average). If you like fast paced gameplay, this won't be your game. However, if you want to have a decent RTS game, with solid gameplay, decent visuals and a decent soundtrack, this might be the game for you."
,Recommended,233250,10550946,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,[RUM]SGT Black,"Now that this game has a single player campaign mode it is awesome. I purchased this game several months ago and immediatly regreted it because I didn't understand the game and frankly it was to hard for me(RTS isn't my stong suite) however, since this SP campaign came out the tides have changed. It allows you to get into this extremely well crafted and brilliant game 1 toe at a time."
,Recommended,233250,10586001,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Sir Bearsly B Bearington,"Played for 20 minutes, thought i was doing rather  well then had the AI slam an asteroid on top of my commander out of nowhere. 10/10"
76561198034001036,Recommended,233250,12092120,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Six Siege,"This game before gamma was to be honest pretty bad, but thats what you expect. Now that its fully released  I'm happy that I got it. Removing unbalanced units like the t2 Air fighter, and improving orbital. Metal planets are basically death stars now, and gas giants have finally been added. The only thing missing from this game is commander varity, and the unit cannon. Optimsation has improved the late game, its no longer a lag fest. Overall this game has improve ALOT! 10/10 Da best"
,Recommended,233250,16486999,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,patondeez,"This game is amazing, I was a huge fan of Supreme Commander 2 and this game is light years ahead. I will say that the controls are hard to learn, you'll want to install Planetary Annihilation Mod Manager to get the control scheme mods. I personally use wasd to control the camera instead of middle click."
,Recommended,233250,12035317,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Tempesta Rosa,"Amazing game with an amazing concept. Imagine the future of RTS where you command armies on a solar system, crash planets, nuke the sheet out of it (tectonic and ice sheets of course :P), use giant lasers that look alike but is not exactly a ""(C) Death Star""and even more.The only fault I find with it is its lack-luster focus on all those amazing concepts. Multiplayer, which focuses on pitting you up with other players  is mainly focused in rush, just as it is now. Which is rather crappy. You can never rush the nukes, the bombs, the death laser but a lack-luster enemy army can easily crush you and end the game. This is sadly the current meta of this game which is just sad.The learning curve is pretty low. If you have experience with other RTS games, you will generally do fine (against AI).Nonetheless, I enjoy the single-player experience over all. Don't get me wrong, I'm not QQ'ing because I suck at multi but it's because I see wasted potential.Despite all that's been said, I still high recommend the game for all RTS fans out there."
76561198006545785,Recommended,233250,12033258,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Rococho Ranger,"I like this game, I really do.But a warning to buyers, you'll need to be prepared to ask lots of questions on the steam forums as the tutorial should barely be called that.The biggest question is make sure someone explains area commands to you.Pros-Fasinating take on RTS-3d spherical maps present new challanges to RTS gamers-All factions get the same kit, so no overpowered faction.-Customise your faction with salvaged tech.-No upkeep on units, or unit cap.-Intuative economy.Cons-Salvaged tech is random, you can't plan your advancement.-There are lots of tools to help micromanagement, but they aren't explained in game.-AI can flucturate between building mega slow or mega fast (this may change with patchs)"
,Recommended,233250,12034876,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,ibotje,just bloody buy it!
76561198063494047,Recommended,233250,11993149,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Minnlinz,great game company that didn't play out the whole early access and focused on getting things done.
76561198055876077,Not Recommended,233250,12031717,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,jaybaibai,horrible and confusing
76561198057805943,Recommended,233250,11325120,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Adinatrix,"Its good but the game crashes a lot on my macbook, can't wait until the game is COMPLETELY finsihed."
,Recommended,233250,10565582,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,QoobicThunder,Playstyle very similiar to that of EA's non f*** up version of command and conquer when they released generals and zero hour. Lots of fun no matter how you play. Continually following updates!
,Recommended,233250,10542108,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Alkane,"If you like over kill this is a game for you. I crashed a moon into a planet just to kill one enemy unit. Yup fun.That aside. While still it has been in development and has some way left to go, it is definitely an enjoyable game."
,Recommended,233250,10567028,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,天Xinister,"The single most epic, bigtime RTS and a MUST-HAVE addition to any rtsgamers out there.If you liked Supreme Commander, be it the first or last - you'll love this."
,Recommended,233250,10979602,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ClutchPooop,"If somethings bugging you and you just want to blow stuff up. This is the game you should get. Dont just win, Annihilate!"
,Recommended,233250,10237749,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Gay Witch Cyrin,"SMASH UR GIANT ARMY ALL OVER THE PLANET -- THE GAMEBasically a game for people who think fast and have quick fingers. Matches are 30+ minutes of micromanagement... could stand to be a tad less micromanagement IMO... but still a fun and cool game. I got it for $60, it's not worth $60. $30 is definitely closer, but the game overall just needs more polish."
,Recommended,233250,13381866,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,President Morty,"Pretty great overall game. Reminds me of the good ol days playing Halo Wars with my friends. Multiplayer, however, needs a total rebuild. Very annoying when it takes 5+ min to load in just to get an unplayable FPS when the Single Player runs flawlessly with no more than a 1 min load time."
,Recommended,233250,16497099,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,The Shyster Meister,If you like blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up this is the game for you
,Recommended,233250,12033590,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,rocco156,"Awesome game, still needs some optimizing but damn, it's fun!"
76561198044857553,Recommended,233250,10423448,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Nalarion,"I was honestly, really, really, REALLY disapointed by this game. It is EXTREAMLY unintuitive and just plain messy. Nothing works the way its even intented to. I was such a huge fan of total annihilation that I bought this as soon as I even heard about it, but that was a giant mistake. Im still waiting for additional content to come out just so the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥this is playable.The most frustrating aspect is that you cant really see anything, UI is bad enough by itself with little to no description on buildings ect like the original had, but the whole 3d platform that your supposed to be using because your on a round planet... sigh... is not enjoyable, at all. At least add in a 2d version to the field of view. The only thing I feel is left over from the original is you get to build♥♥♥♥♥♥with green lazors, yay.Honestly guys, step it up. You left your fans disapointed, not even a good story mode and if im reading it right your tring to sell additional content as micro transactions, for shame.Do not buy, maybe ever sadly. This has been a good lesson to me personally on why you should never, ever, buy unfinished products no matter how amazing the predicesor was."
,Not Recommended,233250,14073537,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Gerdis,"Supposedly finished, actually just a piece of garbage"
76561198044415598,Not Recommended,233250,13551106,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,crumpet,One dimensional half-made RTS.
,Recommended,233250,10773007,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,lmao ayy,"This is possibly the most unique and entertaining strategy game ever. If you are hesistant about buying, because you are afraid that you wont like it because you are coming from FPS, dont be. I have been a strong FPS player for years, and been bored by other RTS's, but not this one. AND its still in Early Access. This is by far the most entertaining RTS game ever,"
,Not Recommended,233250,13645844,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Scorpion,"Very unstable, constantly crashes feels like a waste of money, do not buy until more stable."
76561198060404407,Recommended,233250,10222546,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,DAMMIT RICKY,"this was a great game. its really quite got everything you look for in a strat game.  The battles get intense, you can knock planets around, nukes, bots, tanks, ships.  you get about two hours to be the master of the universe in a round.  incredibly satisfying and has the bang for your buck.  get this game"
,Recommended,233250,12010510,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,j3g,"blowing stuff up, I LOVE IT"
76561198007868334,Recommended,233250,17693955,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Runme,"Do you like RTS game's, space, not picky on graphic's (although these graphics are great considering your fighting  on a whole solar system) or you just want to know what it feels like throwing a planet at somebody. Then this is the game for you. personely i love this game im an oldschool RTS fan and besides the fact that this game dont have the best graphical engine it is a gamechanger. I dont think i have seen any RTS ever with maps or upgrade systems on these scales. I recomende it greatly."
76561198057826708,Not Recommended,233250,14238240,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ChaoX,"Changing my review. Dont buy this, the devs are SUCH DAMN ungrateful ♥♥♥♥apishes. Not only they gave us a game that was supposed to be better for all that kickstarter money, in development stage seriously its more like an early alpha, but they now release a dlc called titans and instead of giving it for free for the game owners, they even require payment for it. Just pirate this game from the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥or a website like that. Its not worth the money no thanks!"
76561198007150043,Recommended,233250,17602771,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,cerealxkillr,LOVE THIS!
,Not Recommended,233250,17620527,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,McRiot,"Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me. I am a huge fan of TA and SupComm. This game is a huge let down, even bought the game for a friend thinking we could play together. After which they attempt to kickstart another game  (which failed), before polishing and meeting expectations with this one. Now they want my money for an expansion pack. OH Pleaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaase! Shoot the horse and move on!This expansion should be free for all the grief they've caused, just look at the amount of negative feedback building up since release. I came to the forums to see if anything has improved, if it was worth shelling out more money for an expansion to a game that I never liked on release. Sad to say that nothing has changed here :("
76561198065914338,Recommended,233250,17714101,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Jack Dubleyu,"Good game.Solid.Every one else seems to hate this.Its pretty good though.The look is really cool and there and endless ways to win.The menu is sorta buggy but aside form that its fine.If you like games like Starcraft, League of Legends or DOta, try this game.Its quite cool.Have fun annihalating everything."
,Not Recommended,233250,15847648,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Ace Candy,"Very laggy, used to be good, a bit too much to manage later in game, and btwDraco is the best ai, because tier 2 rush is the best rush"
76561198003460164,Not Recommended,233250,12105251,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,BattleTree,i bought this crud for 50 bucks on pre purchase played it a few times then gave up and went back to playing a 10 year old game. supreme commander. bad camera bad graphics same old bs multiplayer as most of these rts types.. spam units kill people.. BORING SAME OLD CRAP..  and a dev team that doesnt keep promises.. id pass this up. not many games ever up anyway.
76561197999934493,Not Recommended,233250,12632109,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,The Relentless,"Quick Simple Review.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The goods :*Look like Supreme commander*Epic scale battle*Replay*Big maps and map editor*Many units and buildings (but all the same for everyone)------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The bads :*Glitchs, bugs, crash and incompatibility problems.*There is no story to the game, no factions.*2 ressources*Almost no diplomacy only annihilation.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Score: 6.5/10"
76561197987415186,Not Recommended,233250,10760356,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,//Vashic,bad
76561197970224826,Not Recommended,233250,12091304,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Lego,"Forces you to make a account with some third party company. (And then links it to your steam account with out your concent). Still buggy. Horribly designed. Save your money, just another kickstarter fail. Oh and enjoy waiting while your planets generate for a new battle."
76561197969654816,Not Recommended,233250,12091521,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Bjorn Fjord,"Even in full release, the game has no real tutorial to learn the game. What is offered is a blurry video that you cannot even pause or rewind.  I was willing to accept this in its varios pre-release forms but as a formally released product I am dissappointed.   The game is very complex needs a better tutorial built into the game.  I should not have to go to YouTube to learn the game.  In most RTS games the single player mode will at least get you up to speed for the multiplayer mode.I would not recommend this game to others. and given the chance would spend my money elsewhere."
76561198027872823,Not Recommended,233250,12093715,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,re_run,"This game is just not fun. I've given it a chance and played all of it that I care to. If there was a way to ask for my money back, I would."
,Not Recommended,233250,12013673,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Totalani,"This is very, very dissapointing.."
,Recommended,233250,12002115,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Town of scroll portal,Nice game
76561198059444924,Recommended,233250,11994163,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,SOFUCKINGLONELY,"eh mayne,i can shoot planets at planets, ♥♥♥♥ING BUY NOW"
76561198053470529,Recommended,233250,12004099,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,VisualSponge,"If you have ever played Total Annihilation, you've already played this game.Of course, there are still many improvements and additions, but the game formula is nearly identical.  Multiple planets and orbital units are cool, but like said, there's not a whole lot different from the OG.Don't get me wrong though, it's still a great game."
76561197985281209,Not Recommended,233250,12007166,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Bagga,"After spending the first hour of owning this game, trying to log into Ubernet and registering this game which I bought off of Steam., I finally succeeded, only because on the 5th restart of the game or so, a popup finally decided to pop up and link steam to Ubernet.When playing, I do appreciate the game, but it feels like something is missing so far, I might have missed it but it feels like there are far too few units in the single player campaign at least early on.Also there's the case of always connected to internet-DRM... Which definitely means I cannot recommend this to anyone."
76561198022968555,Recommended,233250,11990851,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,ArcticBlue,"Great game, if you like games where intelligence is the key then this is a game for you (sorry dummies). Great game overall would definatly buy this again if needed!"
76561198072832855,Recommended,233250,17604766,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Bey0nd,Pretty gud
,Recommended,233250,13205955,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Probably A Cop,"Can build limitless units and build the largest, most expensive army that robo-kind has ever seen, then smash the planet they're on into the sun. 10/10"
76561198015108710,Recommended,233250,13206548,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,3rdEye,Recommended ONLY if you buy it on disscount (5-10€)Although developers released it the game is still unfinished but if you catch it on sale for around 5€ it's a really good buy for any Supreme Commander / TA fan.
,Recommended,233250,13209610,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,✪ Mr. ThierryH,"Like the game, its fun to play with friends!"
,Recommended,233250,13209686,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Axirts,"Didn't see all the negative feedback till after I got the game and I was a little worried. There is no tutorial or good explanation of all the mechanics but after a round or two you get the hang of it. Controls are smooth and graphics are great.I got the Digital Deluxe Commander Bundle but to be honest I'm not sure what the different commanders do, or if it's just asthetic. I got the bundle for 10 on sale, The digital deluxe part is meh. Definitely wouldn't spend 50. I'd pick up another for a friend to play with me if it went on sale for 60% or more off again."
76561198062410984,Recommended,233250,13218106,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,mechano14,all of my yes
76561198111274964,Not Recommended,233250,12355367,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Orion,"WORST GAME IN THE WORLD, please dont buy this game i was under the impression this wasa good game i gave my time to it but it was a waste."
76561198008499033,Recommended,233250,17740327,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,omega.male,"I will give a thumbs up in the hopes that it draws the attention of those in charge.I will keep this short, many of the posts included with this game will give you far more detail, I suggest reading them before buying.It has almost been a year since release.  I still enjoy playing, as well as the other's in the Supreme Commander franchise.How dare you release Titans at such an extortionate rate.  What of the fans and supporters who have stuck by you?Lets look also at the ""DLC"" you can buy.  its a joke.This games hosts an excellent RTS concept - but gets stale fast.Working with a team mate to control the same army - GreatI have encountered some bugs - I can get past thatThe big kicker .. lack of individuality.  Then enemy has the same units that you do. The trick is to use the same tools to your advantage.  What happened along the evolutionary path that we forgot this concept.Forged Alliance (Supreme Commander) holds true as one of the best RTS games I have played to date.  I still have hopes for PA, but certain things need to change.And if you think Im spending money on Titans, then you've spent way too much time getting high on the rays leaving your monitor."
76561198015193897,Not Recommended,233250,16949841,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,M.Graph,this game has never worked... doesn't even install properly anymore.. FFS
76561197999041156,Recommended,233250,9355626,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Imb4lanced,I really want my money back ....
76561198082419307,Recommended,233250,16527498,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,the illuminati,need help the screen is so small i cant evan change the settings plz help!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,233250,16533976,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Johnkane46,"On first sight its a very good game, if slighty overwhelming. There is no introduction, although they do have a getting started section which gives you a basic idea of how to build structures and units, and how to keep your commander alive, which is a must as the only way to win is to kill the opposing commander. The best way I can describe this game is, Total Annihilation in 3D, Land, Air, Sea and Space!"
76561198065038551,Recommended,233250,11990693,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Vector,"Great Game. Brilliantly done, Really challenging starting out though.The one reason i dont play it very often is because its SUPER laggy! For me at least."
76561198018093746,Not Recommended,233250,11942528,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,KindaSortaButNotReallyFishy,Afer latest updated UI crashes on start up menu!
,Recommended,233250,13047596,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Chicken,Yeah i like this game it is the best rts ive played the only problem is that it crashes easily for me when it did not crash i really liked it buy it but make sure you have windows 8 [:
,Not Recommended,233250,13199841,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Solocitizen,"I want to love this game, but I can't. The art work is great, the feel and scope of the game is unparalleled, and the way resources and tech is handled is unique and refreshing. But so far, it's content is rather superficial for the price I paid for it (I bought it while it was still in Gamma, remember that? The devs needed money to finish the game when they were in the final stretch so they released it in something called ""Gamma Stage"" summer of 2014) and it doesn't seem that too much has been added or improved since then. The fundamental problems this game had that made it such a monotonous experience were never corrected, even after the devs declared it done. On hard mode or higher in the campaign, most of the games you'll get into feel entirely the same, that each one is a long winded battle of attritution against an AI opponent who's constantly stalemating you, but never actually losing or winning. Super weapons don't end stalemates quick enough and there's a sense of pacing (when to build orbital launchers, when to build the second, when to build advanced factories) that if you don't follow, the game results in--not defeat or an unorthodox victory--but in a draw. I'd recommend trying it if you see it on sale for like 5-10 dollars, but don't pay full price for it like I did."
76561197983590470,Not Recommended,233250,15664315,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Dobson Minister of  Asswhoppins,"I had hope, but then I played the game."
,Recommended,233250,12698529,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Shu,"Such wow vei destructSeriously, one of the best games I have seen recently.The unusual approach to the micro- and macrogaming and of course the great features of destroying planets and stuff"
,Not Recommended,233250,11040928,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Eldenhor,Money wasting.
76561198044846822,Not Recommended,233250,13322148,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,holmestyles,Titans should have been an update. All i do is buy games. These developers have just lost a steady stream of income.
,Recommended,233250,12713559,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,SneakyFlamingy,Shot a laser into a moon that was flying towards me while my commander was bombarded from orbit of a gas giant..8/10
,Recommended,233250,10224950,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Derpy,xxLAGZxx
,Recommended,233250,13199069,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Davvad,Pretty fun game that has made vast improvements since I first played it. A refreshing style of gameplay that quickly grows in scale. The only downside is how akward it is to send troops to another planet. the transport ships are akward slow2 and defensless. transporting a worker to build a teleported is a better idea but never works against a computer planet.
76561198096833079,Recommended,233250,12808340,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Birrihappyface,"Hey, just wanted to write a review for probably the best RTS I have ever played. Great game concept. Spray metal onto a foundation and make a nuke. LOGIC. No real storyline other than ""Kill everyone else"". That's all the storyline I need. I got four (maybe five) of my friends to get this amazing game. You will win, you will lose, but seriously, you will lose. and die. and lose more. and repeat words that have the exact same definition and not care. and be murdered. and get that one kill. and then be killed by the vengeful teamates that one guy had. then get sniped. then snipe. then fail at sniping. then load 30 unit cannons with boom bots. 10/10 would load 30 unit cannons with boom bots and fire at enemy commander again."
76561198057279686,Recommended,233250,16054760,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,RistoRaitis&420hehtaarinmetsä,"What's better feeling than destroying planets? Yeah, no one knows.."
,Recommended,233250,15893536,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,bmg50barrett,ITS OVER 9000!
,Recommended,233250,15803483,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,GoodLookTV,Crash Simulator 2014
76561198058122856,Not Recommended,233250,15846401,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Woke Man,plain♥♥♥♥♥
76561198095513772,Recommended,233250,16715110,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Phelepe,"i forgot my password for playfab and i cant change it... i have confirmed my email and all that stuff but it keeps on taking me to make a new account, i have copied and pasted it to but that doesnt work eather... plz help"
,Recommended,233250,17834766,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Beast builds another PC,MOON + PLANET = well dead enemy if you wantBEST PART IS THE FREAKING DEATH STAR DAT SOME OP SHIZ
,Recommended,233250,17806162,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Weenie,10/10
76561198098177244,Not Recommended,233250,17620373,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,tPagen,Get PA: Titans. It's the exact same game with more content.
,Recommended,233250,17632188,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Suckboy Yumyum 306,"The game is good, but it definitely needs work, and if you choose to participate you must be patient and wait, the devs are greedy, or strapped for cash, theyre lazy, or there arent enouhg members, there is a lot going on, and with Uber's new release of PA: Titans, the♥♥♥♥♥♥really hits the fan, if you can spare the cash i say do it, its fun and has great multiplayer, if you can deal with having Titans be standalone, then get it standalone, if you want to wait for people to calm down and for Uber to make its next move, then do it, but in the end you should add the game and its (perhaps not) children."
76561198136084835,Recommended,233250,17635040,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,I love you,I have played this game for hours and still have more fun every time I play it. This is a great game for playing with your friends.
76561198120695891,Not Recommended,233250,13355531,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Alien 480,"This game is too hard to even understand. there are NO tutorials to learn from at all so the ai and other players KNOWING eveything will beat you to death in about 5 minutes but heres the basics it consists of two resources metal and power, you always have to increase the amount of storage you have like power is a PHYSICAL OBJECT!!!! the resources are scarce for you very few and far between deposits, youll need about 9 to start the game and a planet consists of around 20 the ai will usually take 15-18 of them in the first 5 minutes oh and the ai has unlimited resources. i had a guy backed into a corner with 0 metal extractors and he continued to build units at an alarming rate for another 20 minutes of the game. the ai can basically cheat managing 50 units split between 3 planets attacking you on ALL fronts at the same exact time. the ai also knows how to use the super weapons like if he builds a nuke platform on planet A and youre on C he can still hit you somehow but if you build it there is no instruction or even attack button to use the damn thing. the ai has WAYYY more manuverability to start the game and they will also start on whatever planet you start on sometimes even start on a planet that has 1 spawn point AND YOU PICK IT he will STILL show up on it in 2 minutes. in a game of 15 planets 1 on 1 he chose the same planet as me and air rushed the game to 15 minutes. they ai will always rush you and make you waste time rebuilding everything destroyed since everything cannot take more than a wiffle ball hit before dying. there are WAY too many units, basically you have to build units to build other units which is stupid not a tech tree but a timing of who can put out the unit building guys first wins as to numerous and weak orshallow numbers and tough tech tree system EVERY RTS USES. i come from playing a long line of rts games like command and conquer, company of heroes, stronghold crusader, and starcraft. this game has an amazing concept but its soo poorly executed, it comes down to terrible resource system, terrible ai programming, no tutorials to even learn the game or how it works, and terrible unit variation. so in turn its a 4/10"
,Recommended,233250,9325572,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,QuickHead555,"If you like RTS games, then you will love this one. It the ability to travel to other planets and even SMASHING planets make this game EVEN better! So if you like the RTS games, you should get this!But as a reminder, this is not complete and has bugs."
76561198163063638,Recommended,233250,17831761,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,GUN-M11,If you like large scail startagy games which allows you destroy the enemy in any way/ then this game if great!!!!I love the music even thought others would profer none or dubstep XD. Its great fun with a good AI and map designer.However the AI types are not that kind with new players and the time for maps to load can take ages.other all it's a bloody good game but planetary annihlation titens it much better!
,Recommended,233250,15186671,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Askeladd,One of the best strategy games I've ever played in the last months. I recommend it wholeheartedly to all lovers of the genre. i love the attractive graphics of the game!
,Recommended,233250,15281377,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,gksports,"If you like any RTS or strategy games, this is the game for you.  The gameplay is like Supreme Commander 2 on steroids with a side of cocain.  You can even crash planets into other planets, who wouldnt want to do that?  Best RTS out there right now.10/10 Would Planet Smash you."
,Recommended,233250,15325665,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,a-can-o-beans,This is what a good polished RTS game can be like. If you liked Total Annihilation you will fall in love with this game.
76561198041503001,Recommended,233250,15400782,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,seanthedon12,"Love this game, dont see what peoples problems are? happliy play this for hours and hours and hours."
76561198079821152,Recommended,233250,14992457,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Mana,"If this game were a potato, it would be a good potato"
,Recommended,233250,13947629,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,The Saint (OMS),"A great game, though it does feel like it rips off several other games in the RTS genre.  The login/friend system is notoriously buggy, and the game itself will overload all but the highest-end computers - some serious drawbacks for a burgeoning commuity.  Overall, I give it a 7/10 rating, with necessary improvements still needing to be made (though it is in beta, so I expect most issues to be resolved).  Excellent gameplay, especially with friends."
,Recommended,233250,13957851,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Diaboy,"Very enjoyable.Personally, one of the features I think really make it (and, indeed, is one of the major selling points) is the spherical fighting environment. It's a very fresh way to play a strategy game as it breaks away from typical square maps, which leads to some more interesting tactical choices during play. At first I was concerned only being able to see part of the map per planet would be a pain, however in reality map navigation is quick, and camera anchor points can be set up making switching views and keeping overwatch very easy.The units are nicely detailed in their own particular art style that do not feel obtrusive, and visually the effects look great. Seeing planets fly past in the sky with battles of their own happening on their surfaces is quite exhilarating - as can be said for smashing a moon on to the heads of your opponents.The pace of the game is much faster than that of TA or SupCom, take that as you will, and while they are in the same vein I would be cautious drawing too many parallels.The game is constantly being updated with new features being added all the time, and while there are some areas that do need more polish, the developers have been very communicative on their forums and I am in no doubt that the game will further improve over the coming months. It's very community oriented and it's a great thing to be part of.The matchmaking is pretty good at picking out your skill level as well, and there are a good spread of player skill ranges right now making for a pleasant experience.In terms of requirements, the game is fairly demanding -  loading games/systems initially can be slow (my computer is approximately 6 years old, for reference) but the graphics settings do accommodate for this and with some minor tweaks I found gameplay to be smooth. While possible to play with 4 gigs of RAM, I would advise more.As an added bonus, the game is also very easy to customise, with many mods and so on for those who like to add units or utilities to the vanilla game (caution has been held during the process of setting this up to avoid abuse, thankfully).In terms of single player provisions, the Galactic War mode is enjoyable, challenging but fairly basic. The game saves between battles in this mode, but it is not currently possible to save mid-game - this is something I am told the devs are working to add. However, if you prefer RTS scripted campaigns/storylines and cannot be swayed to try multiplayer, I would recommend looking elsewhere - the emphasis here is on multiplayer games.All in all, I am thoroughly enjoying it and am really looking forward to see what is added next."
,Recommended,233250,14553834,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Decoy_Gibus,Planets are too expensive to destroy0/10
,Recommended,233250,15195542,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Genknox,The true successor to supreme commander FA Huge fights with masses of units clobbering planets with nukes ... or other planets makes for great fun 10/10
,Recommended,233250,15399944,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Angryduck,The illuminati10/10
,Recommended,233250,15490416,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,ToxicSh0ckWave,"This is a great RTS game.It doesnt realy feel like an early access game in features.Pros:1: No unit cap (Makes the game feel more enjoyable and less limited.)2: Plenty of units and commanders to choose from3: You can harness the true power of metal planets4: You can crash moons into other moons or planets5: Sound effects are pleasant6: Galaxy War mode is a great challenge7: There is a sandbox mode8: AI is customizable (Excluding the commander)9: Matches can go for 30 minutes to an hour or even more. (The way an RTS game should be.)10: Nukes along with anti nukes11: Orbital units (Death from above.)12: Travel to other planets.13: Teleporters (Really helpful)14: System editor (Create your own solar system.)15: Building units can actually fight back! (In a matter of speaking. They can deconstruct enemy units and buildings xD)16: Protective walls. (Low in cost and great for protecting turrets.)17: Advanced factories (Build advanced and far superior versions of the original units)18: Cover system (Destroyed buildings and any other obstacle provide temporary cover for your units.)19: Radars. (Instead of being hit in the blind spot like most RTS games you can actually counter attack raids instead of winging it.)20: Sea based combat. (Find yourself stuck on a seaworld with almost no land? Build sea units and defences!)Cons:1: Sometimes the ""Start Annihlation"" button doesnt pop up at the beginning of a match2: System editor crashed when trying to make massive planets and resource deposits.10/10I could play this for hours.Don't listen to these negative reviews. Most of them are from impatience. Let the devs take the time to make a PLAYABLE GAME instead of pumping out buggy updates daily or weekly."
76561198051516166,Recommended,233250,15876710,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,bengis,"Very enjoyable. What's not to like about crashing planets into eachother!?There should be an option to fly planets into the sun, hopefully that can be added!"
76561198149809962,Recommended,233250,16068306,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Zerccies,i got this game because i have played total annihilation which i still like better had alot more mods but this game i recomend is 1 if you have played total annihilation then play this it is alot of fun i played with my brother and fought 4 computers and i saw somthing in the shadows and 4 nukes came on both sides turns out the computers teamed on my brother and me and all we had was my comander my brother leaves the room barley alive i send my comander to a diff planet but yellow was on the planet my comander dies due to 100 bombers he killed 90 last 10 finished me
76561198147183295,Recommended,233250,14553889,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Razekiller,This game is amazing I love it the large scale battles are cool if you know what you are doing especially if you have nukes or the Ahhnilaser ------->I LOVE IT<--------
76561198114932766,Recommended,233250,16906188,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,rnieves15,Awesome gameWas on my last battle in the galactic war.My subcommander was on a different moon and spotted two enemy commanders.I fired 2 nuclear missiles on to the base without direct vision on them.Hit them with the blast.Instantly 3 huge mushrooms cloudsLaughed a little.Awesome time.
76561198013878464,Recommended,233250,16937570,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,BobChaos,"I paid a lot of money for early access on this, and it was worth EVERY PENNY! I've played it so much by now I probably owe Uber money XDA worthy successor to the original Supreme Commander, this RTS is about strategy, not tactics. You won't win because you got mad twitch skill, you won't be wasting time going for the ""last hit"" DOTA style. You've got more than 3 tiny corridors to worry about. You have a solar system to conquer! You'll need brains to secure victory, much more so than mouse and keyboard skills.You may have read other reviews telling you ""this game is dumb, its all about mass unit"" or ""terrain doesn't matter"" or something such. That guy needs to go read some basic tutorials (conveniently available on the game's main UI). Mass units is what slightly better-than-noobs do while they figure out more advanced strategies and work their way to the top of the PA food chain. Do yourself a favor, go watch some high level play on youtube or eXodus eSport. Check out some tournament 1v1. You won't see that level of strategy in Starcraft, it just doesn't have the epic scale of PA. You'll be wondering if those guys might not be sentient AIs!This game will test your attention span like nothing else. Can you command effectively on 3 planets at once? If not, where will you focus? You won't find that perfect strategy that you can just repeat every game. It doesn't exist. Whatever your master plan, your opponent will screw with you, force you to adapt and change your plans constantly until one game you find yourself on the other end of things, making the enemy dance to your tune as you cackle maniacally at your multiple evil plans unfolding simultaneously across the system.Sure, the learning curve is a bit harsher than other RTS, but there's plenty of resources to help get competitive fast. The chronocam feature is a great example: got stomped? Rewind the game and go see why! Early on, you'll probably realize you had 5 factories to his 30, but after a few games, you'll catch up and start seeing the finer details.I've heard complains that not having factions was an issue. I call BS on that! Everyone's playing with the same deck of card so nothing's ever OP. In the Olympics you don't get a choice of 3 javelins, everyone throws an identical one. RTS should be the same.If you're more of a solo player, Galactic War's got you covered. You'll be going through a randomly generated system against AIs that get smarter and more numerous the deeper you delve into their systems. It's a great way to learn the game and is lots of fun on its own. A recent patch allows you to rewind the game and play from there, so you can play out those ""what if"" scenarios and see if you might have snatched victory had you played differently.SupCom fans, I know, we're all disappointed there's no shields and no experimentals, but don't let it discourage you! The super-weapons more than adequately replace experimentals. It doesn't get there very often in high level games, but ending the war by smashing a planet into the enemy or turning the entire solar system into dust with giant space lasers is more satisfying than anything you've ever done in any RTS ever. Who wants to strap lasers to a giant spider robot when he could be strapping them on a Death Star?Finally we have a great community. Lots of modders preparing all sorts of goodies, active map makers, community active dev team, etc. Some community members even host private servers where we can have 40 player FFAs (The chaos! The mayhem! :D ) or some insane 20 VS 20 action. If you ever wanted to see what 10000 assorted tanks and murder-bots pouring through a teleporter like liquid death looks like, buy this game and join the party!"
76561198076067250,Recommended,233250,17017490,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Teal_Gummybear,Game is so beautiful it makes me want to cry.10.5/10 -IGN
,Recommended,233250,17046370,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,HeavenlySix62,"Very good game, I love all the bots and all of it. 20 out of 10! :D and yes I know I have barely played but its because I play it on laptop and my laptop is crappy btu soon I will have better computer and be able to play more :D"
,Recommended,233250,16853846,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,mmrk,The game use to be unplayable because of the bugs. With all the updates that this game has seen its much better! One of my fav gamaes right now. Highly recommend.
76561197997487427,Recommended,233250,16945521,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,JonnyBoy,I played this game when it was in early access and really didn't enjoy it. My roommate got me to play it again recently and most of the bugs have been fixed. Navigating the camera from planet to planet and also around a planet can be a little disorienting. Once you get used to it the game is very good. Its a faster crazy version of Total Annihilation.
,Recommended,233250,16531978,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Travoos,"I got this game without even looking at the fact that it's a RTS. I don't even like RTS games. I just saw it, thought ""cool planet killing smash boom lasers"", and decided I needed to have it. Now I have a RTS game I enjoy. I haven't seriously played a RTS game since 2008, and I'm so bad at this game, but yes, planet killing smash boom lasers. I wish it had an easy difficulty so I could planet smash and laser boom more often though.In all seriousness though, I wouldn't pay $30 for it, but the sales on this thing have been insane, I'd say it's totally worth it at 50% off or more. It's definitely better than a generic space planet game. And as I said, RTS isn't even my thing."
,Recommended,233250,16913019,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,PingPongDingDong,Great game if you're into RTS games that are pretty widely open ended when it comes to victory paths. Multiplayer community is still a bit small but it is growing. 9/10 buy this game.
76561198123110565,Recommended,233250,16945722,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Jigglypuff,"I would recommend this game, but not to those new to the rts combat strategy games. the art style looks great, the mechanics work well in my opninion. Hard to get the hang of at first.would say that in it's current state it's a bit pricy."
,Recommended,233250,16968693,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,blainedeshotel188,IT'S GREAT!
76561198060892047,Recommended,233250,17019201,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Mexn1,All the negative reviews seem to be before the release.I bought the game after the release and I like it very much.
76561198121299515,Recommended,233250,17036253,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Speedy Gonzales,"Fun,Intresting,30-60 fps on a crappy laptop. Good for all of ye."
76561198181016433,Recommended,233250,17114258,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Ya Boi Mao,i love this game and have put many hours of strategical play into it. P A is one of those games that takes a miniute to learn and a couple years to master.
,Recommended,233250,17126754,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,TopAce6,"Fantastic game, one of The best Modern RTS.Uberent has really made a colossal amount of improvements and fixes to the game with no signs of slowing down."
76561198035675088,Recommended,233250,17147958,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Krefen,Me and my freind were playing aginst two ai and we left our planet for what is basicly a death star we fortified it and the ai could do nothing as we decimated them great game we went on a harder difficulty and lost within 10 minutes yeaaaaa the ai is relentless on harder levels but the games awsome worth the money and by the way Ennemy Commander Detected
76561198139674447,Recommended,233250,17165064,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,FreakOfNatureBobbyHill,"This game is amazing! good ghrapics, gameplay, and swag, 8/8 m8 IGN rate like skyrim but with guns"
76561197975902224,Recommended,233250,17378734,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Prince Charming,Fantastic!
76561197969879815,Recommended,233250,17389330,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Mibman Mehr,Nice Fast paced RTS would buy again!
76561198023557465,Recommended,233250,17623639,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,ShadowWarrior27,This game is great. But some notes are that if your computer can't handle it... then don't buy the game! It's terrible if it lags. Also it is infuryating that uber released a standalone expansion after this game. I will say there is nothing wrong with   Planetary Annihilation: Titans being stand alone. It is just that it should be different. The two games are so similar that they probably should have made some short of compansation other than just a sale. The games however are so good I'd forgive them though.Now if you want the short story. Great game. Look into buying Planetary Annhilation: TITANS first (so not to be ripped off... possibly).
76561198104207942,Not Recommended,233250,12383190,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,"........low,,,,...TiER.......GOD","Don't misunderstand what I'm about to say here, I will still play this game. I will still enjoy it, but for small bursts at a time. Much like DayZ. But do you know what makes DayZ and PA different? Potential. There is no potential here, and Uber knows it. These devs already started their new game, Human Resources. I was promised by these same devs a massive RTS, colonizing and warfare of solar systems. The planets here are hardly planets. You are colonizing a sphere, which you can cross in under 2 minutes. Not as massive as they promised us, but too late now! Save your money."
,Recommended,233250,9374955,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Trioxide,"Holy crap this game is awesome.This is my very first RTS game I have ever played and I liked it. At first, the controls were weird for a first time RTSer, but I got the hang of it in an hour.If you're thinking about buying this, do it."
,Recommended,233250,15658468,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,☛BigSleazy☚,"Nice explosions, needs more planet-to-planet stuff though."
76561197998228290,Not Recommended,233250,14071494,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,«- Flippie_X -»,"I bought the game in a steam sale and I still think it wasn't worth the money. There are so many things wrong with the game, that it simply restricts playing the game properly. The massive battles and the new features certainly give you the feeling that we are making the next step in the total annihilation/supreme commander ladder. Lasers, smashing planets, spherical maps, it all seems very new and innovative.However there are some bugs and simple features that hasn't been fixed/integrated. A major bug for example is that the anti-nuke system can fail (and I am not talking about that one anti-nuke silo has to fend off multiple nukes, I am talking about that you have one of more anti-nukes ready and a single nuke is fired upon your base). Imagine, you build a beautifull base with several anti-nukes, everything is economically fine and you are enjoying your wealth. A nuke is fired, but you are not worried (you have anti-nukes) and suddenly you lost the game, cause the nuke managed to impact on your commander who stood next to an anti-nuke silo. Seems rage-quit worthy.Furthermore it is not possible in the skirmish setup to exclude some units or structures. A failing nuke-system would not be so bad if it was possible to exclude game-enders in the setup. This well-liked feature from previous games has somehow vanished. A playable tutorial would have been nice, since you are clueless at the start what the difference is between some units. There are some tutorial movies, you can watch, but it practically comes down to a self-made tutorial in skirmish, since these movies aren't that helpfull.And last but not least, and I cannot believe that this is true. But the game DOES NOT HAVE A SAVE FUNCTION. You have massive battles, huge maps, tremendous amounts of units and tactics. It ensures games can take a long time. But it is not possible to save a game, when you are ingame, neither in the campaign nor skirmisch battles. The only save is possible is in the campaign between two 'missions'.  Little time? Trying to do a quick run? but the AI forsees your tactic and lengthens up the game, too bad, you have to surrender or be late for work. Unbelievable!"
,Not Recommended,233250,14074325,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Croissant,"I had previously reviewed this game negatively, and decided to come back after letting the game sit to see if it would improve any. Unfortunately, I can’t say it has. I’ll write my main points, if you wish to dispute them; I’m always ready to change my mind given solid facts.The Good:-The music is Iconic as ever-The visuals are very pleasing and stray from the gritty overload we have today from AAA-They added the idle feature, which is nice for long term efficiency-They made walls far more pleasing to look at and they fit the universe far better now-The “Building a massive freaking army and literally marching over your enemy” doesn’t get old fast.The Bad:-“Building a massive freaking army and literally marching over your enemy” will get old eventually, and it’s a sad day when it does-Single player is still lacking very much, it lacks motive, it lacks campaign map difficulty, and it lacks optimization in both processing and visuals-Much of the menus lack serious optimization, I lag less in game-Space is too uninteresting; I feel no real need to build a massive space army beyond to counter other army’s-The planets are lifeless rocks; they don’t present anything really interesting beyond some cool visuals. The planets just don’t have enough variation to mix up gameplay and sometimes I would feel better off just having a grey ball with nothing obscuring my strategyThe Potential:-Planets really only need one or two changes to them to give them more of tactical edges (Such as lava planets maybe can’t have aircraft due to the ash in the air, or have higher terrain that gives a buff in both sight and range)-Human ruins would be easy to make and spice up the gameplay, not to mention they could be a plot tool to push a story about humanity’s end (because I want to know what happened)-Units are not hard to come up within terms of creativity; they are just hard to balance. So it’s more of a time investment rather than a money investment. This is turn means that they can add more specialized units that players can branch into to claim their playstyle (air, space land, sea, etc.)Those were just general points that I had observed while playing this game for a second time. Once again, given facts, I have no problem changing my opinion, as well as the experience will change person to person, so feel free to try this game if you have nothing better to spend your cash on."
76561198065163308,Recommended,233250,13408969,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Kefka,"Literally, the best RTS game of it's time. Very well ballanced and thought out, amazing at all angles, and I would reccomend this to everyone. You gotta own this game."
,Not Recommended,233250,13330452,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Poundcake,"This game is just not fun. It takes a long time to feel engaged or actually make something happen. UI is not exactly straight forward, and the game provides little or no guidance as to how to play. For a new player, it pretty much means you are on your own to figure it out. In a large universe, it becomes quickly overwhelming.I personally feel like the game looked great and had ok reviews. This is one game that I would say I was tricked into buying, and I would honestly like my money back. I honestly surprised there aren’t more negative reviews. If there were, I would have definitely not purchased this game."
76561198086219777,Recommended,233250,16177847,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,HajoBo,"Great RTS Strategy. It's almost like starcraft had a child, and then proceeded to give it top quality steroids. Massive battles, not for the faint of heart."
76561198182292187,Recommended,233250,16254474,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Synth-Weeb,Me vs. 3 enemy commanders. Blew away one with nukes. Smashed a moon into another. Killed the last with a death star. 10/10 best game ever.
,Recommended,233250,16273381,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Happy2Death,"It's a good game, no idea why people complain about it. It's very unique and fun to play."
,Recommended,233250,16182135,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Nickorator,"RTS based in a universe of only machines, interplanetary gameplay bringing strategy to a whole new level.Side Note: Blew up a solar system using a death star like planet, 11/10."
,Recommended,233250,15456928,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Rin,LOVE IT SO MUCH!!!!
76561198127053452,Recommended,233250,15066700,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,LCoyote,i love this game a ton if u love blowing stuff up and having battles with online people and have some time than this is a perfect game my only complaint is it has not been loading up it keeps crashing but its a great game and i recommend this game
76561198108633653,Recommended,233250,16884815,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,TrumpHasOurJobs,"Ok, I spent an hour trying to get a moon to crash into a planet. But when the moon hit the planet, the game crashed.11/10 would spend an hour to crash my game again."
76561198091139816,Recommended,233250,16904603,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Dwarf Killer,"I dont know if it is the infinite unit cap or planetary war far or just how easy it is to build a army of 500 tanks,but this game it good"
76561198061870550,Recommended,233250,17056069,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Benkinz99,"So me and my brother got this during the summer sale for 8 bucks. Didnt think much of it until we did a team armys battle against an AI (neither of us were very good at RTS and so we got destroyed on 1v1s). We ended up waging a hour long battle that ended with a nuke. From then on we did more battles, some ending in nukes, others in planet smashing. At one point we even managed to get an annahialazor. We had so much fun with this game and are slowly improving. By the way make no mistake, the AI in this game are brutal, the diffuculty going from idle (non-moving AI), to a AI that I almost always lose too. and that is the second lowest of 4 difficultys. How you play against higher difficultys I will never know, but the difficulty means this is not a game to take lightly. There is no sitting back and slowly expanding, you have to be hyper aggressive and constanantly active or else your opponent is a step ahead of you and blowing up half your♥♥♥♥♥♥ That said, this game is extremely addictive and very fun. I would recommend it to anyone that will rise to the challange."
76561198079061535,Recommended,233250,17096824,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Tomahawk,Must Buy.
,Recommended,233250,17100807,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,RJSWalker,"Need to micro manage like a pro.AI OP sometimes.Benefits:Everything ExplodesI MEAN U CAN BLOW UP PLANETS WITH LAZERS, NUKES AND ASTEROIDS.:D"
76561198024589732,Recommended,233250,17169786,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,^Kevin^,"This game has a laerning curve, with alot of ways to win or lose.  You need to focus on both offense and defense, and as you learn more on offenses that work, you also learn what defends against those type of attacks, helping you to survive better.  This game takes some effort to learn and extremely hard to master.  People can get extremely competitive.  If you are into RTS games, don't pass this one by.  It has unique and fun elements."
,Recommended,233250,15859399,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Coldjoker,I think it is a amazingly fun game to play with your friends and family.
76561198030932154,Recommended,233250,16325260,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Xlende,"Great game, Easy to play hard too master, excellent replay value and so much fun with friends :D"
76561198054941021,Recommended,233250,17080772,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,flycf,This game is awsom once you understand how to play.......
,Recommended,233250,16268915,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,SabreMogDawg,"Its like the Nazi German blitzkrieg tactics, too many tanks and too many planes10/10 would cause another robot genocide"
76561198066514919,Recommended,233250,16806653,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,venegasluui,Great game. I'm not sure I'd pay 30 bucks as I bought it for steam sale but it is a great game nonetheless. You might get annoyed at first specially if you're new to RTS's but just keep at it. The Galactic War is awesome and I've yet to play online so I'll have to try that some time soon.
76561197995285820,Recommended,233250,16983106,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,isla,"While still in the development stages and lacking some polish as a result, this game is surprisingly deep. The orbital mechanics add a third dimension to the traditional RTS that really forces one to think and maneuver in new and exciting ways.The built in map maker is also super awesome, if a bit odd at first."
76561198056439144,Recommended,233250,17368445,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Galounours,A game where you can blow up planets WITH planets ?What more do you need to know ?
76561198091509878,Recommended,233250,15513533,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,ViPrAx,I wrote a review a while ago about how frustrated I was with this game just not working. Well I am happy to say that finally they fixed whatever was wrong that made it not work on my computer. Thanks Uber. I woud definately recomend it now to anyone. Especially if you like supreme commender or supreme commander 2.
,Recommended,233250,15843278,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Robert,"With the current build it went from an ok game to a brilliant game. This game is super fun, kind of like a fast paced arcade styled supreme commander. If you've ever wanted to crash a moon into a planet, this is the way to do it."
,Recommended,233250,15885912,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,不知火舞,"This game is awesome, just that there is one problem! NOT MANY PLAYERS! buy it, it is simply awesome"
,Recommended,233250,9336338,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Cryptoman13,"EDIT 9/13/14:Uber can't be serious with this. This game is NOWHERE Close to finishing this game. It is buggy, laggy, and missing some features. Though the game is still immensely enjoyable, I can't reccomend it in it's current state. Give it a month or two, then maybe you should buy it, IF it is fixed. I'm sorry but it's much too early to come out of early access.March 3, 2014- POSITIVEPlanetary Annihilation is an unfinished game. Bugs riddle the game and balancing still needs to be done along with adding more content. That said, this game already has an enormous amount of content to staisfy you for a LONG time. My biggest problem with the game so far is the lack of a save button, and if it bothers you, the lag. The game lags a bit on medium (still looks really good) on my GTX 560 TI. The AI rushes you before you have time to react even on easy, but once you play (and lose) a couple of games, you get used to it and you pick up speed and devise new strategy. In the beginning you will basically only be defneding by setting up walls around your settlement and placing lots of cannons on the inside to shoot outwards while keeping your walls in perfect shape using your fabrication (object placing) bots. I have still not seen much of the orbital combat (it's a little clunky at the moment), but when I manage to get off my planet when i'm overun and escape to a nearby moon, and build up a fleet larger than every army put together on earth now, I think i'll be immensely proud, and you will too. But the best part is launching moons into each other, and DESTROYING them! If only there were asteroid belts to play with...I was VERY worried about buying this for it's large price even on sale, it's safe to say that I am really happy with my purchase, and don't regret it at all. If you are a Total War fan, or a fan of any strategy game (Civilization, Europa Universalis IV, etc.) I am extremely confident you will enjoy this game immensely.It'll only get better, right?tl;dr: BUY IT."
76561198040578917,Recommended,233250,17763592,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,kingfisher96,"To be completely honest, reading some of the other reviews and owning and playing the game myself, this is just one of those games you will enjoy or you will not. For me personally, this game is great, I really enjoy it, I don't think I've found another game that does combat on such a massive scale before, literally I sometimes can't keep up with the entire solar system sometimes in late game, and that, unfortunately can lead to you recieving a warning that a moon is on an impact course with your planet (never a good sight). Until a recent update naval units were very situational and often of no use, but since the update they now have a purpose, and really the only thing that I don't like about this game is how hard some of the campaign missions are. There is one where I believe it is you vs 3 A.I. and if they beat you, you have to restart. At least, that's how it was last time I played. It is possible to beat them, but very difficult, and that's not entirely a bad thing, this game takes a little bit to master and get the hang of, and there are a million ways to play as well. I've had nuclear standoffs, I've had times where I evacuated to the moon of the planet I came from and built a defense grid on the moon, just to come back to my planet with 200+ guys via teleporter, I've been on the brink of losing just to win it all with a satalite kill group. Long story short, if you think you might like this game, chances are you won't be dissapointed, because there are a million ways to play."
76561198055207573,Recommended,233250,17729652,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,ThePyrome,Awesome RTS. Reck Anuses with planetary lasers and halley-propelled moons.
76561198036852456,Recommended,233250,17732174,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Alpaca Overlord,"You were playing FIFA, NBA 2K, or doing whatever else with your friend, and for some reason you come upon a violent urge to beat him senseless despite friendship, that will be the time to play this game. Why beat someone senseless when you can send an army of robots to crush him? Better yet send a bunch of satellites and make it rain? Better yet crush him with a bloody asteroid? Or go old school and deathstar his♥♥♥♥♥Get this game mainly because:- You really just want to have some fun with your friend- You really just want to see things blow up after math homework- You really just want to see things blow upMultiplayer with subpar internet may be a bit glitchy, but once the game starts there isn't any significant bugs, that I can discern.9/10 because I can finally ride my silly brother down with a goddamned planet."
,Recommended,233250,10232078,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Supa Hot Fire,"Dont let the looks of this game fool you, this game is probably one of the best games i have played. At first i thought the game was gonna be a really boring game i watched videos and videos were  boring i finally bought the game because a friend recommended it to me and i have to say dont judge a game by its screenshots or videos. Once i got in the game i immeadiately fell in love with it. The Ai and graphics are really good and overall the gameplay is really good if you are one of the space and sci-fi kind of gamers then this is your type of game!!!Gamers Enjoy!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,233250,10746531,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Tobby,"Massive esport style game with fast pace, not really the think and plan style we love from Red Alert or age of empires.I did not like it, but I assume some SC or Dota esport gamers would love it in the future."
76561198048663192,Not Recommended,233250,13424285,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,ligaliz200,"Game launch bad crashing bugs and ""Uber Entertainment"" took sweet time fixing.Now i don't know what to think of this, ""game"" Annihilation is awesome for 80% off, but ""Planetary Annihilation"" painfully average. This make me nostalgic for old rts games, but this game have cool mass distraction weapons, Will get old after ten or twenty times.-DOUBLE ACCOUNT!-FIXES GAME BUGS !-MICRO TRANSACTION TO!"
,Recommended,233250,12006385,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Djcody80,"The Games AI need to be fixing. Its just keeps building units and doesnt use them, which drops the frame rate and slows down game play. The game should not be released yet. Also when destroying a planet, some of the assets on the planet do get destroyed. This could be a update issue not deleting  the tranform with the colliders. so what left is  none usable buildings with no colliders and most likey the planets mesh renderer being destoyed but planets collider is still. there.  This can be seen when using the Annihilazer,Nukes, when planets collied."
,Recommended,233250,10968805,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Sub'N,Games like Kerbal space program involve getting into space and to the moon. Games like Starcraft involve outplaying your enemy.Planetary Annihilation involves ouplaying your enemies by getting to the moon then bringing it back on their base.
76561198047595521,Recommended,233250,17646296,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Lenny,i saw the planetary annihilation titans why could it be an update instead of another buggy game like please only what the planetary annihilation titans do is to put in some new units like WTF! i recommend this game though!
,Not Recommended,233250,13949785,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Blaze,"Totally not worth 30€First of all, the games takes 5gb of RAM. In case you do not have more than 5gb then you dont have 8gb ram you should not buy this.The game cost actually (13/01/15) 27'99€. It is not stated that it is on beta, so we must assume this is the final game. It has 2 tiers only so it is easy to see everything in the game within 2-3 hours of gameplay. Is it worth 30€?Nope.aviI seriously do not recommend buying this game. It is short, repetitive and it is so much like Supreme Commander. If you like this kind of game, try Supreme Commander or C&C Generals, which are probably worth their prices."
,Recommended,233250,11991336,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,ayyyyyLEX,its allrate
76561197962258886,Not Recommended,233250,10242817,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,moo5003,"Still very buggy, not worth early access.  Wait and see imo."
,Not Recommended,233250,10285187,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,George W. Kush,"Bought this in ""Gamma"" stage at $30. This game needs lots of work. There are virtually no bugs/gliches, but the game is as basic as it gets. The tech-tree system is totally randomized so there's very little options in playing it according to your own strengths. Units and buildings have the armor of paper mache and the animations of a browser game.  AI doesn't seem too bright and the planets are so small your base will start to creep onto the enemies within 20 minutes of starting a game.I'm hopeful this game will improve drastically, but until then avoid it.UPDATE 9-10-14: They just ""updated"" this to the official launch - whatever that means. Anyway, I'm not sure what they changed but this game now freezes regularly and requires an internet connection to play. I can only get it to run on low settings despite having a respectable rig. Not sure what they're doing, but I don't like it. AI seems slightly smarter so I guess thats a plus, if you can get the game to run."
76561197992665592,Not Recommended,233250,10695169,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Gleamy,"Completely broken.Single player is pointless because the AI does practically nothing on the first game, and then a bug that has persisted for over a month will prevent you from starting a second.Multiplayer is impossible if you can't get a server list or Uber's connection craps out on you, which it will, frequently."
76561197983473779,Not Recommended,233250,10717779,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,patricthomas,"There is a lot about this game that you don't really pick up from watching the videos, or reading a bit about it. First and most important thing.. You need a strong internet connection.. everything is server based. Second the single player game does not really explain anything about how to play.I saw the video and thought it would be a great game to play beating up some AI's and having a more rts kind of feel for a plantary expanstion game. I was wrong.. They are trying to make a game that is primarly vs other players, and all server based, so hope you are not on a laptop trying to have some fun away from wifi."
,Not Recommended,233250,10736323,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,AMERICA - TRUMP 2020,"Worthless, can't play it."
,Not Recommended,233250,10203070,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,MarblesXIII,"Normally I would not bash an Early Access game, but for the amount of money it cost this game is not worth it.  As it currently sits its a clunky version of Supreme Commander.  Thank God it was 40% off of its rediculous price of $59.99."
,Not Recommended,233250,10205141,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Tylluan,"Flakey piece of junk - full screen doesn't work in OSX, youtube tutorial video doesn't work in OSX, nothing works. Looks like garbage because the lack of full screen means that there's horrendus pixel doubling because they don't know how to code for retina.Really, really disappointing :("
76561197973505770,Not Recommended,233250,10227979,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Justice,"bugs R Us is more like this game, tryed playing this in single player and some times it runs sume times it will not when you fined a commander, you have to keep trying???same games over and over win every time?? no real chalange on sigle player mode average game last 2 min just rush and win.would not pay for the game when it was first on sale glade i wated as it is not worth 50 quide."
76561198007779975,Not Recommended,233250,10678357,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Tom,STEER CLEAR. Paid 17 bucks for this and it freezes everytime I go into planet mode. Total value to me - five minutes of game time.
,Not Recommended,233250,10809457,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,VordenX ™,WOW!! First time ever my machine Blue Screened with this game??? While it was loading for fight on a planet my machine hit a serious miss...I would seriously wait for perhaps a few updates as I couldnt afford to replace all my hardware for an Alpha/Beta game.Will wait to see.:(
76561198016763247,Not Recommended,233250,9307888,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,ResistanceIsFeudal,"Really, really, really want to like this game. So far, unimpressed and disappointed.There is a general monotony to the art style which makes buildings difficult to differentiate, and which makes units tend to blend in to the landscpae and become easy to lose track of. Generally just difficult to track armies and builders, and I end up with them scattered to all corners of the planet.There are ""gamma"" bugs as well like units getting confused, not responding when they are attacked, or generally not being very good at pathfinding, but I don't base my opinion on those as it is still in development.But I find the difficulty to simply track my units on the map, which I don't think that's a ""gamma"" issue, to be more frustrating than fun. I am fighting the interface more than I am fighting my enemies.Woefully disappointed so far as I was really excited for this one.Update: Ok, I have gottan used to this somewhat, but it has resulted in my playing from a higher camera perspective and using the small unit icons. These are still pretty uniform, but I am getting used to it.Have to say that this game has a lot of potential. I mean, it could be simply incredible, but there are some real issues:1) Framerate tends to be terrible. I think this has to do with the ""always on"" streaming functionality that they've elected to go with and I think that is a shame.2) This game NEEDS a turtorial! It is too complex to just expect people to jump in and even be able to do anything. I think this might be a part of a single player campaign, but if they are on the front page of steam -- regardless of the ""gamma"" status -- you need to show noobs how to do the basics.3) There are some real basic issues with the interface that should have not made it this far into development. For instance, the default key bindings make camera panning happen with the arrows instead of WSAD (why?!) and if you opt out of this, it results in a bunch of overlapping key bindings which you then have to manually scan and rebind just to get the basic functionality. Come on now!4) Getting to other planets is awesome! As I said, this has a lot of potential, but unfortunately I am going to not recommend this to anyone until it is further in development. :/I hope this changes because this has potential to be my new favorite RTS!"
76561198067507226,Not Recommended,233250,9317411,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Starset,"Just got this game, due to it being on sale. Do not buy this game. This game lags horribly, cant even play it! People say its your PC, wrong. My computer can run Splinter Cell: Blacklist, which is much more demanding, and it lags horribly on this. Unplayable, pass on this."
76561198026706309,Not Recommended,233250,9327175,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Snoipur,Its meh. Unless u got it free or less than $10-$20 its kinda worth it. I still call it a scam from the start. This game use to cost way more than a triple A game when it first came out on steam.
76561198056085427,Not Recommended,233250,9332483,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,gb5252,"Are you bored of normal games that launch properly and dont crash?Do you have up to date drivers?Do you have DirectX installed?Do you meet the minimum system requirements?Have you got a computer?Well dont worry, because even with all these you wont be garunteed that this game will run.""I know someone who has it and it runs fine, what if mine runs fine too"" I hear you say, but dont fret! It could just be your lucky day and an error message saying ""PA.exe has crashed"" will flash up on your screen.If you thought this game looked fun when it worked, you wont imagine what it's like when it wont!!PLANITARY ANNIHILATION! coming to a frozen loading screen near you.(Seriously stay away unless you want to risk wasting hours on forums and searching the internet for fixes that may not even work. You are about to pay full price for an unfinished game, dont fall for it, wait till it's ready)"
,Not Recommended,233250,9333257,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,tiggs31,not exactly what i expected. its just an online version of total annihilation from the 90's.
76561198044283559,Not Recommended,233250,9339848,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,JathVader,"No offline mode yet,   Lag Lag Lag Lag vs bots not fun.  lag lag lag"
76561198072036190,Not Recommended,233250,9347562,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,andrei.vexler,"The game is showing some wicked potential, but I just bought it on sale and realised it still needs a load of work. The idea is a 10, but the gameplay still rests at a 5.-The ability to track units is poor (available builders, etc)-The units all lack the ability to find their own path (mine were constantly getting stuck behind walls/crevices)- When I tell units to go somewhere, I want to set it and forget it, not guide each individual unit that has gone astray-When you are getting attacked, unless you see it on your direct screen, its almost impossible to figure it out/realise that it is happening.-the units too closely resemble each other, some differential colouring would be great to quickly identify builder bots vs. attackers-when important stuff is happening (attacks/units finished moving) I'd like to be either visually or audibly notified....flickering on the maps, etcWhen ease of use is figured out, and the units become more autonomous, I'd definitely recomend this game...not right now."
76561198123068295,Not Recommended,233250,10206761,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,GrumpoMumbo,♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,233250,10246915,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,InspectorBean,"Toook 5 starts of the game to even connect to their servers, and now I cant even start a single player game. Complete crap, don't waste your money on this swill."
76561198005913643,Not Recommended,233250,10256027,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,AnAmazingGuy,"Looked cool with the Asteroid feature smashing into plannet, but as a RTS fan; I must everything else up to the core game and the unti feels blank. At no point can I see this game evolve enough to be worth the full price.The game lacks visual style; units flavor (and diversity), HUD elements and the such.What looked like a great idea on paper results now in a underwhelming experience misplaced for this advanced era of game.Every games is the same slow-paced gameplay (oh so slow) with dull more-of-the-same units; to finally smash an asteroid (if there is any) in the planet and insta kill everything; your base included.It will make you wish to play Starcraft again."
,Not Recommended,233250,10289098,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Kobura,"The current review says ""NO"" because right now I do not recommend the game. Probably later, not now. It'll be great...when it works.Very buggy. Downright vicious probably-cheating AI. Extreme micro requirements with no good tools to do it.EXTREMELY (more than half of all attempts) FREQUENT ""failed to start game"" issues with Galactic War."
76561198013032393,Not Recommended,233250,9342559,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Paukku,I can't recommend this game yet. It's way too unfinished to be enjoyable.
76561197960372715,Not Recommended,233250,10206320,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Rekit,"WOW, what a resource hog.i7 with 16 gig of RAM, and my system just about freezes"
76561198074209327,Not Recommended,233250,10206548,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Edin,"The concept is great. Cant wait to see the final version. But its not still playable, the AI is just to fast and strong. Maybe need a CASUAL difficulty so you can realy enjoy the tehnology and make out a plan of destruction. And I even saw some IN GAME buying options as if the game isnt too expencive in the first place.Update1: Yay, always a pleasure to see that the launch prices are half of the price we paid for the pre-llauch alfa♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game is worthles in any sense besides the concept idea witch is a shame to be thrown away on such terible game."
76561197990989408,Not Recommended,233250,10242344,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Metalhead97,"I know it's ""early access"" but I have yet been able to play this game at all, constantly crashses, avoid this until they fix the problems."
,Not Recommended,233250,10707198,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,theSpeare,Having problems even just joining a server or starting my own. Stutters and lags. I know it's in early release but buying a game shouldn't be a gamble on whether it'll actually just work or not.
,Not Recommended,233250,8451004,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,S4vior,"I change my mind! Don't waste your mony on it, everything you see in trailer are totally lies.When you join the game (if you can), you can see this game is a totally web game, every function in this game is trying to cheat your money.49.99, the worst purchase in my life."
76561197988860991,Not Recommended,233250,10202852,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,ZestyTaint,This game would be great if it didn't totally lag in every way. UNPLAYABLE IN IT's CURRENT FORM.
76561197993491206,Not Recommended,233250,10231599,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,fryede03,"Sept 16, 2014 What they seiously released this game!! They are trying to sell you garbarge my friend 59/100 metascore is putting it nicey. This is on par with 'Sh@t city', even EA confessed it was crap. These guys are trying to litterly sell you that and and call it gold. If this is the quality of game you can expect out of Uber don't buy any of their games.June 15, 2014, Does not support Linux 14 LTS... Can not create GL content. HAHAHA just my luck even though I guess they were fixing the GL in the update. Wonder if I can get my money back. It was a pain sitting on the loading screen for five minutes so I could warn you all."
,Not Recommended,233250,10679555,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,X-Fire,I can't join any games and it seems really unstable. I know it is early acces but they are still chargin money for it
,Not Recommended,233250,10682199,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,THAD,"It is sensory overload hell....so many mini battles on a planet at one time...your human brain is not designed to multitask to this insane degree...and I think the designers forgot about that.I prefer games that are a little easier to manage.  There is SO much going on in this game with so many tactics it just leaves you drained.  I would have prefered less unit differentiation (chess only has 5 different units), and a bit more simplified gameplay."
76561198041346478,Not Recommended,233250,10684714,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Ninjajalapeno,"This game looked awesome in videos, and it was on sale so I boughtit for $25.Well apparently there is a bug where the cursor doesnt display on combo of Windows Vista and ATI video cards or some bs. Unplayble like this. Looked through forums for a fix.. there is no fix. Its a known bug and has been reported months ago. Whatever, I know I took my chances buying an early-access game.So I try it on my new laptop with windows 7. Eagerly wait for 2nd downlad and install. Its ready. Click play: ""pa.exe has stopped working"". Utter dissapointment.Would not recommend."
76561198037251972,Not Recommended,233250,10690719,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Electrophill,"Wow... on Steam for $16.99.  Much better than the nearly $100 I paid for it about a year ago.  But this was the best lesson on Steam I ever learned.  After paying nearly $100 for this game, it was of course early access and it wouldn't even boot up on my 18X R2  (3940xm processoer/680's in SLI/Win 7 Ultimate).  Nothing, nada... not even a start screen.  Steam came back on me and said ""Sorry slick, we don't support early access games... we just grab your money."" Since I didn't buy it directly from the developers, I never even heard from those guys.But.... costly lesson learned.  Never... ever... buy a early release game off Steam.  You'll be left in the lurch.  In fact... it's an amazingly good bet to avoid early release games period.  They can wait for the cash reward after they develop the game like it always has been until Steam.  Think how stupid I was to give these guys a hundred bucks with them even saying ""Dude... it probably won't work"".  Wow.. My moment of idiocy that makes me cringe everytime I see a Planetary Annihilation ad.  I now call early release antiShareware.  Absolutely the exact opposite of the original sharewares like Doom.  Thanks for the lesson guys.  I learned it well.  Never again.Down to 6 bucks.  I'm still cringing.   I hope the developers enjoyed that hundred dollar bill. It was a valuable lesson I learned and I owe it all to their dishonesty and their substandard product."
,Not Recommended,233250,10693527,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Killnetic,"Played TA and xpacs, played Supcom, played Supcom 2 and I hafta say that at the moment, PA is following the chronological trend of enjoyability that this pedigree has been suffering after each subsequent installment post TA & xpacs. The roundness of the planets offend me. The almost complete lack of strategic feel that the planets bring to the table versus TA's barely interesting maps is more boring than plain burnt toast. The verticality of the tech trees always leaves there plenty to be desired in the early tiers of the game.At the moment, the only thing that PA has going for it is pedigree by genotype, not phenotype."
,Not Recommended,233250,10698672,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Sasquatch,"Umm...yeaI was a MASSIVE fan of TA and SUPCOM and therefore had great expectations of this. Its not bad, but, well, its just a ""farm farm faster faster faster farm farm"" game. Basically to win you just have to out-resource the other guy.Thats not why I eonjoyed TA and SUPCOM : I enjoyed them because they had such wonderful strategic and tactical depth, and funnily enough, its still here in this game, but it takes a real backseat to the insane income rush game. You income up, of you die. If you deviate to do something else other than income up, you die.If I was to suggest anything to the devs its work on the controls. As a strategic game this would rock, but so much of my time is taken up micro-managing builders and laying out base...then as soon as I have done that I get attacked and Im micro-managing re-bulding the base. Then Im mocromanageing trying to build an offense force...and because I didnt micr-manage economy enough Im then dead!If it had a means by which to give orders WITHOUT having to micromanage, I can see this working. ""Builda a defensive line here"" = your builders take it on themselves to setup a line of turrets, rather than having to give each individual orders, then when it take some damage, they automatically rebuild. ""Give me an army with these units here"" = factories fire up and start producing the units I want without me having to give individual orders to each (including patrol routes for aircraft).TL;DR : The constant expansion nature of this game leaves me no time to play anything but enconomy rush, and thats just not a game I enjoy"
,Not Recommended,233250,10703335,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,dfo8ldt6fyp;f,"I really wanted to like this. I was massively into TA and SupCom; this is in no way anywhere close to rivaling either of those games. Horrible art direction aside, the interface is goofy, the invisible grid system for placing buildings is dumb, thelack of interesting units exists, I just don't know what else to say outside of going on and on. I wish I had simply installed SupCom and saved $25. If you want to play what feels like a Lego version of SupCom by all means, buy this. Maybe I'll give it another shot when they claim it isn't in alpha or beta.... but I don't have much hope. Chris Taylor where are you?**Uber has apparently moved on now to their next elementary looking RTS ""Human Resources"". They should simply consider making games for the iOS and Android market. (Shocking - that game is cancelled)"
76561198086987973,Not Recommended,233250,10712618,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,DerangedPaladin,wast of my money
76561197969929023,Not Recommended,233250,10719712,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Scuzzer,"I'd strongly suggest waiting for the final release and checking the reviews before buying. I made the mistake of buying in the sale and the technical issues and primitive gameplay are not encouraging - the interface feels as dated as the original C&C or TA, the AI is either far too easy or overpowered and there seem to be major framerate issues (apparently due to even single player running through an overworked server)."
76561198091524304,Not Recommended,233250,10726667,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Fellowes Fangorn,"Planetary Annhihilation would be a great game if people who are not very good at computers could actually play it. When starting the game laptop users may find out that their drivers are out of date and developers dont seem to actually giving a way to update them. Taking you from website to website downloading crap that you dont even need is not help. If you are thinking about buying the game please check your drivers are up to date, otherwise you just wasted 30 quid."
76561198041625405,Not Recommended,233250,10741438,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,King ♚,"Pretty boring, and not optimized for any computer..."
,Not Recommended,233250,10806076,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,KBaum63,"I hope that this game gets better, as of right now I cannot recommend this game.  Ignoring the bugs, of which there are many, this game did not live up to the reason that I bought it.  Single Player becomes very bland and boring quickly because the game is basically a race against the AI for who could build the most units the quickest.  There does seem to be some variety to the tech, however, you don't always have access to it, while the enemy might, which makes for lopsided games.  The game is not as graphically pleasing as the pictures and videos showing the game."
76561197987020798,Not Recommended,233250,10808952,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,twellski-@-CiC,"Was looking foward to playing this.........Until it 1st booted and I had no cursor.......stuggling to click I managed to get onto single player which then decided to show a foreign langauge...........I understand its a beta..........but come on at least let me play! =sLooks like a promising game.........but id give it some time before you take the plunge and actually buy it, The game needs a fair bit of work doing to it before its finally commissioned!!"
,Not Recommended,233250,10818299,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Husky Bowner,AI is way too hard. Units have no variety. Lacks anything to keep you interested.
,Not Recommended,233250,10852252,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,LadyDarkSorrow,"Game has tons of bugs, sample, AI build like 900 battle ships in a small lake and destroy everthing that gets close to lake , then the game lag badly because so many ships in water , Ui doesn't worked good..let me stop here I'm just done with this game until some big changest takes place.. save your money"
,Not Recommended,233250,10857653,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,gallagherb123,its like spore execpt u can♥♥♥♥♥ur mum
76561197999003913,Not Recommended,233250,10254780,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,B.Wayne,"This game sucks. Too much going on, little structure, and you basicaly micro-manage from space. Don't ever really see the units up close because the worlds are so big. Don't waste your money."
76561198024118574,Not Recommended,233250,10255369,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Cpt V,"NO SUPPORT!!!!! Not running on Linux, not running on Win7. Joined the forum, posted my problem: no answer, no support.Spent money for nothing. This is not the way games should be sold. Shame it's on Steam."
76561197991219212,Not Recommended,233250,10290101,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,UnBeAtAbLe™,this is almost a copy paste from supreme commander except for the quality
76561198002925731,Not Recommended,233250,10319613,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,gl0w,"Killed by the Art Director-----------------------------------Planetary Annihilation is a RTS game likeTotal Annihilation or Supreme Commander.The gameplay is almost identical,with some addons like the spherical mapsor moving from one planet to another.So if you liked to play those games,you should also like this one, right?Thats what i thought when i bought this game.But like many other players i like the older games much more than this one.I tried to play several times, but it was more exhausting then fun.I just didnt care what was happening to my commander.There was no immersion.A lot of the players who also prefer the older gamesseem to have problems to understand whats wrong with P.A.Its much more basic then the new addons like planetary mechanics,the problem is the presentation of this RTS.Do you remember the ""Spider Lords"" in TA?Crab-like monsters, big as a city block,cutting enemys apart with a death-raythat scorched the ground for kilometers.And you where commanding a DOZEN of them,ripping a hole into the enemys defenses,so your groundtroops could swarm the enemy base.That just felt awesome, the sense of scale was epic.Now take a  look at what you get from planetary annihilation:A bunch of plastic toys.It feels like all your units are the size of action figures.Congratulations, you are now a toy commander!How am i supposed to care for those things?Immersion Level zero point zero.To make it worse the units are uninspired and ugly,and most of them would not work outside cartoon land.It looks like the designer had no mechanical understanding at all.Most of those commanders would just lock up and fall over.This game was killed by the Art Director.I fear the only thing that could still save this gameis the MOD-community.Total conversion, GO!"
76561198042009736,Not Recommended,233250,10686821,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Blind Gardener,"Maybe I'm playing it too soon. Maybe I just suck at RTS games. I don't know. It really doesn't seem to be worth $50 though. The current price, $17 due to steam summer sale? That's about the most I would reccomend anyone pay for this game.I find the controls clunky, multitasking enough to actually win is difficult, the AI is overly hard, and I don't have a stable enough internet connection to review the multiplayer. The use of youtube videos for the cutscenes is particularly annoying."
,Not Recommended,233250,10691710,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,perchbird,the game is really hard to navigate and get started. it takes like 20 minutes to get the second tier of buildings. the AI is incredibly hard and have no difficulty settings for you to get attuned to the game. i bought it for like $80 and it still isnt playable for the most part
76561197971429802,Not Recommended,233250,10696431,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,phohammer,This game is obviously super early in development.  My first game was unplayable due to graphics glitches.  There were other problems with selection and units stopping on route.   The planet was black and untextured. etc.I was excited about this game and I picked it up when it went on sale.  Now it will sit on my drive and I'll forget about it for the year or more it will take them to fix all the problems (if they ever do).
,Not Recommended,233250,10697017,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Actually Just a Best Buy,"Game has potential, but the SP is plagued by utter stupidity. You have to have a good connection to play by yourself, the enemy AI is OP, the game lags to all hell when you have more than 100 units, and overall it is a frustrating experience. Planetary Annihilation is worth it if you can grab it during the sale, but it being marked anything above $20 is a complete and utter joke with the state of the game."
76561198022456434,Not Recommended,233250,10701008,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Faded_Radiation,"WAY TO MANY GAME BREAKING GLITCHES!!! I could only play one game before everything went to♥♥♥♥♥♥ NOW i cant even play, when ever i try it says ""Failed to start game"". YEAH well dont WASTE your money on this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197970393288,Not Recommended,233250,10715941,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Eisenhertz,Still in Alpha Stages.  I cant believe this was sold at all.  It not close to finished.
,Not Recommended,233250,10721481,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,andrew.c9k,"Just got it on the steam sale and I am glad I only paid $16 for it. There are some pretty good ideas here, but I would wait for the finished product. This is barely playable."
,Not Recommended,233250,10722656,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,noerK,"This game costs 45,99 € - luckily i bought it in steam summer sale 15,63€ - even this was too much for this game.This review is not about the gameplay itself but about the mindset of the developers.I just started Planetary Annihilation and hab problems registering an account because the input field ingame does not accept any dots. So i went to their website to create an account. At least their website did accept my email-adress.After my account was successfully created i was able to log in using my account-name.The next thing that bothered me, that the developers embedded a youtube video instead being part of the game-files.This is bad for the money i have paid - even though its an early access game ...Finally i entered the main menu and klicked trough available game modes and settings. I just found the ingame market where you can buy additionally units for prices like 10€ - 15€ ... -> game closed.I don't care how good this game will be as long it is pay to win."
,Not Recommended,233250,10722678,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,LokeHansen,This game was NOTHING like what i expected after checking out the game videos. And i've had serious problems with the game textures. This is probably based somewhat on the awesome Total Annihilation - but gamewise it is a much lesser game.
76561198027821394,Not Recommended,233250,10737164,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,caird.ryan,"not as good as i thought it would be, fun to play if you have the time to be able to find endgame tech and do all the stuff the game advetized, it was only worth it because i brought it on sale"
,Not Recommended,233250,10740573,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,T H I C C  Daddy Salvia,"Fantastic concept, but pretty poorly executed as of now. Always online DRM with flaky servers."
,Not Recommended,233250,10742371,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Bubblebeard,"So far I have been through quite a few updates for this game. I'm not going to lie, I went into it having some pretty big expectations. So this is more of a warning to players of games like Rise of Nations and Starcrat.This game does not livve up to the standards of most RTS games.The UI is clunky. Grouping units and responding to threats is a hassle and way more problematic than it should be.Resource management is not fairly important either. Just accumulate with no real cap on how high you can make it causing the actual winner to become who can just claim as many resource points and then mass a giant mob of units.There really isn't much strategy involved. It's just build until you can just send a massive wave and win. Losing units seems inconsequential. Just build a big enough wave to steamroll the enemy who is also doing the same thing. I spent more time waiting to just mass more guns than the next guy than actually thinking up any strategy at all.On the plus side the soundtrack was neato."
76561197974025215,Not Recommended,233250,10784276,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,cerulean_dragon,"Gamma? Or early Alpha? Has no one actually played this and said anything to the developers? Trying to not be angry about wasting money on this. Maybe the final release will be ... playable. Literally. Jumped in, watched the tutorial (which made me want to go play Supreme Commander 2, since it's basically a cheap-looking knock-off), then tried to play a round of Galactic War (which starts with a YouTube into, classy). After picking a commander (I'm assuming there's no difference beyond looks, since there were no ""stats"" or anything), you get an overhead look of the galaxy. You get 3 ""slots"" at the bottom of the screen for tech. You can move your icon from one solar system to another. Each one gives up a tech. Once all 3 slots are full, the next system you visit will give you a tech and the option to ""Reject"" it. Now, as I found out, you can actually delete your current techs to open slots for new ones. (this isn't mentioned). There's also no info about what the techs do, exactly. You can't seem to do... anything else. So I got bored, came to write this review, mourn my financial loss, and go play Supreme Commander 2. If this were listed as an Alpha or Beta I wouldn't be here. But it's listed as a ""Gamma"" and it's been in the works for a really long time. I still remember when it was $69.99. I feel deep sorrow for anyone who paid that much. I hope it'll be playable before release, at least."
,Not Recommended,233250,10803399,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,[WPS] Lonesamurai,I can't in good faith reccomend it... YET!The game is still riddled with bugs and bad AIThere are classic things from Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander MissingBuildings are placed ram shackle and anyone with OCD will go nuts very quickly
76561197962034632,Not Recommended,233250,10803515,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,disastermaster,for single players - forget itno local play - when internet is unavailable the game won't run( when you need it - you cant use it - really narrow minded )
76561197971013981,Not Recommended,233250,10892440,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,i throw rocks at retarded kids,Game disconnects too frequently mid match. There is no way to recover the progress made. There is no real tutorial leading you to blindly try and figure out the game. The AI is terrible and never seems to do what you want it too. It gets stuck randomly. I understand the game is in alpha but overall I would call this game virtually unplayable due to the random disconnects.
,Not Recommended,233250,8030119,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Szechuan Sauce,"Strategy of the year.OR SO I WOULD SAY...Game promised updates.Game delivered updates.Game promised content.Game delivered content in a standalone DLC.Like, seriously? I was planning on buying Human Resources if/when it'd come out, but after♥♥♥♥♥♥like this? How can I know they won't release a standalone for that as well?Also optimalization sucks dog balls."
,Not Recommended,233250,11581038,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Lamlug Death-Blade(s),"-Planetary Annihilation, a Terrible Game ran by Gaming ,Scamming, Censorship Radicalists-Uber Entertainment - A brief overview:Uber Ent. are by FAR one of the worst companies of gaming industry, they have broken many promises of game features and never added them, or have added them into an entirely different 20$ DLC called ""PA: Titans""They are also censorship crusaders, they will get their community fanatics to harass and attack anyone who has negative opinions and if the victim who is being harassed does not stop being negative, they will get the community moderators bribed so they will ban their victims, Uber Entertainment and their defenders are extremely sociopathic, radical and judgemental.I could of even of complained to Steam to have my ban removed for simply saying that I did not like a certain feature of the game, but I won't bother, Uber Entertainment are just radicalists and will only ban me again for no reason. I won't be suprised if those silly Uber Ent radicalists try to downvote my review into hell, but they can't remove my review by force, so take that Uber Ent.Prime Examples of Uber Entertainment RadicalistsCommunity Member Mikeyh_ -http://steamcommunity.com/id/mikey__h- Baiting people who are not positive about the game into argumentsCommunity Moderator -http://steamcommunity.com/id/Marshii- Bans said negative opinion-based people, not even punishing Mikeyh for mental health insults.They have also scammed fake Kickstarters, the prime example being a game called Human Resources, which quite rather suddenly dissappeared, including the money which was thrown at Uber Ent in large abundance... That money likely found it's way into Uber Entertainment's greedy pockets.Mechanics/Gameplay-Poor, you'll always find yourself stuttering or crashing.Design and planning-A good design and concept, terrible execution of creating the game.Recommendation: DO NOT BUY, THIS GAME IS ASCAM"
,Recommended,233250,11716650,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,FURIOUS PENGUIN,Awesome Game :)
,Recommended,233250,12194587,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Easelm,"Planetary Annihilation has caused me to sometimes regret and not regret paying $70 for this when it was in very early access. Before, there was hardly any content, which is standard for an unfinished game. After reviewing all of what they've done and have made this game into, I haven't regret anything except for how high of a price it was. I'm aware it was the kickstarter price, but that was pretty ridiculous. Overall, the gameplay is great and the game itself has potential like no other.Build your own planet system to how you like and test them in action by playing with AI or with someone else via multiplayer. I've always played online with a friend when we could, else I'd play with the AI. I'm more of a single player person and love to face the AI in battle. They've really done a great job in touching everything up and organizing each individual building you can build.Send nukes across the system and not just from a planet orbiting the planet you're on, you can send them far away. Not to mention how this game got popular in the first place: total annihilation by putting halley thrusters on a small moon and driving it into a planet for complete destruction! That was my favorite part, especially when my friend was new to the game and I owned him quickly by doing that. :PDon't like the current planet you're building on? Is it too cluttered? No fear, just move to another planet! That feature is great when the enemy AI is too close or is owning you, same for multiplayer.The best part is that you don't need money for your economy. It is all about balancing your metal and power. More metal extractors and power planets or solar satellites you have, the better your economy will be. Gathering money was the most part of an ordinary RTS game such as C&C.The game isn't that bad when it comes to playing it. Lag never happens unless you're fighting the AI, but it isn't PC lag, it is game lag. The game slows down is what I'm implying. Other than that it is fun to play.The only problems I have:The AI still have some problems with interplanetary battles. They constantly build units for no reason when the AI has nothing to attack on their planet. This results in the game being slowed down when the AI moves the said units. The AI is very unoptimized right now. There needs to be a check to see if they can build units or not if their planet is safe, or at least put a build limit for the AI.When building a new system, placing down a metal planet or two can cause the game to freeze and it will force you to restart your PC just to close the game down. They need a planet limit.Sometimes when you place Halleys on a Moon and move the moon to destroy part of a planet, the game will suddenly lose connection to the server and you won't be able to finish the game. And the game will sometimes randomly lose connection to the server.They've done a great job in building a game like this, but it seems as large scale as it is, it needs to have its limitations to prevent game crashes, game slowing down, etc. Other than that it is great. If you guys complain about not buying this just looking at other reviews, then you're missing out. What I've explained in this review is what goes down and is consistent to how the game acts. Other people tend to exaggerate just because they didn't get what they want during development. :P"
76561198006521459,Not Recommended,233250,12333651,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Ryvucz,"I have been playing this since Alpha, the game needs serious optimization. It crashes while a match tries to create the end of match screen.That is the only current issue, albeit a large, ugly issue, and the only reason I do not recommend this game, yet.- EDIT -They abandoned it and made a new game with larger units. Screwing the original backers.Bad company, bad practices."
76561198006782179,Recommended,233250,12032683,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Santana (Mnemonic),This game was a big SCAM at the release.They sold us an unfinished pile of garbage and called it a Release Version.___________________________________________________________________________Now they fixed everything and the game is fine. But it don't change what the Devs did. They took months to deliver what they promissed for the release.Ok. The game is good and if you get it with good discount you will have alot of fun.
,Recommended,233250,16150425,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,DD,
,Recommended,233250,13646221,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Lazuras29,"The game is great... when it works. It reminds me of the old days of CCRA, Total Annihilation, and also of Supreme Commander, just on a seemingly more complex scale. The gameplay is smooth, the units scale nicely in the tiers, and the Combat AI isnt a total dunce. With that being said, i would give this game a solid 7. Whats keeping it there and not going higher is the CONSTANT CRASHES! I have only played ""4 hours"" but i have play a lot longer than that, it just crashes in the middle of the match, or right at the beginning. I havent even tried to touch online play yet. The game is great, and scratching that RTS itch i have had for quite some time, but get it working people."
,Recommended,233250,13736775,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Tr3b0r,"This is meant to be more like Total Annihilation than Supreme Commander was, and it is. A sort of ""Spiritual Sequel""If you liked TA, and SupCom, you will like this game.Warning: This game has a steep learning curve and many of the design choices are questionable.The stand-alone expansion, Titans is better in terms of polish, and fixes many of this games problems.Overall, still worth a purchase."
,Recommended,233250,13605649,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,GIDEON SCORES <3,"good balanced game with a good future, just need to be more known."
76561198087046928,Recommended,233250,13622388,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,FernoFilms,It's hard at first so play the AI skirmish first. That helped me.
76561198015302076,Recommended,233250,13635897,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,DankPrank_,It is a really fun game first i couldnt get it working properly but now its ok and im having a lot of fun. c:
76561198008182182,Recommended,233250,13674448,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,TimeZeroHour,It reminds me of Supreme Commander and its a solid concept of that has the worlds your on could be a weapon if needed but there are some major issues in the game. Like needed more than 8 Gigs of RAM and how it eats uses CUP power and the GPU. I would recommend the game.
,Recommended,233250,13728997,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,CH1LLN0VA,I built a Death Star and blew up an entire solar system. 10/10
,Recommended,233250,13765648,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Jeitoh,"Great game, however it has so many issues such as pathfinding and network problems. Loading times are regularly annoying aswell.I trust they will be improving the game for a long time, but it's still a damn shame they claim it's ready as it is."
76561198006776144,Recommended,233250,13597217,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,SmokeJaguar,"The last few patches have definitely improved the game, as has moving from early access to the release version.  It's solid at this point, and pretty fun.  If you liked Total Annihilation or Supreme Commander, you should like this.  That said, planetary invasions are still a bit tricky to make happen...did I mention you can do PLANETARY INVASIONS? Seriously..."
76561198073370031,Recommended,233250,13621366,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,hungdonkey,can get very addicting. easily the best game with many strategys. has got a lot better than it used to be
76561197966218638,Recommended,233250,13629954,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Thyme,A great game to play LAN or alone.
,Recommended,233250,13751896,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,KindaLoneWolf,"Are you are the type of person who gets bored in a great RTS like Age of empires and starts spamming units to have an epic battle, but always lose cuz you spam only woad raiders? In this game if you spam turrets and whatever random unit then you can probably win!I ONLY RECCOMEND TO THOSE WHO FIT THE ABOVE DESCRIPTION.There is a lot of other things you can do to win but this game is lacking compontents to make it very stratigcal."
76561198051702813,Recommended,233250,13610347,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Svarog,"The Developers, thou are fine chaps. Job well done I say Gentlemen!"
76561198040715812,Recommended,233250,13626345,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Cowbot93,I killed millions to satisfy my lust for oil.
76561198093264228,Recommended,233250,13670615,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,dahtrump,"Great game and I love it, but why does it not have a save option?Sometimes the game crashes in the middle of a lengthy fight and I lose all progress!"
,Recommended,233250,9668734,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Dr Dumbass,Best ♥♥♥♥ing Game Ever!
,Recommended,233250,13674985,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,PashaCCCP,"Awesome game, but does need some optimization but otherwise its amazing fun with friends."
,Recommended,233250,13735386,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,тѕсм.Obi-Swag Kenobi,i reccommend this game to sci fi lovers and strategy gamers alike including those annyoing war mongering idiots anyways u should play this game if not throw your money at its development BUY THIS GAME BUY IT NOW
,Recommended,233250,13750757,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Jive Turkey Patterson,"This is one game that really deserved their money from their kickstarter. Love the gameplay though playing against the AI quite often ends in a stalemate, it's all about the journey though right? The graphics fit the game perfectly and look a bit pixar-ish/TF2-ish which I dont have a problem with, it still looks great. This game overall is well worth the money for the mechanics they've put into it. A good buy all in all/the perfect gift."
76561198031835395,Recommended,233250,13604241,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,dril_house,"This was seriously an ambitious goal they were aiming for here. And I'm happy its gotten as far as it has, even if it could use further work.I've only gotten to play a half dozen matches so far against the AI, but even thats got me hooked. If this game had a really solid storyline/campaign mode I would be ecstatic, I've put dozens of hours into C&C campaigns, while barely touching multiplayer, and while enemy AI could be a little smarter, I'm happy with the single player they offer still.For me this is really the replacement for C&C (since the last was a flop, and I don't forsee another release anytime soon)  I was looking for, it definitely has its own bit of charm to it, and if they introduced more unique looking and functioning factions that would certainly increase its value.This might not be worth full price to everybody, but if you love RTS you'd be a fool not to buy it when on a good sale."
,Recommended,233250,13647846,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,lazZer,"There is a lot of hate going on with this game. Some people who bought it didn't work for them or lags even if they have a powerful computer, or don't like the overuse of nukes. The biggest problem with this game is that there is no save option.In a fight, you can't save. Only when you defeat the enemy commander you game is saved. And these fights can take a lot of time. For those of you who don't have alot of time to play the game, you will probably rarely win a fight. Uber said they are working on a save feature but right now as i am writing this there is no save feature. So if you don't have a lot of time you should NOT buy this game until they make a save feature.Second problem is that a lot of people say that the game is half-baked or the strategy element isn't there. I say this: If you are a serious RTS player and reaaally cares about the infrastructure of the game, you MIGHT not like this game. If you like having fun and annihilating planets and crazy nuking,you will REALY like the game. If you are an RTS beginner, like me, the game is good for you.THE GAME DOES NOT HAVE A TUTORIAL.CONCLUSION:If you are a serious RTS player, wait till the game gets better.If you don't have enough time, wait till the game gets a save feature, cuz right now IT DOESNT.Anyone should buy this when its on sale cuz the original price is kinda nuts considering it doesnt have a save feature or a tutorial.If you like interplanetary exploration, futuristic tech, smashing planets, get the game. But on sale.This is a short text for what i have seen on the forums, so sorry for the long review."
,Recommended,233250,13594301,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,[OHG] WraithShepherd,I throughly recommend this game!    Especially when it is on sale!This is a fast paced RTS game.  Very similar in gameplay to the Supreme Commander series (the first one not the joke of a 2nd one ;)The game really makes one work to win!  The reward (winning) for outmanuvering your opponent is completely amazing!
76561197963761034,Recommended,233250,13601480,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Alan,"Great game overall, similar to total annhilation, and TA Spring free online game. PA is a faster game than the previous in my view, and more nice looking... possibly not better though. I remember the long range artilery in the TA/TA Spring where each shot was calculated and fired, you may hit or miss, and they seemed like more of a resource hog, Im not sure if this one actually calculates where the shots go with depth included or if its more of a dice roll type system.I have seen gflitches in a few rounds, lauching a moon into a planet, instead of the planet it hits the sun... to the dismay of the ones who launched it (lol). Still a few ppl crash and have to rejoin. Sometimes its a bit laggy with a lot of players and more than 1000 units total, especially if some players dont have good computers.All in all Id rate this 8/10 on the RTS scale. Personally I just wish someone remade TA/TA Spring and added it to steam to play... This will do until then though, and still plenty of matches to join when I play."
76561198040805871,Recommended,233250,13644209,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,No love Just war,I do recommend this game but it is still a little bad like for me I cant play the game since it didnt work so it is still a little bad but I do know it is a good game
,Recommended,233250,13650498,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,kokujinco,"Pleasantly surprised.I bought the game pre-relase last summer, played a few times and was not impressed with the state of the game at that time, or when I tried later in the fall. I started again this past week and I am happy to say that this is now a very good game. Very fun and engageing. I look forward to what the developers have in store. Kepe up the good work guys."
76561198126597920,Recommended,233250,13751407,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,andrewpangaea,Nothing feels better than blowing up your enemies with a nuke or blowing up planets with other planets before killing everyone with a giant planet killing laser of doom.In other words - get this game. But pay attention to your computer's hardware.
,Recommended,233250,13600465,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Azoktenki,awesome game but crashes a little to much haven't played recently but i hope its fixed by now
,Recommended,233250,13603657,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Acheron,For 6$ it's godly amazing
76561198020220606,Recommended,233250,13603942,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,gbarnzee123,great game lots of fun
,Recommended,233250,13627008,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,JangoXIII,ran my home-world into my opponent's10/10
,Recommended,233250,13678783,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Ulris Ventis,Bought this one for 3 dollars and it can't dissappoint me.Apologies to all who spent around 50 dollars in the past.
76561198064617293,Recommended,233250,13771484,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,holywizz,"you can put thrusters on planets and fly them into other planets, take control of a death star and start the nuclear apocalypse!"
,Recommended,233250,13640021,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Kloutier,The lack of a save in the middle of games is a KILLER....
,Recommended,233250,13644372,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Larken,"I think Planetary Annihilation is an enjoyable game. I spent some good time building and turtling up massive armies and shoving them into combat with AI. My ultimate goal was to see a game like Halo Wars relived on PC. Early Access is a plague of many Steam games, and is on its way out soon. It offers the ability for developers to make a large profit on something that does not and may never exist. If you've already reaped the full income before you've completed a product, why complete it?As for the quality of the game its self, it's fun. Personally, I enjoy smashing planets, destroying them with lasers, bombarding them with nuclear missiles, and transporting thousands of troops via a portal to the next world. Where it falls short, is the fact that once a player snowballs they have the capability of wiping out all other players with incredible ease. The most difficult challenge is choosing what pretty effects you want to see before the victory screen. In a hypothetical scenario where you have multiple players that are familiar with the game, a competitive and enjoyable game could be had. But, there is simply one or two strategic means by which a person can win out every single time. The game ought to be solely focused on quick combat, turtling, or end game weapons of mass destruction - not all three. Perhaps if PA had followed the formula of former games where an objective other than the commander was the means by which victory or defeat was determined, the game would be significantly enriched!In conclusion, I will recommend this game to people searching for great RTS games that mimic ones such as LOTR Middle Earth or Halo Wars despite Uber's slip ups and money-grabbing habits. Who are we to judge Uber for following in the footsteps of every single developer out there? There may be some gems - such as TaleWorlds & Mount and Blade, but just look at Viking Conquest! Cheers, have a happy new year."
76561198018876675,Recommended,233250,13701068,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Traitorッ,One of the best game i have played
76561198043202226,Recommended,233250,13744711,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,jqkunz,"This game is awsome. Great strategy game. I think the game would be so much funner if the added the option to turn off air, water, space, or land. They should also make it so you can do no fog of war."
76561197963909383,Recommended,233250,13608771,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Cocktail Of Depression,this game is sick
76561198013405061,Recommended,233250,13666144,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Lord Dindu,Will blow up enemy forces with space death laser again 11/10(Also works with 32 bit OS.)
,Recommended,233250,13677931,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,UltraPigBear,"It's exactly like Total Annihilation.  If you're a big fan of the franchise (Total Annihilation, Supreme Commander, etc.) , you will love this game."
76561197994726334,Recommended,233250,13681351,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Spanky,Awesome addictive fun!Disclaimer: I'm not much for pvp so my experience is purely single player. I'd like to try co-op though!What's it like: think Supreme Commander but with spherical (on planets/moons) playfields and fight realtime across a solar system. Smash a moon into a planet or if you're fond of your heavenly body you can also go DeathStar style! Planets share your economy and there are multiple ways to move units between planets.
76561198063329791,Recommended,233250,13685645,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,easy.bot.08,Very good game
,Recommended,233250,13694853,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,⎛⎝ NoWayJosé ⎠⎞,"Although the game does take some time getting used to, it can be insanely fun, taking an RTS game and adding the whole moving from planet to planet idea, really does make it something special. 9/10 (would be 10/10 if I didn't suck at it... xD)"
,Recommended,233250,13600375,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,A.A . Ron Balakay,I brought this game back when it was in alpha. I have been a fan of RTS since i first laid my hands on command and conquer. PA is a great game with so much potential for success. Who doesn't like the idea of smashing an astoroid into your friends base. I haven't played since bata but I can still recommend and it has only gotten better.
76561198067713197,Recommended,233250,13617779,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,SirPlotALot (ง’̀-‘́)ง,"So, this is going to be all over the place, but it's mainly just me trying to make one point: the game isn't quite done, but it WILL be. It's like Minecraft; the game is going to have updates with fixes and changes. You can't view it as a complete product, because it isn't. Like I said before though, it will be. All you have to do is scroll down the store page to see that the developers plan to, and are currently, releasing content updates such as the unit cannon, which just went live.The game is a fast paced RTS game which, I admit, can feel a bit repetitive at times. However, the game is worth every penny, as it's only $30, costing far less than other RTS games such as Company of Heroes 2. Yes, it's half baked, but just because the developers stopped calling it an ""Early Access"" game doesn't mean it's been taken out of the oven. If anything, the developers are probably just getting started."
,Recommended,233250,13646906,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ToadCoffee,Multiplayer is about as easy to get going as IPX networking in Windows 95 to play Warcraft II.  Once you get it going though it's a blast.  As long as you have a super computer from space.Last night we crashed the moon into Earth to kill a single guy.  We also found and activated a Deathstar.
,Recommended,233250,13864276,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,S'AraisVanu,"Edit: Old review, game has come considerably far since the original review, however Titans+Legion has solved my complaints with the game. Go buy that instead. Don't buy Base PA- there's not much reason to.Compare it to Total Annihilation. This is practically a downgrade from that.Dislikes:1 factionNaval is meaninglessNo offlineIt's less advanced than SupCom- although thankful i am for that since I was never good at that.No strategy required.Planets are basically reskins of eachotherElevation is meaningless.Etc."
,Not Recommended,233250,15849867,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Gibbeth,Requires registration outside of steam. Lame.
76561197974713479,Recommended,233250,10852425,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Slamz,"Definitely worth it if you can get it on sale. Note that the focus is multiplayer. There is a single player mode now (""Galactic War"") but it's not meant to be a single player storyline experience like you might expect from Starcraft -- it's basically just a ""comp stomp"" type setup.But the multiplayer is pretty good and they've made some good design decisions that should keep this going in a good direction for big, fun, Total Annihilation style battles. I would say that this game is closer to a TA successor than a Supreme Commander successor, if that means anything to you.Anyway, still needs polish, still not ready for release but definitely going in a good direction."
76561198115101910,Not Recommended,233250,16902417,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Anti-Sphere,"Apparently this game doesnt support my graphics card, the reaspn o have so much time on it is because it worked for the first couple days i had it but now i cant even get off the menu screen without it crashing. good game for the time i could play it. and i would reccoment for people into RTS."
76561198156640825,Recommended,233250,31447876,Posted: 29 April,all,bndrylyr,UI is very laggy with high resolution displays. Changing down to 1080p fixes the issue for the most part but they need to address their UI problems.
76561198014050970,Not Recommended,233250,12327037,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Taco,The game would've been fun if it wasn't a buggy mess with performance issues.
,Recommended,233250,9372644,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,[TD] BigPapie,If you ever played Total Annihiliation and one of the Supreme Commanders. Then this is the perfect solution!It brings destruction to a whole new level.Played a 3 vs 3 vs 3 game. My team was the underdog with only 1 commander left. And after losing a planet and a moon we won on the remaining planet that wasn't completely colonised by the enemy yet.I give it a 10/10!
,Not Recommended,233250,17718586,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Psychedelic Cinder,"It's an unfinished game, what can I say? The devs got cold feet and said ""Screw it, lets make them pay for what they already bought and release a new game thats just this plus the updates we already promised them."" Basicly it means that if you already bought this game it will never be finished, but this new stand alone expansion they made will probably, keyword probably, be this exact game but with updates until its finished."
76561198011460550,Not Recommended,233250,17717754,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,JACE,"Buggy cash grab.Shadey developers and business schemes.Bad pathing.System errors.Move along, folks."
,Not Recommended,233250,17717824,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,7R1P0D,"never bothered actually finishing the game, just rereleased it under a new name and expected us to throw more money at them to get it"
76561198075757795,Not Recommended,233250,17724758,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,ProcrastinationPatient,Dont buy this game they are greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
,Not Recommended,233250,17719908,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,DEAKINNUMBERONE,terrible cash grab with the new expansion will never trust the devs. FIX THE GAME FIRST I HAVE CRASHES AND BUGS EVEN AFTER MULTIPLE PATCHES FIX THIS
76561198030275776,Not Recommended,233250,17720857,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,soulreaper,"i use to love this game and hoped it would get better.butt the lag in game make's it for me unplayable.and now they want me to pay again! for the same game? only because they added some new unit's and the titians, really?its the same game. why do i have to pay again for a update uber?i all ready paid 50 euro's!!!and am i gonna buy the update?...........what do you think?you had me at the start uber and now you lost me.dont buy these game's guys, dont encourage this kind of practice's.and uber do you want you fans back? make the update free."
,Not Recommended,233250,17719703,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Ethnographix,"If it weren't for such bloated price tags and equally absurd expectations for any expansions released, I'd say this game is MAYBE worth it but he marketing behind P.A. has been a joke. Just play C&C instead and get your (relatively speaking) money's worth. Really unfortunate it ended up like this."
,Not Recommended,233250,17721830,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Maycus,"Okay, let's do the Pros and Cons then Conclusion. (well you saw ""not recommended"" also, I added a story at the bottom, hoping you guys can read this and understand)Pros:- Unique as in it has multiple combat areas. Land, Sea, Orbital- Can be fun, if you like Hide and Seek.- Can provide entertainment for about 3 hours.- Planets go boom.Cons: (warning: a lot)- Please allow me to tell a story. I've been following this game since it's introduction to Steam. Early Access costs people about $80. ... ... Really?- Not very unique if you think about it. (Compared to other RTS games, it is the same, with different combats)- Orbital Combat is by far the most useless combat, ALONG with SEA.- Did NOT work on my Windows 7 build, but works on my Windows 10... WHAT?! WHY?!- Okay, so I don't normally judge a game by graphics. I'm okay with most graphics, however, I had a higher expectation. It was 2014 when you introduced this game and it looks like it came from 2005.- Most modes of combat are worthless. Sea, well, you require your enemy to base next to the sea... How... Bad.Orbital, well, you can't really attack your enemy using orbital and if you do, well, it's pretty useless as they most likely have an Umbrella already built.- Resources, okay, really? You want an RTS game, but want us to be annoyed with slowness, and be annoyed with the constant spam saying ""You are wasting metal and energy, go build more things"" when I'm on the verge of victory AND still producing units.- AI's... Too easy. I mean a Starcraft 2 Very Easy AI can beat your AI. Fix it.- Okay, time for the big one. Stand Alone Expansion (TITANS). You just divided your player base. AND it is FAR TOO EARLY for an expansion.... Oh wait? It's an expansion you said? YOU ADDED A FEW GIANT ROBOTS?! That is MORE OF AN UPDATE to me. That does NOT deserve an expansion. You copy and pasted your game, and added giant robots and called it an expansion... Geez, back when I had to buy games from a store, and an expansion came out, it contained a whole new campaign, new units, new items, maybe new graphics. This? This?! This is just a slap to everyone saying ""Give us your wallet and take our new copy and pasted game with Giant Robots. Oh? Got friends on Planetary Annihilation? Too bad. They don't get Giant Robots.""- No campaign... Why? You could have done a campaign and it would have been more interesting. You added that ""Your objective is to kill everyone"" AI voice at the beginning of the Galactic map, why not expand?- Hide and Seek. Seriously, you search for your enemy for minutes and learn they're on a different planet. Great.- Transport, sure the Teleporter is great, but you also have airships and such and a Galatic launcher...? Still worthless...Ahem. Conclusion.Based on everything up there, it's not worth it, and I still stand by it.The game is far too... I want to say incomplete...The game was seriously fun for awhile. It's like getting a mobile game, playing it for a few hours and then deleting it.Do not get this game if it's above like $5. Honestly, it's not worth it.The lack of content is sickening. And the fact it is all too repeative is too sickening too.I was nice. I gave this game a try. I examined and played it. And I'd just rather go to Starcraft and play games there.Honestly... It's bet to avoid this game. The developers claimed this will be a unique style of RTS, really, it wasn't.This game... Cash Grab... From the moment of release, cash grabbing. From the moment of it's lies, cash grabbing. I could have sworn, I saw a planet crashing into another, nope. Never saw it IN game. From it's $80, to whatever it is now... No. Don't get it.I have a friend who was SOOO hyped about this game. I tried telling him, ""You do realize, with that price, it's a cash grab. I've seen this happen so much, I know what will happen. Look at the graphics, they aren't even that good. Looks like minimal effort was put in."" Now, for my friend, I kept an eye on it, constantly getting the exact same idea, ""Cash grab.""I talked to him again telling him ""This is not going to be unique. You hate RTS games. I tried getting you to play Starcraft, you hated it. What the heck makes you think you'll like this? Explosions? Future-like? Uh, the fact they say it's going to be 'unique' even though it isn't? Look, I've been keeping an eye on this... thing, and everything points to what I said before. Bad. Cash Grab. You know them.""He continued to ignore me and get angry that I am telling him ""not to get it"" and well, the day where I pretty much said ""Fine, here, take it (gifting it to him) enjoy the cash grab. I'll also purchase it for myself as well just to see why you enjoy it.""Now he was running Vista or 8 (one of the two) and the game runs for him. I try playing it (and I was Windows 7 at the time) and it doesn't do anything. So I had the game sitting in my library for months.Finally, here I am, writing this. Warning you guys not to get it. Please. These guys are probably filling their mouths with that money you worked for."
,Recommended,233250,10951606,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Douglas Quaid,"Total annihilation fan here, Planetary Annihilation is the same almost, just way way better!"
,Recommended,233250,17615166,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,MasonIsAmazing,8/8 m8
76561198173063090,Recommended,233250,17665040,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Seymmelb,best rts game ever cant wait to play the new one
76561198073361038,Recommended,233250,17618364,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,ScrammbledEggs,"this is a really good RTS game and I strongly recomend it to people looking for an interplanetary warfare game and I bought this game when it was still 90$, I just wish that the titan update was just in the game or was free to the people who had bought the game before the update, still a great game though. :-)"
,Recommended,233250,17612609,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,aSpookyDragon,"This is one of my favourite games, the cartoony graphics look great and you can SMASH PLANETS TOGETHER!10/10 would annihilate again."
76561198143382592,Recommended,233250,17616902,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Pardon My Swag (Albi),Its ok i woukd recomend buying it on sale
76561198017215349,Recommended,233250,17617641,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,a140610 [HUN],"I like this game apart from, for first sight,  I could not understand how can I control sever planets in the same time.I played through several times the Supreme commander both part. So I was happy to see this game. To understand the teleport and the unit transport between planets was also difficult to understand for the first sight. So the game slept a lot of time in my library. I already do not know what brought the change, but I checked some YouTube tutorial, and after that I could not stop playing with this game. I dot not want to say it is perfect, but the developers continuously make it better, bring new thing into the planetary battlefield. Anyway the Titans could have been an major update too."
,Recommended,233250,17618880,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Proboater,"Planatery Annihilation: TITANS is this exact game, plus more.GET THAT GAME NOT THIS ONE."
76561198052841634,Recommended,233250,17619179,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,TerranTechnocrat,"I never thought I'd say this about Planetary Annihilation, but they really turned this game around. I rather enjoy it now. Its running smoothly on my PC, there are some graphical glitches here and there, but in recent updates, they've really patched it up and optimized it."
76561198042075729,Recommended,233250,17664763,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Cakegun,"Firstly, let me say that this game is actually very good looking at it from the perspective of someone who enjoys RTS and wants something new and different. The gameplay is a lot of fun, with real-time resource management, cumulative efforst on constructing buildings, and there are endless options for creating a unique play style. The singleplayer is a little weak at best, lacking a real campaign and instead being an assortment of small skirmishes in the galactic conquest mode. However, multiplayer is insane, with the ability to have very high player counts and a ton of different variations on gameplay based mostly on terrain and player styles.However, this game pales in comparison to its spiritual predecessors, those being Supreme Commander (Forged Alliance in particular) and the root of it all, Total Annihilation. Having played all of these games, I can safely say that I side with Total Annihilation as the best of this style of RTS. All three have their own merits, Total Annihilation has a huge unit variety, a defunct but still there multiplayer, and equally as many play styles as its successors, a very long and enjoyable singleplayer campaign, the most amazing voiceover ever for mission briefings, and an epic soundtrack, but I would not recommend trying to find it (not on steam sadly) if you value graphics as highly as gameplay. Supreme Commander has even more unit variety with probably the most unit types and variations of the three games, extreme modability, a lengthy singleplayer campaign, a lively multiplayer community provided you use the Forged Alliance Forever client, and tends to be on the cheap side of things fairly often here on steam. Planetary Annihilation has all of these things, clumped together with new features of access to multiple planets/fields of battle, planet smashing, giant space lasers, orbital unit types, unit cannons, an amazing soundtrack, and great camera options plus lovely graphics, but the game suffers from a fair amount of bugs and there is a fair amount of imbalance in terms of resources and terrain limitations (I'm looking at you, gas giants) but is overall a good game. If you're new to games like this, probably best to start with Supreme Commander as it's both graphically intuitive and holds your hand a little through the campaign, whereas Planetary Annihilation has a lackluster tutorial, and the AI is either a total pushover or will swat you like a fly.All in all, Planetary Annihilation is a good game if you want to shell out the money for it and you have some friends who want to play with you, but if you're here to play by yourself and want either a campaign or a good multiplayer, look into Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance and the Forged Alliance Forever launcher or Total Annihilation, you will have far more enjoyment from either of the two."
76561198079468316,Recommended,233250,17664934,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Sample Text,A great game to play with friends but be warned that many things are insanly unbalenced such as the metal planet laser.
76561198144920555,Recommended,233250,17684099,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,TheEventHorizon,"This is a Inter-Planetary RTS game where you win by not only killing but Anilating the enemy comander. it is a great game becuse its is about space for all the Sci-Fi Fans ou there. a bit hard at firts but tutorials help. There are good and bad sides to this game.Pros-Loads of Units Buildings and other stuff to chose from.There are 5 types of units:Tanks,Bots,Air, and orbital each with there own Fabrictor and attack units.Big Eco magagement with Energy And Metal.Some Really Cool Superweapons such as Nukes, Planet Smashing And Death Stars.Did i meanton planets? it has a Wide Range of Planets to chose from and Even Create Your Own Systems!Cons-Crappy Friends listIt is Really LONG games sometimesVery Rage Inducing when u die after like 50 mins of gameplay.i would give this a 9 and 1 half/10 stars for SPACE!!!! and a great RTS game Even if it has its downside."
,Recommended,233250,17685565,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,TheDisturbedDragon,"I like it a lot, though I do see a few bugs and things that could definately be improved.Pros:+Singleplayer ""war"" actually makes you stay active+Good AI for the most part+Multi-tiered unit building tree+Good multiplayer experience+Interesting way of using resources to improve your ""efficiency"" and thus build speed.Cons:-One of the ""Tech"" boosts you can find in single player war is a second commander and his team, making it possible to just build a s***load of defensive towers and just camp while he does everything for you-Hogs your memory a lot, CPU usage according to task manager is usually around 50-60 percent while this is open-Often when I switch out (alt-tab) to check something on skype or such, when I reopen the game it is just a black screen, forcing me to close the program and restart the game.-Crashes randomly, though I haven't seen TOO much of this-Constant messages about needing more resources if you don't go crazy with building metal extractors and power plants at the very start-I don't own titans yet on the singleplayer war, I've gotten a tech that says it enables the building of Titan units, yet does nothing.  If you are going to make us buy Titans too, don't put useless stuff in until we have the new game, it just clogs up my tech banks!There is one thing that I think is a real turn-off from this game though, and that's the recent ""Titans"" expansion being released as a whole different game.  Those of us who bought this game already didn't get anything from it, and I'm sure as hell not paying $40 for the SAME game plus the equivalent of a DLC. Maybe $5, but even that's pushing it for a game with the amount of new bugs I've been hearing about PA:Titans.  I know it's supposed to be 66% off for those who own the first game, but for me at least, it shows as being $39.99 still.  Even with the 66% decrease, it would be $13.54 (plus or minus a cent) and for 5 new titans, 16 small units and a tweak with the planet's landscaping, I don't think that's a reasonable price.  I paid for PA because it had all the sort of things I love in a game, the RTS style campaigns and more such as the multi-front(planet) war, but Titans isn't a new game, it's a re-release with a tiny bit more content.I can understand that in a game like Devil May Cry 4 Special Edition, where instead of just small aditions, they added four new characters each of which has a different playstyle and abilities, and story, that's worth buying it again.  But in this, if the titans are anything like the commanders, they all have the same abilities, attacks, and speed, health, etc, the only factor separating them would be their graphic design.So in summary, great game, I reccomend it and I would buy Titans if it came out as a $10 or less DLC."
,Not Recommended,233250,13368486,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Happy Spanker,Desperately tries to out be the new Total Annihilation but fails.
76561198028649625,Recommended,233250,17620476,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,TheHopelessNinja,"This game for what its worth is fun. The single player is hard but is fun  for a while... The gameplay does get old fast, although there is very little to keep things fresh. If you want a decent RTS in space then I would advise anyone looking to give this game a try  and to buy it on sale."
76561197967643963,Recommended,233250,11881825,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,K. Penney,"It's a good game with some flaws. Obviously good choice for former Total Annihilation / Supreme Commander fans, still feels like theres some ballancing issues, mostly in campaign as lots of techs are locked / AI has slightly more then you in one dept. or another. Still fun,challenging and also makes you want to keep trying even after you've been Totally Annihaliated!!!!"
,Not Recommended,233250,12046335,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,PhamTrinli,"Unplayable in fullscreen mode. Screen flashes constantly and feels like I may have a seizure if I watch it too long.No option to create a new account in the game's GUI and the game requires an account login to play, even in ""offline"" mode; They assume everyone has an account already.Feels like BETA. Wait to buy until they actually get the game working in a few patches.."
,Not Recommended,233250,20168050,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Phreezer,"Wow JUST WOW...I'll never play this game again simply on principle. Even if uber decides to do the right thing after the fact, business practices like asking backers (yes, early access is backing just same) pay twice for promised content is unforgivable. I never would've imagined such a tactic. I wish I could remove this 'thing' from my game list."
,Not Recommended,233250,20389185,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Vamp-A-Cow,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.  Total uncompleted junk.  I will never never never buy anything from this developer/group of coders again.  And now they have a paid ""expansion"" for it... HAH!  How about your jerk weeds finish the game you sold to everyone?"
,Not Recommended,233250,13593114,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Herpes Hank,they just put out an update that fixes the game + much more content but they're locking it behind a pay wall. theres no reason to own this anymore.
76561198008822225,Not Recommended,233250,19724699,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Rhah,Another kickstarter game that decided to screw their supporting fan base....go figure
76561198012299932,Not Recommended,233250,20388676,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Punch Facefist,"I bought early access to this game for $90 quite some time ago, believing that I was contributing to the development of an awesome game. After several hours in the game, I decided to wait and give the developers some time to continue working on it. After its official release, I came back to PA once more only to find a game that felt... empty; there is simply no other way to describe how it felt. Disappointed but still hopeful, I decided to wait for updates once more. Today was the day I decided to return for the final time. What did I discover? The same empty game, abandoned by the developers and replaced with a a low quality ""stand-alone expansion"". I want nothing more than that ridiculous sum of $90 back to spend on games that are actually worth playing."
,Not Recommended,233250,19954209,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,AlphaDingus,"The gameplay is fun as it is right now, however the devs have not lived up to what they said they would do *cough* multiplayer galactic war *cough*. Then they think that selling what should have been DLC as an entirely ""new"" game is a great idea. While the gameplay is fun, the devs need to deliever on what they said they would make and update this game. If/when they ever do I'll change my review."
,Not Recommended,233250,20146544,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,[HUN]Mysticman,"Almost the worst game ever, after many many patches and fixes and development this game still worth 1€ or nothing. It could be a good game I have been waited for a long time for this game but, this is a big dissapointment."
,Not Recommended,233250,20168224,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,death_metal_muffins,The game seems very great its just that for me it crashes when I play multiplayer and can only make it halfway through single player before that to crashes
,Not Recommended,233250,20393155,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,pul,"What the hell.Seirously, avoid this game. Actually avoid this developer.I wasn't a lucky kickstarter backer, who got the expansion for free.No, I was one of the 90$ purchasers back when this game was still an alpha in steam.What I recieved, still isn't a complete game.It's nigh impossible to get in contact with Uber to ask for help, and they literally removed this game from the steam market for a while due to it's terrible reviews, and launched the ""expansion"" for a fresh start.This developer is cancer, and I wish there was a way to bankrupt them. They do not deserve to be allowed to make games again with this absolutely horrid delivery on promises.I got scammed, and even at $30, I'd still say I got scammed.Buying this product, is buying lies."
,Not Recommended,233250,20142016,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Xenophlight,"I purchased this game in early access for more than it's sale price in good faith that the team at Uber would deliver. Instead they gave me a half finished game and put the features I expected in an expansion they are asking more for. This kind of behavior in a game studio is deplorable, and I wont be doing any business with them or their development team in future."
76561198026367630,Not Recommended,233250,20142158,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,sexyness,"Bought it for $60, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.... Can't even play it.... Something to do with wrong graphics card or something...."
76561198021873043,Not Recommended,233250,20142605,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,5!L3nT,"Buy ""Supreme Commander"" / ""Forged Alliance""  and maybe have an eye on ""ashes of the singularity"".The idea behind Planetary Annihalation is great, but unfortunately the finished game can't keep up with it ancestors and still appears unfinished... :-("
,Not Recommended,233250,20144932,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Cailith,Scumming money off kickstarter and releasing a game with almost no content and then releasing a full price expansion to add the content that should have been there in the first place
,Not Recommended,233250,20155287,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Gibbsman,Lame. Tried to like this but it's broke. Single player is lame. Multiplayer is better but still lame.
,Not Recommended,233250,20386805,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Niggachu,My time played says enough
,Not Recommended,233250,20390821,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,CynEater,Not a bad game..The delveoper is worse than EA they pretty much p#$%@#@ in everyones mouth that bought the orginal game.
76561198065807770,Not Recommended,233250,15840113,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,CartrzZ,was once able to load the game now it crashes for no reason :/
,Not Recommended,233250,19644939,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,TheGreatHornedOwlHeadSniper,"I am not here to discuss the stupidity of the TITANS upadate that is completely BS, but I want to talk about the game back when it was $50. I started playing it thinking that it was going to the next generation of TA. I was sadly disappointed. The planets have no obstacles, no speacial features, no way to just screw with your enemy. All you get are wide open fields making quantity over quality the only way you'll ever succeed (except for using AA units v. aircraft instead of flame tanks, ...). That was first problem. The next instance was when they did one of their stupid updates and I was locked into a system where the planets would never load for me on multiplayer. I had the 4GB RAM computer, and I had low graphics, but the planets would never load for me. Then there was the smashing planets feature, which was useless if you only had 1 v. 1 on planest. After that, I stopped playing altogether because all I could do was single player campaign, where all I had to do was launch a flame tank rush and they'd drop like flies.Honestly, I can say that TA, even with it's 200 unit cap, was a far supperior game, and it came out in the 1990s, and here we are today in the 2010s and we get this kind of crap.I applaud you Uber, you have just entered the Hall of Fame for Worst Game Develepers, and you are #1 on that list."
76561198064779545,Not Recommended,233250,19665016,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Pedantic Sandwich Man,"I want to like this game, but thats only because of total annihilation, I like the idea of simultaneous multiplanet battlefields, but good ideas dont always work in practice, mostly because I only have enough attention to dedicate to one campaign at a time, it just doest work if you want to chill and enjoy yourself, its kinda like trying to play 2 games of chess at the same time, well maybe not quite as demanding, but if you like that sorta thing be my guest this game is definately fast-paced and stimulating."
,Not Recommended,233250,20140801,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,G U A R D W A V E,Neat but not fun.
,Not Recommended,233250,20194014,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Gizter,"Apparently nobody plays this game but the full priced TITANS standalone expansionwtf is that marketing?the online multiplayer has like 5 open lobbies and 4 of them are only accessible with the titans versionwhy show it in the normal one then?also even though my pc has good specs the game would take 10 minutes to load a multiplayer game and crashed several times in my short playtime3/10 good idea, everything else was between meh and awfulEDIT: STANDALONE EXPANSION, you read that rightREFUNDED"
,Not Recommended,233250,20386294,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Syvyvn,"Greedy devs, automatic no."
76561197980238595,Not Recommended,233250,20389239,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,SmartAshe,Three letters sum up this game... WTF.I buy it.I play it.Now I have to buy it again.Thank you for royally ♥♥♥♥ing up the early-release system on steam.I hope you have enough cash to dry your tears of shame with.♥♥♥♥ You.
,Not Recommended,233250,20152412,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Morjoh,"Owned the base game, it was incomplete, DLC got launched and u are forced to buy.."
,Not Recommended,233250,17763561,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Beugnen,"It's a very basic game with a confusing interface consting of icons whose function I can never remember.  Is that the Enery Storage button?  No it's the Metal Storage button you silly person.- Of an interface that builds units that generally all look the same and whose function I can never quite remember- Of an annoying camera system that can't work out if it's a top-down or isometric perspective projectionWhere's my primary unit/big-robot-thing?  Oh there it is!  I thought that was a building!Having said all that, I like it better than the Supreme Commander series of games that were nothing more than a collection of unoptimised .EXEs.  I never saw the attraction there.   So what if you can build a zillion units.  Good for you, you do realise you have to then play the game in fully-zoomed out mode where everything is represented as a series of uninteresting static icons. At 5 FPS no less. Yawn.Would I recommend it?  Yes when its $5 and wish to give your visual recognition system a good workout.Oh if you ever wanted to know what OCD sufferers are like then play this game.  The mythos and science in the game are purely inefficient requiring you to build an inordinate number of power stations; metal extractors; storage units for this; storage units for that; guinea pig shops; just so you can build more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more units.  Whoops I forgot a unit.  Well there goes the game.Seriously, no wonder the common people are starving in this universe when the government spends all their resources on the great war machine."
76561198030355148,Not Recommended,233250,11678637,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,kolsto,"One thing i cannot understand, is when these brilliant minds KNOWS what sells. they KNOWS what is popular, and what gamers want. Still they are wasting time making games they KNOW never will be popular. I have a strong suspicion the makers of most games are people with zero experience with the type of game they are making. It would be like asking a person who hates fotball to make a fotball game.Why i complain?Yes because it would be so easy to make this a winner.#1: Make all the planets more or less 500% bigger. There is zero fun playing on a marble.#2: Let the gamer have access to every tech just like in the Total annihilation.#3: Let the sadistic fun come to life, let the gamer enjoy blasting everything into pieces with the EXACTLY details we enjoyed in total annihilation.So before you all attack my post, ask yourself: If this game is so good, how come a game from1996 is better than this??--My 2centavos worth."
76561197973475017,Not Recommended,233250,12116616,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Kimo,"""High priced beta to /avoid/ high alpha/beta player-volume.""Bull@#!$."
76561197992740670,Not Recommended,233250,12119893,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,m o r d,THis is the most unfinished pile of crap game ive ever had the misfortune of wasting my money on.
76561198002582850,Not Recommended,233250,12121014,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Ahma-771,"Far from a finished game, charging people money for this crap is criminal.Sadly, there is no money back guarantee, because I'd like my € back."
,Not Recommended,233250,12118901,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Kill22pro,"The game's concept is awesome but the art style got me annoyed which made me stop playing in the end, aka, it wasn't worth my money."
76561197968831441,Not Recommended,233250,12124943,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Bruce Wayne Gretzky,"Feels like a poor-graphics mix between Supreme Commander 1 & 2, plus the planet/orbital gimmicks thrown in of course.Several units & game mechanics are clearly taken from their predecessors.  They were done better there.Graphics:-Fairly ugly.  Cartoony can still look nice as evidenced by TF2, but I've seen these units look better elsewhere (SC1 & SC2).-Despite the simplistic graphics, load times are always atrocious.Single Player:-The AI has obvious flaws, it needed a bit more work before publishing this game.-The campaign is nothing more than a hack job.  The AI battle is far superior, and I'm not impressed with that at all.Strategy/Tactics:-Most of the basics are here, but there's no polish or balance.I won't speak to the multiplayer experience as I haven't played enough of it yet.I would feel better about this game's quality at a 10$ price point."
76561197967653232,Not Recommended,233250,12128258,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,lufalynx,Planetary Annihilation is to Supreme Commander what Chef Boy Ardee is to fine Italian dining.
,Not Recommended,233250,12120856,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,EdBoy,I think I need to stop pre-purchasing games and rethink my life.They show planetes and moons and destruction.So far only two real ways to transport units by interplanetary.Both are lackluster and have poor gameplay capabilities.Units are made for spam and nothing else.There are plenty of better (and far more in depth) RTS games on the market.
76561198124649606,Not Recommended,233250,12123395,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,bjaniszewski,"Do.Not.Buy.The game is buggy as hell, crashes ALL The time and takes forever to load. I'm running an i7 3770 on a SSD drive with 2gb graphhics card. SLOW! I'm currently looking to see if I can get a refund, it's THAT bad!"
,Not Recommended,233250,17680899,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Limey21,Grab the torches and pitchforks huzahh!
,Not Recommended,233250,12015793,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,x Princess Leliana x,"Its a brilliant game, it truly is, but there is no way in hell its released, its buggy, and there is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of content that was promised, but hasnt been included (eg offline plane, certan units/structures), the choice of units and structures is small, good enough, but not large enough to justify a good release. I do not recommend buying this as of right now, wait a bit, see if it gets updated, see how much content gets added and how often, if it continues to be updated as it has been prior to this, buy it, if not, save your money.EDIT: After Uber not only ""ditches"" this and has started a new kickstarter, they appear to be removing any post critisizing it, do not buy this, wait a year, then, if updated at the same rate it was while in beta, this game will have enough to be considered ""released"""
,Recommended,233250,15806596,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,No ABSoLout,"I like it, worth it if you get it on sale though, not full price :A"
,Recommended,233250,16482637,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,bocoarmy,badass game!
76561197974201179,Recommended,233250,16482991,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,jesper,needs troubleshootning in singelplayer mode but good game
76561198147429847,Recommended,233250,17607081,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,hambone10,"This game is amazing in current state, i find that many bad reviews are old, when bugs were a plenty, but that is such with anybody not patient enough to wait for the game to get through early phases."
,Recommended,233250,16483502,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,"Pete ""Mad Dog""","After initial teething problems, I have been enjoying my time with PA. It isn't a game I want to spend a whole evening playing, but its great for a quick AI skirmish a couple of times a week."
,Recommended,233250,23599777,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Dick Me Daddy,"Well... Here we go...Pros:Great gameplay.Zerg Rushes.Planets crashing into planets.Nukes.Huge array of mods.Annihalazers. Yep. Deathstars..Constant stream of updates and new official content.Cons:Better playing with friends, as multiplayer is where the pros lurk.Naval units are a bit OP.Annihalazers can only be used once.No helicopter units.Overall: Very Positive!Please, someone tell the devs to add helicopters..."
,Recommended,233250,12921486,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Tntt987™,"This game is hard, but it does have potential to be a good game.Saying that this is a horrible game is like saying that TF2 is a horrible game, it might be buggy and hard, but from what i've seen, its supposed to be hard.Uber, keep going!"
76561198043098329,Recommended,233250,12764351,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Major Nibbles,"This game is one of the best RTS's I've played. They are constantly making it run better and better, and although it took a while for them to get all the functionality out that shouldn't really affect any new peeps enjoying the game! They have taken an old school RTS idea and given it such a twist that a lot of people who don't like change may be over whelmed, but once you get used to it, watch a few youtube vids you will be loving every second."
76561198053426233,Recommended,233250,23362209,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,[32nd] Mike,Watch out...Large enemy force ahead.........LAUNCH THE NUKES MHAHAHAHAHA!
76561198084730922,Recommended,233250,12744984,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Tiger Samurai 42000,"A great Total Annihilation copy,basicly the same game as TA, but with space combat, 3D map (planets), and a working multiplayer option.An extremely complex RTS with so many viable strategies, and a huge competetive potential, it's truly a shame if it will be forgotten like Total Annihilation did.Game has much potential,6.2/10"
76561198040646001,Recommended,233250,12868983,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Dakila5,"Really fun to play. Can get repetetive at times fighting AI, but thats what the online is for. You can play as a giant commander moving your units around taking over a planet and its resources, to build more units so you can overwhelm, nuke, crash a moon, or fire a deathstar laser at your enemies. If that doesn't sound fun then videogames might not be your thing."
,Recommended,233250,12879313,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,<Kirby />,This game is amazing I can't stop playing it I love how the metal planets can become a death star kinda thing that destroys planets it is super fun to do that
,Recommended,233250,12008479,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Devcon,This is the go-to game for intense RTS gameplay. Finally you can have full scale battle that no other RTS can provide. This game in engineered for tournaments so you can get as detailed you want but maintain great control with its superior GUI.
,Recommended,233250,13187116,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Spartan Hoplite,"The graphics are NOT badThere IS strategy (because it’s all about fog of war and paying attention to your opponent to counter them)The planets are NOT flat (because if you actually f***ing play the game, you'll see plenty of plateaus, volcanoes, and cracks that restrict movement)There ARE unit varieties (FOUR CLASSES, land, naval, air, and orbital, with units that each have their own purpose in their respective battlefields, all with TWO TEIRS! look up the list of units instead of assuming that the ones you can't build yet aren't there!!!)There IS flanking (with air units, teleporters, or just sending units across the f***ing planet!!! THE WORLD IS ROUND!!!!!)Almost everyone giving bad reviews aren't thinking, and don't consider that maybe they just aren't good enough to play the difficult, attention demanding game! Yes, it's not perfect yet, and yes, galactic war is a huge disappointment, but the game has plenty of content, you can make your own system ingame! That’s reason enough to say this game has content!Also... HAD NO TECHNICAL ISSUES ON MY F***ING 4 GIG RAM LAPTOP!!!!! Get a better internet provider."
76561197960580007,Recommended,233250,12022423,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,[CN] Cookie,"This game is really good! if you like your RTS games then this is for you!   Its easy to grasp, so new players dont be deterred! The sound track is so befitting and perfect for battle! I usually mute music in RTS games but i have to have this enabled!  The levels of tactics is endless and if you really want to cause havok, simply build large engines on a moon and smash it into an enemy planet! so so much fun to do that!If i was to nit pick, i'd say that naval bases arent really needed, not like in the supreme commander series, the oceans on the planets arent big enough for naval units....maybe space fights could have been implemented?? If your commander dies its game over, so an option to have annihilation mode would be cool, where you have to destroy all units and bases to win. Sometimes you can rush their commanders and win in like 25-30mins, even sooner if they start on your planet.I'd rate this game 8/10, a must buy for any RTS player and new players wanting to taste RTS action!"
76561198033353849,Not Recommended,233250,8810753,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,BloodSpartan,If i could request my money back i would. I rushed my decision to support this game. Maybe in the future if will be a 6 out of 10 game. Something to fill your time. Also i would recomment to wait for it to drop in price by about 75% then consider purchasing it. Lastly just wait for a more fininshed product. 60 US dollars to much for such a bad game..
,Not Recommended,233250,12123671,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,VEF215,"Everyone is the same faction spamming the same boring units.If you like looking at icons of units and issuing the Attack Move command, this is the game for you.For the rest of us RTS guys, who like depth, originality, and fun, steer clear.3/10"
,Recommended,233250,12820807,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Empirix,♥♥♥♥ NOT THE MOON AGAIN
76561198128247394,Recommended,233250,13100121,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,LmalukoBR,"I bought this game when it was released in gamma in may. I've been having a blast with it to this day, the multiplayer is fast and fun, unfortunately single player can be a let down since the galactic war feature is not very well implemented yet. With that said keep in mind that the Ai in the game is very good and you probably still gonna have fun just playing skirmishes, but for me nothing beats playing against humans.The main focus of the game is macro units don't have special abilities and most of the time you don't have to be babysitting them. This is definitely not starcraft how fast can you click won't save from bad strategical decisions.Also this game has scale with armies of hundreds or thousands of units facing off as you hop around multiple planets and moons, you will find out one of the most value resources in tis game is player attention.This game says it's released but it's still a bit rough around the edges with  a few features still missing and some performance problems in bigger matches. But don't let these little problems scare you away from one of he most fun RTSs that have been launched in a long time."
,Not Recommended,233250,29472551,Posted: 24 January,all,Prominent Penguin of the South,Would rather buy WinRar...
76561197970852189,Recommended,233250,12019668,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Pirkule,"Can't help it. I enjoy playing this very much. Atleast on the single player mode. Not so much fan of getting beaten on multiplayer, but it ain't the game's fault."
,Not Recommended,233250,9324018,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Shadowknight448,"must take off ""always online""."
,Not Recommended,233250,8515357,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,AlmostLastPlace,Too expensive for what this game is at this point. Early access prices are higher than release price (supposed to be 40$) and this needs a lot more time in the oven to be a good game.
76561197961308171,Not Recommended,233250,8667661,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,LondonCalling,Overpriced. Laggy. I would not buy this game in its current state.
,Recommended,233250,12030839,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Wordsworth,"It's like Total Annihilation, but with 2 New spines, First the Introduction of Space unit's and structures, Second the Use of planets in a Singel map enviroment. See how the fight goes When someone drops a planet on you ;)"
76561197987440644,Recommended,233250,12029995,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,JStanley,"better than planetary annihilation, with more features and a lot of surprising new map types."
76561198125773468,Not Recommended,233250,12837090,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,FlyingKewi41,Game almost never starts right. It'd be super fun if it did work.
76561198084285654,Recommended,233250,26482208,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,[ ϵϕ ] Chase,this is a rad game
,Recommended,233250,12620788,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Illuminutter,"Planetary Annihilation is a fun and exciting game if you know how to play properly. I find that it doesent lag except when you have hundreds of units on the screen at once but only a little. Although the gameplay might be a little bit slow and boring and the beginning of a match but it quickly gets much more interesting. Sadly, the problem with this game is it is not for everyone. Really to enjoy this game you need to enjoy these kinds of realtime strategic games, also if you dont know how to play properly you are going to have a very bad time. I will never forget the site of a moon flying towards a planet or completely annihilating a planet with a laser. I think this game is excellent and should be given a shot. All those people who wrote reviews they are out dated. There is less lag, the can save your game and the naval units are very powerfull."
76561198079175731,Recommended,233250,25053617,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Young Cheesewheel,">Started first game>Selected ""Collision"" System>Played normally for some time>Planet with all the other players suddenly crashes into mine>Realizes they were on a collision course, hence the name>Everyone loses10/10 would die in a fiery explosive collision of planets again (game is a bit pricey, wait for a sale)"
,Recommended,233250,23785237,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Vortex_,"""There is only one purpose... One goal... And that is to Annihilate!"" And this games fulfills it's promis of that greatly! Definately one of my most beloves RTS games ever!"
76561198114556981,Recommended,233250,30990798,Posted: 6 April,all,emarthinsen,Great strategy game. Way underrated.
,Not Recommended,233250,14884839,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,wiidad,"What a huge let down. Have they even played the original in the last ten years? If they have, then how can they trade off Total Anihilation's name with this mess and still sleep at night? I am at a loss to how they could create such a great game so many years ago from scratch with far less and then churn out this heap of slag today... Its just disapointing. Well, at least we still have the Supreme Commander Franchise to hold us over until something worthy of filling this space in our hearts comes along...We still own and play the original TA, with all of its addon splendor including Core Contingency, Tactics ect... If you remember what that game was truly like, I just don't see how anyone can play this one with any measure of satisfaction..."
,Recommended,233250,12021846,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,COVFEFE -  ⚡G-Fuel⚡,Actually a really fun game that is similiar to supreme commander but with a space layer. 9/10
,Recommended,233250,13952757,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Coderz,"Beautiful, Amazing, Perfect and the most enjoyable RTS money can buy!This is a dream for RTS Fans. Best game play experience with friends of all time. Anyone can love it!10/10 - ""Awesome Filled"""
76561198038784630,Not Recommended,233250,9293499,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,elektrik,"AWEFUL.... It's crash-tastic. Start the game before it even opens, it will crash. Try again gets to loading menu crashes.  Go to log in, it crashes. Try and start it again and it crashes. the 2 seconds of gametime i got it crashed again"
,Not Recommended,233250,9335945,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,[A]MD还在做显卡？,"Don't buy this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.The same type as Supreme Commander but worse control and even worse graphic.And the most important point is, the quality doesn't match the price,even -40% is much too expensive for a♥♥♥♥♥♥like this.I'll not say anything if the price is 10EUR, but 49,99EUR ?  The only thing left in the designer's brain is cheating money."
76561198093702484,Not Recommended,233250,12494510,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,The_Mad_King,doesn't work on macs.
,Not Recommended,233250,9291226,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Goat37128,really? i payeda hefty price as is u guys just lost a suppoter
76561197995233041,Not Recommended,233250,8892444,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,BlueWaffle,"I got my hopes up for this but none of my consoles can handle it. It made my laptop's video card go bad just trying to keep up with it. Until they make it playable on non-super computers, it is a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,233250,8912014,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,SpaceBuddy,nothing but lag
76561198035400657,Not Recommended,233250,8940207,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Mr Priest,hmmm a shame it dont♥♥♥♥♥♥♥work
76561198131349131,Not Recommended,233250,13902487,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Spoogle,"Bought for 5, crashed on singleplayer.I suck at mulitplayer so this game was dead end.9/11 would crash again"
,Not Recommended,233250,9032641,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Rhymin-$imon,Trailed looked nice. I thought that it has potential. After all it's priced like a triple a game (45€).Before I continue let's make clear what the definition of the word beta means in my opinion:In my term beta means that the game is nearly done and there are only bugfixes and the main features are done.The first suprise occured during the download (only 800 MB).Gameplay:The Graphic is older than oldschool. Can't even be compared to games like Company of heros 2 or even the old Command & Conquer Tiberium wars (released at least three years ago).The mouse control is not the norm for strategy games (of course you can get used to it).I played it only half an hour cause it's very laggy. And the graphic is really bad.Hopefully there will be an update available at the release date which supplies the missing 8 Gigabyte game content ;) (with the nice models and the dx11 shaders).But I've my doubts.It's kinda bold demanding 45€ for this game. Probably worth the half.@Developer:The game can't handle multiple monitors. I can move my mouse on my right monitor. If I click on it's content the game will be minimized! Basic stuff.....
76561198047754722,Recommended,233250,13124990,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,grandpa,This game is 10/10
76561198003425277,Not Recommended,233250,8930742,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Attila[DK],"sept. 2014Revisited the game as its now released. Not many changes , or atleast least visible to me ""changes"" since july. Started a single player game and after 25 minutes the game crashed... uhm... Graphics still look like lego and gameplay is NO WHERE near Supreme Commander or Total Annhiliation - its still really weird looking and feeling very akward - but then again, i am a grown up, what do I understand.july 2014Game is much better than in start of beta release. The game is playable - or semi-playable. In multiplayer, you can expect massive lagspikes, out of control units, stuck commander, units that dont respond to your clicks. Graphics is much better, but buggy and laggy - does not look like something from a modern RTS game. Too many overpowered destruction weapons like planetkillers, make the game a non defense game - which I think sucks bigtime - no counterweapons for a planetkiller gun??? WTF? I spend 80 euro, and feel robed, as they are now launching ""pay to get""! and I didnt get♥♥♥♥♥♥for it......The single player is better than the multiI still cant recommend the game."
,Recommended,233250,12792262,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Jonuz,"One of bests RTS games I have ever been playing, if you like RTS games you should buy this, at least from some sale. Ranked matchmaking was already added to game and ladders are also coming soon, of course game could be polished little more but this is still easily playable if you have enough RAM, my CPU is in fact pretty poor (intel core 2 duo) but I can still play quite big systems compated to CPU."
76561198093799642,Recommended,233250,13094736,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,♥ sleepy ♥,200 hours and still going strong. I like this game.
,Recommended,233250,23806637,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Buzuki,very good kappa
,Not Recommended,233250,31110966,Posted: 12 April,all,melongrab,Never buying an Uber game again.  Glad I backed this on Early Access just to get f888ed over.This game never lived up to expectations and promises and then Uber released TITANS to ask for more money.
76561198086293705,Not Recommended,233250,31707004,Posted: 12 May,all,Dragon Equinox,"It certainly looks cool. I guess that's why I bought it so long ago. And I have tried several times to play this game, but for whatever reason, clunky interface, confusing mechanics, awkward camera controls, simplistc goals, etc, I simply stop playing in frustration. Time to delete it from my library."
,Not Recommended,233250,12035132,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Mackledog,"This game is an overall disappointment. The graphics are cartoonish and hokey. The textures in the game leave a lot to be desired. As far as the units go, they look like they were designed by a two year old.The gameplay is disorienting. every time you zoom out to manage units on another layer, your camera angle changes. This isnt a big deal, but if you are trying to manage a large battle it can hinder you.My largest complaint is how buggy the game is. I cannot get through any mission without the game crashing. I have tried on win 7, win 8, and win 10.I am a huge fan of the original Total Annihilation, found onGOG.com, that PA is loosely based on. Because of the playability of the game, or lack thereof, I just cant get in to this game.I was an idiot and purchased the pre release version for $80 to support this project. However, I would recommend someone not spend more than five bucks on this game."
76561198062653983,Not Recommended,233250,12063200,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,INSANEFIRELOARD,Wow Ubersoft screwed me on this one. Got me all hyped up in the Alpha testing so I bought this game at full price of $59.99 expecting great results. Ubersoft gave me the exact opposite of my expectations. When the game finally released I wanted to cry. This game is so boring with repetitive building and long distance attacking. No attention to individual detail of the units just a plain bold colors. Then the game goes half off to $29.99 realizing the game does not have much potential. So I'm out $59.99 for investing in the game and company. I don't care how good a game Ubersoft comes out with I will always be leary of buying it. They have tarnished their name in my opinion with this release and gave me the impression of a  generic company that doens't pay much attention to detail and focuses most their attention on sales than opposed to satisifying the customer.  I've got many games and play on a daily basis. I am a businessman and a gaming consumer just check my profile. Take my advice don't waste your money on this game no matter how good the trailer is.
76561198051075163,Recommended,233250,30836972,Posted: 30 March,all,Definitely Not Satan,so good
,Recommended,233250,20197473,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,AidanPhilip!,Very fun real time strategy! Worth every dollar and penny!
76561198006742616,Not Recommended,233250,9062514,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,CalibrationHero,"Never going to be fun. Ever.Maybe in a year (as of February 2014) this is going to be moderately playable, other than that I suggest you go check out Supreme Commander Forged Alliance."
,Not Recommended,233250,22875180,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Gryffin DarkBreed,It'd be a better game if the AI had a difficulty curve that didn't resemble a cliff face.
76561198043685721,Recommended,233250,13132861,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Atreides,"This game is a fun, symmetrical RTS. It's all about continuous expansion and trying to outproduce and outmaneuver your opponents in a multiplanet setting, where the planets themselves sometimes act as weapons or projectiles. Staying focussed and being able to multitask are essential for victory.With many 100's of units moving on several moving planets the game suffers from occasional lag but is stable enough to have long, enjoyable battles. I therefor recommend it."
,Recommended,233250,12006331,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,H2o82,Yesterday I threw a small moon at someone's base... today I conquered a small solar system.Without a Doubt the best Strategy game since SupCom. Bloody awesome!!
76561198061743406,Recommended,233250,12025711,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,UGPoseidon,Best game ever made. Enuff said stop reading this and buy this game NOWARE YOU STILL HERE?WHAT ARE YOU DOING WITH YOU LIFE?BUY THIS GAME AND STILL ASK YOURSELF THAT QUESTION.JUST WHILE HAVING FUN 10/10
76561198121826638,Recommended,233250,30914279,Posted: 2 April,all,ktyser13,"Well i bought this for $30 because i used to play it way back when and i say some reviewa saying ""THey are selling air."" and stuff but i thought they were full of crap but nope my game is not working it goes through the loading screen and say some pln.e something and i just want to know how to fix it. But if it was like how I used to play it is a great game one of my favorites. If you have any comments comment or message me."
,Not Recommended,233250,14758585,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Peace was never an option,Not nearly finished...needs to be in alpha
76561198026331367,Not Recommended,233250,14760838,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Zerhu,"The mechanics are not explained at all,the camera is hard to control (you end up spining the planet and can't return to initial position).And it has no tutorials."
76561198003741766,Recommended,233250,10193892,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,ZOD (FUTURE USSR),Games just shouldnt be released in alpha
76561197996549071,Recommended,233250,7776899,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,SHOTFORCE,"this game is a long over due breath of fresh air to a choked out genre. i have been having a blast with friends, recommend this game to any RTS Fan.please keep in mind that the game is in a ""True Beta"" state, meaning its not a finished game and the support and drive from the devs is absolutly amazing.~Shotforce~"
76561198017431244,Recommended,233250,7905927,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,GI Joe,Amazing Game would recommend to anyone who loves RTS
,Recommended,233250,7962763,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,bob138,"Extremely fun game, while pricey it is 100% worth it. Think of it as a kickstarter purchase, that is all, and the game is extremely fun. You can smash moons into planets, command armies, play against up to ten people or AIs. A must buy."
76561198073242354,Recommended,233250,7986969,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Arbiter0209,"Great game, needs some fixing but for it's current stage it's very, very fun to play and good to play with friends."
76561198075142750,Recommended,233250,12627257,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Toxic Muffin,"This game is great, can't ask for anything else. Nostalgia kicked in within 10 seconds of playing and can't wait to see what else is to come. Awesome game."
,Recommended,233250,13108437,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Skorbian,I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game
76561197960461372,Recommended,233250,13099647,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Mr Furious,glassing a planet has never been better (send 10+ nukes to a planet). Still far from complete but the Devs are hard at work and regularly update it. Tons of fun
76561198018664135,Recommended,233250,13139582,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,ryann50,"I recommend the game, under the condition that Uber keeps updating the game.  They fixed a lot of stability issues and keep making pvp better, but they game lacks a bit of substance.The gameplay is really fun, and that is what makes this game worth picking up.  Especially if it is on sale.  Otherwise it could use some improvements.  Graphics are ok, space and planets look awesome and the lighting is perfect.  Troops are pretty damn plain though, like tablet game quality.  One thing that would be nice would be ability to have larger campaigns and better stories.  After taking over a galaxy, I want to be able to keep my commander build and go take over another galaxy.  These things are just nit picking.The important things that they need to fix are stability issues.  I have an SLI system and it's a real pain that this game crashes my SLI configuration every time I play.  The game in no way needs SLI, but it would be nice if I didn't have to reconfigure my hardware every time I want to play this game.  The game still starts to lag out after long battles, time will actually start to slow to a crawl and movement slows.I still recommend this game given the criticism.  Uber has been good about listening to feedback and applying fixes up until this point.  If they continue then I can see this game getting better and better."
,Not Recommended,233250,9284011,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Arky,Not worth the money.
,Recommended,233250,25189729,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Healz,Kill the ennemies because it has not the same color as usRacism simulator10/10Would destroy planets for Blue Supremacy again
,Not Recommended,233250,15122108,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Dreadleif,"I was tricked into buying this game with the promise of a clever RTS with innovative functions. I'm a WC3 and SC2 veteran and have played RTS games more than I should. This game is not a good RTS game. The only strategies that work involve pumping out a ton of units early in the game, and sending them like a constant stream towards your enemy. The whole game is basically just about pumping out units and A-moving them across the map.Don't buy."
76561197993404097,Not Recommended,233250,9286596,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Mr. Lahey..,"This game is just a re-mapped version of Supream Commander with UGLY graphics and buggy game play.  Oh and it's ONLY ONLINE multiplayer so if you manage to find a game after a half hour or so of searching, good luck getting it to launch successfully.  Worse than SimCity5 online mechanics.  I want my money back for this piece of trash.  I should have known why they dropped the price by 40% already.  I'll never buy another game from this lousy developer."
,Recommended,233250,12699008,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Spooky,"Fun game! Always different because you can make so many mini-games and new systems. That being said there is still lots of missing content, there are no tier 3 units and their is not much for tier 3 defence. It'd be nice if commanders had different abilities and stats but other than that 10/10 would smash moon into friend again."
76561198009629268,Not Recommended,233250,14390909,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,jtreser,"The problem with this is I have not played it, simply because it asks me to create a account for something that has a single player mode. Going forward this should be in the requirements so I would have known upfront not to buy. Your game is that not that important that I need to waste my time managing yet another username and password."
,Not Recommended,233250,15815113,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Mymothersmeatloaf,"I had high hopes for this game. Extremely High hopes. So high that I bought multiple copies for my other friends when the game was 60$ and made it one of the best games that I'd play for a long time. The trailer was amazing, launching asteroids at peoples planets, being able to shoot them down, being able to build on an asteroid in general, being able to fight in space. Saddly. None of that ever made it into the game. And saddly. Most of their other promised content never made it as well, and it took people complaining, and threatning refunds for them to actually shape up.The combat is a joke, and is extremely spammy, you can win a battle by spamming thousands of bots, but that isn't even the worse part of the game.The planets. Yes I said it. The most highly anticipated thing of the game, is actually the worst thing for it. People turtle on them, eventually it becomes impossible to invade and you're stuck having to plink eachother with nukes every once in a while. But even then, they'll set up anti nukes EVERYWHERE, which throws that strategy out the window, or how about the unit cannons? Send swarms of units to their planet and hope that they do something? No. Set up umbrellas EVERYWHERE, that throws that strategy out the window.The game company is also known for ditching their products in favor of new ones. They're literally the prodigy of broken promises. So do I reccomend this game? No. I wouldn't, if you really want to get your fill of an true RTS experience, buy supreme commander 1 and forged alliance."
,Recommended,233250,15818021,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Moe Lester,♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,233250,12726440,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Starforged,"Really dissapointing.This game is not necessarily bad, everything works, production quality and performance is OK, the UI is good and the AI rushes you within 5 minutes instead of twiddling its thumbs (on Normal in Skirmish).But it does the worst thing a game can do: being bland and boring.None of the charm of Total Annihilation is present and it does not even improve on the original features present in TA.There is no Single player Campain, don't let the menu fool you into believing that the Single Player Mode is anything but a string of Skirmishes in which the only progression is unlocking the features already present in the multiplayer mode.In my opinion the focus on planetary maps makes this game worse because there is no strategy to any position except the proximity to your enemy and save for a few obstacles the maps (planets) are the same.Just get Total Annihilation on GOG and look for mods here:http://www.tauniverse.com/If you're looking for an OK modern take on this genre then go for Supreme Commander 1 and it's expansion Forged Alliance (the story is kinda meh but who gives a f***).Supreme Commander 2 might be your cup of tea as well, but expect a more streamlined gameplay experience (and even worse story ;))."
,Recommended,233250,12858194,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Nadian,"Where do I start...Planetary Annihiltion is the spirital successor to Total Annihilation. A great, classic RTS that I really enjoyed. Planetary Annihilation has some neato mechanics like smashing (No Nigel Thornburry pun intended.) moons and planets together, movies units to one planet to another and building away from the enemy, natural events that rarly happen.People complain about lag even on expensive gaming computers. I myself have an expensive computer and have not encountered any lags but I have crashed a few times. People are also complained about features that have not been added in yet. I have hope that the devs will add in those features but I like them game with or with out them.The game can get boring without any one to play with (Atleast for me.) I always play this with someone so I recommend trying to get a friend to play with you.The AI is pretty brutal and it can make it hard to learn the basics if your not familer with RTS games. Most games against the AI will most likely take up to 20-60 minutes.Over all I really enjoy this game. It has fun gameplay and fun mechanics and the artstyle is very well done. Id give this game a try if your looking to try out some new RTS games."
76561197970384487,Not Recommended,233250,23351428,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Poltsi,utter garbage
,Not Recommended,233250,24844771,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Spaceman Spiff,"First, let me start off by saying I wish Steam had a neutral option to choose in reviews.Did I enjoy this game?Heck yeah I did.I had a blast playing 1v1s and FFAs with my friends, I designed cool systems to play on, and I met nice folks in online lobbies.Should you buy this game?No.Instead, I recommend the superior ""Planetary Annihilation: TITANS"". Should it have been released as a new standalone game? Not really. The UI is the same, there aren't any graphical improvements (that I know of) and it feels like the same game in ways. However, it improves on a lot of things in Planetary Annihilation (Classic).The new Titan-class units are a breath of fresh air and have the potential to turn the tide of every battle.The ""single faction problem"" is resolved with a high-quality community mod called the ""Legion Expansion"". Not only does it fit into the lore of the game, but it provides a new play experience with enough differences to produce intricate interactions between factions.I loved this game, but you should probably buy ""Planetary Annihilation: TITANS"" instead."
76561198029718613,Not Recommended,233250,31176871,Posted: 16 April,all,Nobody8038,"Bought a broken game.The real one would be TITANS, as I've heard from other people.Simply don't buy this one."
76561198092131731,Recommended,233250,31332401,Posted: 23 April,all,St4ike,"This game is extremly fun for those who like the RTS playstyle. I have not really liked RTS much much, but this game makes it all so much fun. It might take some time to get used to, but is worth it in the end."
76561198030318312,Recommended,233250,24878996,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,-[NZ]Exorbit-,"So... was playing on a 2v2v2v2... Spawned on a moon, spawned alone on the moon (Happy)! Moon orbits lava planet, Enemy launches a asteroid at the lava planet.  At this point in time you can probably quess what happens next. My moons orbit crosses the parth of the asteroids flight path..... You have been annihilated 10/10 would spawn on the same moon again."
76561198085938836,Not Recommended,233250,28522151,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,TheRetardedScout,"The Game is very fun, with that being said the game has some flaws, some being the lack of action. thats the reason i dont have many hours in this game, i was a big fan of Sup Comm and Sup Comm 2 and this game doesnt have that pazaz but for someone that did not play the previous games. i bet it would be a blast!Pros:Massive maps!Launching planets into planets! (who doesnt like that!)blowing up planets with the death star!battles seem way too cool!attacking is really fun!Strong modding communityCons:Lack of unitsAi's are really easyNot many people are playing the gameCrashes all the timebattles are short livedDefence is almost impossibleNo restrictions/Bans (Before the game banning nukes or something like that)Verdict: 6/10The game itself would be a 4/10 but the multiplayer and the modding community really help this allready dry game, i was so hyped for this game, "" Sup Comm 3?"" but it really did not live up to its expectatins, they were trying way to hard to be different. i would reccomend this game for people that casually want to hop into a game and maybe play one game or so because thats about the only fun you can get out of it untill its dryer then the Sahara Desert"
,Not Recommended,233250,33751744,Posted: 23 July,all,GONDOLA,Better play Supreme Commander 1
,Recommended,233250,22527108,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Bobblehead245,"Although i personally love this game, I do not think it is worth the full price. It is a really interesting and fun RTS, so wait until a sale or something and get it."
76561198085257827,Not Recommended,233250,17513752,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Kyler9437,"THis game just makes me sad. I loved playing TA when I was a kid and still play it now. When they showed the first trailer for it I got so excited that this was going to be TA x5. I spent $60 when it came out and I was and still am super disapointed by it. Its super buggy, like game breaking bugs that make you restart everything just to get it back to the way it should be. Also to make maters worse the game is now half the price it was when it was in alpha and when ever it goes on sale (which it does often) it drops down to a pethetic $6. Its just a major slap in the face to anyone who backed them early on."
,Recommended,233250,23622616,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Sontaran,Derp
,Recommended,233250,12019637,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,DED,"An amazing spiritual successor to Total Annihilation. Buy it, the scale of combat here is just ridiculous."
76561198049663121,Not Recommended,233250,13961658,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,AW,The game is very good but i cant recommend it until they fix the AI or add lower dificulty because in the first 5 mins the NORMAL AI has an army of tanks and hes sitting on top of a moon ready to launch
,Recommended,233250,14766337,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,/pol/,Nemicus is bae.10/10
76561197966358311,Not Recommended,233250,14775543,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Ketamarine,Highly meh... not a very good successor to the total annihilation / supreme commander games.. Just play supreme commander (I think the first one is best?) instead...
,Not Recommended,233250,15027055,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Artige,I was expecting better
,Not Recommended,233250,14186369,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Punk -TPF-,"Super Repetitive, and no strategy at all. I'm not sure if I did something wrong but there was no guide to navigating the game in the begining. Took me awhile to get used to the layout without an intro level. Not sure if it's just my inexperiance with RTS games though. 3/10"
76561198061807565,Not Recommended,233250,14006319,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Cl1neluck,"The core concept is fun as is the gameplay. Unfortunately the game crashes almost hourly, and when it doesn't crash you run into some major balancing issues in areas like Galactic War. For example getting advanced air tech but not being able to access it due to not having basic air tech. Very frustrating game. Needs balanced badly!!"
76561197993514505,Recommended,233250,12030269,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,jampy00,"Yet again I read/watched way to many reviews before making my purchase. But I am really pleased with Planetary Annihilation, mind you I never really got into the whole ""kickstarter"" thing. They game has no issues running on high on my mid end PC rig, I do note some stuttering, but from what I read that is a server issue. For me this RTS is tough and I find myself on the run even fromt he AI, I may suck but the game doesn't.8 outta 10"
76561198069678769,Recommended,233250,13084587,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Nuttez,Love to play it every day only reccomend if you like rts
,Not Recommended,233250,13195128,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Ecolink,Unfinisheddevelopers just decided to quit development.Campaign is highly lacking in all depth.Multiplayer is abysmalhas less content than similiar games in the genre made with the same development time.Do not buyi feel sorry for the blokes who bought this mess at pre alpha for over 60 buckswould ask for refund if i could.
,Not Recommended,233250,13926625,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Emjay,"I bought this game thinking it would be good, it wasnt."
76561198072962811,Recommended,233250,8449695,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Aresuft,10/10 gr8 ba8 m8
76561198061944907,Not Recommended,233250,10234699,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,SuperHippo,it just doesnt open. fix it now or i am going to sue you
,Recommended,233250,7815464,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Thorton,Amazing! The best strategy of the last years. If you a fan of Total Annihilation or Supreme Commander series - you must have this game =). Gameplay - very strong. In the game combined a huge tactical and strategic potential. The one fraction - but a tremendous amount of ways to develop(although originally set of buildings/units seems small). Even the game vs AI will interest you for many hours. The only minus - the poor graphics(as for me). Some landscape details looks ugly.  But this is a beta - and I think graphics will be polished. My estimation - 9.5/10
,Recommended,233250,8032488,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Mq A-V-8R,"Epic Game with much potential to grow and develop.will be released Early 2014, but the Beta already is pretty awesome!Try it"
,Recommended,233250,8102199,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Liamnf481,Great game. Playable for hours on end!
,Recommended,233250,12330407,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Pinworm,It's like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ where the girl takes forever to undo your zipper and she coughs once in a while
,Recommended,233250,13905349,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Private Pyle,"Just got this game, and its great! Hardcore RTS fans might not like this game, but if your either new or dont play too much RTS, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,233250,12826902,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Bledge,"This is an amazing game, crashing a moon into a planet then shooting the same planet with a deathstar laser feels so goodi can confirm that every scene in the video past 40 seconds is actual game footage, even if it looks fake i can ensure you its just that good10/10 ""its ok"" -IGN"
,Not Recommended,233250,13919743,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Lando Eggbert,"It has the makings of a good, innovative strategy game, if it weren't so damn clunky. In an RTS game, one expects at least to be able to build armies without having to micromanage every aspect of every base. What gameplay there is is inhibited by the fact that only the devs know how to play this. I am saddened by this waste of potential."
76561198078241115,Not Recommended,233250,13596584,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Atrion,"This is just... not  what I expected. ""epic battles"" - they said.. but it is just a boring robots vs the same robots. This game is worth nothing... I bought it when it was more than 20 pounds in early access. Such a disappointing. I should read a book instead... maybe twilight.... yeah, that would be better than this... If you buy this game, you buy the name, not the game! - keep this in your mind."
,Recommended,233250,13915670,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Valco82,ARE YOU Fin KIDDING ME $6!!
,Not Recommended,233250,10651024,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Zoo,Is like starcraft but laggy and bad.
76561197978970739,Not Recommended,233250,13897192,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,MISG,I very shallow game.  I can't say I had fun playing it.  Only buy if it's on sale.
76561198057051303,Recommended,233250,13116802,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,naphid,Even though it isn't fully balanced or completed yet it is already great!
,Not Recommended,233250,13921603,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,INFINITE,"""Close the program"" simulator 2014"
,Recommended,233250,13915709,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Dee Ex Em,Good so far! Gte it so I can play with someone Q.Q haha
76561198042913113,Recommended,233250,8957958,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,caidicus,"This game is turning out quite nicely, and does something for videogames that I feel is severely lacking in many other titles.Much like Supreme Commander before it, Planetary Annihilation offers things up on a very large scale, while also focusing on minute detail. Scroll out and see an entire star system, all bearing a kind of hand crafted art feeling, scroll in to focus on a single unit and see moving parts and a level of detail that almost feels like you're playing with a toy set.There are plenty of great ideas already implemented in the game, much of which has already been shown in trailer videos or let's play videos, and there are promises of more to come.It's a great game, worth the now $50 to buy, and will only further fulfill its value when the development progresses."
,Not Recommended,233250,12424518,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,alilgoat,"Empty promises, flat out lies, and dissapointment.If you plan on sticking around for the long run, be ready to deal with the above.I love this game, and it's potential. I really do.However, the owner/head honcho will eneveitebly run this *potential* masterpeice into the ground. Long before it actually becomes a masterpeice, I might ad.Idk if it's the devs/owner/sponsors/whatever... but SOMEBODY, is a greedy little prick and needs to get cut before it's to late.Rant aside, this game has *promised* to deliver EVERYTHING i've ever wanted in an RTS. They've yet to deliver.Even so, it's still in the top 3 best RTS i've ever played. It's number 3 atm, but still.Once they stop trying to milk a game for cash BEFORE IT'S EVEN FINISHED, i'm sure it could eventually move up to #1.But until then, save your money. Don't fall for the promises, because they've proven they can't keep them.Wait until they redeem themselves.Will edit review when ACTUAL full game is released. Yes, the ""official release"" was a complete joke.Full game = all the things that were promised in the begining."
76561198000775930,Recommended,233250,17445524,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,bald boi,"It has some flaws, but I love it anyway! Brings back great moments from SupCom and TA!"
,Not Recommended,233250,14643907,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,♕Comet♕,"It's become IMPOSSIBLE to host a multiplayer game with all the loading, and dropping connection, and all around getting BLOWN THE ♥♥♥♥ UP before I can even see my commander when the game starts! Let alone being able to pick my starting planet! I'm running on a high end gaming PC and it STILL takes 30 minutes to load if, god forbid, I want to play on a system that has more than four planets. The point of the game is to Annihilate planets, right? well if I can't have a system with more than just a few planets, than what's the point? Blow up one planet and the game is over because every enemy was on it! I was promised full scale war and destruction, and I got ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics, lag, missing features, more lag, and a dev team that can't be bothered with even the most BASIC of multiplayer optimization. It's games like these that make me regret supporting anything early access or kickstarter.This is exactly why your other project didn't get any funding. You can't be trusted. Your empty promises fall on deaf ears. Honestly I don't see myself ever buying a game from Uber ever again."
76561198089791459,Not Recommended,233250,13941560,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,ziremonger,KICKSTARTER SCAM STAY AWAY!!!
,Not Recommended,233250,15117954,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Marcarco,"Don't play it, unbalanced as ♥♥♥♥."
76561198020125549,Not Recommended,233250,16680589,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,HeinrichPen,"An akward RTS with the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥ camera system I've ever seen.It has a 6 in Metacritic, but it actually deserves a 4. Zero balanced, the game gets buggy sometimes and doesn't let you do certain actions (move the commander, connect two teleporters...). The camera turns itself and controlling all the units and buildings is an almost impossible goal, because they constantly overlap. Do not buy."
76561198013882931,Recommended,233250,16572637,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Cosmic Cake,"idk, this is sick 10 outta 10"
,Recommended,233250,11427469,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Merl The Fesh,I ate toaste for dinner.
76561198027944360,Not Recommended,233250,13670227,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Dracon,"Do not buy this game, its far from finished and balanced on today state (28.12.2014) Realy they should not call it finished product, after crashing planet into other units walk on non existing area like nothing happend..."
,Recommended,233250,12036543,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Dexruus,"Planetary Annihilation ...Iam a huge fan of Planetary Annihilation , such as strategy games like Supreme Commander and Civ V and many others ...The best thing on Planetary Annihilation is truly the superweapons. Such Laser much Boom nothing else to say :DAlso the Multiplayer is good  and theres no flame (still and thats good) or whatever.The almost 30 are totally worth it ! And i remember thoose times it was sold for 50 bucks.Definitly one of the best strategys 2013-2014-1015 !sorry for bad english and that less of informations but that game really needs a look by youreself to choose to buy it look some gameplays at Youtube or the daylie streams on twich by random people"
76561198029211538,Not Recommended,233250,17464656,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,HostileEmployee,"Paid $90 for this in kickstarter.  Had a great concept... when it is actually put into play there is too much going on.  Spend hours taking over one planet only to figure out the enemy commander isn't even on that one.  bots, vehicles and ships are enough to have to worry about.  Then add things from space that can shoot your units on the ground and you can only shoot them with other things from space or a special space turret.  Then add to the fact you have all those units going at it then double  or triple it because you will always be fighting on more than one planet at a time.  Just too much going on at once.  A for effort though..."
,Recommended,233250,15816915,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,SqueekrMel0n,Performance stings but other than that its actually a good game.
76561198128069500,Recommended,233250,9289709,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,MOIT,i payed 30$ for nothing dont work
,Recommended,233250,16618721,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,FireFly,PLANET SMASHING. HULK SMASH!!!!!!
76561197999863635,Not Recommended,233250,17624548,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Sick Ranchez,first off let me say this company is scum dont even finish there game before adding dlc what the ♥♥♥♥ stay away from this paid 80 bucks too
76561198017697627,Not Recommended,233250,14734427,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Valmo,This should be in Alpha still...
76561198136076797,Recommended,233250,16630626,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,SilentSwords685,DIs is a good game.
76561198017443607,Not Recommended,233250,13906282,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Mayor of Chump town,Trash! 0/10.I want my money back.
76561198092439484,Recommended,233250,7206150,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,[EGT] Germanyxx3,The most awesome RTS game I've ever played. Every cent was worth playing it.
,Recommended,233250,33385318,Posted: 8 July,all,KrispyJeff,"great! except that everyone moved on to titans when i got this, yay. plus everyone♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about the cost, at least its not $50, best game i ever got and it is the best strategy game i have ever played. anyone who disagrees can go eat baby diarreha."
76561198046081842,Not Recommended,233250,23278788,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,John Sneh,no one plays it anymore i wish people still did play it but i cant judge them for this company making you pay ANOTHER like $60 for another game that could've just been DLC for this game
,Not Recommended,233250,32334201,Posted: 10 June,all,cyrusinitaly,"The devs abandoned this game and released what should have been an explansion or free update as a new game. I'm pretty sure I got this for free and I'm still upset. Do not buy under any curcumstances. Maybe buy other game, TITANS, if it is HEAVILY discounted, and only if you really want it. The devs dont deserve your money."
,Not Recommended,233250,23334617,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,goldwinstewart,"Do not support these developers. I do not need to restate what has been said below (and no doubt soon above as well). If you\'re unsure about this game I\'d: wait until it inevitably goes on sale (for like 90%), try it on a friends account, or find some other means."
76561198073032920,Not Recommended,233250,26631956,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,timmyboyox,"Lovely graphics and initially the potential was immense.I feel as though they have let not only themselves down but the paying customers.Would not recommend this game at all, it is boring and repetitive. Your money is definitely better spent elsewhere!"
76561198042501471,Not Recommended,233250,31771912,Posted: 15 May,all,Wasden,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!
,Recommended,233250,31324539,Posted: 23 April,all,DeRailed612,"A great game troubled by poor development by Uber. PA and it's expansion, PA: Titans, are fantastic games. If you can afford the expansion, it will allow you to play with the Legion mod, which adds a second faction to play as. Note that most of the negative reviews reflect a negative opinion of the devs, not of the game itself."
76561198002188678,Recommended,233250,31533102,Posted: 3 May,all,☂ Vagina ツ,"Hey I like it, I don't understand why so many people don't.  It's simple build and destroy, much like command and conquer was 15 years ago."
76561197970561207,Not Recommended,233250,15817872,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,m007368,"Idea was good but it just isnt fun for me. I thought Total Annihilation in 3D would be fun but it just isnt. It feels very disjointed. I would not not buy again, even on sale."
,Recommended,233250,19123796,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Inpasta,"Also a good game. I got it a almost a year ago on the winter sale or something, hopefully goes a sale again. I would recomend it as a game to pick up on a sale! And yes I would recomend."
,Not Recommended,233250,19358123,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Jack,"Devs play on names games, what was created Chris Taylor, and successfully sell this pice of crap to players who want play in some old school strategy.Some features:One tech for all, no sides, factions or some other like it.No campaning, only some sort of random galaxy where you just kill everything in searching enemy supreme commander.Few free commanders, and many others for money.For getting new version, you must buy game again.Lags, lags, many lags!Dead multiplayer.P.S. This review fair for Titans version too.P.P.S. Biggest useless waste of money, what i do in steam, was buying this game. Never buy games, what was made uber entertainment!"
,Recommended,233250,20715467,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Monsta X,Nice GraphicsGood controlsnice ideas and unitsANNIHILASERNUKESSATELLITESEXPLOSIONS<3 <3 <3 <3 <3
76561197967225010,Recommended,233250,22736896,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,fgf.cRak|T|,"This game is AMAZING!! Awesome job on the orbit paths, all the way to being able to make your very own Deathstar! Not even to mention the ability to change the orbits of the planets! Great job!"
,Not Recommended,233250,15826559,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,FUCKEN BUSH WARRIOR CUNT,i ♥♥♥♥ing payed £60 for this♥♥♥♥♥♥which doesnt even run now it is £4 ♥♥♥♥ my life
,Recommended,233250,24332298,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,E se ele corresse?,Nice game!
76561197968351052,Not Recommended,233250,15818311,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Maximusneo701,Only when it's $5 and I LOVED all the Supreme Commander and TA games. It's just missing something.
,Recommended,233250,20193992,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Slammy,Initially this game was amazing
76561198188733415,Recommended,233250,21767838,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,AridSparklez,"Great Game, BUUUUUT can get boring"
,Recommended,233250,13686127,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,discombobulated1,not to far in atm but very enjoyable game it feels abit different than the norm rts 8/10
,Not Recommended,233250,10693202,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Parrotperil,"The developers use the term ""Gamma"" as a buzzword in order to cover up the fact that this game is essentially pre-alpha. It is clear the decision was made to focus on content over optimization, which has resulted in a game that looks great but is essentially unplayable.  Would not reccomend."
76561198007151394,Recommended,233250,12020836,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,#CantBreatheDontShoot,Planet Destroying Laser. Suck it Nasa
,Recommended,233250,12020749,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,☭COMMIE☭,good game
76561198120419114,Recommended,233250,12029297,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,------------,hi
76561197965078227,Recommended,233250,12027095,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,n3b,y
76561197963900799,Not Recommended,233250,12006546,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Thats Not My Salmon,They released a game that is still known to crash every time you start it. Need I say more?
,Recommended,233250,12048361,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Dr. Isaac Grey,"looks awesome, however the lack of a proper tutorial or tutorial stage pretty much throws you off the deep end."
76561198137575661,Not Recommended,233250,13200922,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Man-Droid,how do i get a refund?it Keeps Crashing aaait wont even let me sign in plz help
,Not Recommended,233250,15803514,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Jotun,WOW!!!! $5.99!!!! I am so glad I paid $90 for this pile of $%^&#. Now I can get it for 6 bux. I am so amazed at how bad these devs are and how they have ripped us all off. I want my $90 back you thieves. This game is not nearly as good as it could have been. Has taken forever to develop and is still having major issues. This is a true rip off.
,Not Recommended,233250,12332668,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,HonestAbe,"Not a finished game. Not nearly enough content to justify the price tag, and the mechanics are just bad compared to other RTS's like Starcraft."
76561197994337689,Recommended,233250,13169711,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Soren2006,"This is a good RTS game.  The interface is flawed and difficult.  And the puzzle is weak.  So the replayability is really not there.  Currently the online population is dwindling, but they have a matchmaking system with people somewhere waiting for you to get online."
76561198041276489,Not Recommended,233250,15809675,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Bropane,"Even if it was free, it isn't worth the download in its vanilla form and modding it to make it worthwhile just seems like a waste of time when there are so many other better RTS games available."
,Recommended,233250,14167365,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,No Spamerino In the Chaterino,Built advanced units and space units and got nuked 11/10 would get nuked again
,Recommended,233250,10509389,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Kim Hong Fuk,black people
,Recommended,233250,12074242,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Purim,"Very cool strategy game... you dont have maps, you actually have planets and you can siege every single one of them. Crush your enemies with tanks, bots, planes, ships and even satalliets.If you enjoy real time strategy and you are looking for something ""new"", I can absolutely recommend this one here!"
76561198067737051,Recommended,233250,12174747,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,armyguy16,"i would recommend this game to any one that loves strategy games. i have been a big fan of strategy games since forever. this game is amazing, in normal war based strategy games like supreme commander your stuck on a flat areana, but in planetary annihilation your areana is a intire planet or solar system. You can even go to other planets or moons creating armies to crush your foes and if your feeling like it create thrusters on a moon and have it crash into a planet. so again i would recommend this game to any one who loves a good war based strategy game"
76561198024607920,Recommended,233250,12177730,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,P_B,El Castro says Planetary Annihilation is Total Annihilation 2.
76561198026657955,Recommended,233250,12110954,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,PassiveReaper,"Briliant game, games may take a while but so much fun."
76561198045025235,Recommended,233250,12030515,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Paytawn Braidorino,fun game for price
,Recommended,233250,16514559,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,The Natedog Diggidy,"THE DEATH STAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!Great game, really fun to play with friends.9/9"
,Not Recommended,233250,14167412,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Roz,"I REALLY, REALLY want to like this game, but sadly I cannot. The idea of a mind-boggling large scale RTS sounds great on its own, but this game just doesn't seem to fufill it. I'm going to make this review as organized as I can from now on.- The Atmosphere/Feeling -Plain, it isn't there. This game has almost no bit of atmosphere which completely adds to the bad things about planets, in which I will explain later. Every unit, land type, or building feels lifeless. There is no story to battles, which isn't too bad because it is a game about just killing the other people and then you win. You get put into a planet system, and forced to kill everyone else for no apparent reason. Planets are nothing but rounded spheres with different textures splotched around. There is almost no land variation other than water, and the crap that does show up is cheaply made, and non-realistic. I will mention another game for an example: Godus (look it up if you want to.) has the same kind of look as this game graphically. Except Godus has hills, valleys, mountains that would rise up to points you cannot see, and ocean trenches. If those kind of land features were in this game (and balanced, which this game is not.) it would have a huge impact on the strategy part in which RTS games rely on. Maybe you could've set up an observatory on a mountain, or made a deep-sea base that wouldn't show up on radar. The possibilities are endless. This game had so many opportunities to make it apart from everything else, but it took none of them.- Units and AI -There are an unneeded amount of units in this game, apart from the basic ones used to build more powerful ones. Ultimately, there are no variations between different combat units, other than minor movement styles, and damage. This (yet again.) impacts the strategy part of the game by making it to where you only need to rush a certain unit type and you have a good chance of winning if they aren't prepared. The AI used for the units is good enough, but still lacks basic movement patterns. My units will sometimes randomly start moving in weird rectangles or other shapes when I try to move many units at a time. I will find myself in situations where my units will automatically move to areas they are vulnerable in. Air units move too fast, and land units move too slow. You usually are in an awkward situation whenever you use two types of units. There are no options for what your units should automatically do in situations, other than auto attack enemies, and build things in an area. A ""return to base"" option would be nice, to where once they go to an area, or build a number of buildings, they would return back to avoid vulnerability.- Buildings -FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, BALANCE THE BUILDINGS ALREADY. (The same goes for some units.) This was where the game was supposed to change the fights, but all the variations of buildings just annoy the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of people. Everything seems to be over powered. It makes situations in which this happens: A nuke? I have anti-nuke. 10 nukes? Oh crap. Orbital? I have anti-orbital. 700 orbital units? Oh Crap. Halleys, and Unit Cannons? Oh crap. Well GG. It is just a party of who builds the thing the other person doesn't focus on. As for the buildings themselves, they all look the same. I know gameplay wise this isn't a problem, but I would like to ATLEAST possibly change the architecture or something of the sort.- Gameplay -From everything I've said to this point, I don't really need to say anything. I will anyways. The gameplay is horrible. ABSOLUTELY horrible. You have no time to think of anything, and the first person to rush the best will usually win. You would think, this is an RTS, they will have strategy involved. NO. Do not buy this game if you think it is strategy based. There are no different tactics other than the basic flank or split kind. Trying anything different will just hinder you, and make you an easy target. The same thing happened with Halo Wars.- New Player Help -Sure, there is youtube, but this game has little to no tutorial at all, and the best thing they can give you is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ youtube video. They couldn't even make a simple tutorial mission to help new players. I would also have liked a matchmaking system, so new players wouldn't have to go against people who were able to left click faster. (Rekt)- Rating -Feel: 5/10: Lifeless, but not too needed for an RTS.Units: 3/10: Over-abundance of the same units.Gameplay: 1/10: No strategy involved, and it calls itself a dynamic RTS...Total: 3/10: Would not recommend for anyone. Please just get Civilization V, it's cheaper, and significantly better."
,Recommended,233250,14865487,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,اللعنة لي بابا,FREAKING BEST GAME
,Recommended,233250,14432151,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,agenT,Nice Tactic Game.
76561197998577992,Recommended,233250,13958147,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Herman Lejter,"After the unit cannon update, my largest issue with the game has been solved."
76561198081260791,Not Recommended,233250,14024713,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,astrAL,"I want to like this game. But like a lot of people. I can't seem to play it. Even though I just want to fight the A.I and I am completely offline, it still disconnects me from the game 5 minutes after starting.  I went and looked at the website to see if I could fix this and it turns out that the website hasn't been updated in 6 months. So I guess I will keep this game in my inventory and admire it once in while. At least it looks nice."
,Not Recommended,233250,14002137,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Guy Manderson,"After 90 minutes it has left a pretty bad taste in my mouth.  Picked it up on sale for $6 and tried going in with an open mind despite all the drama around it, huge SC fan and I just can't get into it.  Going to play it for a while longer to see if it grows on me but it just seems like it's all pyrite, nice veneer but no substance.Chief irritation is it seems like the UI is a huge step back from modern RTS's, admittedly it could just be my unfamiliarity.  It's missing a lot of nice-to-haves and is just way to basic (NOT minimalist, minimalist is good if its functional)."
,Not Recommended,233250,13975102,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,SpicyDog,"The game is poorly executed on a good day. Cool idea, cool concept, poor execution. Not recommended. All of the hype, and none of the great features from supreme commander."
,Recommended,233250,13952733,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,provoko,"Finally got offline line play and this game's performance is much better than Supreme Commander, plus you get to fly off the planet and start building on other planets.It's fun to send nukes from one planet to another planet.Super fun, very enjoyable, worth it at any price."
,Not Recommended,233250,13962613,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Smiley,"want to play with a friend but the problem of the green areas not beeing there when neede""d to click whare you want to spawn, are not beeing there.i found this buig had to do with the cinematic button or something but the build i'm using after the sales in 2015 still has this problem.So, when starting a MP game with a friend, even when 'player has to select spawn' is UN checked, i still need to click on the green zone where i want to spawn, but the zones arent visible so no spawning and for that reason no multiplayer...please fix this gameAlso, OBS Broadcaster softsware cant register the game so this sucks bigtime, i'm glad i payed only 5 € for a game that is as much 'finished' as most of ubisoft games are.I really ahd high hopes for this game i REALLY did, but now ... even 5€ seems much"
76561197971772464,Not Recommended,233250,14124069,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Scylon,"Sadly, after playing a few fights you will have sene it all. The combat in this game is litterly about who as the most. I win every fight by spamming sniper bots and AA trucks. Most of the time the enemy will dwarf your tech. Thats ok though, because you only need 2 unit types to win.I think this game is far removed form SC: FA which i felt was the best TA game made to date. This game makes SC2 look good :/"
76561198031004037,Not Recommended,233250,14504458,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,South,"Not my style of game at all. Thought it was confusing and irritating. Bought too quickly, wish I never had."
,Recommended,233250,13956857,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,An alleycat named Bob,"Launched an asteroid at my opponents base.They died, I won.10/10"
,Recommended,233250,14769231,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,RyroNZ,BEST GAME EVAR!!
76561198097962598,Recommended,233250,12032039,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Lord of My Basement,"I can not say this game is bad beacause it is not... but it is still very flawd in many ways. I truly believe that given time this game will be a lot better, but for now I shall review the current build.Massive in scale: I can not believe this game pulled off one of the biggest rts's i have played but they did. A solar system is your map and fight in the air ground water orbit space on other planets it's just amazing. And the the fact no unit cap is in sight yet there can be huge battles with very large armies.Not well optomised for a pc game: I gues it's because they are still trying to find out the system specs or if it's just the server, but I have been having frame drops everywhere in this game from 60 fps to 15??? I have tryed it in all settings and it just keeps happening. I have tried crossfire on two cards but nothing has changed. So for now i must say porly optomised.Why must I be in a server for a single player game after they said no servers for single player?? And speeking on that the servers are really bad. If you do get someone to play against them you still have to wait 10 minutes for the planets to load... from the server. The game will ""freeze"" but still keep playing there will be lag so on and so forth and it's on both single player and multiplayer.Finally It's just not a finished product. They should have kept it in the gamma version before fully releasing it as a completed product. there are many small bugs you can find in the game ( I will not tell any of them because they may have been patched by now).In my opinion this is a good game and should be played... if you can deal with the bad server problem for eveything you do in it. I could go really nit picky and talk about the graphics of the game but you can make your own opinion about that. It is still very very fun if you can play it. I just hope they fix the server problems so I can injoy more of this title."
,Recommended,233250,12201340,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Capybaron,it's ok 10/10 - ign
76561198026849397,Recommended,233250,9368937,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Chucky Cheese,LOVE IT It is basicly a amazing version of supreme commander is pretty hard even on easy and the effects and destroying stuff is fun but this game is long and if you dont set up defences like immediatly you will die.
76561198036593782,Not Recommended,233250,17220887,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,yourself,"I bought this game for linux, it's still not working. After 2 years of awaiting. Not working game and lots of DLC. $%%*#$&^ !"
76561198055923747,Not Recommended,233250,13827417,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ananaa,"Game's AI is insanely poorly made. If you have more than few units they will get stuck and not move anywhere. This is kind of an let down, since in the game you are supposed to be moving armies of 100's of untis and they will get stuck ALWAYS. Cool idea for a game, insaly bad execution."
,Recommended,233250,16523964,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,g l i t t a,I enjoy ! 10/10 Really good game ! Buy it ! :3
76561198081968635,Not Recommended,233250,13937069,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Dragonthing,"it's a fun game, but it doesnt tell you the controls or what to do. Other than that it's fine."
,Not Recommended,233250,15803831,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,CarrotBran rfgm.co,Uber Entertainment
76561198045924579,Recommended,233250,8946371,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Hitler,One of the best RTS's ever almost as Good as Company of Hero's
,Recommended,233250,8748508,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Aaron2244,Best Game Evar...
,Recommended,233250,9393147,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,[=Æ=] NO T H O T S,BUY IT! Best RTS
,Not Recommended,233250,10688564,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,med10000,this game sucks
,Not Recommended,233250,11267046,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Über Melon,1/10Crashed my computer and is now unfixableCan't change resolutionWhen I actually try to play A.I. is like Godzilla v.s. Bambi (I was Bambi)So many texture errorDon't spend your money on it
,Recommended,233250,10641595,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,sisment,"Its good, but kinda buggy. Graphics needa be improved."
76561198054436136,Recommended,233250,13534649,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ToxicBreadCrumbs,"I don't see why everyone thinks this game is bad. This game runs fine on my computer, and the settings are on high. They did a great job on every part of this game. Everyone has a problem with naval not being useful, but I geuss they haven't played on an all water planet. I think everyone who thinks this game is butt-hurt."
,Recommended,233250,14084224,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Smileyhead,Pretty awesome. Love how it's based off Total Annihilation.
76561198026704961,Not Recommended,233250,13962751,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,pug_pug,"Do yourself a favor and don´t waste your money on this crap. This game is some of the lastest ""INDIE"" garbage to come plague STEAM recently. The game tries to be starcraft with UI and performance of a 10 year old game. Pathfinding is completely broken, as units will get stuck often. It will crash on you many times, so if youre into endless frustration, this is your game. Want a real RTS sci-fi game? buy Starcraft."
76561197971190023,Recommended,233250,10218429,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,John Locke,Whoooo yeah riding me a planet
,Recommended,233250,7902311,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,EiEiO,a must have for those who do not have it!!
76561197993756341,Not Recommended,233250,13901109,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Alkuzar,"Not recommend for 2009 Macbook Pro series... buy new one for playing this game. :/i got better graphics games and they r working well on my computer but impossible to play this one. i dont think this game suitable for mac os x...- it starts bad FPS when you launch the game ... videos&generics, game menu whole game interface working tooo slow...- when i click sinlge player button to play, game tried to generate planet textures and other things.. it takes too long time.- i changed all settings to LOW GRAPHICS but nothing is changed...GG"
,Not Recommended,233250,13184884,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Mushykins,"I played Total Annihilation in my childhood, and grew up to play Supreme Commander. When I saw the kickstarter for Planetary Annihilation I was stoked.It's a real shame though, the game was a complete let down. The UI and lack of content ruins the experience, the planet design is lazy, the usage of multiple planets is uninspired, boring, and feels shoed in. It feels really impressive that you can launch a moon at a planet the first time, and then you realize that's it. That's about as interesting as it gets.I really wanted to give this game a good review, but this is one of many reasons I lost faith in kickstarter/early access projects. Don't give developers your money until they show you a product your happy paying for in a playable state. This game was a complete let down and I would never recommend it to anyone."
76561198006625545,Not Recommended,233250,13184919,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,STE,"Not like TA not like SC and especially not like SC FA. Big disappointment for me !negative:- Rush based gameplay- no unit diversity- focused too much on esports ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t- no different races- too few units- much nice ideas but not well enough executed- grafics are tot comicy- overhyped- unit KI supid like bricks- still pathfinding problems- i dont know to whom they listend while creating this game mostly not the TA\SC community...positive:+ nice overall Backend with Servers and Multiplayer Mechanics like rejoining a Game after con loss+ different approach on RTS with the planet maps+ nice interplanetar strategies but with the lack off units kind of like ""Rock paper MOAR ROCK MOAR wheres your paper now ROCK ROCK ROCK""i really wanted to like PA but i cannot get into it like in SC:FAas a conclusion if you wanted a or loved TA or SC\FA -> TA:springif you never played an old RTS it maybe something for you maybe.for 5 bucks its atleast not overprized.buy it give it a try and hate me or dont"
,Not Recommended,233250,13186042,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Xiin,"I loved supreme commander, but this simply doesn't cut it. No immersion, everything feels very slow and the tutorial is bad. Not recommended"
,Recommended,233250,12843555,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Gimme the joint man!,"if you like supreme commander or other strategy games than this is the game you looking for.This game is not like anyother average strategy game. instead of fighting the battle on one planet you can do it in a hole solar system and if you want to, you can create one yourself.I would say the only downside of the game is the lack of servers.And you have to play this game atleast 5 hours to now if you like it or not."
,Not Recommended,233250,13187456,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Peateyl12,Don't buy. I like rts games. i don't like this game
76561198039936867,Not Recommended,233250,13184246,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Benjimoto,"All I have to say is Meh... I played Total Annihilation, loved it, Supreme Commander, loved it, now this? eh.... I don't hate it.  It's just not much fun.  The balance is all wrong.  It's just a bunch of little things, like base commander attack range in water, size of planets, lack of structure difersity and balance... etc.Go played Supreme Commander Forged Alliance and Join ""Forged Allianace Forever"" (FAF, google it).  You will have SO much more fun.Also I got this in beta for $60, it's maybe worth $5, I'm not buying another game from this dev."
,Recommended,233250,13188790,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Strong Dog,"I enjoyed this game quite a bit, even if it was a bit of a letdown in the end. Pick it up on sale if you can. Fair warning: The digital deluxe add-on is ludicrously overpriced."
,Recommended,233250,7312287,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Smedly,"This game needs to be and deserves to be played! Even though the price is steep, for nostalgia, great combat, amazing UI and AI and everything you may have wanted for a total annihilalation successor is in this game!"
76561198015892406,Recommended,233250,7819781,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,[SFG]Sniper,"sorry guys, I think you failed, this is just like supreme commander, beta or not, it is. And the camera views are horible down view, I figured it would have been better than this. Not worth what your charging."
76561198091332429,Recommended,233250,7777928,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,LazyTony,"As one who grew up on Total Annihilation, I must say this is an amazing start to a new game. The Supreme Commander series was lacking a few elements that are represented in this game, and that I missed so dearly from the original TA. These guys really know how to make an RTS that keeps you on the edge of your seat."
76561197983724750,Recommended,233250,7885761,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Megalomas,"If you loved Ta or  Sup com, then buy this know, its AWSOME. I know people slated it (unfairly in my opinion) on release but since then it has just got better and better.We now have a DRM free game. (you will need a valid game key to play online tho)Competative 1v1.Unit cannon.Planet editor.Annihilaser.This realy is the best RTS game out there right know and is sooo much fun to play, and at it's current asking price value for money is through the roof.Uber are exelent game developer's and have absolutely delivered. I just can't praise them enough.If you like large scale rts like total annihilation or supreme comander you will feel right at home here, yes there is a bit of a learning curve and getting your head around sperical playing fields will take a bit off practice, but you will get there if you persivere. And at that point you will never go back.It really is THAT GOOD."
76561198078560931,Recommended,233250,7889873,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,James A. Garfield,I recommend this it is so much fun
,Recommended,233250,7963336,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Cap,"Buggy, but it's a beta and that's to be expected. Great fun when it works."
76561198066412993,Recommended,233250,7799855,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Helios,This is the best strategy game I have ever played! Smashing planets is awesome!
76561198031834537,Recommended,233250,7919732,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Draqon,"So far so good. Simlar to some of the high end RTS's that are on the market,  PA has a twist that make its own. As the beta it still has some work that needs done, and a few things that i believe needs to be added, suck as  better cam controll, AI settings(assume that will be added later) wider spawn opiotions , a few more space options would be amazing. but over all when the bugs are worked out , High star game.oh and the graphics need a little help, but its understandable for the sizablity of the gamei would do a 9 out of 10 given beta terms(bugs are understandable for now)"
,Recommended,233250,10271891,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Razoredge198,"So far, so fun."
,Recommended,233250,13810833,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Swizzer,Hella fun
76561198155438587,Recommended,233250,16486793,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,JustABean,It's... well... you know... MY FAVORITE RTS EVAR!!! Great job guys! You have made a wonderful game in which I spend lots of time and will continue to spend more in! :3
76561198059045764,Not Recommended,233250,13620103,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,hehe xd,"Enemy haven't spawned in any game i've tried to play so far, stopped trying to play it after the third failure."
,Recommended,233250,10454214,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,DAMIANO,someone I need help can't the game
,Recommended,233250,17721018,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Jimoein,DIS GAME IS AMAZING
76561197998797680,Not Recommended,233250,16569063,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Jaguar,"The AI is WAY too hard, and the gameplay is so slow it's like fighting in a pool of treacle."
76561198029189769,Recommended,233250,16607846,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,StarGamer16,Its fun if you like RTS style games!
76561198026072552,Recommended,233250,16632740,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Shard,"When I first got Planetary Annihilation it had its problems, the process of taking another planet was a pain having to load up my drop ships on by one would take ages and then sometimes my attack would fail so I would have to repeat the process. But the developers have been adding new units and buildings to the game, the Unit Cannon offers another path to moving between planets and it is extremely useful.Pros+Unit Cannon+Large Epic Battles+Death StarCons-Water units nearly useless-Long drown out battles (When there are five planets and you start on different ones it can take forever to defeat them)-No Experiemental Units (This is more a personal thing as I have played a lot of Supreme Commander)Over all a good game it has its flaws but they are generally things that can be overlooked. Plus with the recent changes to the single player the galatic war mode in particular is really improved."
76561198084031392,Not Recommended,233250,17905546,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Starman5083,DONT BUY THIS GAME-DATS IT
,Recommended,233250,17609566,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Dj_Tydog,"If your used to the Total Annihilation games or Supreme Commander, you can get used to this... It's a cool and fun game once you get the hang of it. Otherwise it's a big step in the series and to me is a successful one indeed. The grapics can be very well if you can run them it will look amazing, especially when you blow the other commanders up into huge explosions.Would I buy this game again? Absolutely YES... Just make sure you have the correct hardware to run this game otherwise you won't have any fun... Watching a low fps game is BAD, Fast is GOOD... Play Safe."
76561198040928297,Recommended,233250,15818433,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,tyche,yes
76561197960518286,Not Recommended,233250,17251533,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Ripperface,"This incarnation of Total Annihilation (here named Planetary Annihilation) is from my very old perspective a sad bleak watered down 11th grade shoddy clone of the original concept, with some Michael Bay effects added in for extra sales.I was in on this back in 1997 when this specific genre began, and I am very sorry for todays gamers who're being introduced to a truly great name, and fantastic possibilities (This is after all an intergalactic war between ridiculously overpowered robotic (more or less) factions.) but are met with this... heap of a tired mess.Throughout the entire game (my displayed gametime is not correct) you can see a crisp and clear-cut line of very tired developers who wanted to make PA into a step forward for this specific genre, but as said just didn't have the energy, manpower or economic backbone to make it shine.The types of units available to different factions don't feel different (and they aren't), pretty much just a paintjob and a different skin to show off.The music was promising (that man has made som really great soundtracks earlier in his career), but it was just too uninspired, this was probably due to him not getting the feeling of ""a war on this scale needs music that makes me feel alive, and unstoppable!"" when he looked at the game.The unit sounds... could really have been that much better, I don't feel any satisfaction listening to anything at all in this game, playing it on a 5.1 THX-system or a horribly overpowered 2.1 wall-crushing system doesn't help anything in any way, nothing sounds epic.Believe me, the less-than-awesome planetary lasercannon does not have enough OMPH! in it, I can't feel it anywhere in my soul that♥♥♥♥♥♥will explode in a gazillion pieces when I fire. Smashing planetoids into eachother, or making a planet-wide nuclear umbrellas doesn't do it either, they're just not ""good enough"".Remember the Thor unit from the recent Starcraft 2? Yeah, it has the accent, touch, ego and personality of Arnold Schwarzenegger when he was most awe-inspiring, that was done right, this as said, is not.The textures (read graphic style, layout and choice of colours and patterns of stuff if you're young) feel very ""Man I really don't want to do this anymore... :("".When you're going to have robotic factions opening up a war on a whole solar system, you will at the very least need to make the robots themselves to look downright deserving of a legendary name.This...... man I don't even want to put in the effort to remember the names of either units or planets, that's how generic and unexxagerated everything looks.TLDR: If you, like me, came from the 8-bit nintendo age, and thought that was easy as a breeze, and generally interesting. Then this will simply make your inner child feel sad in more than one way."
,Not Recommended,233250,15814722,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Stormtrooper Hans,Cant connect to server. IS THIS FACKING BATTLEFILD 4 OR WHAT?!
,Not Recommended,233250,15819035,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,King of Proboscidea,"The concept is really great, but the way it was flushed out simply isn't suited for an RTS."
,Not Recommended,233250,14354702,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Dan Violet Sagmiller,"I was really inspired by the videos.  But when I finally purchased it and had a chance to play it, I found the actions somewhat inobvious.  After a short while I was destroyed and didn't really understand what I was doing wrong or needed to do differently.  I'm good at Startcraft 1/2, WarCraft 1/2/3 and Dark Reign 1/2, all of which I really enjoyed.I imagine this game might get better if I put down a few hours to learn its mechanics, but for its ability to get players effective in the game, it sucked.  This being said, I might try it again in the future and have better luck with it.  It seems like they really need a learning campaign on it."
76561198024884946,Not Recommended,233250,15813407,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Tylerius,"Very little significant progress in months,  when compared to other games a fraction of the cost. Many people paid 60 dollars for game based on misleading promo videos and nary an effort made toward most goals and plans, now they are trying to sell dlc for thier broken ""game"". Where is all the money going?  On sale it may enough fun to be worth 15 bucks or so to some people but dont expect the experience the developers are boasting, and keep in mind you are giving money to a greedy company with minimal interest in the game or the players."
,Not Recommended,233250,17272304,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,pUFFERFISH,"My friend convinced me to buy this, and I wish I hadn't listened to him."
,Not Recommended,233250,17423341,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,BassMasterson,I would love this game..... if I got more than 5 fps and it didn't crash upon startup half the time. Do I recommend it? Not yet. More optimization is needed. Lots more.
76561198033574856,Recommended,233250,8377725,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mutilated_Unicorn,"This is the game that I wanted StarCraft 2 to be. Insane amounts of fun, really worth getting but I recommend also trying to get some friends to buy it if you're interested."
76561197998668211,Not Recommended,233250,13610040,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,sygmatis,"this game sucks. screw all you know about normal strategy games, throw all those concepts out the window. forget about any plot, or sory line, or making sense in any normal fashion. just do your self a favor and dont buy this game ."
76561198039663245,Recommended,233250,12471553,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,facciola007,This game is fun.  I feel it has good value.  Needs more saving.  Other than that its very fun.  Hope they can still work on this one even as they move to the next game human resources.
76561198006202407,Not Recommended,233250,11861794,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Rodknee,I payed 23 ponds for agame i cant play because my internet is too bad.
,Not Recommended,233250,11859740,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,♔Charlie Buckethat♔,"No, not yet."
,Not Recommended,233250,33873918,Posted: 28 July,all,Kodiak-Rush,"Whilst this is a fun and competent RTS for sure, don't buy this game. It is far too expensive for what you get, the multiplayer is pretty dead and everything this game does PA: TITANS does better."
,Not Recommended,233250,34245689,Posted: 14 August,all,(AC) Lord Elifas,waste of money
,Recommended,233250,17297400,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Braves,Friendship Destroying Simulator 2k15.10/10 would play again.
,Not Recommended,233250,12688282,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,team_cosgrove,"Really disappointed with this title, it's got some interesting mechanics and tried to have the spirit of SupCom, but it just isn't quite right. Clunky UI, confusing gameplay and a dev team that seems to have ADD when it comes to working on a game past it's release.Go buy Supreme Commander and Forged Alliance for £3. Far superior games without the funky cartoon graphics, poor unit management and myriad of bugs."
,Not Recommended,233250,12685471,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Diggory,"This game simply doesn't work. Yet another example of a rip off Early Access game yet now it has been released and is still buggy and unplayable. I just wanted to do a simple skirmish vs AI game and I sat in the lobby for about 15 minutes waiting for it to ""Build System"". You're kidding me right?If Steam did refunds like a normal shop, this would be high on list to get my money back on.Do not waste your money or time on this TA wannabe."
,Not Recommended,233250,11271719,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Whap XI,"Meh. Supreme Commander clone, and not a great one. The selling point of crashing planets together is often hugely impractical. The core gameplay lacks a lot of depth, and becomes a rushing match before the end. Looks gorgeous though. Not even close to worth £30, but it you are a fan of Supreme Commander, pick it up on sale."
76561197998613088,Recommended,233250,8128391,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Ventilado,Best RTS EVER!!!
,Not Recommended,233250,15874354,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Polycule,Still doesn't work.  Bought during alpha.
76561197996926062,Not Recommended,233250,17993215,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Glasken,"A terrible, derivative game.  Bought into the early release for a whopping $60, regretted the decission.  116 min into the game and I just wish I could have had a refund.This game belongs on an app store for $5.00."
76561198041325361,Recommended,233250,20673824,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,dividenot,Love this game.  One of the only games I always keep downloaded in my library.  There were some bugs in the beginning but it's a pretty solid gaming experience now a days.
,Recommended,233250,21950700,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,LoS | Adm Dark,Great game
,Recommended,233250,21988706,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Metternich,"just as a quick note before i start, i still don't really like the developers of this game. they took what should have been a normal content update and they released it as a second game in the hopes of escaping the bad reviews that this game got on launch. it didn't work, but it was kind of a scummy thing to do. all that being said, this is actually a really nice game now. they fixed the issues and it seems to be in working order for me, i quite enjoy it. this is NOT a good spiritual successor to Total Annihilation. if you would like the clostest thing to a ""sequal"" for TA, go play Suprem Commander: Forged Alliance. this is a completely different game now, although the econ works in the same way. i would say this game is worth about $5-$10, but you should probably just go buy PA: Titans. it's exactly the same game, but with experimental units, kinda like the Krogoth from TA or the Megalith from Suprem Commander."
,Not Recommended,233250,22403723,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Gothicer,Took our money and ran. And then asked for more money.
76561198045453649,Recommended,233250,22990690,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,doskido,I love this game.
76561198022003762,Recommended,233250,31304064,Posted: 22 April,all,DragonDave,cool game
76561197990400705,Not Recommended,233250,16250910,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Spinnukur,"A game which requires a constant network connection in order to play...even in single player, even in sandbox, even in skirmish.  Yet, there's always those ""connection lost"" issues; I wonder if Uber is working with the developers from ""Race to Mars""..."
76561198079614394,Not Recommended,233250,18023249,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Horscow,garbage
76561198023497857,Recommended,233250,21453281,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,SilentSpring_,FUN FUN
,Not Recommended,233250,15857931,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,DeadSh0t64,"Tried countless times to play, cannot win. Every single person online is beyond any beginner skill level and there is no control to match players based on skill. Game constantly lags on high end rig because online servers are awful. Used to love the game on single player but online garbage ruined the experience after losing 30+ matches in a row."
76561198003614253,Not Recommended,233250,19480157,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Per-Gunnar Niklasson (Kuken),"These developers are A$$HOLES, they sell an overpriced, halfA$$ed made game, just to make you buy it again (as an expansion, with the sam price as the game) for some worthless updates/fixes, to later delete it from the store. Just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you UBER ENTERTAINMENT. Worthless company."
,Recommended,233250,20585362,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Banana Joystick,It's allright.
76561198011131828,Not Recommended,233250,22205447,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,[CGO] Ruppsrunt,no
76561198006983013,Not Recommended,233250,15838422,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Leonhard,"Awful lag. Camera is smooth, units update there positions about every second. Dune 2 was more fluid. Seems it is a more than a year old problem."
,Not Recommended,233250,16146070,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Spooktuckcasper,A waste of money.
,Not Recommended,233250,15830489,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,ፓኢዮ | UNIVERSAL ACE,I really really love this game butno mattrer what you do it crashes everytime and that sucks i down to the now recommending it please PLEASE fix it
76561198031302965,Not Recommended,233250,19300880,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,tenG,No titans. Delete.
,Recommended,233250,19630869,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,super☆spenky,"For someone who is really bad at these kind of games I really enjoy it.It's not a difficult game (you can make it difficult tho) and the fact that you can travel to and blow up planets is really amazing. It really sucks that they abandoned this game and made Planetary Annihilation Titans tho.So if you feel like buying this game, buy Titans!"
76561198123363021,Recommended,233250,20407689,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,barh,nukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenukenuke i win :)BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,233250,20872486,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,2b,Im so lonely play with me
76561197969898428,Not Recommended,233250,22228036,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Psaxey,♥♥♥♥
76561198075232890,Recommended,233250,23000123,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Zero Wing,good. thats it. good
76561198020469084,Recommended,233250,28124594,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,L. Turowiesky ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),7/10 Best anxiety simulator 2014
76561198018774903,Recommended,233250,31706529,Posted: 12 May,all,Trex,the people who hate this are stupid. its the best RTS game out there by far.
,Recommended,233250,12219262,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,benn61,Awsome game!
,Recommended,233250,20976975,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Assassingamer7,great games :) i have fun with it
,Not Recommended,233250,12136577,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Herger Joyous,"In game shop ftl.I really wanted a game to fill my RTS craving. Looks like i'll have to load up some Tibrian Sun to get that out of my system. This game looks great, but I cannot get into the game play. I load into a world with planets land now. Still cannot get past the fact there is an ingame shop.Early investors really got screwed in this game."
76561198001930419,Not Recommended,233250,12168371,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Sonbot,"Look at the top down votes. they cover it very well.  Read on if you want my opinion.They severely missed something in this game. Ive been following since the beta release and not a whole lot has improved. I was expecting a campaign, strategy,  and fluid gameplay--all of those which are not found in this game. build a few power nodes/metal then crank and spam until your opponents crank and spam cant overcome your spam.But there are planets? Cool right? Would be, if it wasnt so cumbersome and clunky..  Often find myself ""under attack"" so im like ok,,, which planet? God help you if its multiple planets because your spacebar command wont save you.  (If you make it to another planet that is)Single player....is just.....sad. + lonely.No offline play.Bland blocky and undifferentiated units. Everyone is the same. Enjoy fighting palettes.If you dont spawn in a barricade (mountains, metal whatevers, etc) you lose.Pricey Oribital units crushed easily by cheap jury rigged orbital  defense, Enjoy the expensive space debris.Sometimes Planets collide with starting planet. Funny 1st time. At least everyone lose. (F- yo mountains)Overall, it a vastly unfulfilling game that promised to fill the void in my soul that no girl ever dared to fill, and instead left me to explore the vast space of steam for yet another replacement."
76561198000330832,Recommended,233250,12187784,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Donn Plague,its fun
76561197992079725,Recommended,233250,12151377,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,THExWARHWK,"The tuturial doesn't really explain how to play the game very well, and pausing the game causes the game to stop working... Seems like it would be a fun game if I could actually pause it or even knew how to play. (Playing on a new Macbook Pro w/ 3gb ram & i5 processor)"
,Not Recommended,233250,12134117,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,MaGicBush,"I really wanted to like this game, but they forced the release way to soon and led us on with some false promises unfortunately. Another EA title that let me down, and the last I will purchase most likely. The gameplay is fun, however the lack of an offline mode(DRM free) and the fact you cannot save your game is ridiculous. Some games can last more than a few hours easily, and I cannot remember the last game I was able to finish all the way. The DRM in this game is worse than some Ubisoft games for crying out loud. Do not purchase and stay far away unless this gets removed(which they have stated multiple times it will be removed, but never did remove it and the game is now released).Other than that there is also the server instability, as the few times I tried playing with my friend one of us was disconnected randomly and we would have to restart. Again if we could save this would not be as big of an issue.And finally a lot of the features promised for single-player were never implemented, and as a result the campaign is repetitive and boring. You are honestly just trying to spam more units than the AI can(and the AI uses no strategy really)."
76561198078256415,Recommended,233250,12028190,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Trebuchet Engineer,crashed a planet into a moon while fireing massive laser cannons from my death star :)10/10
,Recommended,233250,12028589,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,DAnnihilator,just one word: yep
76561198046214441,Recommended,233250,11992022,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,TheSquishiestManatee,It ♥♥♥♥ing sucks!
,Recommended,233250,12008609,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,O_O ▬ι═════ﺤ,Total Annihilation!!! CAVE DOG!!!
76561198078052920,Not Recommended,233250,24773498,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Lynx,Bad.
,Not Recommended,233250,35430208,Posted: 2 October,all,>>Samurai <<,Straight up scam.
,Recommended,233250,13205939,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,xizebet,This game is very good even though people will disagree with this statment you do need a good setup to run it though but thats to be expected dont buy the game if you plan to just play against AI its not very strong there unless you make the AI the hardest thing to kill ever its better to play online with other people or with your friends its very fun to make alliance and  screw over your teammates but thats just my opinion.
,Recommended,233250,13208587,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,King Forever,I stopped a Giant planet that was flying at me with a well-aimed nuke.11/10 would stop planet again.
,Not Recommended,233250,12023966,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Okiepatriot,idk whats going on but ever since the last update the game wont play
76561197970433869,Not Recommended,233250,12006522,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Cowbell,This game requires an entirely seperate login on some random service to play.  Ridiculous.   Avoid at all costs.
,Not Recommended,233250,13099666,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Koala,"Lacks the sense of ""Scale"" that supreme commander had. You could tell your commander was about as big as a tree in SupCom, Planetary annihilation makes planets seem tiny and it just isnt as cool."
,Not Recommended,233250,13114796,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Travis,"The game itself is fantastic but it crashes every 10 minutes... Running GTX 780, 16 GB RAM, and an Opticore AMD processor on an SSD samsung drive. This should not be happening...."
,Not Recommended,233250,13114931,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Sililos,"Wish i didnt waste my money.  The enemy AI is way overdone.""I see you just built your first building, it would be a shame if i built the same builing much faster and destroyed it with my instant army all at once.""Yeah, not worth it even on special."
76561197997835475,Not Recommended,233250,13133433,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Steveywondermac,It copies TA but never exceeds TA.
,Not Recommended,233250,13153877,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,StarBounty,"Ok this is a really fun game, but every time I play one game it just crashes in the middle of playing and none of the battle's data is saved so I have no progress in the game what so ever. Even in multiplayer it crashes so i have no real fun while playing, I really hope the devs fix this, because this game seems like a lot of fun!"
76561197976815428,Not Recommended,233250,13168167,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Zxynax,"So many problems to go over, so little time.We'll start with the promise.  A Spiritual Successor to Total Annihiation.  This game quickly lost sight of that and went all in for it's main gimmick...The main gimmick, smashing planets.  Neat idea.  Poor execution.  Not useful in the slightest.  Use nukes instead.  They're cheaper, faster, and you can easily overwhelm the crap anti-nukes.Third issue.  Why does everything die so quickly???  This reminds me of the version of Red Alert (I think it was 2) in which a guy with a machine gun can take out a building suprisingly quickly.  What the hell guys?4th, Balance.  TA you could lock into battle repeatedly with someone and actually have a War.  ""Strategy"" games in which it's all wrapped up in one battle are poorly named.  That's a tactical game.  Wars have multiple fronts and phases.Lastly, if you can look past all the previous and still sit down to play this atrocity.  You'll quickly find that you're the weakest link.  The interface and information presentation is the worst I've seen in gaming in many years.  I suppose if you're one of those ""click per minute"" gamers, you *might* be able to make it work.  But again.  Strategy.  That's not strategic....This game was of such poor quality it's removed the developer from consideration for future purchases.  I wouldn't even try a free to play if they made one."
,Not Recommended,233250,13171046,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Mogarth #JustRPG.com,I bought this game and if I want new bots I still have to buy them in the cash shop.... yea great idea guys.. the game isnt even finish and there is a cash shop.. great stuff
,Not Recommended,233250,13263121,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,STARSHIP POOPERS,"DIssapointingly unfinished. It feels like a retread of Supreme Commander, but on tiny little planets like Super Mario Galaxy or Spore. Compared to Supreme Commander, there are less automation and build template options, and the winningest strategies seem to never even consider teching.There's no automated heavy transporters of units, or shield units, or adjacency bonus that I can find. As I understand it, the game is still undergoing development, but it has officially released already and claims to be a finished product."
76561198019389560,Not Recommended,233250,13288797,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Avatar,Overrated.
,Recommended,233250,13206992,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Cpt. James.G/APD(HALO),its not working on my computer :(
76561198021437781,Recommended,233250,13163267,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,CaptainFaisal,"One of the best RTS games on the market currently.Pros:-Best economy system than any RTS game-Huge maps ""Planets""-Shoot a moon at you enemy ""What game makes you do that?""-Good units ""Not amazing in terms of diversity but theirs 5 diffrent play styles land,air,sea,orbital, and defence""-LOVE Advanced defence turrets they are OP if a lot are put together but vulnerbale against air and orbital.-Tactical Nuke :)- And waaay moreCons:-Not alot of troops to choose from although and OK amount.-Characters are just skins and have no different perks, or abilities from others ""They should atlest let 1 comander built for speed, and the other built for health, or strength"" this would be better.-Network connections are bad, i have an amazing internet speed optic fibre and its super fast with low ping, however this is the only game i lag with and its annoying.Any more info you want PM me :)"
76561198016136540,Recommended,233250,16499644,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,OrangoBango,This game killed my parents marriage
76561198056482949,Recommended,233250,17127238,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Namas Knight,if you like feeling powerful....its best to learn how to macroif you want to feel cunning....its best to learn how to microif you want to feel like a god....DESTROY EVERYTHING!
76561198002717623,Recommended,233250,12718113,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Raidersevo8,"Best Strategy Game ever, Its like i got my giant♥♥♥♥♥army GOGOOGOGOGO OH♥♥♥♥♥♥THE NUKE IS COMEING NOOOOOO COUNTER ATTACK WITH LASER BEAM KWAPAHHHWAHAWHAWHAHAWHAH"
,Recommended,233250,17064814,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Peanut,"Tip: build a deep space radar and go to space, or you'll get your♥♥♥♥♥bombed with a planet/moon."
,Not Recommended,233250,17054437,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Karma,Couldn't get into it.
76561197991633595,Recommended,233250,11994846,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Derp N00B,"Best way to win this game is to rush, forget walls and turrets, get those factories and uber that micromanagement and you will win."
,Recommended,233250,12003815,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Fishaman,"Im not a fan of RTS games, but this is just fun!While not as in depth or diverse as others, it offers high unique gameplay based around planet orbits and multi layed strategies from the ground to space units. Offers multiplayer games, skirmishes, and a glactic conquest mode thats procedurally generated so its a different experience each campaign. Can't wait to see what else they add in the future!"
,Not Recommended,233250,17834212,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Xyberviri,Why is this no longer avalible for purchase? because the devlopers want you to buy Planetary Annihilation: Titans.
,Recommended,233250,13949331,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,GrandMasterFoo,F**king Buy this game you morons!
,Recommended,233250,13946491,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,★ Crunch Wrap Jewpreme,"Overall I am satisfied with this game. Ill outline some pros and cons of the game, and then a general review.Pros:> Excellent RTS game, better in my opinion than current Total War's based purely off RTS element.> Fairly intelegent AI that can be tough to beat in certain situations.> Graphics are pretty nice looking, and well optimized. (I have an Intel hd 4000 and it runs nearly perfectly the entire time)> Galactic War gametype is fun to play even though there is almost no story to follow.> You can smash your enemies with moons, blow them up with giant death laser planets, or nuke them through out the solar system.Cons:> Air units are by far the most over powered unit in the game, still... even after a nerf> AI does multiple things at once, does not queue them, seems as if the AI is multiple players.> No story in campaign mode, which is Galatic War, it's just conquering, fun though.> Other unit types are pretty much useless aganist the air type units, each class type only has one unit effective aganist air units.> Not balanced entirely at the moment, but they are working on it.General review:Despite the unfair tasking of the AI, and the slight overpoweredness of the only unit the AI uses, it is a great game, if you get it on sale. Full price, maybe not entirely worth it, but on sale its decent for what you are paying. I would recommend this to someone who just wants to battle and doesn't want something as in depth as Total War is. This is also less tactical than TW and this is more of just smashing your units until you break through, they don't rout or anything like that. If even still you are unconvinced you want this, you can smash your enemy with a moon to win the battle, or nuke them. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes RTS games."
,Recommended,233250,13949268,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,CuteGirl14,12000% top notch. would buy. good/10.
,Recommended,233250,13949476,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Nichepunk,"Its Spore space age, just ten times more advanced and updated, ten times better graphics and much more."
,Recommended,233250,13932065,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Poteter,i like it :)
,Recommended,233250,13926063,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Tradon,it's the best RTS out there right now. altough it got some features yet to be implemented.
,Recommended,233250,13947468,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,LEVLEO,"It's like Star Wars the Empire at War. It was a great game, and Im so happy that this company make similar to Empire at War. There is so much posabilities. You can create from metal planet to Death Star! You can create nukes and make all sorts of defence! On surface anti air and air anti surface, orbital laser, and you need to create space transportation to transport from 1 planet to another. You can create nukes and the most awsome is you can create from one of the smallest moons or planets to asteroid, what will destroy your enemies planets! It's like the best RTS game ever so far. Well unfortunatly graphics a little worst than normal. But its a sanbox game. It shoudn't have greatest graphics. It brings memories from 2004 game Empire at War. Straight 9/10"
,Recommended,233250,13948862,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,qPixel,This game is the reason I have no free time anymore.
76561198067396318,Recommended,233250,13951042,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Bananaattack,"I am having trouble with my basic camera panning. My middle mouse button does not click. There doesn't seem to be an option to change that button in the settings. I might just be missing something. If anyone knows what I'm doing wrong, please let me know."
76561198125860503,Recommended,233250,13931912,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,fat_scout.exe,"good game, most reviews from last year"
76561198093375007,Recommended,233250,13940842,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,haokunli,perfectthis is the best RTS I've ever seen
,Recommended,233250,13936219,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Captain Cig,SHIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET
76561198056757310,Recommended,233250,13941334,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,MangoAssassin,Death Star simulator 2015
76561198117976088,Recommended,233250,13946686,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Tim the Talking Tree,"its basicely a 306 degree starcraft, exept that theres more than one planet"
76561198009197524,Recommended,233250,16514185,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Fleetleader101,"Mixed Reviews: Heres WhyI like this game a lot, and I would recommend it on sale to anyone who is even slightly interested.Positives1. Fun RTS IMHO2. New design, working around a spherical planet can be seriously awesome once you get used to it.3. The game seems very well balancedThat said...Negatives1. The game works on one my PC's but I had a friend say he can't get it to work on his.2. I think the developer has STILL not met all the promises they made durring the kickstarter3. The game DOES have SOME bugs, but honestly nothing awful to the point it crashes me or my PCOverall?If it works, 8/10If it doesnt work for your PC 1/10  get a refundIs it worth a risk, YEP :) hope you enjoy it!"
,Recommended,233250,16518669,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,wazo,so extensive and fun
00011101010101001,Recommended,233250,16748586,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,banterlad23,gr8
76561197963043397,Recommended,233250,16749840,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Caligula Jones,"First off I bought this game recently, didn't bother with the early access and waited for a discounted rate. I played Total Annihilation off and on since it was released. I hated supreme commander I'm a casual gamer, 9 hour missions annoyed the crap outa me. This game is everything that was great about both games and some revolutionary new features. Fast paced if you want to rush or you can play it slow and defensive. Also the video options don't require you to have an expensive rig. They did a great job with this one and they aimed to please the fan base."
,Recommended,233250,16498671,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,StellarTempest,Literally the best RTS
76561198154559263,Recommended,233250,17163188,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Professional320,get this game its good
76561198028244339,Recommended,233250,10567655,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Billy Bo Baggins,"This is an amazing game with sweet battles, but some units are overpowered and the game has alot of cennection problems. If you are wanting to get this game I would recomend waiting until it is done with alpha and beta."
,Recommended,233250,13212028,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Pyrosz,"This was a great throw-back to the simpler times of RTS games... with a few extras tossed in for good measure.Its simple: collect resources (without a lot of micromanagement) and build an army, attack and protect your commander from the enemy forces. But keep an eye out for flying planets that might just make for a bad day, and a very large crater.Although I do enjoy the ability to wage war across multiple planets/moons/etc and it is a unique and interesting idea, it tends to end up in large stalemates. The AI is decent and will provide a challenge for the most part. Multiplayer is where it really shines. The single player story mode is a lame duck, but skirmish is fun.While it has its fair share of problems and missing (promised) features, its still a pretty solid experience that I can recommend to any fellow RTS lover."
,Recommended,233250,13212989,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,6 Million Dollar man,Interplanetary Supreme Commander 2.
76561198047627823,Recommended,233250,13213595,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,BukLao,"If you are reading the reviews for this game, PLEASE DO CONSIDER THE REVIEWS. Well, when Uber released their kickstarter for this game, Planetary Annihilation, the game looks very promising, very what you call ""unique"" It was the kind of game that would just suck, or be really really fun. I would have to say, the game upon full released is somewhat disappointing as the kickstarter somehow showed this game's potential. I would have to say, it is not fully met, but this game is not that bad, but not fantastic either.If you have the opportunity to actually grab this game during a sale, i would highly recommend that to happen. This game is definately worth the sale price, but for the original price? Its a big NO from me."
76561197962513067,Not Recommended,233250,13168020,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,jash,no
,Not Recommended,233250,13176440,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Kourt Jester,Can not play this game despite having over the recomended settings waste of $10
,Recommended,233250,13213923,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,rawj1213,It is lacking in some areas. But a great game otherwise. Can't wait for the development team to continue making it better.
76561198073762556,Recommended,233250,10218719,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,zanderman,"i got this game when it was $100 and i love the game, but i do however feel concerned about whether i will get the same rewards as on the kickstarter page had to offer. I anyone coult tell me that would be great."
76561197990246218,Not Recommended,233250,12025415,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,ksd8808,"The DRM in PA checks your online access every second and it has only three servers. If your connection to these server is not good enough, this game will be unplayable because it can stuck every second.I do understand that there is a network accessed DRM in a game which hasn't been formally released,  But when the game is officially launched and it's still there, this is totally unacceptable."
76561197964165419,Not Recommended,233250,12020164,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Zethril,You need to link your Steam account to Uber account!!1) Why do I need your stupid account Ubernet? Take off.2) When you launch the game Uber does not tell you that you need to link your Steam Account. Do they even have a quality control team?3) Took me 30 minutes of googling and support forum digging on Uber's website to find this garbage out. Nothing says anything about it in game. FAIL!I am already regretting buying this game and I've not even done more then launch. This might be Uber's first and last game.
76561197971009307,Not Recommended,233250,12019893,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Joien,this game would actually be fun if the performace wasn't so poor
76561198025371618,Recommended,233250,12010950,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Haydn1812,the metal planits are baskly a death star from star wars
,Not Recommended,233250,13173444,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Fi,If this game got easy grip camera control i would play it more
,Not Recommended,233250,13199835,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Yeezus Schulz,needs more boobs
,Not Recommended,233250,13974332,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Vagab0nd,"I hav a Mac, and for what it's worth its better than the minimum requirements, i5 with 8GB memory on an SSD HD. and it is still very choppy and laggy. I guess my Video card may be the problem 512ram but if you are not on a great internet connection, or you have an ""older"" MBP like I do this may not work for you.I love the idea, i wish I could play."
76561198086752668,Recommended,233250,16005914,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,YourBoiStar,"If you want to blow up big planets and fight giant cluster ♥♥♥♥s of robot's, this is for you. Have had no buggy gameplay."
,Recommended,233250,16492091,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,GrafZahl,"After countless of patches, this game is finally good. Grab it during a sale and it will satisfy your RTS needs for sure :)"
,Recommended,233250,16850925,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,RoofTopBoy,"Great Game overall, a bit buggy but still good."
76561198025333673,Recommended,233250,15979269,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Evilofddc22,"Planetary Annihilation is THE game i am looking for long times. A RTS with planets, ground / air / sea / space combat and ... planetary annihilation !The game is well balanced between economy (explore, gathering ressources, building base) and combat.16/20 !In my opinion we need more systems (maps) and a true solo campaign !"
,Recommended,233250,16835833,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Sobchak Security,"Like SupCom with Death Stars and orbital fights. If you like RTS, PA is a must."
,Recommended,233250,17083196,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,crazy boy atahan 78,ruleeeeer dark satan baver europa lucifer satan lucifer satan
76561198110645414,Recommended,233250,17287321,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Monty1442,"10/10 would destroy planets with nukes, other planets and giant space lasers again"
76561198016700646,Recommended,233250,17396278,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,TomTom,Good game. Has a lot of potential.
,Not Recommended,233250,9705301,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Matt,this is sh*t i hate it does not work
76561198128706502,Not Recommended,233250,17178664,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,DJ Khaled,This game is way to hard. So much so its nearly impossible to win a single match on the easiest difficulty.If it was easier to keep up with the AI it would actually be fun.
76561198075113685,Recommended,233250,20938568,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,UF_newfatmike,Its a bad♥♥♥♥♥RTS in space what can I say...I love.
,Recommended,233250,15327634,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Karolis,Better cancer simulator than Plague Inc. 10/10 IGN
76561198055404794,Not Recommended,233250,10908914,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Tastier Mouth,This game simply doesnt work when I try to load a games it just crashes EVERY TIME. Ive even tryed to uninstall and reinstall it and that doesnt even work!
,Not Recommended,233250,11737741,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Whoops,"If it doesn't crash, it's fun. But it crashes very often. On Mac every second time I play. Either it crashes completely, so that the programm is closed, or I just get a black screen, where I can see the game overlays, but the game itself is gone.Sorry, I cannot recommend to buy this game yet."
,Not Recommended,233250,11671119,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,dani485b,I do bloddy love this game but now i'm mad i bought it for the old price (The first build avaible on steam's price) and now it's much cheaper... I want some of my money back >_>
,Recommended,233250,17768040,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Advisorycentaur,is pretty good
76561198002377859,Recommended,233250,15866385,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Game Changer,"this games amazing, all except for 1 little thing that i can't seem to get passed, when i play Galactic War, in Single Player, eventually comes a time where i end a battle and it glitches, and won't go to the screen where i can 'return to war'it just freezes there, i can move the screen but i can't click on anything, due to this i haven't been able to finish a Glactic War, besides this the game is great and i'd tell anybody who loves rts to play it"
76561198115098365,Recommended,233250,13937194,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,JaysonFraggs,I didnt look at the review till just minutes ago from writing this one. and id say dont listin to most of them. tho only thing wrong is it can but its not offten bug up a little. but other thain that its worth it for a fun gaming experiance. I say get it and try it out
,Recommended,233250,16000328,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Shatterbot,I feel like space hitler.
76561198015860816,Not Recommended,233250,11361356,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Meatstarship,"Pros - ?Cons - Friends dont get friend requests.Friends cannot join game.Game freezes on launch.I've played and loved total annihilation and supreme commander.  After seeing this on kickstarter and seeing their success I was extremely excited to give it a go.  After waiting a while and giving them time to let them hash out some beginning troubles I finally jumped on it... what a bad idea that was... They have had plenty of time to atleast get some sort of multiplayer going, but alas, it's a wash.  I will not recommend this game  unless they make some serious changes and actually make it somewhat playable.0/10"
76561198053767780,Not Recommended,233250,9322187,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Anguis Furor,"Okay guys, I had a quick dirty fight with this ""game"". Basically.This is supreme commanders ""special"" little brother. And mean the special with every negative meaning possible.The tech tree basically the same, there are bots, tanks, naval unit, everything is based on the UDF side of Supreme Commander, even the planes. The idea that you build bigger engineers that can build bigger units also copied from Supreme Commander. The idea that you start with a commander mech and build yourself an army was also copied from... okay, I think you get it. This is Supreme Commander. Nothing more, but a lot less. The camera handling is not only horrible, but the people who made it should pay me because of the emotional scarring that it caused. That planet collosion looks nice, the expand to more planets LOOKS nice, but it is not. And now that I mention that paying, I believe it is time I asked for a refund, first time in my life. If I want to play a game like this, I'll play Supreme Commander, or Forged Alliance (standalone expansion to Supreme Commander). You'll see that they basically copied these games without any kind of regret or shame."
76561197965351205,Not Recommended,233250,9342390,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Triptrippen,14$ DLC  for a tutorial....... also dlc players can't play with non dlc players so the tiny community is now even smaller :/
76561198042931389,Not Recommended,233250,10735881,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,terry.wayne,Just purchased a game that I have no mouse pointer in on startup so i cant get past a dumb youtube video they make u watch. what a rip off.
76561198065557203,Not Recommended,233250,10977421,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Diliberto123,I bought the game and downloaded it but it just wont start idk why but when it starts up it crashes and died multipul times to start it and it actually crashed my computer so if your planning in buying this good luck
76561197993411953,Not Recommended,233250,10989334,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Luicci ●,"İt looks exciting but rest of it sucks, there is no easy difficulty option for new players or solo play. Game engine works so slow even with 8 core cpu. There is no chance to enjoy multiplayer mod because many gamer already playing good, when u gettin to play among em you losing in 3-5 minutes. Against bots or advanced gamers doesnt matter, if I continue to play Im gonna lose and lose again, Why I bought this game?"
,Not Recommended,233250,11001536,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Big Blank,"""PA.exe stopped functionning. Have fun not playing the game you paid for lol""AND DON'T GET ME STARTED ON THE ""TUTORIAL"".Having a moron shrieking in a high-pitched voice is extremely irritating. It's like having Pewdiepie explaining the game to you."
76561197971356884,Not Recommended,233250,11690746,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,[R22R]Sdt-DIES3L_1977,boring   !!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,233250,10714182,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,karakum,Just another starcraft-like rts♥♥♥♥♥♥for ten-handed korean kids.
76561198076295216,Not Recommended,233250,10830473,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Legea,it's so bad to play at south east asia. cannot play at all D: . keep getting failed to join if i manage to join game it's so laggy that almost impossible to play D:
,Not Recommended,233250,10894972,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Fatally Gingered,Spend the better half of an hour building an Empire for it to be destroyed in literally 3 seconds by a random nuke you couldn't have prevented.I give the Japanese Empire simulator a 3/10
,Not Recommended,233250,10991954,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,StackThoseKills,If I decline the disclaimer pop-up when the game starts it doesn't let me play.
76561198026042632,Recommended,233250,13578766,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,badjohn86,hellz yeah
,Recommended,233250,13610602,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,OWLIE,This game is amazing. It is one of the most dynamic strategy games I have ever played where strategy itself is very important!
,Recommended,233250,13612144,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,AdrianoshYT,pretty awesome
76561198079440639,Not Recommended,233250,13627838,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Betman,"This is truly a Great Game, But the fact that it can't work with a resolution under 1280 x 720 is ridiculous and i had wasted money."
,Recommended,233250,13729081,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,The Pope of spice,"If this game was a potato, it would be a good potato20/10 would smell potato again"
,Recommended,233250,13617178,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Webspells,"This game is like an old game long forgotten, Total Annihilation, in which the Core and the Arm would consistantly skirmish. theres been ome big chanes and I'd say not one of them is bad. inter sytem warfare. this is the most complex, and well thought real time stratigy I have ever played."
76561198188782454,Recommended,233250,21541693,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Turtle Neck,"A possibly great game, plagued by terrible developers who care only for the money.I got it for $6, when it was on sale. It is quite a lot of fun, if you can play with friends. The AI can be pretty difficult at times.PA has been improved in the past year or so. One of it's biggest issues being optimization, which for the most part was fixed. But what the real issue is, is the money. This is what a lot of people have an issue with, including my friends and I. First off, the game is $30 out right, and then they release a ""Standalone Expansion"", which barely improves anything and just adds a few new units. The expansion itself, is another $40 .-.You would think that who ever bought the game before the expansion, would get it for free. But they don't. At least we got a discount :P. Maybe, just maybe, they think they stop there, THEY DON'T. Uber Entertainment, makes these ""Commanders"". Which you have to buy to get, for $10 a piece. They're purely asthetic so at least it's not paying money in the exchange of having a more powerful commander.Really though, this is still a fun game. People complain about the graphics, and sure, they're not as high end as some games. But they get the job done, and are easy to run for the massive armies you will be building and destroying.This still gets a thumbs up from me, I've had tons of fun with this game and my friends. The developers just need to pick up their game."
76561198083418290,Recommended,233250,12839667,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Believing Flame,"Don't think about it, Get it already"
,Recommended,233250,13607100,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,desmo_,"I really recommending this game to people that liked playing games such like EMPIRES EARTH franchise. This game is one of the best i played in this genres. Im very very excited for future upadates an addons. I like their updates they are often releasing, i can see they really care about players and develops listen to them, this types of developers are best. KEEP ON DOING UR JOB U HAVE GOT AWESOME GAME WITH MORE AWESOMNESS ELEMENTS !!!"
,Recommended,233250,13613731,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Wolfdale (K3N),You can hit planets with other planets... 10/10
,Not Recommended,233250,17781122,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Angbadang,No.
,Recommended,233250,13565608,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Oskulock,"Updated 9.1.2015The game has received a patch,  and runs a lot better (for some reason) than it did before. They also added a new building called the ""Unit Cannon"" which makes rushing other planets a bit easier. The main campaign is still pretty lackluster, but i can see people having some fun times playing casually with friends. This does NOT however, mean that you should be supporting Uber Entertainment by purchasing the Deluxe Edition content or getting the game for full price.Bottom line: Get the game when it's on sale for -75% or more, it's a good amount of fun for the price.Old Review:All the negative reviews are unfortunately true, it's a very, very basic RTS that really doesn't have a lot going for it. You're much better off playing Supreme Commander, or even it's sequel, which you can also get a lot cheaper than this title."
,Recommended,233250,13601632,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Vicarious,9/10 would ♥♥♥♥ a planet with a moon again.
76561197998716589,Recommended,233250,13638427,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,JAKE PAUL (DAB ON THE H8ERZ),"Basically its a new Supreme Commander.  The orbital mechanics and interplanetary travel makes for a fun rts to rage with friends.  I would have liked to see different factions with different units, or maybe experimental untis like Sup Comm, but flying moons and giant lasers make up for that in a big way."
,Recommended,233250,13602268,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,JohnnyDeadmeat,If your a fan of the old total Annihilation series this is the game for you.more epic and brutal than the original.
,Recommended,233250,13618152,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,наdос,many flaws like unit controll and minimap but got potential
,Recommended,233250,13629685,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,s a d b o i s,HOLY SH*T YOU CAN SMASH PLANETS WITH OTHER PLANETS AND BUILD A DEATH STAR10/10
,Recommended,233250,13595939,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Master Bates,"I like its RTS style, it brings back that old Age of Empires style, mixed with the civilization stage from Spore. Really fast paced, might even help me improve my AOE skillz (which suck). I like it, but I wouldn't buy it at full price. Oh yeah, the camera ♥♥♥♥ING SUCKS. THEY NEED TO FIX IT, IT IS DRIVING ME CRAZY."
,Recommended,233250,13613563,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Spencer17,amazing
,Recommended,233250,13617439,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Eagle X,"BUY THIS IT IS AMAZING, PEW PEW"
76561198027548299,Not Recommended,233250,11487949,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Charlie Chaser,nah
,Recommended,233250,11997714,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Maxim,"If you are searching for a good real-time strategy game. Then this is the best for you!After growing up with Command and Conquer this is the best game that puts all those little things I loved together.It would be a bit better with more fractions and different units, but this makes a game more fair for everyone.And the name keeps its promise. You CAN annihilate planets!!A total 10/10!!From all real-time strategy games, this is by far the best and funniest.The moment when you launch a moon angainst a planet...Pretty amazing, love the idea!"
76561198136458398,Recommended,233250,16931745,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Rune,A great gamehope they add more characters tho
76561198067020899,Not Recommended,233250,15804279,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,YA BOOSHWAGGA,couldn't get in to this which is saying something considering my extensive playtime in all kinds of strategy games
76561198087099240,Recommended,233250,13687443,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Bill Cosby,SUPER FUN AND SO ENTERTAINING
76561198066385207,Recommended,233250,13948465,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Legalrick2,Hundreds of things go boom!
,Recommended,233250,13690305,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,mavna,No 'save game' option? Seriously??It would be a great game though.
76561198081436358,Recommended,233250,13192759,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Paul von Hindenburg,"This game is AMAZING it isn't the most stable game but the amount of content is worth it and it's still on in beta. The weapons and effects are beautiful and there is no real need for the mircotransactions, they can be completely ignored."
,Recommended,233250,17612836,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,GEPRNKAED,"Planetary annihilation is a masterpiece of strategic battling mixed with themed gameplay. Whether your the expansive type, who like to built lots of small bases or whether your the defensive type who secrets an army until the endgame, PA is a great RTS. People say it isn't very good, that it doesn't live up to TA's expectations - it does, and surpasses them easily. The only problem is that previous owners of the game have to buy the new expansion for its full price rather than getting it as a DLC."
,Recommended,233250,17613292,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Splitsec-_-,Great Game Reminds me of the good old days of Supreme Commander Tho They could have added more units and stuff etc..
76561198128405561,Recommended,233250,17622733,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,KryptonizeDC,its awesome
76561198115228366,Recommended,233250,17624578,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,[GFL] The Unkindled One,"When I first got this game, I hated it. For months, the timer was set at 17 minutes gametime. I'm not kidding. Now that I am better at RTS's, I've grown to love the damn thing. However, just know that sometimes you may have to send an entire army's worth to get to the enemy base. I'm not talking like a whole infantry division. No, no, no. I'M TALKING THE WHOLE FRICKING ARMY, ARMOR DIVISIONS, NAVY AND THE GOD DAMNED AIR FORCE MAN. One battle took an entire hour. An entire hour just plotting on how to kick the opponents'♥♥♥♥♥ Haven't tried multiplayer yet, doubt I will.It's a fun game. Makes me think, ""Oh look, I'm sending terminators at each other. How fun.""If you are an RTS fan, you should get this game."
,Recommended,233250,17665029,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,BanditPig,I woke up one morning and took over an entire planet.Just an avarege morning.
,Recommended,233250,12354495,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Dark Autismo,"Well, its definitely better than the reviews I've read make it out to be. At least at this point in development. Yes there are features missing still. There's a tutorial button that doesn't do anything when you click it, but the core game IS present and IS fun. Really fun. Like, some of the most fun I've had playing an RTS. Its awesome. Going into it, I was expecting much less than what I received and was blown away with how polished it really is.For the record, I purchased this game at 50% off for $14.99 so for that price I am quite satisfied. That being said, I'm not sure I'd pay $30 for it, but I also have the Steam mentality of ""never buy anything full price."" So maybe that's a contributing factor. Regardless, its good fun, and while I'd still wait for a sale to buy it, I wouldn't pass it up once it goes on sale.EDIT: As of Jan. 9, 2015 THIS GAME IS $5. Do not miss this opportunity. This game is easily worth $20, even with that Steam mentality. $5 is a steal for the amount of content you get out of this."
,Recommended,233250,13706340,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Two-Year Plan,Great game
76561197990254498,Not Recommended,233250,11082094,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Montiem,"This is the first game on Steam that hasnt worked for me.  After a few years of gaming with Steam, and purchasing 143 titles, I must say that this is a disappointment.  I have a reasonable rig, so am unsure why this game keeps crashing.  I know its in Alpha, but so have a number of other games that ive purchased, they all worked to a basic level... What a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,233250,12100910,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,TopBadger,"This is insulting, The game is not even close to being compleat, have always online DRM and no off line mode, you have to connect to a server to play the game single player. do not  buy what a ♥♥♥♥ing joke."
76561197970376761,Not Recommended,233250,11999851,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Shocky,"Not as good as previous games in the series, performance issues, disappointing graphics and game mechanics which don't really work.Also worth noting the AI is a mess. played for a while and after a few low memory errors and attempts to play this I just gave up and have no interest in playing it again."
76561197982877381,Not Recommended,233250,12025630,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Dethstarr,"Always on offline DRM has been removed!Ok single player mode.   Very lightweight.  I was always under the impressiont they would one day finish it and actually put in some content.  They didnt, they scammed the Kickstarter backers instead and re released the same game with a bit more conetent that should have been provided to backers anyway.Typical Xerg to win as it was never finished."
76561198076086923,Recommended,233250,17057758,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Ecthelon,"This game has received a lot of bad press, and I feel bad for it, as this game really is a remarkable achievement.Considering the size of the battles, its insanely well optimised now, and bugs that used to be irritating have been culled constantly by a solid team of developers.Gameplay is challenging, perhaps too much so for new players, but well worth getting into. Games are incredibly strategic, and playing with a team is incredible as you monitor the entire map together, teamwork making this game truly glorious.My favorite thing about this game however is the effort that has gone into it over time. The AI, optimisation and gameplay has just kept going up and up. I would beg people how disliked this game to give it another chance, as it really deserves it. Try and get some friends together if you can, but random games can be fun too.Sometimes I even enjoy just setting up a load of AI, sitting back and watching them slug it out. Its genuinely exciting, and you try to watch everywhere at once as excitment builds. Whats more, if you miss anything, the 'chronocam' allows you to go back and watch a different part again with no problems. Once again, the optimisation here is simply joyous, as there is no hint of lag even with 6 AI and 5 planets swarming with units.Overall, this game is underated mainly due to problems that don't exist any more and bogged down by poor reviews that really need to be changed. The game these reviews were for has changed massively, so isn't it reasonable for the reviews to be cahnged too?"
76561198097260379,Not Recommended,233250,19960304,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Vanguard,"i love the game and it is really good. However, Uber sells Titans while i paid 45 euros for PA as betá. Uber should give us the extention for free and fulfill their promises."
76561197972448913,Not Recommended,233250,20156663,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Jamin,"Game had a bunch of potential but then they go and release a standalone expansion that forces everyone that ones this game to go and buy that game if they want to continue recieving updates. Also, they have the audacity to put THIS game on sale?!Are you freaking kidding me?!"
76561198006713826,Not Recommended,233250,20387747,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,RG LDunphy,70% OFF for the game with the expansion... 27% off if u were stupid enough to pay 90 bucks for the game. well thats a big F#$% YOU Too people who backed alpha.
,Not Recommended,233250,15865058,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,HulkSmash,Worst♥♥♥♥♥♥evere
,Not Recommended,233250,20154311,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,YeNDoRiOn,Somewhat good game; Greedy company
76561198008657539,Not Recommended,233250,15889984,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,jonny,The biggest disappointment and waste of potential since... me
,Not Recommended,233250,16530160,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Michael Majere,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game has more Issues then Windows ME. It crashes more then any car in a Destruction Derby. If you are looking for a game that looks like it could be Great. Starts to play good, has a great Idea behind it. Gets you into the game.. Then suddenly♥♥♥♥♥♥blocks you constantly with nonstop crashes... Then this is the game for you! Expect at Least 1 crash per battle (per reloading of the game). Save as often as you can.I heard so much hype about this game in the past. Seen it on the Steam summer sale and seen Single Player Expansion and Update and thought well this sounds amazing. The Game looks Great.. Looks like Supreme Commander and Command and Conquer.. Multiple Planets.. Cross between Sins of a Solar Empire.. sure.. Im all in...and then... Crash... Crash.. Crash.. Crash.. Crash.Bewards consider this game an Alpha or Beta purchase at the Minimum with how it players and has issues. If the Developer starts fixing all these issues up and finally gets it to what it was hyped up to be long ago this game can and will be Amazing. Until then.. Its unstable."
,Not Recommended,233250,15812837,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,sleepytom,"A downright clunky spamfest, not recommended."
76561198189572214,Not Recommended,233250,16351810,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Archmage88,laoded fine and the game menue works fine.. but it crashes half way thorugh loading the war maps.. havent seen combat yet...
76561197982441454,Not Recommended,233250,19967171,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Eodarion,such a disappointment...
76561198053698766,Not Recommended,233250,15840828,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Yorkie,They basically stole £6.00 from my wallet and shanked me
,Not Recommended,233250,16215130,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Scott Mac,I was prepared to look pas the negative comments because I liked the graphic style of the game. What a mistake that was. I'd watched and waited for ages for this to be on sale and grabbed it fairly cheap. It was still a waste of money. It feels like there should be way more to it. It's unfinished. Don't bother.
76561198171882954,Not Recommended,233250,20001008,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,loopsstudios91,"This game could use some help with Macs, I have an Macintosh HD from 2008 and I got all the requrments but every time I played, it gave me that spinning beachball of death every 2 seconds. And sure, it's old, but PLEASE just put the bar a little lower for reqirments, please Uber come on just do it this would make it a much better game"
76561198062301290,Not Recommended,233250,20154540,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,youwin1234,Game is poorly made. Controls don't make sense. Didn't finish main game and put out DLC for us to buy to finish the core game! Terrible marketing almost like EA!
,Not Recommended,233250,20177416,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ViveBoy,"Where do I start with this game.Sure the kickstarter promised so much stuff that was never addedSure the game had alot of bugs - some of which were fixed.But, this is still a good game. The game plays like a really well done RTS. The ability to travel between planets and launch planets at other players is still one of my favorite mechanics. Even though with the addition of the new 'expansion' titans (which is a rip-off and you should not bother buying it), the original game (this one) is still a great game with an amazing idea.The only problem I see is that most of the players are now playing 'titans' which only leaves about 35% of the community on the base game. This means that the playerbase is now alot smaller which means this game is best played with a few friends.Is it worth buying?Overall the base game is worth buying if you have at least one or two friends to play it with, otherwise it could get boring because of the lack of community (unless you buy titans)EDIT: It appears that this game is getting pulled from the store so that 'titans' can replace it. Very nice job Uber. Perhaps reconsider buying this game. What a shame."
,Not Recommended,233250,19470510,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Gutsu,Im lucky i got this on the winter sale and paid 10$ for it. some people paid 80$ for a game that now has added content to it but costs an extra 15 bucks. I get DLC but this isnt DLC this is what the game was said to have when it was in production.
,Not Recommended,233250,20147159,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Hobotango,"I taught i was buying some kind of Supreme Commander....Well I may have like the game if it actually work, but it doesnt. its a big bug mess and thats about it. too bad.."
76561197993296518,Not Recommended,233250,10245781,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Morvau4,seriously???? your asking me to pay for an expansion pack for a game thats still broken??? grow the ♥♥♥♥ up
76561198020586501,Not Recommended,233250,10261341,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Scribbles,"i got in on the beta when there was a good deal. i recommend you either wait for a deal or for a release. i expect bugs in a beta, but the bugs in this game make it unplayable.if you want to spend 50 bux to watch some robots stand around while not being able to give them order, go ahead and get in on early access. if you don't, well, wait for release."
,Recommended,233250,4702965,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Colonel Sanders,Realy great game when you buy this game in alpha it feels amazing and when you pay 90$ you pay for a great game and support the devs at the same time
,Recommended,233250,16482658,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,mrblownking,"I love the game, its very fun to play, especially the multiplayer, if you play with friends. Though it takes a while to get this game to work."
76561198020854514,Recommended,233250,11993933,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Fiddie Kiddler,AHM FIRIN MAH HUGE♥♥♥♥♥LAZOR!!!
,Recommended,233250,13606834,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,nomad2001,"Okay so it took me a while to create an ACTUAL USEFUL REVIEW for this game, So lets get crackin.Planetary annihilation is an RTS created by uber entertrainment who are the creators of total annihilation, Which is sometimes considered the best RTS ever made.A standard game of planetary annihilation is pretty standard, Build units and factories, Progress through phases, Expand and sooner or later Win, Or loose if your tactics suck. With the added bonus of planets, This allows for tactical orbital gameplay along with the infamouse Planet smash. This is what gives this game its true identity.Lets go over some pros and consPros:Endlessly replayable with a modding community and an inblult map creator.Interplanetary gameplay.No unit cap *The cap is however many your PC can handle without bursting into flames*Inbuilt sandbox mode which was recently addedHere are the cons:This game is NOT well optomized, You need a beefy rig to run it wellThe community is pretty in-active ingame most of the timeOkay this is the worst one, MICROTRANSACTIONS. UP TO FIVE DOLLARS! The next section will explane my distane dislike for this *Feature*Microtransactions are a scummy tactic used most commonly in free to play games to give the player willing to spread their♥♥♥♥♥cheeks to said greedy developer a boost in the game, Or in this case Somthing that does ♥♥♥♥ ALL, This is a stingy tactic that charges upwards of FIVE DOLLARS, This is un-acceptable and i reccomend you keep your♥♥♥♥♥cheeks firmly clenched when your cursor goes near the armoury button.This detail however does not draw away from the actual game, However i do wish they would remove any trace of these inoperable cancers of the gaming industry from this product.All in all if you can keep your wallet away from the armory you should pick it up and endulge, Go buy it"
,Recommended,233250,13610937,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Sarryaz,"The largest RTS game yet made, on a scale that will seriously challenge your micromanagement abilities at first, but which ultimately pays off if you stick with it. Turn moons into kinetic weapons, activate long-dormant planet-sized super lasers to obliterate other planets in a solar system, if you have literally never seen a game that operates on this scale before. If you like RTS games, and you enjoyed Total Annihilation or Supreme Commander, buy this game."
,Recommended,233250,12058627,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Angelrobot,"This game is awesome. I've played TONS of strategy games. That's what this game is, on steroids. As I played strategy games growing up however; I felt confined, limited, and grew to dislike what strategy games became. Population caps, were the bane of my existence. I felt the need to command thousands of units. Build empires, destory others.So, between the good strategy games Wc3, Starcraft, AoE, Empire Earth, Total wars. Their lacked that scale which my inner Conqueror needed to feel sated. I needed the scale of a true battle for a warrior. For a while I switched to browser games. The numbers they fed my hunger, but these browser games required money for sustainment, and lacked that level of micro control. The routing of an entire enemy force from a well timed calvary charge. A well placed and walled T2 turret decimating an enemies entire T1 force. This game brought with it no unit cap. A universe of campaigns. Solar system battle fields. Planets being destroyed. Fortresses contructed. Destroyed only with a well coordinated attacks. Nukes to stop the spread of an enemy on another planet. Teleporters saving or possibiliy destroying the commander of your forces. I bought this game from the beginning for a 100 dollars. I am not disappointed in the least. This game is something I've been looking for since I began playing strategy games. War on a truly massive scale.I once fought a 4v4, four hour battle. It was thee most fun battle in my life. The enemy built tons of T1(tier 1) factories gaining a large advantage on the battlefield. Unfortunately I was their closest target. In a panic I built walls and turrets with some T1 fabbers (fabrication bots). By this time the enemy was advancing, but my walled turrets held the tide. Too late for them I had a T2 fabber building a couple T2 turrets cementing my walled defense, but the danger didn't not end there. The enemies mass of T1 could have swarmed by defences from every side, thus I built missile launchers, which pecked away at the enemy consistently giving me more time to build defences. At this point I built anti-nukes, only way they could ever knock me from my walled keep. By the time I had finish these defences war had broken out accross most of the planet, except for the North pole which my base was convienently located near. Fortunately my allies had built a large wealth of resources allowing me to build T2 factories and missile launchers on the other side of the north pole. Effectively taking control of several mineral clusters (Metal resource) and giving my undefended access to their factory base. Taking advantage of this I slowly advanced toward their base with missile launchers and T2 turrets much like trench warfare, making my removal near impossible. Sensing my time I prematurely struck the enemy near the heart of their empire. I took out several factories and T2 energy generators, but alas my efforts were futile. My allies on the otherhand had amassed a monstrous army of combined arms (T1 T2 tanks), which blazed a path of destruction not seen since Sherman's march to the sea. Yet this attack only invigorated the enemies efforts, but their passion could not handle the loss of territory. Their economy was in shambles due to their metal extractors being raided by my continued advances across the barren half of the planet. Eventually surrounding the enemy with a labyrinth of missile launchers, factories, and turrets killing all the queued fabbers(You can queue fabbers to build on every metal extractor on the planet). They held us back for a time after our incursion, almost gaining the advantage again thanks to an ally who was letting them rebuild in previously taken land, but at this time they were fighting a losing battle, just a matter of when they would finally break, when they could no longer produce enough war machines for the grinder. Needless to say, but the best four hours of my gameplay, wish I had recorded it all. Just loved watching the macro building, and micro battles deciding the fate of our two clans.Hope I explained things excitingly. I was shaking a bit at times. Every decision could've ended in my teams defeat, but together our mash of strategies overcame the obstacle. I read some of the negative reviews, just wanted to address a few of the common themes I saw. There is single player, but like all single player, it doesn't compete with the thrill of combating another conqueror, but it definitely has single player. Also their constantly updating the game. You can go to their forums and even find what features they will be adding, and which they will not. Uber has delivered astonishingly well. I look forward to fighting you all.One final note. My favorite game of all. Build a system (yes you can custom build your own solar system, the size, its orbit, orbiting planets, the amount of water, the amount of mountains, metal clusters or evenly dispersed metal, or close to no metal at all) with one planet. Make the planet small, with little to no metal. Host a game with 10 players. Thunderdome! See which players can effectively use their resources most efficiently. The more efficient you are the faster you can expand. The goal of this game. Turtle. Turtle like no other, but remember you can build resource storage. Allowing you to splurge resources when their almost full, and then stopping a few fabbers before you run out giving you 100% efficiency. *Very fun to play with bots, lost once before a bot went full orbital and built an orbital laser. MFW I forgot oribital defense -_-"
76561198103196025,Not Recommended,233250,12853031,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,jasonv,i recommend buying this game it still feels like it is in beta the most wasteful thing to spend your money on it still has alot of bugs i cant even land on the planet without the game crashing
76561198040724388,Recommended,233250,12021430,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Mayor McDank,"fast paced, large scaled and beautiful! but seriously, if you're not good at multi-tasking don't buy this, it will make you very angry"
76561198029925989,Not Recommended,233250,12000830,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Fidget cube spinner,"Game is ♥♥♥♥ing broken, online-only, lack most of the features, has barely to no propper balance and they ♥♥♥♥ing released it.For every who likes this genra i would recommend Zero-K which has more content,  hardcore AI, is free and way more balanced.♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198127442460,Recommended,233250,25959320,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Ironside,very cool game it would be very cool if it had a human faction also i dont know why it has bad reviews i think its a great space rts game
76561198184655654,Recommended,233250,31120248,Posted: 13 April,all,'Zeptor,"This game is a master piece, it's one of a kind. I have to say after playing this game my life has changed, and only for the better. If u buy this game I promise you that great things will happen. The gameplay i fanomenal, and it's unbelievable that the game has not won anny awards. Buy the game and join the community, and I will see you in the galactic war.EARLY UNIT RUSH OP!"
,Recommended,233250,20203201,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Juice,Get this game for a buck on bundlestars.https://www.bundlestars.com/en/game/planetary-annihilationOnly till 1/3/16They give you a steam key to use on steam
76561197988927906,Not Recommended,233250,9294205,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,BloodPanda,"buggy, laggy and limited. Looks awesome in the videos but performance is shakey. Hopeful for updates and patches to fix major problems but as it stands right now this game is not worth the price tag even on sale. $10 at most certainly not $60.The controls are laggy, camera angles suck and I was unable to rotate the camera or pan it. There is an option in settings to activate edge scrolling but even with it turned on I was unable to scroll or rotate the camera. The game itself moves too fast and the units and buildings are far to easily destroyed. The system creator is broken, I make a custom system and save it then go in to launch it and it freezes my entire computer. Hit or miss save files, I hit save then try to find my saved file and it is not there.The concept is awesome but it has miles to go before it is ""playable"" The multiplayer function sucks, it would be fun to play with friends someday but focus on gameplay before multiplay. Get the game to work and work well before advertising a multiplayer function. With glitches so numerous and gameplay so obviously lacking I am surprised they were able to charge $60 for this game. A much more reasonable pricetag for the state this game is in would be $4.99."
,Recommended,233250,12030045,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,NexAngelus *Fortnight*,"Totally has the TA vib as a spiritual sucessor should. think it still has plenty of room to grow, but now that the price is down into normal range and its offically out. if u like TA or real time strat games. def worth a peek for sure. ive been having a blast in the galactic war mode. its random so its never one strat over and over. and one death and u have to reroll a new map. very neat concepts. pretty sure u wont regret the purchase if u like RTS's"
,Recommended,233250,12058562,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Scion,"The game is still pretty buggy... but if you can look past that, it's pretty fun."
,Recommended,233250,8375365,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ooYee,"Worth the money, extremely fun to play."
76561197992841073,Not Recommended,233250,13822056,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,á,dont ever buy this
,Not Recommended,233250,9042987,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Future Troglodyte,payed a cool $50 for a consistant 3 FPS and CONSTANT crashing to desktop............. thanx UBER! A) GET RID OF THE UBER SERVER RELIANCE! B) FIX THE CODE SO IT CAN ACTUALLY RUN OK ON BADD♥♥♥♥♥DEDICATED GAMING PC's!
76561198091691814,Not Recommended,233250,9291675,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Used crayons,The AI is basically the equalivalent of a Korean Starcraft team
76561198073399796,Recommended,233250,23788938,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Jasper,"Its a decent game, ignore all of the♥♥♥♥♥♥heads who say slow down is an issue, They just need better set ups xD"
76561198025060621,Not Recommended,233250,29914627,Posted: 13 February,all,Use the Force Harry - Gandalf,Those of us that bought this game basically paid to beta test a game for the developer. This is basically the beta to PA Titans.This game is a buggy incomplete prequel that the developer abandoned instead of aborting it like it deserves.
,Not Recommended,233250,28737870,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Refaim,"To hell with this game. To hell with these money grubbing, child like grown men selling me a full game and then pulling most if not all players into their ""new"" game and leaving me with a broken AI. Shame on them."
76561198073393383,Not Recommended,233250,25116130,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,DJGamer802,buggy to the point that it is unplayable on my machine that is way past the specifications.
76561197972258122,Not Recommended,233250,26026079,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Ma33a,"I wish I picked up the refund on this sooner.The orignal Total Annihilation games offer much more, this on the other hand is half done, much like this review."
,Not Recommended,233250,26642116,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,MurrayLeBronie,Runs like crap and really mediocre compared to supreme commander and games like that.
,Not Recommended,233250,25398715,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,dead_inside,This game had so much hype but turned out to just be a crappy version of supreme commander.
76561198210136544,Recommended,233250,31078881,Posted: 11 April,all,Lukurba V2,ya gut
76561198115994791,Not Recommended,233250,12990926,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,⇂Øဌىτ୧г,Just wish I would have known before I spent my money on this!!!
,Recommended,233250,13131717,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Zackkaryy,"Super fun, action packed, and wears on the mind. For hardcore strategist +1"
76561198025410191,Not Recommended,233250,10201087,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Xeon,"Supreme Commander was released 7 years ago, but still better and closer to the original TA series than this."
,Recommended,233250,8099877,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,NeonTheCoder,No words can describe the epicness of this game!
,Recommended,233250,12064616,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,MonkH,"I feel really bad for Uber atm I dont understand the hate for PA right now.Ill try to address some of the citismsism posted by other reviews- Game play is boring and repetitive?It's an online competitive RTS game, that's like saying CSGO is boring and repetitive or SC2 is boring and repetitive. the fact the worlds are randomly generated and spans across multiple worlds adds much more dynamics while having a better balanced system by having everyone the same ""race"".-Strategy element is not present! spam more unit than A.I and step over it?Again this is a stupid comment, if it's not a turn based strategy game then macro is a key part of the game having a surround on someone is will become more vital as players get more skilled.-all the factions are the same! just different basic colors?This is actually a positive to the competitive aspect of the game you can't whine protons is imbalanced or terran is imbalance everyone is equal.- All factions units are same! there are still balance issues! Some of them frustrating and gamebreaking?I don't know how a guy can whine balance with only 37 hours played.- Commanders are only skins! no different abilities here. ludicrously those little ugly skins cost 10-20€ on the DRM store! crying skins are too much?They are just skins don't buy them then. This is a brilliant way to give money back to the kick starters.- Nasty bugs are present. Game breaking ones like not allowing you to select or command your units.These sort of bugs are pretty rare for me. I myself haven't experienced them if someone can play 50+ hours and not experince bugs game breaking bugs the game can be released. A lot of early access games get held back not releasing their games far too long past their expiration dates. For me the game is stable enough to justify a release its more stable than most triple A games we have received recent years.-performance issues with the latest gaming machines!I don't know what's going on exactly here but it feels like people are playing with third world internet connections playing an online game with third world internet what do you expect? if it's not your internet your complaining about FPS performance, this game runs on my 6-7 year old pc my computer is worse than a potato box and runs this game.(nvidia geforce gtx 460, 6gbs ram and 2.8GHz i7 860) The amount of hate PA has received baffled me, it's been biggest innovation to the RTS Genre ever, and on a scale almost unimaginable.If you can have games like this (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V6ACTIcWZyY) the game is ready for release in my opinion.If you are going to play PA you are going to need to be good at stratagy games or have paitence with losing a lot at the start, it doesn't hold your hand into how to play a stratagy game at the start and the game doesn't deserve a negative 56% review count because players are bad at RTS games."
76561198011722667,Not Recommended,233250,8807586,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Titan,"Please do not buy this game in its current form. It is not nearly debugged enough to be in beta, I would say this is a rough alpha. It also does not justify its price tag in any way, shape, or form, and I have a hard time imagining the scenario in which it would. The trailers presented do not reflect actual gameplay, and some of the features shown are not actually in the game (asteroids, trans-orbital launchers, orbital droppers). This farce steals economic and playstyle models from Supreme Commander, and despite the simple graphics the game has a huge problem with lag, due to the enormous maps and the fact that all games are based on the unpredictable Ubersoft servers. No hotkeys, bad pathing, bad environment maps, terrible projectile physics (my defensive TOWER cannot shoot over a low environment barrier at the low-slung tank, which is killing the tower itself just fine), imbalanced and predictable map generation, imbalanced economic values, no variety in unit and building progression, lack of game mode choices, bad lighting dynamics, malfunctioning commands, and more.This game utterly fails to bring any semblance of originality to the RTS genre. I promise that if the game ever does allow one to smash an asteroid into another player's base, the novelty will be thrilling and empowering...and then you will never start the game again.Update post release:Many changes, but no improvement. Some slight modifications to the pathing have made projectile physics somewhat better, but considering that the units themselves still can't get to the battle with any kind of cohesion makes this a moot point. You want to win the battle with tanks? Gotta point them at the enemy, because that box on top that looks like a turret, points like a turret, and has a gun like a turret? Yeah, that's not a turret. Want to win it with bots? Gotta make sure they don't get stuck in between any buildings! Want to win it with air? Too bad, because your air builders die to a stiff breeze. Want to win it with nukes? Just don't die to the massively cheaper army rolling through your base! Want to win it by smashing planets? You'll suffer massive losses making landings with cheap landers and bad pathing, and if you do manage to gain a foothold, have fun lagging as your view alternates between planets.Imbalanced tech trees, frustrating mechanics, no benefit to micro whatsoever, and then you get to die to the death beam from metal planets anyway. Space fighters spraying lasers and not hitting a thing, or getting blocked (in space!!!) by bad pathing. AIs tossing nukes like they're free in late game, or pumping massive armies through portals. Your own units running halfway across the planet instead of taking the portal that leads directly there.The single player ""campaign"" has not more than 3 maps, and 2 variations of those - one with lots of metal, and one with very little. Very few moons and very few metal planets. Get ready to get nuked on mission three, because unless you're very very lucky, you won't be able to build anti-nuke installations. Unique commander ""loadouts"" promise a different gameplay on different run-throughs, but since the easiest approach is always rushing with whatever units you have, this is a pathetic difference.I have never played a more frustrating or less fulfilling RTS."
76561198066487919,Recommended,233250,7973292,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Zirchonium,"RTS is back! Not any of that small time slow crap, this is a galaxy scale game with huge armies colliding in massive battles over land, air, sea and space! Laser Satilights, throwing astertroids and nukes bring the real RTS  back."
,Not Recommended,233250,8967179,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,【LH】 GordonBrown,Worst piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥since Cat mario
,Not Recommended,233250,9369736,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Settra,♥♥♥♥ed this game up decided to screw us again and make a better versionAvoid they are a scam for a company.
,Not Recommended,233250,16491949,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,*Yuki*,"Rts is deadWorst strategy game I've ever seen.There is, actually, no strategy here - onlyzerg rush to win.Singleplayer needs to loginto their account (no internets = no game).Poor optimisationwith 32 UI PROCESSES. 32, CARL!!1!And, also...donate. Yes, DONATE IN B2P GAME. You must buy generals - its awfull.There is nothing to do here, so - dont buy it, if you dont wanna waste your money"
76561198072196709,Recommended,233250,15818114,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Aloe,Is verry fun and i like to hae fun
,Not Recommended,233250,9131956,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Steak,I think they need to down the difficulty. Upon buying this game I played against a bot (on easy) and I died after 60 seconds of playing.  After I died I saw what the AI built and it was a huge empire! I got attacked after 30 seconds of playing. its rediculas!
,Recommended,233250,12020683,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Underlordgc,Right before I won a moon hit my base and destroyed everything.11/10 would smash my laptop again
76561197972188950,Recommended,233250,31369132,Posted: 25 April,all,Geometer,"Don't jump on the hate train, this game is quite fun! It's a sequel to the classic Annihilation and plays like Supreme Commander on a much larger scale! In fact, scale is one of the main challenges of the game and if you can build up faster than your opponent, you will most likely win.Fighting over systems, and the planetary combat is awesome! This isn't something you find in other games and it's really under-appreciated. Due to the crowdfunding going way overboard, some players began trolling the community and created a hate train against the developers, but honestly I don't regret buying this game, and I'll probably buy the sequel as well. It's a lot of fun and absolutely gorgeous graphics!"
,Not Recommended,233250,32409164,Posted: 14 June,all,Vro,Abandoned.
76561198047384882,Not Recommended,233250,28954995,Posted: 2 January,all,Penitenziagite,"I purchased this as a Single Player alternative to Supreme Commander. However, this games completely lacks any kind of Single Player campaign. It may be a decent Multiplayer game. As a Single Player game it is useless, especially compared to the pretty similar Supreme Commander."
,Not Recommended,233250,15817835,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,VoceTyrannis,"Really, really badly optimized."
76561198097862912,Not Recommended,233250,25452491,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,nunetsu,Don't buy this game .. the interface control is awful.
,Not Recommended,233250,12720423,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,(-DR-)Deeo,"Good game, but feels unfinished, only got offline play after lots of negitive feed back after release and still has yet to have a save option for single player, so unless you have a few hours to spend in a single sitting, kinda a waste of time for you. Over all its a great game idea having multiple planets to war over with massive armies but overall not polished or finihsed and was released far to early. Say only worth 15 bucks or less."
,Not Recommended,233250,12984968,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Boshaw,They make it better than it looks. The game would be a lot better if it was more like command and conquer or supreme commander. The whole planet design is a cool concept but it is a little bit to much I don't think enough thought was put into it. Like I said ealier if it was designed a bit differently it could of been better but to me I spent 90 bucks on a alpha which I deeply regret now. Learned my lesson.
,Recommended,233250,12031365,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,mhm hm,its good game
76561198042025565,Recommended,233250,7972119,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Commander-Hoss,moons crashing into planets
76561198035627408,Recommended,233250,7860873,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Spartan 1337,"This game, even at its current state, is amazing! It brings a whole new game to the RTS genre!"
76561198006690981,Not Recommended,233250,14605054,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,argentaegis,I just feel sorry for the people who paid full price.  Clunky UI.  No tutorial.  Poorly defined objectives.  It's a waste of money and I'm all the more cautious about buying games because of junk like this.
,Not Recommended,233250,13920737,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Zer0,Absolutely broken.  Runs like crap on a high-end box.Must be coded by a bunch of amateurs.  Do not buy.
,Not Recommended,233250,15820292,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,SmileyBMM,See: Planetary Annihilation TITANSThat should explain why i dont trust this company.
76561198131165110,Not Recommended,233250,13116546,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Consuela,I want a refund
,Recommended,233250,16663397,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,John JuJu Smith-Schuster,Toby get this m8
76561197995154961,Recommended,233250,13907171,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Stierheld,Built gigantic space rockets on a moon. Launched the moon to destroy all in its path. Clicked on my planet destroyed my commander base everything. Quit. Uninstall11/10 would commit nuclear suicide again
,Not Recommended,233250,29459810,Posted: 24 January,all,❉Squirrel❉,Dont buy: Servers are down for comp.No-one plays anymore.
76561198062538153,Not Recommended,233250,28924518,Posted: 1 January,all,Thing201,"Absolutely terrible. I would refund it if i could.I purchased this game along with a friend when it came out since i think there was a little sale. We both began playing it and I found that it was very bad.The game is fairly complex. There is no tutorial.The game has a few different ai difficulty levels. Normal and Hard are ages apart. I have no problem fighting off 5 allied normal bots. but put me against 1 hard and ill loose at least 90% of the time.You can make your own map. The edditor crashes the program on my computer.You tell your units to patroll an area? Only if they feel like it.You tell your orbital units to attack anything in the skies of the plannet? Theyll eventually do nothing.Want to be able to select only a certain area of ground units? You have to select the area and remove all that isnt the units you want.You want to nuke the enemy commander from a planet you controll to theirs? Better make sure their planet is in range of the invisible range indicator. (I lost a 2 hour game because of that)You want a game with 2 teams of 3 with hard bots that lasts longer than an hour without eventually becoming a cluster F that slows your computer down? Better have an atomic computer. (I run skyrim on above the minimum without lag)Want your units to attack a small area of the planet? Better not be in a hurry because theyll take the long way around.Want to do ranked? I hope you like fighting the same person who is ranked above you five times in a row.That aside my friend and I got together and played it. Got destroyed by hard bots because we didnt completely understand the game. We put the game to the side for a while. My firend tells me that they are releasing more content! They are selling what most people would consider a dlc for another whole 40$! (As far as i could tell they added another third tier of super units above the second just for, anihilation sakes.) This was the same game. With another portion of content. Sold for the same price as the inital game. But wait, it cant be that bad, right? Well I will give them the credit that If you purchased the regular game, you could have the dlc worth of content for only 30$. But only if you purchased it within two weeks of its release.My analogy. Skyrim, Marketed as it was. But when you buy the game for 50$ you get only the world and the stuff necessary for the main quest. Then they release a dlc a month later for 40$ with all of the rest of the dungeons and side quests that they have today. Pretty cheap. I am never buying a game with this companies logo."
76561198045075418,Not Recommended,233250,26756342,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Morey Dolm,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing painfull to play. The controls are almost unusable, the interface sucks, and the core gameplay just doesn't ♥♥♥♥ing exist. PA is a violent abortion of an rts."
76561197970366219,Not Recommended,233250,28179839,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,xerxes4242,"Cannot recommend if you're looking for a similar experience to Total Annihilation or Supreme Commander.  If you're looking for yet another zerg or die RTS that requires micromangement across multiple planets now, maybe this game is for you."
76561198065480969,Not Recommended,233250,31185469,Posted: 16 April,all,roninwort,Backed them to help start up the game got a disaster then when it was made properly they expect me to pay more to play the fixed game. Won't be backing any games by these guys ever again.
76561198067565253,Not Recommended,233250,24058752,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,MajorRobertson,Very buggy! I can never get past the main menu because nothing after loads or it takes me stright out of the game and won't load back up
,Not Recommended,233250,33887990,Posted: 29 July,all,iliekP3aches,"Dev team basically took all the assets and put it into the Titans game to charge people again. This vanilla version is alright, but quickly loses replayability when you realize how little is actually in the game. Also I doubt they'll keep updating this version. ♥♥♥♥ Uber, don't buy their games and incentivize such bad business practices."
,Not Recommended,233250,26141579,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Mars,Shady developers abandoned this game after stand-alone update. I was really looking forward to a finished product. uber disappointment.
,Not Recommended,233250,28723532,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sodbuster,"Terrible successor to total annihilation. Just install springlobby and play some spring RTS if you want a total annihilation experience. Planetary Annihilation is terrible and nobody plays it. You have to waste even more money on the ""titans"" dlc to play the version people actually play. No ty."
76561198065641913,Not Recommended,233250,34435508,Posted: 23 August,all,James Bond,My biggest mistake ever. Will never buy again a game from the developers.
76561198009095710,Not Recommended,233250,17619895,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,♠♣Stillnyte♣♠,Here is my review:~ Developers release a good game~ DLC is going to be free YAY!~ Developers release a standalone 'expansion DLC' for $13-40~ Uninstall and Boycott options still work great~ Uber Entertainment is a sham and ****ed their fans(and their wallets)in the @$$Overall Uber Entertainment has outdone EA in shady bussiness practices. Bravo Uber! Bravo!P.S~ Torrents and Piracy incoming jus sayin'!
76561198070867146,Not Recommended,233250,12770077,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,DvChappelle,to put it simply it feels like an empire earth rip off this game just doesn't give me a satifying experince it's as simple as that
,Not Recommended,233250,15821484,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,nightsky,"Impressions- UI is hardly optimized or self explanatory- Navigation in general feels uncomfortable- Mandatory account creation, game won't work without it- No tech tree- No real tutorial- Basic keys for RTS games have been implemented (shift-something, queuing etc.)- Microtransactions, pay for anything but the mere basic units- No storylineVerdict: get it when it is on sale but don't expect something new here if you're, like me, kinda old and have seen past games like this. Deleted after playing for about an hour.Rated 5/10"
,Not Recommended,233250,17332338,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,"""ON""",Game crashes after the match is starting to get fun. i will never get ranked ;(.lots of potential but not good optimized.
,Not Recommended,233250,17573700,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Clone303,"nice RTS and did help back in early access means i pay 40 or 50€ but the developers just want your money for didnt get any of new DLC's for free after early access, that's evil"
,Recommended,233250,13129784,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Harambit Doppler,"Amazing game, not a die hard fan of RTS but this game is really fun and will have a lot of hours pumped into it in the coming future!"
76561197971088364,Recommended,233250,13132815,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Rale,Lol only 10$ now.. Anyone remember when it was 1000% more? Be a much larger fan base had it's debut been released with a reasonable price..Decent game for the few dozen hours I played it. Kinda bored now.. Def worth the 10$ at least.
76561198023505445,Not Recommended,233250,17514639,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Primsun,no
76561198097913806,Not Recommended,233250,14732707,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,ian.minto,like others said this game is in no way a finished product and the ammount of bug reports it gererates and crashes alot.
,Recommended,233250,14737685,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,CountJericho,"Quite simply this game is awesome, so for all you haters out there go play some pong or something you can handle.  Amazing units, nukes, satelites, naval, air and land battle come on this is bad ace!  I have not had any problems with the game, obviously there is a learning curve. I give this 2 thumbs up!"
,Recommended,233250,31979153,Posted: 26 May,all,sEver,"I checked this game after a long time of not playing it due to bugs.This time it worked well enough, didn't crash, the matches worked well and were quite fun.I'd say it is a great improvement from what it was a year ago.Buy when discounted."
76561198054829060,Recommended,233250,11929092,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Lumbar Puncture,"I highly recommend this game. I loved RTS games ever since I started playing C&C. Seeing one of my favorite game genres on such a scale is amazing and I give heavy credit to Ubergames. Although it's really fun and all, it has its downsides. You need a beast of a computer to play (I don't see why not, it's extremely graphic heavy) and it has its share of bugs. Singleplayer is weird and akward with the computer player having extremely OP tech (♥♥♥♥ YOU ORBITAL TECH!) that you never find in the intial systems, and the game frequently crashes due to my computer having to haul♥♥♥♥♥trying to maintain a steady FPS. I know Ubergames are going to fix the bugs and streamline the proformance, so go ahead and buy it during steam sale times for $15."
76561198033936761,Recommended,233250,34080972,Posted: 7 August,all,Daviano,"I'm Daviano, and this is my favorite game on Steam."
,Recommended,233250,11965522,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,crowbar,"edit: after many more hours this game gets a little bit dull, I still recommend it but if you arent a huge fan of multiplayer you can skip thisearly access review:I love Total Annihilation, but I disliked Supreme Commander 1 and 2. This game however is a VERY good spritual successor to Total Annihilation. The basic combat on a planet is almost exactly the same as Total Annihilation, but with multi-planet battles this goes into completely crazy dimensions. Also after the last performance patch, this game runs very very smooth on my PC (7950 HD, Phenom 2 X4, 8GB Ram).I RECOMMEND WAITING FOR THE RELEASE! The game is very playable, but if you wait for the release you will definitly have a better time, its not long anyway until then."
,Not Recommended,233250,12989333,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Buck Futter,"No instructions. No tutorials. How the heck do I play?Graphics aren't that great, either.  Just a waste of a ""game.""  Do not buy this game, at any price."
76561198143003394,Not Recommended,233250,12760458,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Pythons,"Like most TA and RTS fans I was pretty excited to get my hands on this.Unfortunately I hate it for three main reasons:1. The camera angles are nauseating, the curvature on even the most massive planets the game will allow (yes I made a custom maximum size map which took a 4ghz QC w/16gb ram and SSD 3 minutes to load) means that you are constantly fighting for proper orientation and trying to find something.2. Being zoomed in and looking at your awesome death machines is an unskillful way to play because you are generally commanding hundreds of units and also units in orbit, and so you spend 99% of the game zoomed out and all of your buildings and units are then just tiny little meaningless icons. If you don't believe me go and have a look at some skilled players on twitch, you just can't play this game to a high level unless you're at max zoom.3. There is no slow and steady economy buildup like there is in TA on big maps (and in the excellent campaign, which this game sorely lacks) and other quality RTS titles of the past 15 years, you spam out your factories and air fabricators and you enough resources in MINUTES to start the death train of rallied units.Avoid this game like the plague."
,Not Recommended,233250,13906130,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Celly Eppie,Not at all what I expected. Avoid it.
76561198074985617,Recommended,233250,12030944,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Butchershy,"$30? ... So why did I pay $60 last year to play a version that had so many problems with it up until now?I really loved the original Total Annilihation, but I hadn't seen anything beyond (or really up to) that standard in the beta version.I'll give it a try now that it's finished, but I'm not too pleased about that extra $30 I paid for a version that was unsatisfying."
,Not Recommended,233250,14181708,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Conqueror,"I have to say, for a game from the guys who made Supreme Commander, I was expecting a much more visually interesting, strategic, crash free experience."
,Recommended,233250,13949080,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Appeltaart,whenever i play this game it feels like im one of those replicator bots from stargate Kappa
,Recommended,233250,14156315,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Dick Marcinko,ITS FURN
76561198074293524,Not Recommended,233250,14201273,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,calhounrb,I would like a refund. The game is broken.  Everytime I try to play it freezes and crashes. And I am running it on its lowest setting. I have a great gameing computer and haven't had issues with other games at Max specs. So don't buy this game. It is a waste of money.
,Not Recommended,233250,14797262,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Demon_ds1,I am not playing this game because I refuse to create a third party account before I can play.
,Not Recommended,233250,14449446,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,mr mojo risin,Just bad
,Not Recommended,233250,17326336,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Snf,"gaint pile of crap during beta, slightly smaller pile of crap now.AVOID!!!"
,Not Recommended,233250,13246025,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Ramen,"This game could be so good, if it was not for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ UI and 100's of bugs.The developer seems uninterested in fixing said bugs before asking for money for other projects.The good: Planetary AnnihlationThe Bad: UI and loads of bugs affecting everything from performance to gameplay.The ugly: Crashes often.Verdict:  Don't buy as the developer might go under before game is finished."
76561197984283164,Not Recommended,233250,9414332,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Dispesys,"Bad community support, poor game, not worth your money, lagging and slow as hell.I recommend you to buy even Supreme Commander 2 before you buy this.Have fun WITH OTHER games.You don't even get refund(This review will be deleted when I got back my money from U(nder)ber (cheating for your money)Entertainment)"
,Not Recommended,233250,10688044,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Rusty Shackleford,"Don't buy it yet. By the time it's worth playing it will be on sale for $10 anyway.The game runs really slowly and the graphics are poor. I haven't delved too much into the different factions but it seems like it has less content than Supreme Commander.On the plus side, the 3-D planet system solves a lot of the major limitations of traditional RTS games. Where you'd normally be stopped by arbitrary boundaries surrounding your rectangular 2-D map, you instead you have any number of options how and where to make strategic movements. That's something I look forward to putting to use when the game is in a more playable state."
,Recommended,233250,10761514,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Golde,"Taking RTS to the next level, If you want to push your multitasking skills to its limits. Buy this game and manage 5 planets simultaneously."
76561198009410319,Not Recommended,233250,13185734,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Shinjica,Played a small amount of time so not the best to give a review.To much unit/buinding/thing to do and not a small campain to intruduce you. Toturial is only writed
,Not Recommended,233250,13519214,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Dingo,"Reviewed on [22/12/2014] bought on sale for $13 AUDUnfinshed, requires spawn correction. Uber needs to work on optimisation, feels like the 1st hit wins, with  no real skill involed. who ever has the best spawn has the most recourses avalible can just spam units, end game can happen to quick, with very little you can do to invade or push into an occupied planet or ""deathstar"" everything has a simple counter and it's simplier to just spam 1 unit rather than making compositions.if you had no experience, then it can be extremeley challenging to learn, with no obvious ""Help"" pop ups.Even on sale for the $13 I do not recommend this game, my opinion. all of this review is my opinion"
,Recommended,233250,13948216,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,DENKDAETZ,"> be me non-korean, minor mlg scrub, 420 years old> starts game> alone on planet> build good army> 30 minutes later> move to orbit> first enemy contact> 10 nukes approaching my base> rip in skilenton> gr8 i r8 420/8"
,Recommended,233250,7806953,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Streaming Phoenix,"It is still fairly early beta, but the game is coming along well.  The main gameplay elements are in and the ai is developing nicely.  Should give RTS the shake up it's needed for a very long time."
76561198032863023,Recommended,233250,7974283,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,N1kk0W31rd0,"you get to smash planets together, what more could you possbily ask for?"
,Recommended,233250,7998265,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,CRACKTASTIC420,"Really dope game! Definitely recommend this and make sure to get it, especially when the full game comes out."
,Recommended,233250,13909710,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,[TAS] Lt_PliskinAJ,"Awesome RTS, a few small things make this game very different then most. Combat is spherical and you have air, land, sea and orbital to deal with. Great game."
,Recommended,233250,13900504,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,T A Y W C,"I really like this game, reminds me a lot of C&C. I also like the art style"
76561198077361264,Recommended,233250,13864554,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Jeff Adkins,Had more fun choosing A.I names than playing the actual game11/10 would Jeff Adkins again
,Recommended,233250,13913459,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,AngryCAT,"Awesome RTS title, one of the best of the new generation. Much things to learn, diverse strategies to choose from (from troops to upgrades and defenses), many planets to fight on, macro oriented, so you will fight with so many troops at once. Good Graphics and very good performance (works very fluid even with too many things going around). Has a Ranked 1v1 Mode with no queue waits. Needs a lot of practice to master but its really fun to pick up.The game is a must buy for massive RTS lovers."
,Recommended,233250,7777281,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Random.Guy,"Cant recommend it enough, its like TA but with asteroids smashing planets."
,Recommended,233250,8009632,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,NeoChill,SO MUCH FUNN!!!!!!
76561198043487583,Recommended,233250,7798938,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Caboosh,"Awesome game, you can blow up other planets with asteroids. Why are you not throwing your money at the screen?"
76561198004033787,Recommended,233250,7785414,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Manwolf,SMASH PLANETS = UBER!
76561198008893492,Recommended,233250,7998176,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Inductedtub,magical
76561197979636047,Recommended,233250,8474225,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,RICKETY REKT SON!,"Graphics are pretty good, Computer Ai is a joke, its like on crack or something.  Plus any strategy you play it does opposite and builds like a million units and even my 2 gtx 780s bog down under the strain. (FIX).  Havent been able to build a base up enough to even try this planet distruction thing, but it looks cool.Hopefully it gets some needed updates soon. And its just like C&C, the computer builds twice as fast as you can. No fun when Ai is using all your computer power against u lol!Also after running some test, it is only using 1 core, if this is the case later on in release DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.  Unless your CPU is running at 5GHZ!.Who even designs a game on 1 core anymore??"
,Not Recommended,233250,13597919,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Zeroko,"Pretty Boring, base building and combat wise."
,Recommended,233250,13604707,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,⎝๖ØƉƉҞὧ₳ⱤÐ๖⎠,"Why does every game need a story? If you want a good story, read a book. This game is about smashing planets into your friend's planet or blowing it up with a DeathStar."
,Recommended,233250,15773062,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,IHarry_1702,"Good game and loads of strategic fun. Has potential to grow further and develop but overall is amazing. However, the sizes of space systems could become larger.10/10 would lead an army of robots again;);)"
,Not Recommended,233250,14475542,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,RocSo,Post purchase micro-transactions. this $30 does not buy the entire game and its contents
,Not Recommended,233250,15851071,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,MSM-07E Z'Gok-E Edea Custom,"Take Total Annihilation, put in all the flaws and none of the good aspects from Sup Com 2... You still have a better game then this."
76561198033475076,Recommended,233250,13944572,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,DevilsReaper,Awsome
76561198044440000,Recommended,233250,11104715,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,CuckBoyGG,123
,Not Recommended,233250,14994751,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,The Great Bourgeois,"I used to be a huge fan of RTS styled games, specifically Warcraft III and StarCraft II were the best.After not playing RTS games for a while and buying this, it was a mistake.Older computers beware, this♥♥♥♥♥♥will be buggy and not run well. My last computer got stuck in the loading screen. New one, runs fine.Gameplay wise, it was very unentertaining. Feels like a formulaic RTS game that someone made off that RTS creator game. The concept of commanders and ""annhilating"" planets is boring. The only creative scheme to the game is the 3D world to build on, and the fact it's an RTS game where you can build walls, thank youuu."
76561198033940937,Not Recommended,233250,15804535,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,rninl8,it is imitating Total Annihilation.too frantic.I'd buy Total Annihilation in a heartbeat.
,Not Recommended,233250,15802219,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Windstryker,"The game is playable, and that's about the best I can say for it.What really makes me unable to recommend this game is the way that the developers completely screwed anyone that supported their early access. I purchased the game on Early Access for 89.99 with the understanding that the price wasn't going to fall by much at release. Instead, the day it came out, it cost 39.99, plus 20 for whatever the extras were.You'll note that I haven't even played an hour yet. Why? Because it's not worth the $90 I paid for it."
,Not Recommended,233250,16586900,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Et3rn1um,"And now instead of waiting for this year's release of Supreme Commander of Lagfest we get it early! Planetary Annihilation brings all the brilliant joys of loading screens, graphic card damage and more crashes on menus."
,Not Recommended,233250,16606259,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,1 Way Sli,2/10 not good. Total Supreme Commander: Forged Allience ripoff.
,Recommended,233250,17905966,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,[ViViD] FROGΞR,Dont know why review are so negative the game as been properly fixed since all the crazy nonsence....compleatly playable with no crashing.
76561198105212501,Recommended,233250,13868727,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,TheUltimateMuslim,You get to bomb people with asteriods ... its a dream come true for muslim-kind
76561198026599863,Not Recommended,233250,16483240,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,OmegaWolf,"Waste of money. Gameplay is confusing, startup is more on luck and enemies somehow gets stuff faster then you."
,Not Recommended,233250,16482110,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Felonious Ham,As cool as it looks (blowing up planets with planets) this is not recommended. Wish I could go back and get refunded!
76561198069064976,Recommended,233250,13906758,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Chazwozzer,Real fun game and easy to get into.
76561198049377040,Not Recommended,233250,26626948,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Mantis Toboggon,"Scam, stay away."
,Not Recommended,233250,32019009,Posted: 28 May,all,Ísþýrnir,"In the most humble way of saying this;If you have Supreme Commander, stick with it. If you don't, try it out."
,Not Recommended,233250,23327770,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Eletricstapler,I bought the game for $30. A few weeks after got ripped off with the $30 expansion. Supreme commander is much more better dont buy this game or support the developers of this game in any future project.
,Not Recommended,233250,25272800,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Susan Boyle,"Don't get me wrong, I love the gameplay to PA - BUT the dev's just left this game for their standalone expansion ""Titans"". I recently bought titans, then refunded it because what a waste of money it is, anyway back to the main paint.It gets quite frustrating when my friend and I who have very respectible CPU's (i7, AMD Bulldozer) seem to reach around 15 fps when the game gets big, I'm talking 10 players and a lot of worlds. If the point of this game is interplanetary warfare then why can it not handle large scale battles - oh I'm sorry if my 10 player desires are too much for this game. The game often crashes when I'm doing simple things like adding AI's to my matches. This game is quite CPU heavy, graphics are easy to run - it's the CPU side of things that seems to be a mess.This game would be highly recommended but I can't even play a game without it crashing before the system has even been loaded. What a buggy mess this game is, I might understand if it crashed while the game was in progress, but crashing in the main menu, Skirmish Creator and System Manager is quite ridiculous.I do love playing this game but trust me you that It'll just fry your brains with unexpected crashes - unoptimised mess. I've played plenty of huge planetary war games - why is it that PA is the only one that seems to have a plethora of issues in the crash department.Don't buy - too buggy."
76561198172711781,Not Recommended,233250,31420415,Posted: 28 April,all,NotAUsername,Terrible tutorial. Terrible game. Got it on sale. Still the worst 10$ ever spent.
,Not Recommended,233250,23285099,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Portal Pony,Was good then Uber got involved.
,Not Recommended,233250,23299026,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,AstroLuke,"This game is laggy, and Titans."
,Not Recommended,233250,23316476,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Fractures,"I had an ok time exploring RTS's with this large scale and innovative game, but that was long before when the devs really cashed in and grabbed the money with the titans DLC. I supported this game while it was very young, I followed it for an extremely long time, but now I am only filled with regret.I have no more trust in half promising independent publishers anymore, in fact most of the time you can really tell what's wrong with what.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=502899211"
76561197983346586,Not Recommended,233250,32727865,Posted: 24 June,all,sauros1,"If you're looking for a supcom 3 here, you won't find it.  The game pacing is completely different."
,Not Recommended,233250,25240957,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ebonweaver,"No idea how long you have to play before you would get to the point of the stuff you see that makes you buy the game.  As is, it's very obtuse at the start, no clue what is going on, and then you figure out there is no real strategy at all map after map, you just set everything to build infinitely and swarm the enemy.  That's why there is no tutorial to speak of, it's just that simple, barely need a person involved at that point.  No patience to play long enough to see anything in the way of world shattering weaponry, and I sure don't want to stick it out to find having a death star is boring."
,Not Recommended,233250,27318221,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fordo,"Just gonna put it out there.The recommended specs aren't actually sufficient.I play for 20 minutes on a 2v2 and it's already consuming more than the recommended ammoutn of ram...all in all this game was good, but it's not a finished game, and yet this ""indie game"" is priced as a AAA title!!!"
,Recommended,233250,28787111,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,spray n pray,"devs are money hungry ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, channel moderators are nazis who will erase your negative commends about the game on channel, but still game is playable and fun. I recommend this game just because ♥♥♥♥ing around in space is fun. other than that, ♥♥♥♥ you devs."
,Not Recommended,233250,34406791,Posted: 21 August,all,pohotu3,Performs really poorly for it's visuals and typically crashes for me before I can get through a whole game. I don't think this is worth the asking price.
76561198037509812,Not Recommended,233250,23295803,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Pnut,"I'm with everyone else here. This is one of the most expensive ""games"" in my library. It was fresh off development when Uber came out with Titans, which they should have given early access players for free. Couldnt get my money back either. Recently I forced myself to get into it and had a tiny bit of fun for one very short battle, after that its just more of the same over and over; like side quests in a cheap open world RPG. Looking at the screenshots in the store all I could think was that you would never have to build a base that elaborate, you wont use most of the units or factories. For a $50 game they still have pay options in the menus. I will NEVER, EVER buy another product from Uber Entertainment. This should be removed from Steam altogether."
,Not Recommended,233250,33727638,Posted: 22 July,all,Jesuit Priest,"Scum developers, dont support em"
76561198123159424,Not Recommended,233250,25934103,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Lafloze,messy game with bad endings
76561197965546900,Not Recommended,233250,19559617,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,JEWS DID IT YOU KNOW WHAT,wew
76561198022180197,Recommended,233250,21088299,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Galactica,reminds me of my own ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198085045955,Not Recommended,233250,21891468,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Dan ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"This game fried my PC and it no longer works. ♥♥♥♥ this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not to mention, it's an awful game"
,Not Recommended,233250,23050561,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,SORAXIUM,This game is like if starcraft and civ had a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ baby.
76561198063121518,Recommended,233250,33717675,Posted: 22 July,all,Salty Turret,I was a little sad to see there's only one playable faction and the system requirments are pretty rediculous. it promised to be much more and I'm still pretty salty about the stuff with the titan upgrade but it serves well as a successor to the old Total Annihilation game and if you're a fan of that or any quality RTS feel free to give this or the titans version a go
,Not Recommended,233250,23295113,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Anticitizen_one,"I bought this game when it was still $50, and I played it several times since then. I really liked the then promise of a total annihilation like game where you actually DID interact at the planetary level. Also, TA wasn't released on steam at the time and my only copy of it was for mac, so I was yearning to play TA on my pc. I was impressed at the interplanetary travel in game, but the game wasn't really that good. It didn't really feel like a Total Annihilation game, as there weren't multiple factions with differing units and structures, all units just looked the same and were, in fact, the same.Also, might I mention that when you play this game, you needed to be ONLINE, even if you are just playing a single player skirmish. (I am unsure if it still works this way) So, along with these gripes and some others, I decided to wait for a while for updates, to see if the devs could address these problems. I came back to play the game about a year ago, and was dumbfounded by what I saw.NOTHING HAD CHANGED!I looked at the news articles, and what I found made me wish I had spent my 50 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars somewhere else. I read that, ♥♥♥♥ing AGES ago, the scummy developers of this game, called Uber, decided to instead release all further updates AS ANOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING $50 GAME!!! What the hell were they thinking?!?! Right then and there, I dropped all optimism/support for Uber. If I could, I would trade this game into Game Stop, because they would give me more than what this game is worth.Tl;Dr, This game is TRASH -1000/10P.s. Never trust EA wannabe Uber again. (also I'm glad I wasn't aboard the funding for this game)P.s.s. I like the concept of this game, but the devs made it♥♥♥♥♥♥ (maybe someone else should remake this game, but make it better, and not be money grubbing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥)"
,Not Recommended,233250,16538838,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Orfax,Massive graphical glitches on linux.
,Not Recommended,233250,19401568,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Heathy,waste of money :(
76561198006654635,Recommended,233250,23045122,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Trusti,"RealyNiceGame!It makes a lot fun to destroy enemie Planets :D just trow aAsteroidor use the OPDeathStarLaser *-*Hard because the enemie can come from every site (Plantes are not flat).Having a Lot of Fun in MP with Friends!U can buy Skins, but if u dont need a Skin just purchase the Game anddont buy any DLC´s;)"
,Recommended,233250,31387769,Posted: 26 April,all,ItsYaBoiHere,"If you don't want to pay the $30 price tag, wait until a sale, either way it's a fantastic buy.This game was QUITE demanding PC specs wise when it first came out, but now that graphics cards, ram, etc. have went far beyond the demanding minimums to run this game, it's high time anyone who's a fan of R.T.S. games buys it.And, if you want more to quench your thirst after trying this puppy out, get the standalone, Titans, and then get the mod Legion for MORE of everything that'll make the best of players unstoppable."
76561198127196209,Not Recommended,233250,16265841,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,nickkiddd,wayyyy to glitchy. maps with more then one planet cause game to crash. units die to quick
76561198054805078,Not Recommended,233250,16527231,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Skark18,"It lags like ♥♥♥♥, not well optimized."
,Not Recommended,233250,16548898,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,✠ Mr.Reaper ✠,"Many of you say that the game (due to its extremely high ram requirements) lags,superlags,crashes,freezes and much much more...I have 4gb ram and i thought i could give it a try but it doesnt even start the game to me....asked a refund and im ready to give my very fisrt thumbs down :p yeah dont buy it except u have enough time to ask a refund in the first 3 minutes of play or 50 TB+ ram :)(for people with normal PCs ) -->     -3/10"
76561198101188779,Recommended,233250,20594744,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,favinha,"My kid loves this game. A lot of people are giving negative scores just for the fact the game received a paid expansion. Come on guys, the developers need to eat and pay bills too. And the expansion costs less than $15."
76561198152211351,Recommended,233250,21958543,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Dukenukem1122,awesome
76561198260355045,Recommended,233250,21988724,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,king of war,its like t.a. (total anniolation)
,Not Recommended,233250,10731681,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dalorath,Very lame and cartoony. It seems very bare bones and the concept is nothing new...   What a waste of money...
,Not Recommended,233250,13186915,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Kaiser Kane,Just feels bland.. buy Sup Com: Forged Alliance instead with Sorian AI mod for a more enjoyable experience.
76561197993810755,Not Recommended,233250,12704204,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,AustinTheRed,I somehow have 5 hours in this game when I spent around 3-4 minutes in the launcher just to have the game glitch and close out on me. After the 6th or 7th time I gave up on it. Hope others have had better luck on it.
76561197965936691,Not Recommended,233250,12752555,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Butt Sexxington,I regret pre-ordering this game and would very much like a refund.  Never pay to beta test.
76561198114802837,Not Recommended,233250,12800843,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,TheIceCrystal,Nice Graphics But In game isn't balance(Super Weapon can't be defend if they launch supper weapon and effect destroy half planet or all of planet(Only nuclear can defend)).Story Mode look like single player.This game can't play in offline mode.
,Not Recommended,233250,13001769,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Yeeshmere,"I hate this game. More specifically, I hate it's developers. This game isn't bad, it's just unfinished, it had great ambitions, but due to Uber's behavior I feel as though I can no longer trust this company. This game is broken, poorly optimised, and was built on a pillar of kickstarter lies. After coming out of Beta riddled with bugs and having the content equivelent of a bare chicken bone, Uber tried to get their next game ""Human Resources"" kickstarted, it had big promises, and was generating lots of hype, but kickstarter's stared to see a pattern. Human Recources failed miserably, Uber then realized they couldn't ditch Planetary Anhiliation like they did Super Monday Night Combat, and started scrambling to keep money flowing, Leading us to Planetary Annihilation: Titians. Titians feels like another slap to the face to anyone that supported this game in beta or eariler, the first being the game's price drop from $120 to $60 to $30 going from Alpha to Beta to full release. The second being the fact that PA: Titian's holds content hostage that was promised to be in the base game, which is a huge middle finger to all the early supporters and feels like a big cash grab. In the end I am not going to support this behavior by never buying an Uber game again, or atleast until they shape up and stop this behavior. I know I sound salty and entitled in this review, but I am salty about being screwed and lied to, and I believe we are all entitled to quality products. If you take anything away from this, I want it to be: always be skeptical of the hype, do your research on the company who's game your buying, and vote with your wallet."
,Not Recommended,233250,12694202,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Der Purpel Helmut,"Beautiful concept regarding realtime cross-planetoid control, very well implemented and suprisingly easy to grasp considering the complexity involved. Finally also we have proper ""planetary annihilation""; being able to smash up and destroy planets.On the downside however, amist all of its planetary splendor, the designers plain forgot to make a reasonable strategy game. There's no factions to choose from: everyone gets the same boring race. There's no units to speak of; two tech levels, one art, one tank, one bomber, one fighter. It really is the most mimimalist you could make a strategy game, and I don't mean that positively. Sure a few extras like static art, missiles; however certainly nothing to compare to the epic exs that we saw in Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance.A somewhat subjective point, but the unit/building artwork appears to be a bit factory churned-out: no detail or character in the models - just a bunch of chunky squares. (NB. Maybe the artist wanted this theme, but compare to say an Supreme Commander Soul Ripper with its lovely steam vents and fat blimp body and spidery legs - you feel almost sad when you lose one).Overall PA will maybe give you and a few chums a few enoyable (3-4) hours of silly, non-serious RTS playing. Beyond that it's just plain boring. If this were say 15 EUR tops I'd maybe say give it a go. Don't buy it full price though; it's just not worth the money."
76561197968793538,Not Recommended,233250,12730522,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Scab,Too many glitches.
76561198007081671,Not Recommended,233250,12730554,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Wee Beastie Snarl,I am a huge Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander fan but this game is a disappointment.  It's glitchy and feels very much half-baked.
,Not Recommended,233250,12668644,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Iskukip,"Could have been so much more, Planetary Annihilation is a very, very plain RTS and this said short review below.Graphics - 8: Cartoony / Simple art style is quite nice and the Effects, I.E debris and explosions are very good.UI - 4: Standard Strategy UI, but cant be customized and blocks out main UI features when playing in standard resolutions.Performance - 5: Not great, It stutters badly when using more than 4 ai, the big battles thatt were advertised will never happen.Gameplay - 6: Think supreme commander one but remove 60% of the units, the planets are flat and boring, all of the biomes are really crappy and pathfinding is pretty poor too (units getting stuck inside rocks and canyons for the entirety of the game) Enemy AI however has seen major improvements and with future patches aimed at AI its set to improve further.Difficulty - N/A: Depends on your skill level, as i said above the AI can be set to multiple difficulties.Content - 6: Preset Solar systems and planets (Crappy, just in case you forgot) The game does include a system editor that allows you to make your own solar systems. (Would have been a 3 without this) See below for unit / building explanation.Units / Buildings - 6: There are 4 tier one and 4 tier two factory types, Naval, Air, land and Bot. These factories can produce 5 units each on average including the workers. That equals 40 units (50% of which are pointless after 5 minutes of gameplay) Other than Unit production you can build the usual, Metal and Energy storage ""Silos"", Defensive, Artillery, Nuke and Detection buidlings. All in all its a carbon copy of its predecessor Total Annihillation.Developers - Half Arsed and tried to kickstart a new game when this game blatantly isnt finished.Final Score - 6: could have been more, needs work and total UI overhaulOther geezer = Above average - Balious"
76561198003627268,Not Recommended,233250,12736936,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Omae,"Bought it, hate it, never play it.  Interface is clunky and the game wasn't remotely finished when I purchased it (damn you early access, go away).  If you are the person that has to have every annihilation game, then get it I suppose.  If you don't and like good games that are fun, stay away from this.  It's garbage."
76561197960963820,Not Recommended,233250,12941977,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,frepper,"fell short of its promises.Feels flat and bland, wish it was more like TA Spring ."
76561198053322183,Not Recommended,233250,12711483,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Nautules,"I have waited for a long time for them to clean up their mess, but ever since I supported the kickstarter way back and paid a good sum of money, I have NOT been able to play this game. Under vista 32 bit is 'normal' that the mouse cursor does not show. I can play in windowed mode... but I hate that. The game itself okay, but I never got into it, since it loves to crash.Epic... sure... ... epic failure."
,Not Recommended,233250,12925919,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Electroduck,"Not very good. This game is simple, with few units and buildings. It is of the quality which I would expect from a mobile game, but certainly not PC-quality."
76561198056519967,Not Recommended,233250,17450325,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,rgn125,I was really excited about this game but after playing a few matches against AI it was obvious that there was some sort of stupidly overpowered advantage that allowed them to build air units. I have lost every single match i've played and overall did not enjoy this game one bit. I tried different strategies like bunkering down or playing aggressively. It all end with my enemy somehow producing more and better units than me and me just getting zerg rushed at the end by a swarm of tanky af planes. 1/10 would not play again
76561198107608898,Not Recommended,233250,15834691,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Harambe,this game is so good yet so bad. The graphics are really good but i have a 700 dollors computer that still can't keep up with this game. it stagers and not responds and some times crashes. i like this game alot but whats the use if you can't play it?
,Not Recommended,233250,13233452,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Andromeda,"I love Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander and thought this would be awesome. This game however has a lot of failed potential.How it determined it was worth over 3000￥ is beyond me. There are much better quality things for less than that. But fortunately for me I only payed 500￥.I would love this game so much if it was Beta. It seems like it is in that stage. Many features seem to be awaiting to be given a purpose or to be finished off.The war scenario you will grab random techs as many as possible until you have no real borders left in hope you get something worth fighting with. 9/10 you will be left with enough tech to make an amazing defense which gives you chance to build up your slow as a tortoise offensive strategy and land yourself in a stalemate. The other 1/10 you probably didnt find the techs to even get past the first battle.It almost seems like every battle is the end game. There is no beginning the first battle will be as difficult as the next, but the difficulty is more based around luck than skill. I would have preferred a linear bit by bit technology adding campaign with a story (like C&C or many other RTS games) to this unthought mumbo jumbo.Also on that note what is the point of this war never figured that out... Robo-commander awakens and wants the galaxy before everyone else for no adequately explored reason.Its not all bad though skirmish where you are more free to do stuff and that is really fun.I would love to comment on multiplayer but that was just broke just went non-responsive on both me and my friend's system. Seems to also use another account based system which will innevitably die off.  Don't know if this game is Steam compulsory but if it is for Jebus sake use Steamworks it makes things a million times easier."
76561198007199608,Not Recommended,233250,13234118,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,budamon,Awesome idea.  Has so much potential.  But feels unfinished with little variety.
76561198075038254,Not Recommended,233250,13262654,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,whocares2232,dont play one of the worst game ever!
,Not Recommended,233250,13271183,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Eadgar,"It looks nice, but that's pretty much the only thing positive about it. Your expectation will not be met. The RTS part is shallow and it always comes down to who can spam the most units. I didn't like the feel of the game, there is almost no tech tree and although there are different unit types, they all look and feel the same. I regret I bought it."
76561197962476832,Not Recommended,233250,13111292,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,nuffi,still  an alpha
,Not Recommended,233250,13172544,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,!ceDragon,sadly did not live up to its promises from the kickstarter / early access phase ... then rushed out to grab the last cash. Another EA failure !
76561197979645588,Not Recommended,233250,12332464,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Dusty,"Screw UberNot only did they have kickstarter, but they Had Ludricously overpriced early access and beta buy ins. The games finally released and It doesn't have basic resolution settings, Tutorial doesn't work, Has a control scheme that feels like nuclear physics work, poor optimization, a complete SHAM for single player games. Yeah, it's just a multiplayer loby set to private. Absolutly requires online connection for anything, and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ non-friendly UI.I thought Supcom2 was the worst attempt at an annihilation series game. Well uber, you guys top it by several orders of magnitude."
,Not Recommended,233250,13210622,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Peepers,Kinda boring. Models and graphics arent that exciting.
76561197974552172,Not Recommended,233250,16512853,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Hmmmgood,I see after a big update its still a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198054519435,Not Recommended,233250,13211148,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,drdouglasdark,It DOES NOT work! I Just have a cursor on a blank screen!  I Left it 10 minutes to see if it would do something but it didn't!
,Recommended,233250,12632809,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Bertje het Beest,"Every1 who sais this game is horrible, you can go somewhere else!This game is just amazing, i cant believe how much workthe devs have put into this game !Around 3-4 Months ago, when i bought the game, everything was different,now i restarted it and so much had changed.It requires alot of ppl and skill to make this kind of game.Good Job Uber !"
,Recommended,233250,16424075,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Dxcorreia,"Do you remember when you were younger and you would get your Age of Empires out of its cd case and would spend hours playing it? Do you remember how it felt like? Building your empire, facing your enemy, using strenght to defeat your enemy and using strategy when all else failed. Years pass, Empire Earth appears, you play it, you like it its awesome, more ages more stuff to build, etc. Once again years pass. You're playing starcraft II now, experiencing an epic story with a fabulous gameplay. Well....I can't say Planetary Annihilation is like any of those. It's different. There are no ages (yet), you play in a single age, the future, and you don't use people, you use robots, and you don't fight on countries nor on continents but on PLANETS. Yup. Multiple planets for you to conquer, colapse, destroy or totally annihilate. Your choice."
76561198068783124,Recommended,233250,14876644,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,chmilk,Fun game. Good for stragests and people who like to think when they play.
76561198079537261,Recommended,233250,13949190,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,pumkincat,One thing that makes you NEED TO BUY THIS GAME it has a death star there that can be a reason in and of itself to buy this its amazing.
76561198086493595,Recommended,233250,16245407,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,An Absol,.
,Recommended,233250,16813565,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,JDlee10,it is a very fun game i culd play for houers i will say i am byist beacuss i love rts tbs games
76561198006608907,Recommended,233250,16879298,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Christopher,LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE IT! Please make an expansion soon with more units to play with!!!! 11/10 would bang!
,Recommended,233250,12000335,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Adan Lundev,Wow out of almost all of the games that went on early accsess and was a kick starter this one was one of the fastest to officialy come out and on top of that a verry awsome game especialy compared to games that take just as long or twice as long I fully recomend this to anyone who likes stradegy games and are competitive
,Recommended,233250,12111205,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,I need a new Name ....,Epic Game
76561198004314183,Recommended,233250,13196528,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Livelong07,"I think this is one of the best strategy games on the market. The developers continue to make it better, lots of replay value."
,Recommended,233250,12002340,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Nasa,"nukes take too long, if i was a commander i would have one up my♥♥♥♥♥at all times (just incase)"
,Recommended,233250,11994564,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Neurosys420,Much better now that its launched. Not as easy as it might look. Great RTS in concept and design.
76561198022263223,Not Recommended,233250,10236338,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,jeandeaux,"An unorginal idea and re-hash of the old Command & Conquer, only with the AI turned up on high to kick your butt.  Uninstalled the day I bought it."
76561197976411719,Not Recommended,233250,11043916,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Instanced,"If you wanna grind your teeth at night, play this ♥♥♥♥ing game. ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,233250,12100380,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,StreetPidge,Could blow up an entire solar system 10/10
76561198121334480,Recommended,233250,13599151,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Rainy Day Gamer,It Crashes on loadup and i have the recomended computer can someone help me??.But its probably a good game and im no hatter
,Recommended,233250,13614032,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,King of Prussia,Blowing up planets is fun.
76561198049984003,Recommended,233250,13600726,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,🅱aku 🅱aku,"I attempted to play this game in multiplayer twice. Both times planetary annihlated my computer, and steam has registered me as playing planetary annhilation nonstop since then. I have been logging hours in it nonstop at current time of writing. If this review states me as having forty gorrillion hours logged, please send help.7.8/10 too many robots"
,Recommended,233250,13629207,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,SenseiPete,ya um yai see death star and I buy game instantly.10/10would recommend
76561198165495108,Recommended,233250,13854184,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,KENNY,"A really awesome game, epic battles, sci-fy. Right up my street, it needs more units and more things to build but I know its quite new and that will come in updates."
76561197980968301,Recommended,233250,13606632,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Magic Johnson,I used a planet to destroy another planet.Tenouttatenbestgameever.
76561198064522960,Recommended,233250,17733838,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Lord Thoren,One of my favorite startegy games of all time.
,Recommended,233250,12652688,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,green124,Biggest War!!!!
76561198062100560,Recommended,233250,13752786,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Unlockingice,10/10 for pirated game simulator. still 10/10 when game runs correctley
76561198062014242,Recommended,233250,12000623,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Sgt. Indoball,"Was about to attack enemy base with thousand of tanks, he found out and then he decided to drop an asteroid on the planet. 5/5"
,Recommended,233250,16916842,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,TheGamingWolffe,I think this is a very great game it is very addicting
,Not Recommended,233250,10232181,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,boy with a -40,Devs abandoned it halfway in alpha do not buy and had not gotten 2/3 of its kick starter goals AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
76561198000181754,Not Recommended,233250,16508252,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Hooft,"It looks fun and is a really decent Idea, I played one game and it was just too clunky for me. I'm used to games like Starcraft and Red Alert 2 this didn't match the speed of starcraft or the defensive play of red alert."
76561198170336038,Recommended,233250,13641717,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ahwassa℘,The Game abour blowing stuff up :p
76561198090037101,Recommended,233250,13193549,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,uttermostcow,best game i have ever played
76561197975490778,Recommended,233250,13609040,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,JiveTurkey=VX9=,"How the mighty have fallen.From a Green Light price of over $50 to $6 in 3 short months.  This project spent years in development, I was an early adopter because Total Annihilation was so good.The cartoonish graphics are a nice style choice and it grows on you after a while.  It also has a technical funtion, you will eventually be managing hundreds of units.  As will your opponets.  To keep frame rates managable the texture detail was all but removed.The problem I have with this game is the game play is essentially the same as old school RTS.  Amass tanks and air cover, while scouting your enemy faster than your enemy does the same.  Rush his base before he is able to launch to a moon while you try and do the same thing.  If you are faster (not better) you will either defeat him on the ground or will get to the moon first and smash it into his base for full effect.If that sounds exciting to you, do not get this game, because it will ruin you perception of reality.  It's not exciting at all.  It's tedious, mundane and repetative.But well worth $6 if you are curious and if Santa brought you a STEAM gift card this year.Merry Christmas"
,Recommended,233250,17619288,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Lord Mun,amazing once you get the hang it and some other things
,Recommended,233250,17609711,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,FooDoDaddy,"Listen Guys, I just bought Titans for $13.74, if you have the orginal game, you get a good price, I think that's how it works anyway.I love these types of games, and I am stoked they keep developing them.I hope Ashes of The Singularity come to Steam soon."
,Recommended,233250,17611123,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Putin My Vlad,Great game to play just needs more updates and units
,Not Recommended,233250,33648529,Posted: 19 July,all,James,not enough players
,Not Recommended,233250,24973440,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Knightfall13,great game but poorly optimized. you need a really high end pc to run it smoothly. unless you have a really powerfull pc. then you can run it.
76561198032320909,Not Recommended,233250,32279920,Posted: 8 June,all,kotawolf,Not worth it.
,Recommended,233250,25004302,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Praetorian Gunrunner,"Do you love frequent crashes? Do you love freezing while in the lobby, loading into your own game, loading in singleplayer, trying to tab out and close the game to fix low frame-rate, or changing your colours? Do you love twenty minutes of waiting to start a game? Do you love being incapable of exiting the game during these freezes, unable to tab out or use task manager so you have to cut the power for your computer?Then this game is for you.System annihilation (your computer system!)"
,Not Recommended,233250,27129618,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Meg Pothato,10/10 would NOT recommend.
76561198008228979,Not Recommended,233250,29283584,Posted: 15 January,all,Dreadnaught,"Not a terrible game, just not the one I backed.  I saw a lot of potential and payed the $99 way back when it was in alpha.  This is one of those games that makes me parinoid when it comes to early access."
76561197961051484,Not Recommended,233250,29320463,Posted: 17 January,all,KiLjo,"This pretentious indie game stopped working, cant even start the game anymore."
76561198047262466,Not Recommended,233250,29420681,Posted: 22 January,all,IUnknown* ppv=static_cast<IX>,Не корректно работает с картами симества ати на линуксе. Все в шуме и играть не возможно.
,Not Recommended,233250,15828507,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,MrMusAddict,"As a more casual RTS player, I cannot get into this game. I never got into Starcraft because the competitive curve was too high. For this game, I can't even get into the single player portion because the easiest difficulty setting is ""normal"", yet no matter how many times I try to play the game, I get swarmed with enemies.One game, I decided to let the enemy do their thing on one planet while I launch onto a nearby planet. Got my resources built up, built a nice army, yet a small battalion of the enemy fabricators slipped past my defenses, built a teleporter, and flooded the ENTIRE PLANET with enemies. I thought I was doing pretty good, but there's too much to manage while the AI does everything perfectly. All I want to do is crash a damned moon into the enemy planet. I can't even get close after 6 tries...I bought this on sale for $6. Nice looking game, great music, great mechanics, great ways to advance your allies, impossible AI on the easiest setting... Makes it unplayable, and I feel like I have wasted $6. Played for three hours, and they were three hours of frustration. Waste of time."
,Not Recommended,233250,16513248,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,[Rüm] Reign,"Terribly optimized, unless you have a godlike computer it will run at such low frames it becomes unplayable."
76561198001561797,Not Recommended,233250,16162911,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,XcepticZP,Don't go near this with a 10 meter pole.
76561197963675159,Not Recommended,233250,16197670,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Sprite101,Didn't work on my old computer. Doesn't work on my brand new computer.  I'm way to frustrated with this game to try to make it work.
,Not Recommended,233250,16478053,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Hosing,"Super slow, runs terribly, and has next level delays when you select units. Almost all of this game is broken or put out before it was finished."
76561198040812099,Not Recommended,233250,35090548,Posted: 20 September,all,Missile Crisis,"bought game at 60  thinking it would be a great game, not optimized,♥♥♥♥♥♥dlc,♥♥♥♥♥♥game"
,Not Recommended,233250,15835989,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Pomp,Can't actually tell you about the gameplay because the game broke in some hilarious new way every time we tried to play.
,Not Recommended,233250,15838547,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Hidden Phoenix,another look pretty no substance game
76561197976692971,Not Recommended,233250,16477736,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mad Cat4uk,"Thought this would have been a good game then noticed that it is full of microtransactions, WTF! lags to hell on my system and my pc can handle way more than this normally also the game crashed after 10 mins then when i restarted it, crashed again within 5 mins. tried to sort it before i gave up and kept playing sup com.Going to ask for my money back on this."
,Not Recommended,233250,19218289,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Tenpl Just chill,THIS GAME IS AWESOME but crash :(
,Not Recommended,233250,10207883,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Demon,"Not right now, there is very little strat and just basic build a lot of fliers early to win.  I really love what relic did to the RTS genre its a shame they are the only ones that use a more strategic game.  I knew that getting into this game but there just isnt enough meat and potatoes to warrent such a high price.  This game is very expensive as far as early access games goes and it does not warrent it.  I understand that is probably because of the kickstarter but that is not the players fault and we're punished for it.  I personally believe if this game was life with doudle the current features it still would not warrent a 60 dollar price tag.Edit: oh yeah I almost forgot the game requires an internet connection to play solo.  Others have mentioned it and it bares repeating who cares what anyone promisses they have months of work on these servers they are not going to change them no matter how bad of an idea it was to require online for solo play. I really hate that, a lot."
76561198106666624,Not Recommended,233250,24486497,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Djcustoms,I like the game but not the devs
,Not Recommended,233250,13895695,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Goodnight,needs more updates :D
,Recommended,233250,7764154,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,AzureAurora,A little bit overpriced for a beta in my opinion but it is a great game. Extremely fun with friends and is competitive. I really look forward to a singleplayer save game feature as I find it a little annoying how you have to start a new game each time you play.
,Not Recommended,233250,12671303,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Son of Underscore,"It feels like a flash game, the menu's are slow, the game has bad FPS with mid grade systems and even though the actual gameplay is fun, the devs are already pushing their new game which makes this feel like abandonware."
,Not Recommended,233250,26334063,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Mister_ee,"This game was fun for a tiny while but it was too expensive, I hoped it would get better but things just got worse from there. Hardly anyone was online to play against, within the game you could buy different commanders with real money, which was fine until they released their brand new addon called titans, which was set up as an entirely different game to abandon this one. after that came out this game got one update and nothing more. The devs are greedy searching for quick bucks."
76561197987955214,Not Recommended,233250,30182090,Posted: 25 February,all,Mr.Ando,Scam is what it is.
,Recommended,233250,13955175,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,AmazingEwok,such gamevery planetsmuch spacewow
76561198035652494,Recommended,233250,8273594,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,NsayN,"EPIC!  This game is massive containing alot of random world generation and a wide variety of units.  Not only are the units and world gen great but the buildings are just as good.  Also, the music is fantastic and fits nicely with what you would expect.  Overall, it is an outstanding game and is one no one should over look!"
76561197970339840,Not Recommended,233250,15802478,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,illequine,"bought it for 5euro - played it for 20 minutes, didnt like it :/ glad i didnt pay 90euro for it like some eejits"
76561198000301992,Not Recommended,233250,13908203,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Sodaman,"Paid $30 for this game 2 days ago, nek minit goes on sale for $6...."
,Not Recommended,233250,14283503,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,fips`-,Half a year has passed since I bought this game and still i simply cannot recommend it. The amount of RAM is always above 2.5 GB in use and still the program wont work properly.For anyone who wants to enjoy a RTS game that is similar I recommand Supreme Commander 1.
76561198048399853,Not Recommended,233250,14292089,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Renegade,Last played on the 15th of jan 2015. i think the game is a great idea to start off. in fact i loved total annihilation so much that i bought my first pc. it had is flaws and this game has similer ones. the controls are terrible and commands suck. you cant even save a game yet. i only bought the game becouse i thought it was a finished product. it should still be considered early access. great concept but they need to fix to much for me to recomend this game
76561198065605385,Not Recommended,233250,23294840,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,SidneyLee,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\...Its♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,233250,14333818,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,luk3us,"Whilst there are some cool elements, (blowing up planets) the game feels very bland."
,Not Recommended,233250,14232410,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Alpha One,It isn't done.
,Recommended,233250,34071826,Posted: 6 August,all,Fuzzy,"It's not a bad game, I wouldn't say $50-60 worthy, but it's good nontheless.Ignore other people saying it's garbage.. I've played many different ways, bot swarming is too easy to counter.Shortest review i've written, but eh, It's a decent RTS.(I was however.. super fricken hyped for this game before release. Just didn't live up to it, as most cases go with hyping things up.. lol)Annihalaser ftw.7/10"
,Recommended,233250,10203155,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,The Gaming Bur©,if youre planning on buying.. wait for a sale. dont get ripped off :\
76561197967759452,Not Recommended,233250,13917691,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,GOOD WILL RIKERING,Not worth $6Most disappointing game of 2014
76561198069100928,Not Recommended,233250,8781981,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,土豪520,suck
,Recommended,233250,8080673,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Vice♥,"Highly recommend this game for tactic and stragey players. It is very awesome and a good game :D. You get the feeling of beeing an commander and build an army to destroy or ANNIHILATE!, your enemys. I love this game 10 / 10. It is an epic and continious game. Play together or alone, maybe play against bots ( AI ) if you are new to the game, and do wathc the tutorial. This is almost like 3 WW :D, very funny to play with friends. So, if you want a real strategy game, this is the one you should be looking for to buy."
,Not Recommended,233250,14267618,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,DarthManatee,The game is too buggy.
,Not Recommended,233250,14349277,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Cadhunter,"this game has a cool concepts like using a death star like moon to blow up a plant. This  games is still missing a lot of thing like different factions, Super Units , teir 3 tech adn the lack of screen resolution settings. The camera is hard to control, I and i got this game on sale for $16 and it was not woth it. I world rather play StarCraft 2, c&c generals and outher grate RTS games. You get so meny better games for $30"
76561197977835555,Not Recommended,233250,14392169,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,McLovin,"Bought this when it was in pre-release as it looked amazing. Gave it a shot and found it really really hard. Clunky interface, way too fast pace of upgrades, and you seem to have to just create as many units as possible (hundreds) and then take your boss character along with everything you'v got and then hope to be able to overpower the enemy, along with sending in as many reinforcements as possible. Found this game frustrating and unrewarding. Uninstalled today. Don't waste your time like I did."
76561197970666933,Not Recommended,233250,10177990,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,[REDi]1R PTE Majorkiller,"dont buy this, i played all the total annihilation's and this is not even close to a game like that, you cant even play it unless you are full on, this is just a waste of your money.i wish i could some how to get my money back and have it removed from my steam list"
76561197986868141,Not Recommended,233250,31208551,Posted: 17 April,all,sebmania,I want refund ;/Alfa version of titan game
76561198079387346,Not Recommended,233250,29467242,Posted: 24 January,all,Darth Plagueis The Wise,unplayable
76561198097036070,Not Recommended,233250,30374606,Posted: 7 March,all,UnderMiner,"This game is a rip off, way too overpriced for a game that gets boring after you play it for a few hours. very little effort put in to graphics, gameplay, and maps. just an all around boring game"
,Not Recommended,233250,31195248,Posted: 17 April,all,[GB]GBS_Hpt_Laegel,"Whats that? You didn't buy planetary annihilation: titans for the low low price of $40 bloody USD??I guess you just won't be able to find a match....Thanks for the $40 you paid for this game, though!!"
,Not Recommended,233250,25374536,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,DaGerminator,"This game is fun for a little while. But gets boring eventually. It's a strategy game with no real direction. You can place stuff basically anywhere, it seems. And you gotta keep your character safe. All in all, okay game. But probably not worth the price. I was especially looking forward to crashing planets into each other.....but that never really happens. Unless you're on a specific type of ""map"" (Well...solar system, I guess) and with moons. But even then, it takes forever to get the propulsion needed to do it. And it's not even that spectacular when it does happen, really. Still, could be a potentially fun game with friends."
76561198223249744,Not Recommended,233250,23383604,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,jeremiah.e.ray,It has potential. But I don't see much hope for this game if they can't improve the performance.#LAG
,Not Recommended,233250,23387149,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Ilgoth,"Whatever you might think of this game, about its gameplay and design, do not buy.These developers lied so much. They didnt deliver half of things they promised, and then DLC is standalone...> Expensive> Always Online> Still bug ridden> RAM leaking pile of dunnDon't. Just don't."
76561198079620138,Not Recommended,233250,23414064,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Serpentar,Abandoned
76561197992416631,Not Recommended,233250,7906736,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,LivingFood,"What can I say about this game..?  Well,  as far as gameplay goes, there is absolutely nothing new here besides being able to send units to another planet.  It's Supreme Commander.  Only, the worst part is, it's not even done as well.  There are so many features missing, that I would have thought it's a pre-alpha instead of a BETA.  One faction.  Difficult controls.  Less units than SupCom.   Radar doesn't even give you a map.  Terrible AI.  Cartoonish textures.  Boring build animations (green goo?)  Waypoints are not intuitive.  No clear cost of Power requirements for buildings (radars, etc)This Beta is a lot more than a few bugs.  This game isn't even close to feature complete.I really wish they took their idea and made something unique, instead of a bad version of Supreme Commander: Planets."
76561198051633181,Recommended,233250,11992096,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,EPICpanda65,11/10 Would Buy Again!
76561198049966358,Not Recommended,233250,10157103,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,VIIconnell,"this a very enjoyable game but after a few hours of playing when im in the middle of a match it frezzes constantly, this is the only bad thing i have to say about it."
,Not Recommended,233250,28970635,Posted: 3 January,all,HarryBoy™,"I purchased this as a Single Player alternative to Supreme Commander. However, this games completely lacks any kind of Single Player campaign. It may be a decent Multiplayer game. As a Single Player game it is useless, especially compared to the pretty similar Supreme Commander."
,Not Recommended,233250,15938897,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,EVEREADY SALSA,Does not run on my computer
,Recommended,233250,12224631,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,=DRK= Lord Ponto,Its a great game and you should buy it
76561198071256072,Not Recommended,233250,13954422,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,balaraja.dc,"This is the Worst RTS game that I ever bought the game cant even play offline and its not ready to market , is a cheat . all should ask for refund. worst RTS games even less 90% is not worth it"
,Not Recommended,233250,14025311,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Qwarthos,Buy this game and get an including game crash simulator. Unfortunately the game crash sim is the only thing I've been able to experience.
76561198131708636,Not Recommended,233250,11590587,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Señor Roboto,"Boring, no originallity in RTS, simple and poor design, yes it is alpha, but doubt they will make important changes to the final game. The only thing different from other strategy games is throwing planets to each other, a good feature, but not enough to make this game competitive in RTS world.Singleplayer are only a series of encounters with other oponents in diferrent systems, your armament is very poor and from every win you can unlock an upgrade to the arsenal (holding only 3 at the time which is pretty lame). Meanwhile multiplayer for 10 players, now, it only supports FFA and Team battles. After creating your own systems/planets, you have already seen everything this game has to ofter, and for 50 dollars, it becomes an scam, even at the 25 dollars I spent on it, is enough for me to consider it a waste."
,Not Recommended,233250,14606796,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Quaxo,"This game looked like it was going to be awesome when it came out. As a fan of Uber's previous RTS games, I was really disappointed with this one in the end. Construction is chaotic and just a pain. Unit pathfinding is terrible. Factions are terribly unbalanced. If you get it on sale really cheap, go for it. Otherwise, save your money."
76561198061641040,Recommended,233250,8481074,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,SexualTyrannosaurus,an awesome strategic rts game that pulls you in even on the loading screen. the constant battles you have are utterly thrilling and even if you lose u have a tendancy to return twice as hard it carrys strategy and dominance over the battlefields and the best part of it is to launch planets into others 9.9/10!
76561198079420344,Not Recommended,233250,9321323,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,"No, This is Patrick",utter♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,233250,7786547,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Butters#,Get it!
76561197985705336,Recommended,233250,16472112,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Zarc,"the game is fun to play, i really enjoy it,"
,Recommended,233250,13914467,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,McMuffinz,"This Game Rules! Can't Stop Thinking About it! It's So facinating, Funny, And The systems! Everything is awesome! Cool! And Fantastic!"
,Recommended,233250,31097936,Posted: 12 April,all,NZXTHD.,uvvuuu uvuu vwe bababa vwe baba vwe nyeba nyeba na vewe nyeba ni jojolll oawwwwww wawwww waaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!
76561198069666890,Recommended,233250,12029607,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Disguised Deamon,Love it. Really welll done.
,Recommended,233250,13917116,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Neddy,gr8 game m8 I r8 8/8 buy it
76561198027976823,Not Recommended,233250,11070525,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,melkor77,"Bought it on a sale with 60 or 80% discount and i still feel, like i overpayed. It's pure zerg - no strategy thinking at all. Just can't understand developers putting such a price on it."
76561197998638724,Not Recommended,233250,14272195,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Grittz,"I was sadely dissappointed. Backed this during development phase thinking it would turn out similar to supreme commander (my Fav RTS) But unfortunatley it did not.Dodgy UI, Bland units, Even blander planets (No elevated terrain...WTF) , and no different races.Really bumbed out actually as this *had* so much potential.Unless they redo nearly every aspect of the sad successor to supreme commander/Total Annihilation i CAN NOT recommend"
76561198118085898,Not Recommended,233250,14265088,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,The Swedish Chef,"Terrible overall performance, the game has also been out for 2 years. People would've expected some form of optimization by now.I myself have a computer capable of playing Starcraft, CSGO and even Assassins Creed 3 on maxed out settings at a resolution of 1600 x 900p.The game stated before that you needed an intel hd 4000 integrated gpu to play the game, I've got a GT 630 dedicated gpu which SHOULD be handling this game with its simple graphics at atleast high settings at my native resolution. IMO they shouldn't even have made an OSX port for macbooks because most of them use integrated intel hd graphics so they will have poor performance, even worse than what I have now.Overall it's a good strategy game, the only downside is the crap optimization and performance, this game is definitly not worthy of an overpriced gpu such as a GTX 650 or 750.Not recommended unless you have a really strong and expensive GPU.I even wish I could get my money back..."
,Not Recommended,233250,14358795,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,StormOfSteel,"This game is so ridiculously unstable its not even funny. Its awesome to play when it works, but it almost makes you hit the screen when the game crashes again in a team game. That is every second game you load....."
76561198022310165,Not Recommended,233250,12332873,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,b1ngnx33,Terrible game.   Connection lost.   oh rly?Glad I only paid 15 USD for this hunk of crap.Single player campaign needs an online connection.DO NOT BUY!Supreme Commander and Forged Alliance are better than this P.O.S.
76561198126353146,Recommended,233250,16635949,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Wolfbane,Its a great and chalanging game of world domination and destruction
,Not Recommended,233250,12392208,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,PacifismAnthar,cuntest game which can makes ur nuke fly 360 420 on planet without hiting target 100/1000000000000 - 2014 gg.
76561198036230105,Not Recommended,233250,17615526,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Chuck,So bad...
76561197967165306,Not Recommended,233250,12880149,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Dux Magnus,didnt care for it 5.5/10
76561198060633550,Not Recommended,233250,23356186,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,AUTISTICTHUNDER,ok heres it is one the campaing can suck on my rts and the multiplayer can crash into the moon i bought this game 2 years ago and couldnt play because my computer was a bit old but now i wish i could get my money back casue this game is a tarnish on rts and supreme commander as a whole if you buy this your fault you bought anyone esle stay away there are better rts out there
,Not Recommended,233250,25566760,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Putifari,"Doesn't launch.I've seen this game work on machines both better and worse than I use. Yet besides the numerous posts about this issue, the devs haven't found a solution to actually give something worth the price they ask.No reason to review the ""game"" further. For now."
,Not Recommended,233250,29236791,Posted: 13 January,all,dillbarr,Pros+Large scale+ Crazy weaponsCons- Really complicated and lots going on. Really hard to stay on top of things.-This game could have been fun if I was a Korean with 300 APM. If you are not great at RTS games then you will just get crushed over and over again. Me and a friend even played on the same team and still got crushed by 1 A.I. Cool idea but not friendly to new players at all. I would only recommend if you are good at RTS games and it was on sale.
76561198078324546,Not Recommended,233250,31744895,Posted: 14 May,all,Calandiel,Feels unfinished and underwhelming.
76561198000524104,Not Recommended,233250,25785378,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Ganda Marretao,Avoid
,Not Recommended,233250,28695287,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,V's,"Tried playing the single player, enemy commander on the first planet spawned out of world so I couldn't continue. 11/10 would waste 20 minutes again."
,Not Recommended,233250,31787005,Posted: 16 May,all,Big D1ck Bob,"This game is NOT FINISHED. Constantly crashes, not much different from Beta, do yourself a favour and stay away from this game, the developers abandoned it long ago"
,Not Recommended,233250,28113021,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,BhuffMyPickle,"This game is fun, but it's no SC"
76561198031481634,Not Recommended,233250,15813662,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,ShineOn,"Biggest ripoff of all time.... seeing it on sale for 5 bucks reminds me I had not yet left a negative review.Product was hugely damaging to green light and early access platforms overall imo.Sold initially for huge ridiculous price, made huge claims. Suckered us in with nice looking video and feature promises.Delivered garbage and total fail to deliver on key promised features.Hopefully this has already led to better vetting for early access... Am sure buyers are now much more wary.We'll be seeing this for 99 cents eventually. Big loser guy behind the project in the promo vids should have been enough warning to stay far away from this one. But he got paid... Worst purchase EVER!"
,Recommended,233250,22983603,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Dekal,it good
76561198045094751,Not Recommended,233250,15807111,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,jrthom444,"I have yet to be able to actually play this game.  Black Screen... music in the background but I can't see anything.  I have steam overlay turned off, I have no active anti-virus (while trying at least), I have no video capture software running, I have the latest nvidia drivers.  This game is 100% broken on my system.  Every other game works fine.System i7-5930k, gtx-970, 16GB Ram."
,Not Recommended,233250,25613600,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Major Maple,"Quite possibly the most shallow strategy game I've ever played. I wish there was more to it, but it's basically Baby's First RTS."
76561198045810034,Not Recommended,233250,15871207,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,DonCarrot,"Let's be honest here Uber just ****ed fans in the♥♥♥♥♥ The game COULD be great but it needs a lot of polishing. If it was Early Access I would say ""This will be a great game"" but it's not! The devs don't even try to work on this game *cough* where are shields?! *cough* The money they got from this game they use to make ANOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING STRATEGY GAME called Human Resources or something. If you liked Total Annihilation or SupCom get this game on discount because right now it's not worth."
76561197995903812,Not Recommended,233250,12069118,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Solaire of Astora,"So I have followed this game since its kickstarter and I do like how the game is ""So far"" but this game is far from done. The reason being is that half of the units that they promised are not in the game like the all famous and most talked about unit launcher cannon. This game is very playable but it's still in beta and I do not consider this game done, and after paying quite a bit of money in kickstarter just to get this game rolling I better not have to pay for any future DLCs.On the plus side this game is kindof ""Kindof"" worth the 30$, the con? I can't believe I put in so much money to get this game started for it to be considered finished and cost 30$, its kindof a stab in the back really.Also pardon my grammar and english for I am writing this review on the fly."
76561197973614878,Not Recommended,233250,12732755,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,paul,I loving getting kicked out of my single player game because i lost connection to their server.... Really?
,Recommended,233250,25793579,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Emil,I recommend this game if you have friends who are interested in playing it with you. It is a great game with good graphics.
,Not Recommended,233250,13254086,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Discreter,I want a refund!
,Recommended,233250,16491025,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Cipher (Seph),"I started the game, I built a unit cannon thinking it was a regular cannon. I put 10 tanks into this cannon. I fired those 10 tanks in the middle of an enemy base and they died.My only regret is that I didnt get to build them sunglasses before I launched them.11/10"
76561198042483215,Recommended,233250,16494835,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,BEAR,"All the negative comments was when the game was buggy and laggy. But now you can play without lag and bugs (if you got an good computer) , now the game has really improved and is pretty fun"
,Recommended,233250,13931251,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Hexivore,"This is a damn good game, I wish there were more easier AI modes though"
76561198051166142,Not Recommended,233250,10869590,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Feetuska,+ Fine graphics+ Nice art style+ Gets fun after you know how to play it- A lack of tutorials- Glitchy- Complicated- Not worth the money
76561198045113369,Not Recommended,233250,9982181,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,NW Rabid Badger,"I bought this game a year ago and to this day I still haven't played it because it refuses to launch. Every time I launch the program it goes to a troubleshooter page and says ""pa.exe has stopped working"" and what annoys me the most about this is that I emailed the people behind the game to get answers or some form of help and six months later I still have recieved no word from them. this was a huge waste of $50."
,Not Recommended,233250,9435621,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,EVILKILLER,Once they give the the option to turn the nukes off I will give it a thumbs up. Right when it gets fun it turns in to a laggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,233250,13589963,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,hogejo,Best strategy game in a long time. It was a while ago when I last enjoyed a strategy game this much.
,Not Recommended,233250,12043640,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,RawCode,scamonline only DRM without warning
76561197982748311,Not Recommended,233250,13234528,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,mattew6-21,"At its simplest, there are two parts to any game defense and offence. When one of those is almost entirely absent as defense is in this game...well it's not a good sign. What an embaresment!"
76561198006574934,Not Recommended,233250,15802752,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,andersentheking,ConsNo shieldsProsNo defense from artillery
,Not Recommended,233250,16085358,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,lonnieznewkirk,Not worth the frustration...Released too soon...How much did it cost to develop?It gets worse every time I try to play it.
76561198079614842,Recommended,233250,13192591,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Durundal,7 hours spent trying to get the game to run.All I want to do is play.
76561198141382148,Not Recommended,233250,13945959,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Sir Ben,"I've changed my review on this game since the devs have absolutely abandoned this game. So many bugs and they will never get fixed now. This game has so much potential. Very disappointed. Below is my original review:I've enjoyed many hours of game play with PA. Athough it is not my favorite RTS game the large scale and the ability to colonized and totally annihilate other planets is so rewarding. However, I found that since the economy is confusing and hard to manage I often fall behind the AI quickly even on normal. This game would be my all time favorite if the economy was fixed and easier to manage. Learning hot keys and being able to jump around from planet to planet to manage armies is very important. Don't get this game if you aren't prepared to do some SERIOUS multi-tasking and micromanaging. Over all I recommend this game to all RTS loving gamers. You won't regret buying this one."
76561197961778348,Not Recommended,233250,10908740,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Kijuta,"this is a somewhat decent RTS game, it didn't break the mold or anything but it is unique.  Though there is still some optimizing to be done, and missing content. I only recommend getting this when it's cheap on sale"
76561198008053127,Not Recommended,233250,15804048,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,dennis.danilov,"Decent concept, shoddy execution."
76561198060917850,Not Recommended,233250,15804171,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,SynLegs,JUST BAD
,Recommended,233250,17624175,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Mr. Dear,"Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥on integrated graphics cards, yes im a pleb"
,Recommended,233250,17624253,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Wizard Corgi,"I dont understand the hate for this game, It has extermly orgianl content and amazing ideas theres not much to hate and alot to love. There are some bugs that are worth gripeing about but they arent gamebreaking. I will put togther a pros and cons list below, all in all loved the game 8/10Pros- Groundbreaking concepts and gameplay- Amazing visuals effects- Great graphics/art style- Devs are more active then someCons- Released a new game (Not really its dlc that they wanted to call a game) without square off this one (There is still some bugs but its a great game)- There is only one factoin, robot (If there was more then one it would break cannon)- Camera needs to be refined a little bitOverall rating 8/10"
,Not Recommended,233250,7891714,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Corrosion,Nope.
76561198079545168,Not Recommended,233250,13117374,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,meadman( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)乇乂,Idea: Massive battles that span an entire star system with entire planets falling victim to warReality: An impossible mess of micromanegment
76561198029807541,Not Recommended,233250,29094188,Posted: 7 January,all,doomlajoy,"nope, the match making menu crash went a fisrt wanted to play this game and nope i can't even connect to singleplayer ia squirmish, but why do we have to connect to server for singleplayer game ?"
76561198036997440,Not Recommended,233250,33479432,Posted: 12 July,all,Loli Fondler,Really not a fan of how they marketed their game.
76561198047977879,Not Recommended,233250,26156453,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,SugarSkullz50,Stopped developing and made a stand alone expansion. Feels pretty scammy
,Not Recommended,233250,28692278,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DankG0ober,"Its a good looking game, the idea of it is brilliant, but poorely executed. This game has not gotten out of Early Access. Its abandoned, its clunky controls, camera control is garbage, keyboard settings doesnt work properly.And theres very little to introduction to the game.All in all, im frustrated that its not displayed as Early access, since it obviously never left it."
,Not Recommended,233250,31543140,Posted: 4 May,all,BioSpider,10/10 would crash again10/10 would destroy planets with death star with the 1/100000 chance of the game lasting that long without crashing
,Not Recommended,233250,33621520,Posted: 17 July,all,Danny,Stay away from this game and company they abandon this project before exiting EA!
,Not Recommended,233250,16416348,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,JoxerHD,"Continously stuck on the Galactic War Loading screen. (waited over 15 mins)Followed Advice on Forums, nothing fixed it, updated drivers, didn't fix it.Spend well over an hour trying to fix it.Refund Pending."
,Not Recommended,233250,15882547,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Snuggles,See AnalogMunky's review. It includes all of my thoughts on this game.
,Not Recommended,233250,16143691,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,TheAntiSocialButterfly,It wont start up no matter what i do
76561198026600998,Not Recommended,233250,16152339,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Pratorian25,"I purchased this game about a year ago and had a ton of fun with it. It is truly gratyfying slamming plannets into each other, carpeting others in nukes, or even the occational death star, however I cannot bring myself to give this game a good rating.  A year ago this game was fun but had GLARING bugs, such as single player being broken, which ill get back to, and the fact that alot of units were highly imbalanced. The problem with single player is that its kind of boring because of the mechanics. You play as an awakend robot that needs to travel the system finding technology and utilizing it to defeat your enemies, which sounds good but it isnt. you start out not being to build some of the most basic things in the game. For example if you build an orbital center the only unit you can get is a transport, and if an ai is on another planet and builds anti-air... well u kinda can't do anything. This makes the campaign seem long and repetitive and also not even as fun as a normal skirmish. All of that could be forgiven as well if it wasnt for the game breaking bugs. A year ago I couldn't finish the campaign because after a number of victories, for some reason the games buttons would break. This means i would be stuck in the stats not able to return to my campaign or even the main menu and if I closed the program I would also lose my progress plus its a repeatable bug.I think this game has potential to be fun, but at the rate its taking and the way the development team handles bugs and problems on their webpage, I would rather see this game handed over to its modders who have been much more creative and successful.As a pre-Purchase I would say stay away but maybe read some reviews after release to see if Uber Entertainment stepped up their game."
,Not Recommended,233250,16319418,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Gamer,Wish I could get a refund!!
,Not Recommended,233250,16360522,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,"A2, 2B, 9S",So Lost and quick pace. Got lost on how the game even work. No tutorial or basic to show you how to even play the game.
76561198060269556,Not Recommended,233250,16401278,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,RubberRats,"First I found this game on sale. It looked pretty cool, so I bought it.Then I downloaded and played it. The menu looked nice, so I booted up a singleplayer Galactic War.I thought the map screen was pretty cool and eventually I found an enemy. I decided to attack the enemy.Then I got to actually playing the game.The slow, laggy game.The lag was so horrible, that I tried quitting and restarting multiple times, to no use.2/10. Pretty, but in accessable."
,Not Recommended,233250,25295210,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,M&M's,Now 1 dollar at♥♥♥♥♥ I can't believe what did I pay for this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,233250,16480368,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Pesty Wizard,so ive wanted this games for a long time and now thanks to the steam summer sale i have it. UNFORTUNETLY there is no screen resolution option so the game that i want so badly is half missing and i dont want to have to use mods just to see my screen
76561198133622817,Not Recommended,233250,16503899,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Battlepeng1,OMG IT CRASHES EVERYTIME I START A BATTLE!
,Not Recommended,233250,20155554,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Rex,Trying to make my buy a whole new game for a few more units... Couldn't they have just added it the the game?
,Not Recommended,233250,16215829,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,nader,Don't buy
76561198070296706,Recommended,233250,11994125,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Peacekeeper141,I love this game
,Not Recommended,233250,11430975,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Infinitynull,"This game is way too fast paced to be a RTS. It's super weapons are awesome, but with a FPRTS it's impossible to get to them without winning in other measures first. I am proud of this company they made a new genre (FPRTS fast paced real time strategy).Sarcasm on the proud, the half witted dim wits that ""made"" this game should be blacklisted from Steam market. No worries I got my refund, now get yours and don't buy this trash."
,Recommended,233250,8388411,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Abuata,"""We should take the moon and push it into another planet""-patrick star"
,Not Recommended,233250,8846171,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Timkinut,"Hell no. Why have I bought this crap? Why? I could buy something that worth those money!This is still not even a game. It is a disastrous project without any potential.The performance is a huge problem. I tried to play with my GTX 680 and 8GB RAM and it lags even if the settings are down.The gameplay doesn't even EXIST. Seriously, LMB to win.The only good thing about it are the graphics (but even this advantage is killed by lags which make the game completely unplayable).Don't repeat my mistake. I'm dissapointed.0/10"
,Not Recommended,233250,8678581,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,zenoxparadox,"The same as supreme commander (both 1 and 2) but then with planets. Economy still doesn't make sense, end-game units are now planets that ""Annihalate"" the other planet. Waste of money. Still beta though, don't see it happening that they change the current basis to something innovative."
76561198085920262,Not Recommended,233250,23716127,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Phisher,"Crashes constantly and no my graphics drivers didn't crash game i checked!!─────────────────────────▄▀▄─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄─────────────────────────█──█──█─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█▄█████████████────────────█─────███████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────███████───────██─▀█─────────█────█████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son!███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ A bad game!███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────████─────────────────▀█─────█────████──────────────────█─────█────████─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█████────────██████────█────█────██████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄███▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────███▄──────────██████───█───█─────█─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────██──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────██────█─────────█─────█──────────██────────▀█────█─────█─────────███───────────────█──▄█▀─────────██──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────██───────────────█──────────────██▄─────────────██──────────────█─█▄────────────█───────────────█──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────────█Edit: game no longer states that my graphics drivers have crashed, thats a plus. but now it just freazes then closes with no error what so ever.Games still broke"
,Not Recommended,233250,23974518,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,MothOnHead,"Don't waste your money on this garbage, go buy Supreme Commander for a way better version of this game.Also Sup Com came first and these asshats could't even rip it off right.Not worth $2, not worth $30."
76561198048261122,Not Recommended,233250,34654558,Posted: 1 September,all,Overkill Is Underrated,This is bad and the development is really unscrupulous
,Not Recommended,233250,25060217,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Speedy Commando,talk about a game that flopped real hard
76561198040443616,Not Recommended,233250,14737819,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Lone Ech.,Never get an Early Access game.  Ever.
,Not Recommended,233250,14109791,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Lacari,My gameplay time says everything.
76561198052533744,Not Recommended,233250,14762224,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,freegantarchist | we are oceans,this is still a rather scamy and brazen behaviour developers are exhibiting.i rather recommand buying starcraft ii as often as you like!
,Not Recommended,233250,13615599,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dawson,"Easily the biggest waste of money I've ever spent on a game, ever. I'm just glad I didn't pay full price for it and instead got a ~£4.50 life lesson in how to do research.First off it doesn't support my resolution of 1024x768 which basically makes the game unplayable because If I try and switch to the 1280x720 resolution that the game recommends then it clips off the screen. This error is partly my fault for not reading the minimum settings well enough before purchase, wherin it clearly states that 1280x720 is the minimum setting. I'm in the wrong for assuming that the game would ever allow something smaller as an option.Secondly, and this is the main issue, is that I can't play the game in multiplayer at all. Nowhere in the minimum requirements does it say (as far as I can see) that a minimum internet connection is required to play the game. My internet connection is not the greatest, as I'm sporting a ~0.6mb/s download, however I have never had an issue such as today wherin my internet connection has stopped me from playing a multiplayer game completely. In the server list the servers take an immensely long time to load and update, even with all options open. At first I even thought it was my firewall or similar preventing it from working. When the servers did finally load I couldn't join the game my friends were hosting. I typed in the correct password but when I clicked 'join game' nothing happened...After a while of searching around my friend found that apparently there is a minimum internet connection required to play the game, and that the server list needs one too. So until the day I get better internet it seems I won't be able to play this game at all in multiplayer, and until the day that support for a resolution of 1024x768 comes then I won't be able to enjoyably play it in singleplayer either.The sole reason I bought this game was to play multiplayer with my friends, and I haven't played any of the actual gameplay yet. For all I know this game is amazing, but I will not be playing it. I find it rather stupid being barred from playing aspects of this game for reasons I didn't know I could be barred for.0/10."
,Not Recommended,233250,14263936,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Thr4shmetal,It's okay... until you want to try and move to another planet that is completely dominated by the AI.. then its a stalemate.
,Not Recommended,233250,13899125,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Jxshxa,this game starts up for me then crashes
,Not Recommended,233250,13899126,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Jxshxa,this game starts up for me then crashes
,Not Recommended,233250,14756344,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,KlutchS,"See how it says I've played .3 hrs of this game?-Its Lying. I've played 0% of it. Thanks for selling me a broken game.Will not start up, no error pops up. Researching the issue on google chrome brings about a bunch of technical mumbo that a commoner like me can't understand.0/10"
,Not Recommended,233250,26079274,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,StellarPotato,"Great game. But I got one word for you; LAG. This thing took me ages to get running, and it still doesn't run as fast as I'd like. So be aware of that before running it."
76561198030376738,Not Recommended,233250,31430887,Posted: 28 April,all,Brickthing,Game is a scam. Super dissapointed.
76561198017512003,Not Recommended,233250,24120698,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Hermelien,Just buy Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance
,Not Recommended,233250,23981195,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Kim Il-Sung,Game was great when the developers payed attention to it.Now they have completely abandoned the game.
,Not Recommended,233250,29709956,Posted: 4 February,all,[AP] Acosar,No
,Not Recommended,233250,16478675,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Reece,"Crashed within the fist fifty seconds, halfway through the oepning cinematic, then refused to get past the uber logo for the next eight tries.Waste of money.0/10"
76561198095440973,Recommended,233250,16280984,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,GamesterGangsta,freind quit wen i nuked their basewas on same teamplz never fix this10/10 would lose freindship again
,Not Recommended,233250,17406003,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,I have the zucc,"This is the first thumbs down rating I've ever given. The game has been abandoned by the devs. At times the whole engine just completely freezes, and when I say 'at times' I mean every 15 minutes. Steam denied my request to refund the game because I had it for a while. It's unfinished and not worth the buy"
76561198080073063,Not Recommended,233250,14201196,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,02hunter,THIS GAME IS AN ABSOLUTE PILE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥ I PAYED SEVENTY DOLLARS FOR THE PRE ORDER AND IT TURNS OUT TO BE A PAY TO WIN GAME. THERE IS NOTHING INTERESTING AT ALL IN THE GMAE ANYWAYS. DO NOT BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ thank you and have a nice day :)
,Not Recommended,233250,16745587,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Futurist,"I love this game.  So let me explain why I'm not giving it a thumbs up.  The AI is not client side.  Its server side.  Lately the servers are absolute garbage.  Graphically this game is very basic but it doesn't matter.  You can have a 100MB connection and a $10,000 Falcon Northwest desktop and this game will be a slide show because their servers can't keep up with sending you the data required to control your AI opponents.  Until something changes or something is done about this avoid this.  Its basically unplayable right now."
76561198006809439,Not Recommended,233250,10210173,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,IMANU,"Utterly broken, blame it on alpha status or whatever. this was grossly overpriced, no matter how good it -might- get in the future."
76561197983536632,Not Recommended,233250,14605577,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,=-Lil Campfire-==D~~~~,"I waited and waited for them to fix this game up, it's honestly a mess. I loved total annihilation and supreme commander, but why the hell would they do this to themselves? It was a great idea and the gameplay was there, but the crashes, glitches, small inconviniences were overwhelming and never fixed. Today on the front store page I see them selling a new version of this same game. That's messed up, they went and invested our money in a new game instead of fixing the one they promised to give us? We invested in them, we bought this game when it was still in development, we trusted them. For a second, when I saw it on the store page, I thought it was the ""great update"", but we've been had. I lost all faith in these developers and will no longer support them. Long gone are the days of total annihilation and great RTS game from these guys."
76561198082848204,Recommended,233250,13933859,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Domino's Pizza,I like this game because yes.
76561198090091900,Recommended,233250,13933856,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Supreme,best game ever!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,233250,9991475,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,ZackofallTrades198,"This game is ridiculous for the price, oversells itself, and runs like crap on a machine with specs way above the recommended. If you can get it to launch, which is never, by the way, you'll be met by an awesome startup screen, aka the best experience in the entire game. The models are terrible, yet somehow the game manages a staggering 3.5 frames per second. Next on my list of gripes is the AI. Usually in RTSs, you have a setup phase where everything is peaceful for a bit before all-out war happens. You wanted time to set up your bases? Well, no, because the AI attack you as soon as they can build a single war unit. There is literally no time to set up an effective base and go to war. I was just starting to construct air units when the AI were calling in orbital strikes. Oh, and did I mention that the space aspect is NOT as expansive as promised? Right now, there are only two available planets on the biggest map, while in the description they promise ""entire planets as bases"". And, not only are these planets few, they are infintesmal. You'll be lucky if you don't land face-to-face with your opponent right off the bat, and combined with the over-agressive AI, you'll be lucky to play a game that lasts more than 30 minutes. I sunk a very large amount of money into this game just to be let down harder than any title I have purchased in the past.TL;DR: Do not buy this game. Horrible mechanics, awful rendering, broken AI, and WAY oversold in the description. 2/10[EDIT] Post-release Addendum (12/8/15):So, a couple weeks ago-- relative to me writing this-- I decided that I was going to have another go at this seemingly awful RTS title. I reluctantly downloaded the game and started it to see what had changed. Over the years I have upgraded my hardware to high-end parameters, so I had no problems with the rendering. When I finally got into the single player, I began working toward building units and power facilities and the like, and noticed that the AI wasn't nearly as aggressive as it was last time I played it. I went through that round, won, and proceeded to play another. After two rounds I have to say that I had fun in this game, though it was too easy. I will probably try the harder difficulties, but at a later date. All in all, everything that I griped about in my pre-release review was fixed for the most part. And, in addition, I was pretty salty in my early access review because I dumped $80 on a (at the time) crap game. I wouldn't give it outstanding ratings, but it's decent, and I suppose that's all right. I'll still keep my review as non-recommended though because I haven't played enough of it to tell whether a purchas is justified or not.TL; DR: The game's not terrible anymore, but I still won't recommend it because I haven't gotten through all the content."
,Recommended,233250,15746833,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,wandwuff,I build over 2000 craft and destroyed every planet except mine.Still didn't win the game.1564861861615615/-2562561625-Would IGN again.
,Recommended,233250,8238408,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Ya dead Nan,it is ♥♥♥♥ing awsome worth every penny
,Not Recommended,233250,13597833,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Everand,There is a single-player mode. It just dosen't have an offline mode.
,Not Recommended,233250,15818438,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Cohort™,Sure do wish i got it when it was 5 dollars not 40
76561198005927154,Not Recommended,233250,14253850,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Gath Memvar,"I was really expecting a space version of Forged Alliance, but unfortunately that is not what this provides.  I feel like the game is fairly shallow (your mileage may vary) with it being primarily a space race or nuke race if you survive the inital rush(es).  A general (though not always) lack of choke points make some areas on planets extremely difficult to defend.  Some may find that a pro, and I'm certainly not advocating full-out turtling, but defense to me felt really weak.The units are fairly bland and uninteresting, being carbon copies with no interesting features other than going and blowing stuff up faster or slower than other units.On the positive side, throwing asteroids at people (if you survive long enough...I did this twice I think?) is tremendously fun.  The amount of time and resources required for this is justifiably expensive, and probably the best feature of the game.Single Player options are extremely limited, being either Galactic Conquest, which is horribly imbalanced, and skirmish, which is fun for a bit, but will eventually grow stale.Overall, I find PA to still feel like it's in a Beta phase.  It has the potential to be amazing, but so many ideas are simply not living up to their potential.  Should the status quo change, I am more than willing to give this a thumbs up.  For now, I do not recommend."
76561198055886335,Not Recommended,233250,14344139,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Caliber5,Cant say ive played much. Sounded fun but whenever i tried to Play it it would work fine for about 5 minutes then it would crash.
,Not Recommended,233250,10228803,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Mad Dog Torx,"I'm writing this review from the point of view of a new player. I will update it later if I manage to get into it!I love the concept of this game, but don't expect any hand holding!Firstly the tutorial video is useless at teaching you how to actually play!The controls weren't intuitive and didn't work on numerous occasions for example, my middle mouse button doesn't rotate the planet; I clicked C to select my commander and nothing happened, the list goes on.I couldn't find a way to pause the single player game so I could work out what to do and before I knew it my base was being attacked and destroyed.So, early impressions are poor and I regret spending the asking price. I gave up for now and I clearly need to do external research if I'm ever going to get into this game!"
,Not Recommended,233250,13024897,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Dr.Hexapus,So glitchy.... getting better.
,Not Recommended,233250,15806531,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,ass muncher,"Someone please help me. When i start up the game it'll say ""Connectiong to PlayFab"" then the message going away. I can't play in singleplayer or multiplayer. Please help me"
76561198047651413,Recommended,233250,23944659,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Hadesthief,"Its a fun, simple RTS that, if you're thinking of buying, should be bought with the titans add-on (it probably should have been in the game from the start or given to us as a free update, but whatever)."
76561197984517131,Not Recommended,233250,25159609,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,The Guv'nor,This game is bad like dried toast without anything. It could have been awesome but without the balance it just doesn't work. By the way tap F5 it will f&@k up your game. First your hud wil disappear and then the game will crash.
,Not Recommended,233250,24487578,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Onebadterran,"Curator Review:This RTS is one of epic scale. Take charge of an advanced civilization and conquer the solar system for your empire. Mine metal, generate energy, research, build an army, and send moons crashing into planets. Annihilate your enemies! Overall, it doesn't live up to the hype but it is a solid game with a great deal of potential.https://youtu.be/TKeWUUzEQyM"
76561198133845992,Not Recommended,233250,27412778,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blitzwing,"They just did not make the game that was promised.There are several issues by the game, the most important one is the bad performance.The cheap money grab by that Stand alone Titans, is an insult.You can not change game speed.Change Game speed was several times requested on several forums.http://steamcommunity.com/app/233250/discussions/0/558747922033791104/?l=germanhttp://steamcommunity.com/app/233250/discussions/2/558752450242151984/?l=germanhttps://www.reddit.com/r/planetaryannihilation/comments/2yao56/is_there_a_mod_to_change_game_speed_or_pause/https://forums.uberent.com/threads/please-add-game-speed-controls.53392/The gameplay just slow and boring ,and ends up who can throw first a planet at enemy commander.-1 Lack of Effort to make what was Promised.-2 They did on Kickstarter get more than enough money to make it.-PA had over $2.2 million on Kickstarter,http://gamingbolt.com/planetary-annihilation-titans-announced-and-released-3 By steam EA they did even get much more money ""come to it later""-4 Faction, it was promised, another colour is not another faction.By the way they did delete the original announcement.http://www.uberent.com/pa/2013/09/19/lore-reveal/But internet does not forget, there is still a Thread on official Homepage Quoting their Lie.The official statement was about 4 Factions, that would look differently.https://forums.uberent.com/threads/faction-name-faction-leader-name-summary.58282/http://planetaryannihilation.gamepedia.com/Planetary_Annihilation#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorPlayers are represented in-game by their commander unit, which is intended to be a very powerful unit, but players are defeated if they lose this unit. Currently, the plan is that all factions in the game will use the same types of units, though each faction's units may have a unique look.The 4 Factions just look the same, not different.So you have 1 Faction, its just a different Colour on them.-5 Floating units around the planet like Jets are not Space battles. You can not move fleets around the planets and have there battles.-6 Metal Planets, you see the Point is there They Mentioned Total Annihilation and there you could build anywhere Metal Extractors. Here it does not really full fill the promise.OK its technically there , like you say by Big Fat Lie No Mans SkyLies : ""Fool me once shame on you Fool me twice shame on me""The Titans Upgrade was for a lot of people the last drop.-7 The Early Access says you get all the new Stuff as the supporter.The Huge Units you can see on several Beta Pictures +the ""DLC Titans"" is just an Patch, they want money for a patch! Again this is content that was promised for Early Access, so give it only to kickstaters , but not Early Access is just a fraud, they did not give people the content they did pay for.-8 They did not announce the Titan patch.-9 They did bring back for sale Planetary Annihilation,for real money, even if Planetary Annihilation Titans ""just a slight patch exist for sale too.It just this combination, of Lies, lack of effort and greed from the developer, I can not recommend this awful game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,233250,30512435,Posted: 14 March,all,Doctor Salt Ph.D,A deeply flawed and underwhelming RTS.
,Not Recommended,233250,14348632,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,DarkTheImmortal,"I love this game, but in the state it's currently in, I cannot recommend it.Sometimes it works, most times it doesn'tThe optimiation on this is probably the worst I have ever seen. It is barely playable on the lowest settings possible, while Skyrim works perfectly on Medium. I started a game against some AIs, and it took so long to load that apparently while I was loading, the AIs were building. When I finally got in the game, I was instantly attacked and destroyed.Not only that, every time I quit the game, it takes a full half hour to close (I timed it), and when it does, it leaves my computer in the same state as the game: slow and barely useable. Luckily a simple force shutdown fixes this.Like I said, I love the game, when it's playable, but until there is an optimization patch, I cannot recommend it."
76561198058348813,Recommended,233250,15875893,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,=SWFT= Kix,A good Strategy 10/10
76561198005248610,Not Recommended,233250,10272109,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Elmberry,Supreme commander 2 is a far better game on all levels. Much more interresting and powerful units and fun gameplay. Your commander feels also quite powerful in Supreme commander 2 compare to this game. It's highly frustrating to attack other planets also. I regret I bought this game. I wished the game was equal fun as it looks in the trailers but sadly it's not. It's very far from finished. Maybe it will be more fun within two years or so. However I am dubious after trying out the Planetary thing and how the mechanism works around that as it feels they need to rework most of the things. Sadly it's frustrating to play this game as it feels like playing a console game. It's not a game I recommend my friends to buy.
,Recommended,233250,13910617,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Lowspace,Billy Mays Here With Another FANTASTIC Product.
76561198043569040,Not Recommended,233250,9807936,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Bendleable,If you like RTS pass this one up
,Recommended,233250,13193851,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Trideon,Great spin on a great legacy of real time strategy epicness!
76561198079274980,Not Recommended,233250,15823996,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,W27,This game is not worth your time or money...i bought it on summer salebut sill not wort it. this is a game that you will play for a week and then... you will get sick of it
76561198008130016,Not Recommended,233250,17454094,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,logovaz,"This game is not worth it's price.Very poor gameplay. Graphics is good, but gameplay makes it unnecessary because in fact you zoom out abd rule small icons all the time. There is no tactics - the only way to win is a zerg-rush."
,Recommended,233250,16485932,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Draktok,
,Not Recommended,233250,32354574,Posted: 11 June,all,Spacedoge[Court],"Bought this game in Early Access for £40 I think. I thought it would be a sequel to Supreme Commander. However the grahpics are just awful, and even though the scale of combat goes to different planets the planets are miniscule compared to 81x81 maps on supreme commander. The graphics are also crap, basic, undeveloped compared to the that game. RTS games become very similar sure, you have air/land/sea units and just create as many and spam the other player. This game does bring something new to the genre by playing across multiple planets, though these might as well just be islands on a larger map.Some have said the Titans version is better, however I spent £40 on this, and titans is discounted because I bought this base game, but the Titans game is clearly a copy of this, with MINOR added units. The graphics still look poor on that, and no sense of scale.Go buy Supreme Commander Forged Alliance if you want very long battles. Get Supreme Commander 2 if you want short battles, both are far far better than this. If steams refund policy had been around back then I would have no doubt refunded it ASAP."
,Not Recommended,233250,29195810,Posted: 11 January,all,BountyHunter 48,Total Annihilation gets a graphic and map update except its much worse.
,Not Recommended,233250,15822288,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Gridie,Go buy supreme commander2 instead
76561197991273070,Not Recommended,233250,15876600,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,uaelord,worst strategy game
76561198037881772,Not Recommended,233250,15829263,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Kalnark,I would love this game but i don't know how to play there should be a tutorial mission to give you the basic idea of what your doing
76561197965723094,Not Recommended,233250,15854982,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Lucknuss,Write a review for Planetary Annihilation
76561198093796242,Not Recommended,233250,16281789,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Cjhodge8,it laged far me alto
76561198139747452,Not Recommended,233250,15823821,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,luca.mattinson98,The worst game I have ever played - please can I have my money back? Don't buy.
76561198020085437,Recommended,233250,9311416,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Nokzen,"I havent tried it too much yet, but it seems like a fun little game, i like the battle and the graphics of it.I will defenitly dive into this game more and see what its about. Id recommend others to do the same.http://youtu.be/osphH57lN5Q"
,Not Recommended,233250,14292881,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,DadeoZ,"The game is interesting and has a great concept.  Unfortunately, that concept didn't get fully baked.The game starts off a little dull.  Basically, a space civ.  But as you continue to explore you gain ""technologies"" that will help you defeat the bad guys.Unfortunately, the AI is predictable and fast.  They don't have to ""think"" and plan like us, so they often can build a vast army and attack faster than you.  They also go straight to air and build a massive air force to fly in an assault you.If they are on another planet, by the time you advance your tech to get you to other planet, their air force will most likely take you out before you can get a foothold.I've played a number of games, and the AI is always the same.  Straight to air force and very fast build up of defenses.Occasionally, I've been able to defeat the enemy if I catch him roaming or we are on the same planet and I take him out quickly.I would give it a 2 out of 10.  It has a good idea in there, but it just is very poor coding of the AI and the graphics are dull and flat, with some cool explosions and missile trails thrown in."
,Recommended,233250,13915292,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Pure,I CRASHED A MOON INTO A PLANET!!!!!!! 10/10 would play again.
76561198059979562,Not Recommended,233250,12033256,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Reaper1590,"Unless your computer is less than a year old or has the most advanced graphics you can get dont bother, you will just get a PA.EXE error, and even updating the drivers wont always fix it."
,Not Recommended,233250,29045825,Posted: 5 January,all,龍神♥,boring game
,Not Recommended,233250,30281461,Posted: 2 March,all,Ground pilot,Titans
,Not Recommended,233250,31125311,Posted: 13 April,all,Cerekay,meh!
,Not Recommended,233250,29746922,Posted: 6 February,all,mvm900,"Unoptimized, wants to be supcom, but lacks anything supcom had. Like story. Or a campaign. And when they got bad reviews they decided to resell it."
,Not Recommended,233250,14007859,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,brian.damaro,Can't recommend.
,Recommended,233250,13913638,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Onions,Its GUD
,Not Recommended,233250,14377417,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,N3GR0L0V3R816,"This game was great! Weapons were powerful enough you required tactics to actually win the game. Nukes would destroy your entire base. New update means takes 10 times longer to build things, nukes do nothing now. They used to destroy your base, now they destroy a building or two. Do not get this game unless you like waiting, you can't win a game on your own or you just want a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. I will never play this new version of the game. It is complete and utter garbage, not worth $5 much less $30."
76561198012242234,Not Recommended,233250,14251597,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,The Log Lady,"A neat concept that is executed poorly. The gameplay is so slow and tedius, and I really don't see the point of ever playing it again, and I really love RTS games. I wish I could get my money back. :("
76561198124283404,Not Recommended,233250,14254355,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,aceln,I found that you need an Uber account to play this gam as well as an Steam account. This is not mentioned on the Steam web site. It seem that this second log in as it stands is in adition to the Syeam login. Another location for your personal info to reside. I thought that was the idea of having a Steam account that this service would handle all that plus the licencing issues.It seem not.
76561198013695511,Not Recommended,233250,14288758,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Arg,"This game take a significant amount of work to get it to run, if you looking for an rts that you can buy install and then play go find another one. After jumping through hoops and getting it to run you find that the game play isnt finished to the point you would expect."
,Not Recommended,233250,14578911,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Babbi-Jan,"Feels so outdaded, i'm getting tired of all these kickstarter/early access crap that can barely be called playable."
,Recommended,233250,15824034,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,≡][≡ Sɴᴜ Cʜᴀɪɴᴢ ≡][≡,Yes.
76561198010551271,Not Recommended,233250,15796144,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Soap,The kickstarter cinematic looks cool.
76561198058093323,Not Recommended,233250,24161696,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,"quality gun, cheap bullets",broken
,Not Recommended,233250,29844422,Posted: 11 February,all,Lynch,"Totally good ideas, yet its not optimized enough, bad FPS issues."
76561198020178847,Not Recommended,233250,34471872,Posted: 24 August,all,Papa Smurf,Spent wayyyyy to much money. Terrible.
,Not Recommended,233250,25615962,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,MingLee,don't waste your time with this failure..
,Not Recommended,233250,10214511,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Nogrim,"sooooo happy i shelled out for early access just for them to cut the price in half even before the damn thing is released.screw you guys your company is blacklisted, what a god damn rip off"
76561198088212852,Recommended,233250,15617024,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Cat Chef,This game is honestly one of the most beautiful turn based games! In my opinion it indefinetly defeats civ 5!
,Recommended,233250,13933723,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,CYKA_BLYAT,amazing soundtrack and great gameplayits a must buy for any RTS fan
76561198065534670,Recommended,233250,31209058,Posted: 17 April,all,[VAV] Hen,idk..
76561198054706962,Recommended,233250,7859548,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,HoA. daltonhstokes,this game is amazing
,Recommended,233250,15810382,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Swagosaurus Flex,Awesome game its a 10/10 from IGN
76561198042011451,Not Recommended,233250,15813362,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,ANALizer,"This game used to be pretentious, so pretentious that it was priced at 90$ once. They also got 2.2 millions on kickstarter for this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Screw you Uber EntertainstealThe timer you see up there is correct, that's how long it took me to realise that."
,Not Recommended,233250,31847692,Posted: 19 May,all,TheGamingBoss,do not play this game on a slow computer even if i can barly handle the game because it will crash on you all the time.
76561198059566056,Not Recommended,233250,28141175,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Random the Tiefling,"Crasht 9/10 keer midgame, kan niet rejoinen. In early access was het een beter spel dan nu"
,Not Recommended,233250,28690046,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Aes,♥♥♥♥ this game.
,Not Recommended,233250,26187931,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,El Sãcknigg,True crap
76561197999634872,Not Recommended,233250,26686105,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Dallas,This game sucks so bad.
,Not Recommended,233250,29813144,Posted: 9 February,all,Hbadger41,"CDN$ 14.99 For the ACTUAL version with the ""Upgrade"" for the ""New"" Titans Version of the game... Uber Entertainment Only wants your money."
,Not Recommended,233250,29322504,Posted: 17 January,all,HOT ROSS BUNS,Complete garbage.Garbage engine.Garbage devs.Dox rush garbage.Late game nuke spam garbage.Garbage.0/6
,Not Recommended,233250,15820812,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,James Peake,"When I play singleplayer on normal the AI just kicks my♥♥♥♥♥with no hesitation at all. They start out with a completed base and enough resources to make a whole armada to wipe my♥♥♥♥♥off the map. I didn't ask for Castlevania difficulty. I wanted to play an RTS that will give me a challenging battle. Not an RTS that pins me in a corner and violates me in ways I have never been violated before. Put in a ""super easy"" difficulty or give me my money back. 1/10 -IGN"
,Not Recommended,233250,16501976,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Bárány,"I was waiting for this game so much, but it is horrible, a lot of bugs game keeps crashing. Once again run into the trap of early access, I'm so disappointed, I don't think I would try to play this game again. :("
76561198170065239,Not Recommended,233250,16486666,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,El Macko,It's mainly just about spamming units. :/ Not too much fun.
,Not Recommended,233250,11551086,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Razor,Gets stuck if too much activity in game
,Recommended,233250,25848438,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,HeartDawn,Smash planets. Explode planets. Annihilate. Nuff said.
76561198064771679,Recommended,233250,25830665,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Nathaniel,"Wow, just dusted this game off and man it was a lot of fun!  Going to pick up the TITANS expansion now too, because this game got me hooked!Would recommend 8/10"
76561198133666176,Recommended,233250,13915055,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,B R O W N,best game 10/10 (game of the year)
,Recommended,233250,13913825,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,WitchWhoCleans,"Planetary Annihilation is the single best RTS game I've ever seen. Many poeple will call this game unfinished because there are ""balance issues"" or ""missing features"" or ""bad textures."" These are all lies. This game has balance issues because of how you use the units not because of how good the units are. This game has exactly 0 missing features. The system editor is one of the best I've seen. And finally, bad textures. The textures of the planets, effects and units, are simplified because A: This game would get crazy laggy if you played with high textures. B: This game is supposed to be more cartoon style than anything else. And C: This game is supposed to be about focusing on the big picture, not microing each and every unit. This is my review for this masterpiece of gaming. 10/10"
76561198104959364,Not Recommended,233250,25473428,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,-={NK}=-Seanking59,wellcome to low fps and high glicth i have exprenced multi crashes and glicths it at frsit was no big deal but they now are so common that playing the game is in possable so if you want to use your$30 bucks wisely go  buy rust i got 715 hours out of that game and this game is just not finished yet makeing it not worth the $30 and thee last thing is it's abanded so that means no updates no dev team is left working on it SO THE BUGS ARE HERE TO STAY!
76561198006533783,Not Recommended,233250,25655709,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,sickysickybrah,Complete and utter garbage.  I purchased this as an early access game because I loved Total annihilation and Supreme Commander.  These guys took my money and ran.
,Not Recommended,233250,14228413,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Weirdcko,"I really want to say this game is awesome, but while the idea of games with multiple planets is amazing, it just doesn't always work like it did in Super Mario Galaxy. A platformer game worked real well with that. An RTS? Not really. Since you're on a planet, you can be attacked from practically any angle, and the defensive structures you're given are just awful, forcing you to rely on units. Also, with enough defenses, any planet could become nearly impossible to land on. Lastly, why do we have a navy when we're supposed to be focused on interplanetary war? I suppose an RTS could work in this kind of planetary format, but certainly not the way it's been done here.I will point out that many of the units are great, notably most aircraft and orbital units. Most of them can be used offensively and defensively. The idea of advanced factories is also very intriguing. As is the idea of a planet annihlating laser. The game does have good mechanics, but they just can't be used as well as they could be in context of everything else.As for the campaign. Actually, I don't have much to say here. Just simply that it's completely awful.Camera controls are fine, but can take a while to learn.The music has no variety. It's as if the same track is looping forever. It's not, but it definitely feels that way.The game in its current state really isn't worth buying. In the future? Maybe, but probably not. It's not as exciting as it looks. A game like this could potentially be amazing, but this game has not nearly had enough work put into it."
,Not Recommended,233250,14443045,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,𝑡𝑦𝑙𝑒𝑟 ☂,"i think it's disgusting to make light of the complete and total destruction of entire planets, including the lifeforms on it and any cultural heritage they had. we should treasure each other. this game is pathetic"
76561197982371705,Not Recommended,233250,14184578,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,vizualartist,"Seems the planets were annihilated before I got there.  Lacks polish, character, inspiration, and creativity.  To me it seems like a barebones wireframe version of a RTS.  My playtime is accurate and possibly not enough to justify a review but I don't think I'll be loading it again for a long time."
,Recommended,233250,12029911,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,holy moly,its fun10/10-IGN
,Not Recommended,233250,14288196,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,pvanderm,"Not what was promised in the Kickstarter. This game has so much potential but will never be finished, avoid this publisher and any of their games."
76561198027095716,Not Recommended,233250,14381660,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Black Six,A RTS on a massive scale that ignores its heritage in an attempt to be a modern twitch based strategy game.
76561198007409592,Not Recommended,233250,15821457,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Ulfgar Ardo,Its a great idea turned to a mess. Its unmanagable and just not fun. A shame because it had so much potential.
76561197962272134,Not Recommended,233250,16478952,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,william.hartanto,"This game is still unplayable to me. Despite its low quality graphics, this game has been lagging with near zero FPS on SINGLE PLAYER mode with LOCAL SERVER enabled (and I run it on laptop that run games like Watchdogs with ease at extreme graphic settings). So this game is technically BROKEN. At least for me; but I think it is the same experience for hundreds of other people too."
,Recommended,233250,17635144,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Loic.exe,Epic battles love this
,Recommended,233250,13930849,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Bricks,[EDIT]I love this game but don't buy this buy Planetary Annihilation TITANS. It's made buy the same people and it is almost the same exept with more content.10/10 would annihilate again
,Not Recommended,233250,27521981,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lotnik,"No niestety, skok na kase i niedorobiona gra."
,Not Recommended,233250,30628484,Posted: 19 March,all,Chapel,"Doesnt have a tutorial so you cant figure it out. Just get the new one, its wildly better. hehe remember when this piece of garbage was 90 dollars?"
,Not Recommended,233250,15818453,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Commander Craft,Tried to open the game and it didn't open 10/10 Game of the year
76561198035666362,Not Recommended,233250,16503450,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,✰Starks,SERVER wont work
,Not Recommended,233250,10725457,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,711green,"Waste of money, waste of time, waste of hope =)If you like SupCom + FA - don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥It's not even close!"
76561197962683383,Recommended,233250,13905519,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Patton,Complicated.
,Not Recommended,233250,16484132,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,BroodjeKoffie,I can't believe I have paid 80 euros in early access for this game..
76561198083893666,Not Recommended,233250,14720797,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Right Nut,"This game flat out sucks on a laptop, not worth buying."
,Not Recommended,233250,30650420,Posted: 21 March,all,krazyciller666,"This is the worst RTS every made. It so bad and truely god awful, these two sentences are all i can write.0/10"
,Not Recommended,233250,25154359,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Kill Your Self,trash
76561198006794443,Not Recommended,233250,14373618,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,romanense,Big Disappointment!!!!!
76561198030850078,Not Recommended,233250,14234298,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,theunusualmatt,"Boring gameplay. Galactic war is very cookie cutter and single player is lackluster.I don't care about multiplayer. That isn't why I bought this game.I wanted a Supreme Commander style single player experience and in return I got a kick in balls.I feel REALLY bad for the people that bought this POS back when it was 70 dollars. I called it a cash grab. I should have listened to myself, but I really wanted to believe in this game. Least I only paid 10 bucks for it. I've♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that away on scratchers before and lost, so whatever.However, the people MOST cheated out of this are the kickstarter backers. Wow, did they get screwed. Do you know Uber has STILL yet to send out some of the physical rewards for backers? In 2015...3 years later...I am a huge RTS fan, and I love the Supreme Commander / TA series. But this is just poor show.Avoid.Between this crap show from Uber and DayZ, I am going to stop purchasing ""Early Release"" games."
,Not Recommended,233250,14247142,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Foss,wat
76561198095798122,Not Recommended,233250,14281742,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,[PCC] Rolando Cubela,I dont know why but i dont like this game...
76561198047784294,Not Recommended,233250,13897772,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,alfasquad4,Unfortunatley this game was a really big dissapointment...
,Recommended,233250,7760242,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,sc,starcraft on sperical plane(s) hurts my brain
,Not Recommended,233250,29808111,Posted: 9 February,all,I Identify as a Xenomorph,CPU Annihilation
,Not Recommended,233250,16487591,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Daddy Walrus,Absolute turd. This is the game that burned me on early access forever.
76561198043658491,Not Recommended,233250,16772480,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Lag,"No tutorial, AI in first mission has supertech that one-shot pwned everything I built, took me 30 minutes to find patrol button. First time AI pwned me, I said ok, let's find him early and bomb the ♥♥♥♥er... and all his structures fire on my air units, they die before dropping a single bomb, then ♥♥♥♥er builds an actuall aa turret as if he ♥♥♥♥ing needed it.1/10 cuz it actually works, and this is coming from Total Annihilation fan.Do not buy it. Ever. Even for $3 on sale, it's not worth a penny, don't let fun vids deceive you... well, unless you are having fun watching AI♥♥♥♥♥♥you, then it's for you."
76561198072237446,Recommended,233250,16487252,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Snoop Doge,"Ever played Total Annihilation, that horrible old game by Atari?Here it is again, only this time it's ""Planetary.""And not horrible.Buy it on sale if you're considering it, and despite some lag issues (that you can work around) this is a pretty solid game fro something born on Kickstarter.CONS: Long games, lag if your computer isn't that good, price, slow updates by devsPROS: Unique gameplay, good AI, functioning multiplayer, and a well thought out game (even if it is a copy of total annihilation).:/"
76561198056797729,Not Recommended,233250,26898072,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FireFix13,No just no
76561197991915193,Not Recommended,233250,30475640,Posted: 12 March,all,Jekkel,"meh, got bored after 10 hrs or so, and the devs are driving around in lamborghinis laughing at you...."
76561198084240142,Not Recommended,233250,30809183,Posted: 29 March,all,molekel,Uber entertaining hadware requirements. Do you guys have part-time jobs selling air conditioners ? And then they actually believe I would buy the update for this waste of resources.
76561198089533667,Not Recommended,233250,25821024,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Hotchinaboy,Graphic issues
,Not Recommended,233250,8098394,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,IRUNREDLIGHTS,"unfortunately, this game is nothing like its advertised. Forget the planetary travel and moving heavenly bodies into each other. It doesnt happen. AND THAT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE THE WHOLE POINT OF THE GAME. This is basically a poorly designed small economy based war game. Make some factories, set a rally in enemy base and make nonstop units. There are better designed $10 for that."
76561198089954142,Not Recommended,233250,7916198,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,sisco,what a joke even for a beta games wont start cant do jack with it oh and thanks for saying its online only and as for the cost !!! thiefing b@@@@@ds this needs some serious work before it could be called a beta
,Recommended,233250,16476370,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Saul_Myers,"17.06.2015. Game goes on sale, price: 74 rub ($1,3)30.06.2013 I have purchased this game for 2499 rub ($45)I am not a smart man."
76561198092911679,Not Recommended,233250,14303109,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Arc,"i really want to try this game but sadly its so zoomed in i can't click anything to start a game, settings does nothing to help so i'm guessing its a bug."
76561198036548883,Recommended,233250,25876646,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,USMC Veteran,"community dead af, neckbeard losers with no friends should never buy, fun for normal humans"
,Recommended,233250,26328469,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,h0ppin,"The Ku Klux Klan (KKK), or simply ""the Klan"", is the name of three distinct past and present movements in the United States that have advocated extremist reactionary currents such as white supremacy, white nationalism, anti-immigration, and, especially in later iterations, Nordicism,[7][8] anti-Catholicism,[9][10] and antisemitism,[10] historically expressed through terrorism aimed at groups or individuals whom they opposed.[11] All three movements have called for the ""purification"" of American society, and all are considered right wing extremist organizations.[12][13][14][15]The first Klan flourished in the Southern United States in the late 1860s, then died out by the early 1870s. It sought to overthrow the Republican state governments in the South during the Reconstruction Era, especially by using violence against African American leaders. With numerous chapters across the South, it was suppressed around 1871, through federal law enforcement. Members made their own, often colorful, costumes: robes, masks, and conical hats, designed to be terrifying, and to hide their identities.[16][17]The second group was founded in 1915, and flourished nationwide in the early and mid-1920s, particularly in urban areas of the Midwest and West. It was rooted in local Protestant communities and opposed Catholics and Jews, and stressed opposition to the Catholic Church.[18] This second organization adopted a standard white costume and used similar code words as the first Klan, while adding cross burnings and mass parades.The third and current manifestation of the KKK emerged after 1950, in the form of small, local, unconnected groups that use the KKK name. They focused on opposition to the Civil Rights Movement, often using violence and murder to suppress activists. It is classified as a hate group by the Anti-Defamation League and the Southern Poverty Law Center.[19] As of 2016, the Anti-Defamation League puts total Klan membership nationwide at around 3,000 while the Southern Poverty Law Center puts it at 6,000 members total.[20]The second and third incarnations of the Ku Klux Klan made frequent references to America's ""Anglo-Saxon"" blood, hearkening back to 19th-century nativism.[21] Although members of the KKK swear to uphold Christian morality, virtually every Christian denomination has officially denounced the KKK."
,Not Recommended,233250,11990679,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Bozzwtf,"I wanted to like this game so much, but I can't endorse it yet. It has some great ideas, and for that I praise the devs, but it's definitely not ready.Currently having way more fun playing Unturned for free, which is updated WAY more frequently by a 17 year old kid in school. C'MON GUYS."
76561198077842131,Recommended,233250,16475839,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Cman,play with friends
,Not Recommended,233250,30535697,Posted: 15 March,all,vvbudh,.
,Not Recommended,233250,25641578,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Dbug113,SO.MUCH.CRASHES.GO BUY SOMTHING BETTER.I RELALLY WAS EXITED ABOUT THIS GAME AND IT LET ME DOWN SOOOO BAD.DO.NOT.BUY
76561198013237135,Not Recommended,233250,25659654,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Johann Gottfried Piefke,gothic 3 has plainly less bugs than this piece of Religion.
76561198040099778,Not Recommended,233250,15821304,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,coffiblack,This game is not only♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's developers had day 1 DLC. ♥♥♥♥ this game and those who made it.
,Not Recommended,233250,14394134,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,God Bless Jon Mess,"scam, early access ripoffwhy is it out of early access already""special"" commanders cost real moneytries to be a global competitive match-based (dota-esque) game, fails at it miserablystuttering on high-end machinesnever works as intendedno balance, only rushget TA and/or SupCom insteadgood thing I've got it for freeit'll be a waste of money you'll soon regret if you buy it, even while it's on sale"
,Not Recommended,233250,16494128,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,miqo'te,do not buy!
76561198042361702,Not Recommended,233250,16489707,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,DarknessFalls,STOP. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. THE GAME IS A PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥ KILL IT WITH FIRE.
76561198062170245,Not Recommended,233250,8200428,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Detranger,"Havent been ble to even start a game.  I played on mac and it wouldnt launch and on my laptop it gets into lobby and then says that runtime has told it to close in an unusual way.  Dont buy this game until ater along in its developement.  Even though i havent yet, im excited to play this game."
,Not Recommended,233250,7891958,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,SupaH_DopE,"Bought this game for full price thinking id support a good cause but now i see for way cheaper than before what a bust!?!?!Game play is not worth 60$ and probably not worth 45$ on sale. This game has a long way to go to match the RTS gameplay of SC2 and Homeworld, which i believe they are attempting to rip off. I have no idea why I paid for an unfinished game dont make the same mistake."
76561198012730504,Not Recommended,233250,29350221,Posted: 18 January,all,Timeeeey,NO planetary annihilation i bought for 28 ish bucks to ... annihilate planets... Wich you cannot do in this game.In reality you would require a comet the size of a big city to destroy nearly all life on eart even smaller could do. Here you impact a area of the planet the size of a continent yet over half the planet willl be fine.. wich is totally unrealistic.The units are the size of countries or cities and there factories even bigger its a total waste of money no fun as rts or what ever and no fun as to the name should suggest the ability to annihilate planets either for that basic principal or a more of a rts game like for instance supreme commander this game isnt worth its cost at all. Too small maps no annihilation of entire planets complete let down. played it once good and never again.
76561198006833234,Not Recommended,233250,15822228,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,SoundBlaster,Very slow performance on Mac mini 11 - FPS 1-2I know - my mac is not gamer's computer but other game (like X-Com and CS:Source) work fine.
,Recommended,233250,23913838,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,TheBoyWonder(Dr.NigNog),"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing."
,Not Recommended,233250,14292225,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Æpex,"If you buy this, you went full retard.This thing is just unfinished."
76561198032566428,Not Recommended,233250,7996213,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Emagdnim06,"No i do not recommend this game, the game feels wayyyy to cartoony...my personal opinion is that when people that played total annihilation were much younger when it came out. Cartoony graphics were the awesome back then..but now i am going to be 26 and i want realism..I love the concept of the game but really really really hate the art work.Soo needless to say i am extremely disappointed, guess i will have to wait to see there will be a 2nd Planetary Annihilation and hope they improve the graphics from the cartoon theme."
76561198044582118,Not Recommended,233250,14745875,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Rider of Black,no
76561198178448077,Not Recommended,233250,29640208,Posted: 1 February,all,alibabba3000,AWFUL! I have a top-of-the-line ASUS and this game still lags even when on lowest settings
76561198009346458,Not Recommended,233250,28739730,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Wright1331,"Complete Rubish, Dont waste your time... this game doesnt even deserve a 3 sentence review."
,Not Recommended,233250,8260065,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Tim the Enchanter,"The game is buggy with an mouse problem. The game also have issues with fps and will crash when you alt tab. Personally, I was looking for rts I could love but this isn't it."
,Not Recommended,233250,7894619,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Cole,"Its an alright game, I wouldn't recommend it but it has its fun points."
76561198028314958,Not Recommended,233250,24419363,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,TheMightyCM,meh
76561198008749389,Not Recommended,233250,13656182,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,[GRVTS]Fat Bastard,"Don't smell it, don't look at it, don't even fart in it's direction.I only have to say a few things to get my point across I had to force restart my game 2 times to close it because it always stops responding whenever I try to play with a friend 0/10 that's my rating I wouldn't get this game even if it were free."
76561198041212829,Not Recommended,233250,7955538,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,WeemanXXX (DMGaming),Just keeps crashing Refund please
,Not Recommended,233250,7990189,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,SuperFan,blows
,Recommended,233250,23884646,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,nore,👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good♥♥♥♥♥♥go౦ԁ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats ✔ some good👌♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right👌👌th 👌 ere👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my selｆ 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠＯOOＯOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;
76561198071170067,Not Recommended,233250,28266928,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,QISGOD1,It sucks
76561198051753752,Not Recommended,233250,7771099,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Flinty,"Spam vehicule/air factories, that's about it..Boring..."
76561198110814986,Not Recommended,233250,16476060,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Orphan Crippler,noop
76561197998360354,Recommended,233250,12039897,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Damson Wolfgang,"Why not buy it, are you still thinking about it while readin this? CLICK THE DAMNED BUTTON!"
76561198049834796,Not Recommended,233250,5442509,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Tywin Lannister,"When I first saw this game it was shown with fantastic features such as smashing moons into planets and it was also advertisted as a beta. When i first bought the game - for a whopping 60 odd pounds - I waited anxiously for it to download, but not to my expectance the game was far from how it was portraid. The game had very few features, the graphics were lacking (I have a Titan Processor and 32GB comp) and also it was in god dam alpha! Not beta. Never since have i gave it a chance (i guess a bit like Rome Total War Two, exept that was advertised as fully finished!). So from my large negative experince with this game I hate it with a passion, but what makes me hate it even more is that is is HALF the price of when I bought it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!My reccomendation is simple: Dont buy it"
,Not Recommended,233250,8416949,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,--Nekros--,Heres how to ruin a very promising game in 5 easy steps1. Open a kickstarter with the promise of making a spiitual successor to Total Annihilation.2. Release the game for 90$ on steam early access.3. Make it online only initially.4. Hold back promised content and release it as a standalone expansion because money.5. Be Uber.
76561198087392785,Recommended,233250,12362451,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Letoz,"Uselles on Linux, what abbout a strategy game that you cannot see the mouse cursor and the health bars?""Just bug on open source graphics drivers"""
76561197970595465,Not Recommended,233250,9366197,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Papa Mazdamundi,"""Its an obvious WIP, but with that said, its still one of the more elegant RTS games ive played.""Thats what I wrote back when this was still in early days. Back when I assumed they would finish the game. Back when I assumed they wouldnt just say ""screw it,"" declare it done, then make an identical game with more content and all the bug fixes and sell it at full price even to those of us who bought the original game.Shame. Its not half bad, either."
76561198022993628,Recommended,233250,9284310,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Cleffi,"yes, but dont buy now. When the beta is over BUY"
,Recommended,233250,9062821,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Магистр Любушка,Its very good game!!!!!
,Recommended,233250,8570711,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Zaccarato,"This is a new step for the RTS genre and really proves that it is not dying.Unlike many other RTS games, you have never truly lost until your commander dies. You can launch him into orbit and start a new base on another planet, and later rain hell in the form of crashing whole moons into your old world. The potential is endless.If you like RTS games, this should be a sure fire buy for you. If not, this game is also relatively simplistic to pick up and learn, in comparison to, lets say, Starcraft 2.However, the major downside to this game is the price. £40.00 (I'm guessing somewhere in the region of $65.00 for you yanks) is far too steep, especially for a game still in beta which raised $2.2 million on kickstarter.Another slight problem is that the units are pretty basic and lack the complexity featured in other RTS games. (You have your    Scout, AA and Tank and that is basically it for ground units) However, this could also be regarded as a feature as it makes actual skill be the decider in battles, either that or who has the most units. ;)All in all, I highly recommend this game, however, I understand if it's price puts you off buying it."
76561197976468692,Recommended,233250,8571070,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Fornax,This game is what I have been waiting for since Supreme Commander Forged Alliance.  The game is BETA so it means they are still building the game so you must be forgiving of its bugs.  Still the game is heaps of fun and playing on world instead of flat battlefield brings whole new dynamic to the RTS genre.
76561198031072126,Recommended,233250,8573599,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,spearsinajar,Very good so far. it crashed a bit but im assuming that is because it is a beta and a save feature would be a good idea
76561197995009849,Recommended,233250,8580617,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Dannyboy,Reminds me  a lot about total annihilation and I was a big fan of that game so this one is even better. thumbs up!
,Recommended,233250,8583725,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,[21Tac] Hornet,This game is AMAZING I love playing it. A bit hard at first but as you play a little you learn to get it and it is AWESOME!!!!! A lttle buggy at first but it is an Early-Acces game so join the discussions to make the game better. It willbe released soon. I got it for $45 and it is worth it but I don't know if it's worth $60
76561197964283103,Recommended,233250,8585317,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Xhondoh,Fun game.  Nuke your friends
,Recommended,233250,8590258,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Chai,"This game is a great reminder of how good RTS games can be, it really brings back the good old days of Red Alert 1 and Starcraft. With massive amounts of gameplay and even more to come, i can not wait to see what the final product is going to be like!"
,Recommended,233250,8591334,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,[QLtC]Nibbsy,"Desperately needs a pause button. Or a ♥♥♥♥ing save.I feel I'd love it, but I can never play for longer than half an hour before I need to use the toilet or answer the door or something."
76561198115072937,Not Recommended,233250,10270055,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Roger,"The performance requirements for this game are restrictive to all but the high-end computers. I have a 4 GB RAM, duo core machine and most of the time the game freezes on the ""low"" graphics setting.Maybe when they fix this and the server lag issue it will be worth paying $50 for it. Until then I would spend my money on another game."
76561198012542872,Recommended,233250,10270371,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Khalgast,"I love this game, but If you actually make a game without unit limits, be sure the game can actually handle the amount of units it has. Always when I am 30 minutes into the game it starts having extreme lag. I have a Asus ROG G750JX-TB71 Notebook, I should not be lagging at all especially on low settings. I dont know if this is the same issue for multiplayer, I wanted to learn about the games mechanics first through single player.  I would like to see a fix for this in anyway that would make the game not completely freeze after an hour of play time. Thanks, I'm looking forward to fixes and other updates in the future."
,Recommended,233250,10218563,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,You tuched my chocolates,10?10 this game is ♥♥♥♥ing AMAZING
76561198067756186,Recommended,233250,10234598,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,General Butt Naked,"For early access, ♥♥♥♥ING FUN!! Kinda laggy do.... like ALOTPlanetary Annihilations is almost done now... and ever since the Galactic war update I was astonished on how far PA got... I remember when this game couldn't even load graphics for a moon... now you can go to other stars!! If you are gamer who likes Intense Real time strategy, tactical blow em all up games then this the game for you!! Warning though... This game may not take a lot of space but it will take alot of power to run... I have AMD Radeon Hd series 7000 something and I am still having trouble... But it works for most of the time and it is worth the costWhat my Mind thinks : 12/10 for early accessWhat my critic side of me thinks : 8/10 still alot of bugs needing to be dealt with and performance issues but I found my self playing for hours on end with this game!!"
,Recommended,233250,10240666,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Typomation Animation,"Its cool, but for £40 when I got it a was a huge letdown. Its slightly better now but with not so many servers in the UK. Overall, you should get it for the singleplayer."
,Recommended,233250,10319553,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Doctor Breadfish,This game has tons of potential but is sadly limited due to it being in gamma. Don’t let that fact turn you away this is still a great title and has lots of promising things to come in the near future. It has a nice feel and the new single player in the game is such a great idea and the way the put it together is just seamless. There is lots of bugs but what can you expect from a new game. They are constantly updating it and fixing bugs every week. I was glad I spent my money on this when I did because I have watched this game grow in many great directions. It is a bit hard to get playing but once you get a feel for it you will be off to the races. Who doesn’t want to ram smaller planets into big ones??
,Recommended,233250,10323998,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,ewalk493,"Do you like Total Annihilation? Do you remember how fun TA was/is?If so, buy this now and don't look back."
,Recommended,233250,10233603,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Samthousand,"This game is totally radical, I reccommend it to everyone, or at least I would if it weren't so damn expensive. Luckily, I caught it during a steam sale so I got it for a good price.The only bad thing about this game is that the longer the game goes on, the more likely it is for your game to freeze/crash. This has happened to me many times during matches, and makes me very upset.This game is great, but wait for the price to drop and the servers to be updated( or something, I don't know how that♥♥♥♥♥♥works.)"
76561197996621191,Recommended,233250,10234363,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Wolfenstyne,"Fun concepts, but as of right now the game is unplayable due to optimization and lag issues. Once they have this stuff fixed I'm sure it will be a fun game, but I really don't see this game being playable within the year. I get that it's ""Gamma"" but it feels very far away from being a release state game."
76561198108924303,Not Recommended,233250,10181107,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,McNukems,"What a rip off, so many issuses where to start. Dont even fit on my screen with no settings to fix it. SO SAD FOR 50$"
76561198006899983,Not Recommended,233250,10234580,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Jim_hatama,TA much better
,Recommended,233250,10234659,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Resredunt,"Only played 2 hours, with my friends in a free for all, got nukes and a large army going! SuddenlyI get hit in the face by a moon and lose 10/10 amazing game, looks beautiful so much fun to play with a couple of friends. BUT WATCH OUT FOR THOSE FREAKING MOONS!"
,Recommended,233250,9416575,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Mauru,"While still in beta (yes, they call it gamma, but there are still a lot of rough edges) this is exactly the rts I was waiting for.The planet mechanics (not necessarily the planet-""smashing"" as much as the fact that you are playing on round maps instead of a flat surface) are what make this stand out and the focus on macro-strategy instead of micromanaging individual units and their actives mean that tactical wits > clicks per second.Matches last somewhere between 30 minutes to an hour so it is ""casual""-friendly, though there definately is a learning curve if you don't have any experience with its ancestors (forged alliance, total annihilation).Highly recommendable, even in its current state."
,Recommended,233250,9417823,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Nitr0s,I highly reccomend this game
,Recommended,233250,9418855,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Floormidabel,awsum
76561198012381790,Recommended,233250,9424251,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,sT,really cool rts game
76561198026052963,Recommended,233250,9435222,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,MrBlair,"very impressive game, to also include original idea which is fairly hard to come by in the RTS group of games.  Aside from Starcraft 2, this is my next favorite game!"
76561198061782685,Recommended,233250,9439854,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,cagletheboss,Awesome interplannetary Strategy Game.
76561198055579772,Recommended,233250,9440211,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,WilkoSon23,"Quality game, I would recommend this game to everyone, especially if you played sup. commander or total annihilation"
,Recommended,233250,9444211,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,yogadoo,"Its pretty fun, but hard to get used to if you're used to playing RTS games like Starcraft, which isnt really a bad thing it just makes the game more unique and fun."
76561198044142984,Recommended,233250,9447457,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Jewish Lepper,This game is hectic antiseptic
,Recommended,233250,9460470,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,RGboomer,Great game! highly recommended
,Recommended,233250,9460795,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Jorhies,"The scale of this game is incredible. You can control thousands of individual units at once, easily. THOUSANDS. Grand strategy like this normally takes all day to play, but game-ending moves like crashing planets into each other keep matches from lasting more than an hour, and break stalemates quickly. Early game build orders are still a thing, but it's not a APM race like Starcraft. The game is so well balanced though that there are lots and lots of viable strategies. Just watch out for the occasional glitch, especially when it comes to troop transport between planets. It's still early access, but it's definitely playable."
,Not Recommended,233250,9464348,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Paper Titan,"I bought this game when it was on sale. It only made me sad i paid so much for a supreme commander game. Sure, it has slightly different function but not by much. I'll wait until the game has officially released, but what im seeing right now doesn't instill faith in my purchase at all."
,Recommended,233250,9468781,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Echo,"Absolutely, i would recommend this game. outstanding viuals, music, functionality, intuition, and overall design. over all 10/10. it excells at everything it was ever meant to be and its not even done yet."
,Recommended,233250,9471334,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,ℜ͉̈́ц͎̇﹩̭̈́ℌ͉̽¥89,Its Supreme Commander on an interplannetary scale. Surely worth a look see.
76561198026886445,Recommended,233250,10413854,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,CC Kill Kid,"most of the games I buy on Steam I don't even play - this is my first early access game and it is plain great! There are issues, but if you were a Total Annihilation fan back in the day then just get this! It's TA and mario galaxy in one game!Issues - mostly the server lags, so often even in single player games you might drop to .5 fps or less. (I have an i7 hexa-something and 64 gb ram and an nvidia 780 or something) Yet, I kept playing. Through the lag. That is weird.Issues - It's unfinished so probably will get so much better. I've only owned it since the galactic war update and already they've added in an improved version with harder AI (AI gets predictable though)Issues - I imagine we would have a finished game already if it wasn't early access. You pay to slow the process down no doubt."
,Recommended,233250,10415024,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,"Minty ""Jazz Hands"" Fresh",Hardest RTS to date.11/10 would lose again.
,Recommended,233250,10047906,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,JayKM,The best RTS game since Supreme Commander!
,Recommended,233250,10048012,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Blossom,YOU CAN SMASH MOONS INTO PLANETS!
76561198073846065,Recommended,233250,10070644,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Ghosting,Utterly brilliant. Definatly worth the £30. Easy to grasp and once you do this game becomes insanely fun!
76561198114106848,Recommended,233250,10105328,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,cradicone420,"For fans of Supreme Commander, this game is right up your ally. The presentation is epic and gorgeous and aways evolving. Understand the game is still in development, but these guys are doing a hell of a job. The price tag is steep for a game not finished BUT this team are doing something so ambitious in scale thats the RTS community will be forever changed once its released in it's finished form."
,Recommended,233250,7696420,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Zeblackbaron,"Planetary Annihilation is has come a ♥♥♥♥ing MASSIVE ♥♥♥♥ing long way, and it is a game you really should get.. Annihilate planets with steroids, moons, other planets, nuke the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of other players.. its like Supreme Commander and Total Annihilation.. but better, much much better... and you can once again ANNIHILATE PLANETS!!   >:)"
,Recommended,233250,7632889,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,mrunbelievable,wicked epic game
,Recommended,233250,9278063,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,SullSteez,So much fun! If you love RTS's you would missing out by not playing this.
76561198055591522,Recommended,233250,9283647,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Mr. Dammitz,"So far, so good.  Am pretty annoyed that it's 40% (29.99) now, when i spent $49.99 on it last week."
76561197979931206,Not Recommended,233250,9285158,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,SgtCupCake,"Very disappointed in game so far. Extremely unpolished UI, and I can't even get it to start a normal match. This game needs a lot of polish and QA before i could begin to recommend it. Also thought it relevant to mention i have over 1500hrs in SupCom2 and about as many in SupCom1"
,Recommended,233250,9285702,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,sk9f@st,Supreme Commander on a galactical scale. 10/10
76561198039465054,Recommended,233250,9286179,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Numeky,"damn it I just payed 100.00 usd for 2 copys 1 for me and 1 for my friend now its on sale.. good game and lots of fun.,,, I want tons of diff types of units to play with and a sweet tech tree to climb"
,Recommended,233250,9286412,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Arur,"I never had the chance to play the original game, but I can tell you that I've greatly enjoyed playing this game as it's a very different way to play an RTS game. The planet maps are a game changing and cause you to have to think up new strategies you don't normally see in a traditional RTS game. It's frequently updated and overall a great time."
,Recommended,233250,9287801,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Swole Control,"Apart from the expected bugs, the gameplay is interesting. Unfortunately the inability to save your games is non-existant at the moment, so I have been unable to complete a full game and smash a moon into the enemy AI. Maybe i'll get there one day."
,Recommended,233250,9288144,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Bovine Joni [VC],"Great RTS by some of the guys who made Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander. It takes gameplay mechanics more from TA than SupCom, for example the buildings dont upgrade themselves, you have to build builders to make the next tier of stuff. The scale is absolutely massive, being able to use entire planets and moons to house your armies and bases (you can even use asteroids as weapons). If you're looking for a classic RTS experience, look no further. This is pure base building, unit spamming fun (no unit cap). Highly Recommended."
,Recommended,233250,9289052,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,}TOG{ Magi,Very unhappy I just bought this game 8 days ago and paid full price and now it is 40% offnice way to punish early adopters!!
,Recommended,233250,9292599,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,White,"I have to say, one of the best games I have ever played, and I have played alot of games. This is a game that takes time and concentration, you have to be able to spot the fast moving spyplane flying over your base. You have to know how to strike the enemy efficently... Just buy it for yourself and dont plan on doing anything else all day!"
76561198029742615,Recommended,233250,9294566,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,(Kosic),the BEST strategy game i've played
,Recommended,233250,9294917,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Tinkle Buns,"Incredibly fun game. The AI needs a little work, but for a game that is still in beta, i am very impressed."
,Recommended,233250,9295714,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,QuasiQubit,If you've played T:A or SupCom you're going to like this.Fun game.
76561198072433711,Recommended,233250,9296492,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Saturn,A great example of a game that really shot for the moon and landed among the stars!
76561198043457790,Recommended,233250,9300367,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Ленин,just an awesome game
76561197970515347,Recommended,233250,9300597,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Godshand13,"Awesome Game!  Huge battles, planetary conquest, and solid look."
,Not Recommended,233250,9301124,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,The MiniMan Known As JohnnyD,"Maybe it's because this game is in ""Gamma"" (Seriously? Who the ♥♥♥♥ has ever had a game in GAMMA?) But I suck at it and it sucks. I'm only playing against the AI (Which unless I'm blind has no difficulty setting) and I'm getting ♥♥♥♥ing wrecked. My forces are a pain to control, the GUI is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and doesnt feed back info well, I take the effort to build up a few tanks and then somehow without me knowing it the enemy flies by and blows them up...AND THEY DIDNT SHOOT BACK? WHY? I TOLD them too. Why cant I organize my forces better? As in, select all tanks? I feel like I really got suckered into buying this steaming pile of Gamma. A good tutorial would be nice, and this thing needs some heavy design adjustments. This game reminded me why I hate RTS games."
76561197965013783,Recommended,233250,9304106,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,-=FFF=- 8BALL,"rts must have and raven its in gamma now 20 pound two, from the total annihilation team what more needs to be said if youre a rts fan this has to be in youre collection"
76561198030781387,Recommended,233250,9304503,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,John Wick's Car,"Me and my friend bought it a few months ago when it was 39.99 and started playing it properly, multiplayer, about one month ago. Buy it buy it buy it!Multiplayer with freinds is chaotic and fun as hell, however AI is currently ridculously good so expect to be destroyed if you play with them. Now that its on sale, you'd be hard done by to find a better strategy/utter destruction game better than this."
,Recommended,233250,9305600,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Maxamus456,BEST RTS EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Sadly i think i broke the server me and my freind were playing on(everything just froze we could still look around just nothing was moving)....1000+ units going through teleports best day ever!
76561198007187961,Recommended,233250,9305993,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,J3w Jitsu,So F*%king epic.
,Not Recommended,233250,9306431,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Falkkon,"I've played the TA series since I was a kid and loved the gameplay. It was simple (only 2 resources which streamed) and yet the depth that one could achieve with various strategies was excellent. Long-range bombardment in TA became an amazing defense. Back when TA was new, I caught the AI probing various parts of my defense (or seeming to), later hammering on my weak spots.PA feels like a micromanagement zerg rush. I don't mind being under constant attack, but I could still go back into TA and play an hour-long game and feel twitchy from adrenalin afterwards. Yes, I realize that the game is (very) unfinished at the ""Gamma"" (wtf?) stage. No campaigns, no depth, graphics are poor at best, run poorly at best, unit variety is low to nil.Defend until you can build advanced factory and pump out units the entire time. Win! Not my idea of a TA game. I would rather play X-BTF than this."
,Recommended,233250,9306707,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,HornyPlatypus,its really fun. although it has quite a way to go its potential is amazing
76561198029109358,Recommended,233250,9309882,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,alphanerd2,Yesz! much good
76561198052888052,Recommended,233250,9310819,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Tenebrae,Great RTS game that gives you suprising amount of complexity9/10would wait till its finished though.
76561198017088749,Not Recommended,233250,9310868,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,dexterp,This game isn't ready for mass consumption. I bought the game and haven't been able to play once yet. I was able to join a game once but it hung. Now there is  a bug that won't allow me to join at all.I'd like my money back if it can't be fixed.
76561198070901213,Not Recommended,233250,9310963,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Percyzoo,"I am utterly dissappointed in planetary annihilation!!! I have waited and put soo much trust into this game as I bought it when it was full price in pre alpha on steam (£60+), and it is still sooo unfinished and disappointing, It still isnt at the stage they were suggesting 6months ago back in August. if you are truely going to put money into this wait another 6months until they sort ourt the multiplayer as there is no real single player, so you can play with your friends as you seem to need to add steam friends again! Which seems pretty much impossible, as we dont understand what a unidex. Why invent a brand new login system that is utterly useless and cannot add your friends, which you already have!!!"
76561197994102151,Not Recommended,233250,9311224,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Nickodeemus,Why does my game against AI disconnect when my internet drops? Its not like I'm playing against an internet opponent.  Why did I pay for this game if i can't play it when the internet is down?
,Not Recommended,233250,9311503,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Zaerog,"DO NOT BUY STEAM VERSION! Go tohttps://store.uberent.com/Store/PreOrder?titleId=4and purchase your game there!The reason for this is simple: if you actually enjoy the game and want to upgrade your account to a higher tier, steam users are not allowed to and you have to buy the full game AGAIN.Also if you like Supcom 1 you will love this game. It is already in a great state and being able to colonize different planets in a single game simply sets PA apart from other RTS games out there.Also a little fun fact: The Commander silhouette used on the title art is actually the Delta Commander, which you have only access to if you do upgrade your account. Which means steam users have no way to access him unless you buy the game twice.If you like RTS, it's a must buy. Just DO NOT BUY IT ON STEAM."
76561198049936257,Recommended,233250,9312074,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,falconseye97,It's fun once you fix the crashing problem.
,Recommended,233250,9312104,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,iDeserveACookie,One of the most fun non-competitive Real time strategy of all time.
,Recommended,233250,9313546,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Donofgames,"I am not a big fan of RTS games...or at least I wasn't. I was always overwhelmed by trying to maintain so many ""moving parts"" and usually just found them not to be fun. That said, Planetary Annihilation has made be into a fan of genre. At the time of the review, it is currently in beta, that said the game offers many hours of great fun. Some of my most fun moments have been trying to build a large force on one planet, while secretly creating a hidden army on a nearby moon. With the ability to travel to distant moons, planets, and satillites to establish colonies and surprise your enemies the game creates an intense atmosphere of action and excitement for the player.One of my favorite aspects of the game is it's soundtrack. The music is dynamic and lively, making the large scale land, sea, and air battles burst with excitement. The live studio recordings really help bring the game to life in a way that I think electronic music would fail to do so.Overall, I'm extremely excited to see how this game grows and develops. I highly recommend this game and experiencing it for yourself to fully appreciate its magic."
76561198072700725,Recommended,233250,9313919,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Darkseid,"I've owned the game for a few days now, it definitely has its strong points and weak points. (AS OF GAMMA BUILD 62110)Let's start with what's good about the game. The music in this game is fan-flipping-tastic. Blasting Classical while I launch nuclear missiles at my enemies is very satisfying. I'm also really enjoying the graphics. Just imagine the cartoon-ish graphics of Team Fortress 2 except in space. That is what Planetary Annihilation looks like. All the core mechanics of the game are there, and there patches launched quite often.However the game has several substantial flaws. First, and probably most important, the game has absolutely no offline mode whatsoever. You MUST have internet connection to play the game. I personally have terrible internet connection, in matches the game will often pause for a few seconds due to internet speed. Second, the game crashes. ALOT. As in if you so much as look at the game it stops responding. Joining a game is quite glitchy, as I often get booted from the Join Menu. Some of the games you join will cause the game to crash.Pros:-Amazing soundtrack-Good graphics-Reasonable performance on relatively low-end computers-Planet SmashingCons:-So many crashes-Requires internet connection-AI is a bit aggressive, even on Easy"
,Recommended,233250,9314817,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Mnemonicx,"Ok, what a great game.  Finally something worth playing.  If you love TA get it now.  Would love to see some super weapons in the future like the krogath etc.  Orbital defense is pretty cool, have yet to push an asteroid/planet into someones base yet...  but it happened to me today... lol, wild."
76561198079366529,Recommended,233250,9315030,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Grief Inc.,so good......... Nothing matches the feeling of throwing a moon at your friend's face. 150/2
,Recommended,233250,9315374,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Cock Blocula,♥♥♥♥♥ the ♥♥♥♥
76561198068380332,Recommended,233250,9315679,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Zedell,"Build DESTROY build DESTROY build oh look now i can move my ENTIRE PLANET...get this game, contribute to the amazingness, find out why ramming somebody with another planet is the best feeling ever."
,Recommended,233250,9315995,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Seal,'That's no moon. It's a space station.' That is all.
,Recommended,233250,9316750,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Catbat,"I did not think i was going to enjoy the game as its early access, but wow i was wrong. i cant stop playing it, even though i cant win a game.I just love the idea that you ar on a planet and can move to another."
76561197989247340,Recommended,233250,9320352,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Szpillmann,i has issues but minor
76561198045489533,Recommended,233250,9320568,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,MechanicusNox,THe only strategy i play anymore
,Recommended,233250,9321819,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Vrosen,This game is mindbowing! When you first start you will feel like an idiot but once you've learned the basics you can really have fun.
76561198026604082,Recommended,233250,9322282,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Sthree,Very good game just played few minutes but lets roll :)
,Recommended,233250,9322437,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Elvinkiller,"amazing game,great grafics,great for playin with friends"
76561198070798187,Recommended,233250,9323748,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,jappleby,"I have been watching this game for a very long time and always thought I would love it but the price of admission was simply too high for my budget. A recent sale on Steam convinced me to grab it and now wonder why I waited so long! I mean this has proven to be one of the most enjoyeable games I have played to date..I admit without a reference manual there is a lot to learn about the gameplay but thanks to many who have created ""lets play"" videos I have quickly gotten up to speed so well in fact I have been able to beat the AI on normal (albeit a lil luck as I was being overwhelmed). While it is still in development do not be dissuaded...it is worth every penny..I think even at the normal $50 price!"
,Recommended,233250,9324046,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Big Boy Braeden,Not bad but the gameplay video is NOT how it is at all. It's ♥♥♥♥ing difficult.
,Recommended,233250,9324120,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,(excited for halloween),It's been a while since I last played a base-builder like this.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥was I missing out.This game is so much fun.
,Recommended,233250,9324638,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,El Presedente Beatus,"Very fun game, kind of like supreme commander but on a galatic scale. Smashing moons   into your enemies is infidently more satisfying than nuking them to oblivion. The game is buggy, but what do you expect from a beta game? Overall, this game is a must have!"
,Recommended,233250,9325039,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Killer,"One of the hardest games I've ever played. Not for the lighthearted. It's really friggin confusing, and really friggin difficult. But if you get the hang of it I assume it's really fun! I'm trying."
,Recommended,233250,9325435,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Alenori,Great RTS Game for the money!
76561198000611257,Recommended,233250,9326401,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,PHILTHY,WAy cool rts!!!
,Recommended,233250,9348593,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,[242nd] DarkKlown,"Ok ladies and gentlemen, Here's my 2 cents.If you liked Total Annihilation, and it's expansions.If you Liked Supreme Commander and it's expansions.If you felt like you got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the butt with the release of Supreme Commander 2.Then THIS is the GAME for you!Who needs experimentals when I can send an asteroid, or small moon to annihilate my enemy.Nukes? Got um! Air force? Got it! Navy??? Got it!! Send in the tiny bots to distract, while your main tank division slices up their rear? Come on, you know what I'm gonna say... ITS GOT IT!I implore you to give this one a go, you won't be let down.My current gripes, which are going to be addressed before release:1:) Can't save single player skirmishes.2:) Can't pause the game.3:) Don't understand how to go back and resume play using Chrono-Cam <my fault>Enjoy!"
76561198020094667,Recommended,233250,9349603,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,DrNiemann,I've had it for about a week now and still haven't been able to play a full game without crashing.. Looks great if the servers would stop crashing maybe I could explore farther buuuut...
76561197983097113,Recommended,233250,9349637,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,4allya,Its a lot like TA
,Recommended,233250,9350867,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Polar,"Great game, but a bit expensive and a few bugs. Overall pretty good."
76561198020993351,Recommended,233250,9351987,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,TheValleyHatter,"This game is epic in every sense of the word. The battles are epic, the scale of the map is epic (it's a solar system) and the learning curve is epic (expect the AI to to beat you down before you've even started making units for a while) but after you learn the best way to play the game it is immense fun."
,Recommended,233250,9352634,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Dedpul,"The game is pretty well done even though I think it´s still lacking a more intuitive control panel and a little bit more speed for most of the units. Furthermore you still have the quite strong feeling of playing an unfinished game.In short it got a lot of potential, which may bloom. If not it´d be sad."
,Recommended,233250,9352885,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Errorin Bluescreen,Best RTS I have ever played.Lives up to it name in every possible way. Fast paced great units.One of the few games I can say 10/10 without a single doubt in my mind.Have fun Annhihilating Planets!
76561198064261881,Recommended,233250,9353587,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Mystrostar,"Brilliant strategy game on a rediculous scaleRuns really well on my less than average gaming PC, as it's well optimisedDefinately worth the moneyAlso EXPLOSIONS! Whats not to like?"
76561198037550991,Recommended,233250,9354320,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,M A T i X,I solved the key problem:http://uberent.com/KS/FindMyPledgeThe game looks really great. The perfomance is for my feeling at this state a little bit slow - that's ok because it's beta.I think the game will be awesome...
,Recommended,233250,9355365,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,FattyQ,"Wow, I originally wrote a no i wouldnt recommend this game, but since I bought this game there has be 3 updates to work on fixing it. Not sure if that is normal, but I am impressed that they are woring so hard to get it prefected. It is going to be a very fun game when completed, and it isnt bad now, just needs some fixes."
76561197998652335,Recommended,233250,9355684,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,LiquidN2,"Imagine the original Total Annihilation with updated graphics, throw in the pace of Supreme Commander 2, and add the ability to jump between PLANETS instead of areas on a single map, and you have PA.  This is my impression from the 30+ minutes that I have spent so far on this game.  The beta/gamma version still needs a lot of polish (and a single player campaign) before it goes live, but in its current state I would say it is a great game to play with friends.  The AI is a little bit hard on Normal mode, so try out Easy or Sandbox mode till you get used to it."
,Recommended,233250,9356704,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Lord Toranaga,For Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander fans!
76561198102557605,Recommended,233250,9356711,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,RedLid3,Even when unfinished its a great game you will get lost in. The gameplay is fantastic but there are still useful features that could be implemented. All in all if you like RTS games you'll love this.
,Recommended,233250,9357338,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Killgore,"This game is early-access, and obviously still missing many features. Also, oviously, the price is rather steep for an early-access game. I am pretty picky about how I allocate my precious gaming time and would generally rather wait for a complete, polished experience rather than gradually experiencing a slew of game/balance altering improvements over time.Nevertheless, this is the first early-access game that I have continued to play for more than a few minutes. It is very functional and the gameplay feels solid. There is certainly still a long way to go, but the product available at the moment is arguably worth the price, especially with the recent drop. Of course, if you aren't as big of a Total Annihilation nut as I was (or just want a complete game) then it might be more worthwhile to wait until it is out of early access."
76561198043551063,Recommended,233250,9358175,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,ShuterMage,Outstanding and unique RTS sized in a galaxy scale! Amazing graphics and gmeplay at such an early state. Amazing music and sound effects. Unique gameplay mechanics and stategy varieties! Amazing game!
,Recommended,233250,9358485,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,demonh8,"I like it!!!! Obviously this game is still in development, but the concept is great, and the gameplay is quite challenging. I'm not yet sure if it is the same developers of Supreme Commander, however the design and feel is similar, and I think the final product is going to awesome!"
,Recommended,233250,9360044,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Mc_Duff,"Supreme commander style game allowing you to move onto new planets to spread the combat. Really good fun and challenging game. A few bugs as in early access, well worth it for the PVP action!"
,Recommended,233250,9360183,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,integrii,"Great, great great RTS.  Buy it!"
,Recommended,233250,9360569,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Petah,"Buggy and unpolished as hell, but still worth it."
,Recommended,233250,9360800,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Kinetic,Get it! its amazing!
,Recommended,233250,9365725,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,rinzler161,"RTS games are amazing, and this one is no exception.  I love the idea of traveling to multiple planets and annihilating your opponents."
,Recommended,233250,9620581,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,NIPPLE,I dont know if I like because I  CANT FRACKING PLAY IT!!!!!!!      >:(
76561198080163991,Recommended,233250,9623930,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Ramanbarfs,"Still in development, but already awesome! It takes RTS to the next level. Totally raised by community and made by very talented veterans, Planetary Annihilation represents the next generation of game industry: independent, giant scale, super moddable and f**kin' AWESOME!"
76561198062628814,Recommended,233250,9625412,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,MisforMitch,Planetary Annihilation is a very fun game. Just have a good graphics card and it is fun.
76561198000523865,Recommended,233250,9632309,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,datoorion,damn good rts work in grogress
76561198072940906,Recommended,233250,9636679,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Spots1000,"A highly chaotic stragey game that involves battles on the scale of whole solar systems. A very intense experince, and tactics that are very hard to learn and difficult to execute alone, even against the AI. Overall a great game, can't wait for the final version."
,Recommended,233250,9645621,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Sandboxx-LittleEhret101,this game remindes me of supremme comander but is set to unlimited on every aspect of the game
,Recommended,233250,9646731,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Crazy Haze,Never liked Strategy games before this one....
,Recommended,233250,9651172,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Conscript,If you're into Total Annihilation or Supreme Commander
76561198083428028,Recommended,233250,9653769,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,TerriblyTipsy,I love this game. I was a huge fan of supreme commander so this game feels right at home. Granted it is still a little rough around the edges but updates are coming out on a regularly. I see great promise for the future of Planetary Annihilation and though the price tag is a little high I feel  good to know Im helping out to further develop this fantastic title.
76561198063654848,Recommended,233250,9653853,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,SLEEPY,this game is good but they need to work on a lot of thing like the boat glich. they also neeed to work on bring things from the trailer to the game its self and one more thing there needs to be more unit types so you can just tanks and planes to win a fight(halo wars) is a good example. but in total this is a prity good game for it being in altha right now.
,Recommended,233250,9661620,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,catsblackapplez,This game is awesome.9/10.
76561198043076089,Recommended,233250,9673381,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Ricefield Marauder,Fun RTS that lasts a long time and has you hooked for hours.
,Recommended,233250,9690034,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Apache,"This is a pretty fun and interesting game, I can see a big potential for it. I don't know of it is worth $49.99 though. Also come full release I would like to see single-player/offline gameplay so you don't constently have to be playing online and draining your internet speed."
76561198059679470,Recommended,233250,9704876,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Olycius,Best RTS game I've ever played. Only game that I look foward to the updates because the game just keeps getting better and better.
,Recommended,233250,9707059,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,RedFoxHound,"When the multiplayer bugs are fixed, and we have galatic Wars. 9/10"
76561198063395166,Recommended,233250,9725430,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Jan,Amazing large scale RTS!
,Recommended,233250,9731144,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Alex,"I have not noticed any performance issues with the game so far and have played in systems with up to ten AI spread across 4 planets, a bunch of moons and asteroids.it's ♥♥♥♥in rad. accidentally nuked my army, bots overran my base, crashed big ♥♥♥♥off asteroid into planet and divided by one to win the game 100/10 would 1/0 again"
76561198008186306,Recommended,233250,9738613,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Power Drain,"As of this review, I would certainly recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of Supreme Commander 2. Even though the game has quite a few number of glitches, it can be both played and enjoyed.Pros:Dozens of units to build and combat with.Various types of long range artillery.You can crash meteors into planets, killing everything on the planet.You can use satellites to fight from the atmosphere.Jump planet to planet.Dozens of structures to build and use.Neutral:Graphics are rather simplistic.Two kinds of resources to gather.The game's units work on a rock-paper-scissors kind of fighting.Defensive players may find their defences easily overwhelmed from attacks on all sides.If the commander dies, you lose.Cons:There still are a number of glitches that may detract from your experiance, but overall, these are more annoying than game breaking.Game is still in development, so features may be added or taken away later on.Unit/building descriptions leave a lot to be desired."
,Recommended,233250,9747189,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Soviet Penguin,"Are you one of those people who just want to watch the world burn?Well I know I am, and if you are to then you should buy this game!"
,Recommended,233250,10006835,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,LunarHalo69,"An extremely fun RTS with a good unit variance and building options, however it still remains limited. With that said it is still Early Access and I love playing this game, it feels as if it embodies what the core of any RTS should be, while putting a Planetary Annihilation texture and color pattern to give the game a unique experience. Rock, paper, scissors; air, land, water doesn't really apply in this game. The strategy's are more dynamic in their individual evolution through each different game. A must play with multiplayer, the A.I. feels incomplete as of the state of the game May 5, 2014. I would recommend this game too anyone who enjoy's Real Time Strategy."
76561198111027264,Not Recommended,233250,10017235,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Austral,"This is less of a review but more of a warning that you will get very frustrated if you do not have all the correct things for this game.  I speak from experience and everytime i go to play i cant even get past the main menu without the game crashing witht eh message ""pa.exe has stopped working"".  My computer is not bad as it runs every other game i have well but this one."
76561198043452054,Not Recommended,233250,10022260,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,carl,"I'm all for incremental software delivery of features, but before you open up your first release you've got to at least make sure the bare bones is working! Small releases is not an excuse for low quality.So far i've installed this on my Mac and tried a Windows 8 PC, no joy getting to play a game, 5-8 min loading time then complete freeze on the 'Play' screen even though my spec's are well above the required (MBP - Mavericks, 2.3 Core i7, 16GB RAM, SSD, 2GB Nvidia GFX. PC - Win8, Core i7, 6GB RAM, SSD, 2GB Nvidia GFX).Very disappointed, I love the concept of the game, but so far I can only review this based on IT DOESN'T RUN, hopefully this will get addressed and I'll amend my review accordingly.Doesn't leave me confident of 'early releases', tip to the rest, open up for free, then charge for the new features."
76561198006180375,Recommended,233250,9820834,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Migraine98,"this game is fun even though it is in early access. there is a lot of strategy in it and a lot of exsplosions. ""this game about blowin stuff up"" is said by one of the devs in the tutorial video, whats not to like about that. there are a few things that be really fun to have, though. like a unit cannon that can launch a lot units around the solar system quickly, also asteroid belts would be awesome but its only early access so it cant have every thing. but it is a good game. there are hours of fun to be had playing this game. dont worry if you are having trouble taking down an enemy base, just blow up the whole planet, yeah, i said blow up the planet. pick it up and don't drop it if you like robots, tanks, space, or just exsplosions."
76561198084880210,Recommended,233250,9833559,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Darci of Mountain,Can't wait for the final release...
76561197992081059,Recommended,233250,9833914,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Neyo,this game has seriuos memory leaks and keeps maxing out computer please fix this by coding the game better and fixing massive problem this is a huge problem and must be fixed
76561198075080867,Recommended,233250,9841202,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Ilikeplanes,The game id epic i would reccomend it to anyone who loves stragedy
76561198027858109,Recommended,233250,9842448,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,TheGhost,Best game ever! That's all i can say really haha!
76561198009645745,Recommended,233250,9864733,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Zefhuro,"Concept is great, the process of playing though seems a bit complex. Waaay too much micro managing. Supreme Commander 2 was a good way to lesson the amount of micromanaging with the repeat-build unit icon for the factories and things like that. It seems like getting to late game takes too much time, which can drag on for longer than wanting. If it doesn't get fixed, I fear this game will only appeal to hardcore RTS gamers...and those are dying out. I hope the final build will improve and allow for those who aren't great at micromanaging to be able to equally compete against those that are good."
,Recommended,233250,9864989,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Mreapz,verry good game buy if you like strategy games !!
,Recommended,233250,9870958,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Omega,"Amazing game, the AI is very aggressive. Don't think I've figured out how to stay on top of it quite yet!"
,Recommended,233250,9876788,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,scrubversive,"I am NOT an RTS guy. I tend to hate them. But Total Annihilation and it's spiritual successors have always had a place in my cold metallic gaming heart. Planetary Annihilation takes TA to a whole new scale and it's great.The basic commander/fabrication/economy gameplay mechanics of Supreme Commander and Total Annihilation - once again complete with a situationally dependent orchestral score to make things more epic (!!!). Plus the added dimension of orbital layers around planets, interplanetary expansion, and oh... you can crash planets into other planets. Unit limits are not really something you need to worry about (though I'm sure a 10 player match with 8+ planets would cause some trouble).Not worth everyone's dollar at the moment. Limited diversity of units, imbalanced tactics, the AI aren't particularly well tuned yet (especially for interplanetary combat). There is currently no way to pause a game in progress or alter game speed, but these are no brainers to come later in development. I have a personal gripe with telling my units apart from the overhead icons (though there are some modding capabilities that may help me with this).Looking forward to keeping up with this as it develops, can't wait to see what's coming. Already pretty slick, outstanding potential to become an exceptional RTS."
,Recommended,233250,9886224,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Santhenar,Excellent Game. Disconnects you from single player games if you lose your internet connection for a fraction of a second. Very painful. Needs to be fixed.
,Recommended,233250,9890823,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Amorphia,"If you've got a hankering for a streaming economy RTS, then Planetary Annihilation has you covered: vehicle, bot, air, naval (a lot like Total Annihilation and the original Supreme Commander), plus a new space-faring category of units. And you can smash planets into each other. Even in gamma (like it is now), it's very playable, and has some rewarding depth to the systems: the tech tiers aren't as deep as SupComm (no experimentals, no SCUs, no t3 either), and it doesn't seem to have the linking bonuses that game had, but these are minor points in a larger whole. Playing on the surface of spheres makes makes feel that much more real - this is how it ought to be."
76561198115126989,Recommended,233250,9893955,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,aqueousPoet,"Awesome game, best RTS in my opinion I bought it on sale for 20 Euro never regretted it! Buy it on sale!"
76561198012039067,Recommended,233250,9903825,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Claymore113,"Needs ALOT of work, but it shows promise. I wouldn't buy it unless you're a diehard TA fan or are interested in helping progress the development of the game."
76561198007697172,Recommended,233250,9916899,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Obscillesk,"Absolutely love this game.  I was hesitent to get it since I felt every game since Total Annihilation hasn't quite lived up to it (TA:Kingdoms, SC, SC2) but PA feels perfect in the old terms.  But even better, its adds new features and tactics to the RTS genre, which has been stagnant since forever."
76561198009167747,Recommended,233250,9918766,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,winning fucktards,"Even as an early acess game that barely runs on my labtop, THIS GAME IS GREAT! Its not something I can play all the time but when I do get the itch nothing is better"
,Recommended,233250,9400287,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,AnamanaguchiRiff-BebooBahBeBoo,"While the game is a little expensive for a beta (They are calling it Gamma at this point), the game is a lot of fun.Pros:Lots of units.Expansive gameplay - Fight your planetary battle, face your foes by land, sea and air.  Build defensive and offensive structures to fight the oncoming hoard.  Take your battle outside your planet and build orbital structures and units.Nukes are not enough?  Take over a moon, build some Delta-V rockets and steer it straight into your enemies base!Primary base get decimated?  Run away, maybe even to a new planet, and start again.  You may be able to live to fight another day and win the war!Cons:Unit AI could use some improvement, sometimes units will need assistance routing themselves around the landscape to get to your desired destination.Long load times - The more planets you have in a match, the longer it takes to generate and load them all.  Sometimes loadtimes can be up to 10 minutes long.  I've accidently missed the beginnings of matches because I get distracted while waiting.Conclusion:I have no doubt that once the game is considered released that the 50$ investment in this game will be worth it.  Right now it is a little bit steep of a price for a game that can make it difficult to actually get playing at times.  I don't think I wasted 50$, I KNOW if I wait the game WILL live up to its price.If you loved Total Annihilation or Supreme Commander, this is the next spiritual successor in the series.  It expands upon the one aspect that really makes those games, the scale of war has expanded.  Expanded beyond maps.  Expanded beyonds planets.  Eventually, it will expand beyond a solar system.  The prospect of the game becoming a galactic battleground is exciting.If the cons stop you now from purchasing the game, that's fine and understandable.  However, once this game releases, there is no excuse."
,Recommended,233250,9403019,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,RetroSn1per,A must buy game completley and totaly addicting
,Not Recommended,233250,9404297,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,they call me afro,"cant even open it, sad day"
76561198028399083,Not Recommended,233250,9404743,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,JustAnAC-130,looks like a good game but it doesent work for me. i dont have a lot of money and cant afford a top of the line graphics card. please fix it so i can play the game. it looks amazing and i really dont want to miss out on it.
76561198043245781,Recommended,233250,9407234,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,zinchronx,"Lots of fun with an awesome twist on the traditional RTS of the space action along with the 3D battles, such as roatating around planets and whatnot. Sure there are some kinks but that to be expected when the game is still in Gamma. Cant wait for the final poduct and still haveing fun with it even now!"
76561198042988949,Recommended,233250,9413350,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Best In The World,even for an alpha release you'd expect to atleast be able to load the damn thing!
76561198072092640,Recommended,233250,9413814,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,VolcanicMeep,Pretty good game if you like rts. bots are a bit challenging too.
76561197982373983,Recommended,233250,9415157,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Godking333,"i want mymoney back,this game keeps crashing onboth of my computers"
,Recommended,233250,9415296,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,AlainTheWise,"THIS IS THE BEST STRATEGY GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED! THERES SO MUCH AWESOMENESS TOO IT, WATCH SOME VIDEOS, LOOK AT SOME PICS, GET IT IF YOU LIKE STRATEGY GAMES AND IF YOUR COMFTORBLE WITH THE MONEY TO SPEND.Its in Early Access however so there will be alot of performance issues but it will only get better, plus they update this game alot so they care.9.4/10 I RECOMMEND TO ALL STRATEGY GAMER ADDICTS!"
76561198006984368,Recommended,233250,8502854,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,ClaverFlav,"A Hard core Robot on Robot Action, set on spherical battlefields of procedurally generated awesomesauce, with omni directional defensive needs and energy guzzling economies with a forecast of raining death and a ever increasing chance of planet smashing goodness.Its like Total Annhilation and Mario Galaxy had a baby that grew up and punched Supreme Commander in the Face with a Rocket punch!three thumbs up!!"
76561198074825402,Recommended,233250,9483394,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Mc Stablo (French GollyWog),It's a pretty awsome game !!! But maybe you shouled MAKE IT A FRIGGN LOWER PRICEIT'S TO MUTCH FIRST 100 DOLLERS THEN 90 THEN 80 THEN 60 REALLYLOWER THE PRICE but its a pretty cool!!!
,Recommended,233250,9484498,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,olytthra,"In my opinion this game, is serious competition for the title of best rts of all time"
76561197986985626,Not Recommended,233250,9486891,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Thor,"the exe still doesn't work, and the game won't load. despite every fix the help forum suggests. ive had this game for months expecting an update to fix it, yet nothing. i really want to play this game, but do NOT buy it until it is fully released and fixed."
,Not Recommended,233250,9492105,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,The Confederacy,"Waste of money. I guess I'm not used to thistypeof RTS. When I played against real players it just seemed as if the first person to have a soldier won. Maybe I don't get the hang of it, but there and many better rts games out there."
76561198061074514,Recommended,233250,9507210,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,DaTastyNinja,"Amazing 3-D strategy game. you can travel to different planets, make orbital structures to rain down on you enemies, and evenlaunch asteroids at planets. Sooooooo amazing."
,Recommended,233250,9510129,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Long Rob,"It has the potential to be a great game, and I am sure it will be."
,Recommended,233250,9510746,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Falco101,"Absolutely amazing! beautiful cell shading, excellent lighting, an epic soundtrack worthy of crushing planets into each other. An all around fun time."
76561198008375684,Recommended,233250,9541139,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Sleth,"If your a fan of Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander this game is for you .It is only a samll download,by todays epic games, and gives a lot of bang for your buck.I am still learning the game on easy on single player and it is very challenging.Because the enemy colonises another planet before you think you have destroyed it and the ai nukes  you from outerspace!So build heaps of defense and bases and prepare for battle commander."
76561198042295237,Recommended,233250,9542291,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Schmike8,"The game takes a little bit to learn but alot of fun once you properly learn how to play the game. A tutorial would be nice, not some dumb♥♥♥♥♥video telling you the common sense♥♥♥♥♥♥about the game."
,Recommended,233250,9554368,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Qwerty,"This game is fun, if you like having massive battles with robots, launching projectiles between nukes and other planets at people, and having large scale interplanetary war with other players in your own custom built solar system. If any of those things apeal to you then get Planetary Annihilation. The one negative thing about this game are that there are some bugs but keep in mind this is only gamma and there are sure to be next to no bucks in the final product."
76561197972764870,Recommended,233250,9579572,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,[420]Baybaytony,"I really enjoyed Total Annihilation and it is great to see that some of the same team of developers and artists are involved in the production of Planetary Annihilation.  Even though this review is based on my experience with the gamma version, it is still amazing.  I see serious potential, and I hope to see this played competitively.5/5"
,Recommended,233250,9583807,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Tristacomand,"Basically just TA all over again, with some new bits. but no less epic for it.BUY IT NOW!!!"
,Recommended,233250,9585451,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Kanikki,its amazing
76561198026002503,Recommended,233250,9589437,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Juraks,"Tons of fun thats difficult to master. I really look foreward to seeing the rest thats in store for this game. It took me awhile to learn and understand but once you get the hang of it your next goal, instead of surviving the usual onslaught is to get that moon into the middle of your enemy's base. When that happens is when the game really begins.9/10 there are still some kinks to work out since not everything is as easy or simple as the trailers make it look, though the trailers may be presenting their goal of what it should look like rather than what it currently is."
76561198012413326,Recommended,233250,9604884,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,VodkaDispenser,"Damnit, I missed Total Annahilation!"
,Recommended,233250,9613504,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,rob,I really recommend this game! It's currently the Gamma version and I found some bugs or lags and so on. But it's still a lot of fun to see more and more content.Support this game if you like it. :)
76561198026303402,Recommended,233250,9374164,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Von Langstein,"Amazing game, great for people who love rts and grew up on games like command and conquer. You are not limited to a single map like in most RTS""s, find your self losing a battle? send your commander into space and fly to a moon to build a army for a counter attack, or just send the whole moon crashing down on them and litterly rip there world apart"
76561198045550374,Recommended,233250,10780106,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,GADS | Gabe,play dis nao
,Recommended,233250,10850595,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,moist,This game annihilated my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10
76561197976426518,Recommended,233250,10850729,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,The Sodomizer,OMG! Awesome!
76561198079774132,Recommended,233250,10850800,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Dave Dangeroux,"Easily one of the most addictive games I've played in a while. Total Annihilation was a great game, this will be a classic. Brilliant sound track, intense, epic battles, love the extra scope expanding through the solar system. One of the big wins is with the general accessibility of the game (shortcuts are greatly improved). There are a few bugs still, but they pale in comparison to how otherwise stellar (!) this game is. When the bugs are fixed it will be a 10/10. Currently 9/10."
76561198022343404,Recommended,233250,10852641,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Plastic Rust,"Everything is great, but you still can't build on a Star... That really needs to be fixed"
,Recommended,233250,10858933,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,simonsimons3406,"Amazing gameplay. Its fun, easy to learn and highly strategy based. So much goes into winning, its not just simply click and win. The best strategist really does win."
,Recommended,233250,10762970,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TkBD,YAY!
,Recommended,233250,10753337,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Apple,"Buyer beware: If your drivers are out of date, yo' ♥♥♥♥ed"
,Not Recommended,233250,10754545,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Cold Coffee Gamer,"As a huge fan of Supreme Commander, I've been watching this game since they announced the Kickstarter. Having heard they released the Galactic War (Single-player mode) I decided to finally make my purchase. What I did not expect was that even the single player mode required a constant internet connection to play!Being in Africa, infrastructure here is about 15 years behind the rest of the world so this is a serious problem for me. Because essentially I now own a ""Connecting to server"" simulator that always ends with ""Failed to connect"" while trying to play by myself.Until they can improve their networking systems, or at least make single-player offline, I obviously have to not recommend this game to anyone who doesn't have stable internet :(This is a HUGE disappointed for someone who has logged 1000's of hours in the Supreme Commander series, both single-player and LAN, playing with friends & family. I really look forward to being able to actually play this game some day."
76561198037460080,Recommended,233250,10757958,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,The Federal Government,"When your back is against the wall and your armies are all dead, just push the big red button and fire a moon at them :D"
,Recommended,233250,10758059,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ATORO.NZ,♥♥♥♥ing awesome game blow up planets n♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198048459138,Recommended,233250,11165412,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Peter,I know this is a early access game but i cant even get into a battle because every time i tried it stopped responding so any suggestions good other than that
76561198023487783,Recommended,233250,11198727,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,dannymadethis,"If you have ever enjoyed any RTS but wanted more, more troops, more space more planet? then this is for you even in early access the game is stable build your defences, build your army, weponise a planet what ever strategy you want to take this game is for you its like comand and conquer in space on acid what more could you ask for?"
,Recommended,233250,11199722,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Waterboat,AMAZING GAME!!!
76561198036775597,Recommended,233250,11190822,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,NoOne,"while this is still under development, if you played and enjoyed total annihilation and supreme commander - this is the 4th games in the series, classic rts, but instead of one planet or area, you get a whole galaxy...it still has a lot of work to be done, but is showing the intention to develiver on the promise of the concept."
,Recommended,233250,11193163,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Carrot,MUST BUY!  If you dont have the money dont worry the price will go down in full release. (probably)
,Recommended,233250,10955967,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kalaaver,"Great game, i didn't experince a lot of lag like other people have mentioned. I only experienced some minor skipping now and then. Overall this is a excellent game even in Alpha and a worth purchase. For those who may have texture problems like i did, you need the latest drivers and it will display textures properly. I'm sure with the easy modding abilites of the game, this title will flourish."
76561197989129410,Not Recommended,233250,10955978,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Factor,"Played a lot of TA & SC back in the day, and this game feels like Supreme Commander Lite, with in-game purchases.  I definitely got sucked in by the trailers; the idea of crashing planets together is compelling to a maniac like me...Developers really need to scrap the UberNet foisting (you have to create an acct and login each time you play) & in-game store at the very least, clean up the UI, fix AI & pathfinding & animations, make keybindings actually work, and get rid of some of the annoying sound FX.  I understand the game is WIP, but still has a long way to go before it's ready for release.  Wait til it gets a deep discount on Steam by which time the game should be completed & patched.  Or just get Wargame: Red Dragon if you're a fan of RTS, that game you can buy today no problem.Game Rating 6/10 for now.  Supreme Commander is a superior game atm."
,Recommended,233250,10957120,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Bagels,2fun but I need moar friends that have this game
,Recommended,233250,10958797,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Raven,Awesome game that has some balance issues but I'm sure these will be weeded out once the game is finished.
76561198033357171,Recommended,233250,10030849,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,sioux warrior,this is a fun game. it would be a lot more fun if i could make it through just one match without the game crashing
,Recommended,233250,9942915,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Saphyron,This is the highly awaited spirital succesor to total annihilation.The game captures the old game really really well sadly due to the fact it is a early acces game or because the game is highly unoptimized epic battles do not occur. Game crashes very often and nukes is slightly overpowered.With optimization the game can not drag on. everything will lag even with the greatest machines out there. It is not fun to have the epic 5k+ units on each side fighting it out cause even though fps does not drop the game lags so every unit takes 10-30sec to move 1 pixel.I will recommend the game to play. but until they have fixed above issues i will not recommend it at full price.
,Recommended,233250,9945618,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Aerosaur,"Loved Total Annihilation back in the day. Love this.An exciting, majestic, breath of fresh air in the strategy genre nowadays."
,Recommended,233250,9946102,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Ten000pounds,It's just good.
,Recommended,233250,9957220,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Man-Made Shroom,I only recommend this game to those who enjoy destroying planets.
,Recommended,233250,9957753,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,3xHelix,Oh F*** Yes !!!!
76561197971495978,Recommended,233250,9987777,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,segra,THis has alot of promise
76561198035667866,Recommended,233250,9990780,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Cooper,Very good game if you like all types of Strategy game this is definitely for you.
76561198013538093,Recommended,233250,12397392,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Mr. Mittens,"Really unique take on RTS, shines best when run on a rig with lots of ram and a very stable internet connection.  If you have a > 4 GB ram and at least 5 Mbps internet speed, it's quite fun. +1"
76561198056288159,Recommended,233250,12398507,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Lenny,"You know game is epic when one game ends with 2 planets smashing together and exploding. 5/5 The Best Game 2014Good gameplay, Graphics are cartoonish which is only good thing, looks decent and doesn't melt your PC.Only - thing was release, Uber Entertainment launched it too early and it was a bit too much to pay over 60€ for game which wasn´t even in beta yet. Im glad i waited and got it from Steam SummerSale for 24€I recommend this game for everyone who like destruction and RTS type of games ."
,Recommended,233250,12401295,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Public Enemy Number 5,Fun game to play early on but not shure about late game
,Recommended,233250,12403248,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Stg7,"You can literally crash planets into each other, this is a game that is aimed towards your more destructive side. There has not been such a good RTS game of this scale for a long while and with a stunning fully orchestrated soundtrack to match, this makes for a killer combo."
,Not Recommended,233250,13918453,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Braykin,just o
,Recommended,233250,16935942,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Psychic_Electron,"Preformance wise, kinda crap.Gameplay is fun with friends,7/10"
76561198010003838,Not Recommended,233250,16946134,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Ender Wiggin,I couldn't see my mouse any time I used it. I couldn't even play the game because I couldn't see me mouse. Would definitely not recommend buying this game because of its issues.
76561198049615368,Recommended,233250,16949575,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,JttJ,"I dont know why so many ppl post bad reviews- I like this game. I haven't done much, pretty much just basic vs AI skirmishes, but overall it's cool and you can do a lot in the game. The overall goal is to smash your enemies, and specifically their commanders, into little tiny peices. The way you do that is entirely up to you. you can do things like spam rush them with basic crummy tanks, launch a massive bomber riad, siege them with boats from a distance, laser the hair off their chins with orbital attack satalites, simply nuke 'em, smash them with another planet, use a death star on them, and much much more if you're creative.Negative aspects of the game are that sometimes I will agree that it's a race to see who can make the most guys, but thats mostly if you're on the same planet and you are pressured too much. The most annoying thing i've expierienced is that in the AI skirmishes your enemies will automatically choose to start on the same planet as you and then immeadiately rush you from two feet away with crummy starter units and even their commander.Overall I like this game, having played other strategy games before. It's cool that you can go to other planets, and it's fun to see what you can come up with to annihilate your enemies."
76561198052371514,Recommended,233250,16950850,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Kapie,"This game is unpolished and unfinished. However, in it's current state it's sill extremely fun and satisfiying to play, and it is definitly a good buy. I got a few pros and cons here.Pros--Large scale multiplayerNo seriously, I played a 10 v 10 with a ton of planets. It's also fun to team up with your buddys and work out strategy.-StrategyThis is actually very important, so many people say it's just spam units and win, which is untrue, your ability and effectiveness in battle is mesured on how you use those units. Speaking of which.-ScaleThe scale of space and planets are done extremely well. And when armies collide, if really just feels extremely huge. It really makes you feel like a being that can conquer everything, (or destroy).CONS-OptimizationThe games graphics are not great, but they are well done. But the game dosen't run well with certain graphics cards, I heared numerous accounts of the game running poorly even though the players specs should be able to run it fine.-Units balanceYes, some things will be overpowered compared to others, but this is a feature that throws me off a bit. I find the most effective strategy is mass spamming cheap and effective tanks. Because unless you have an extremely powerful eco to be able to spam out advanced units. You're basiclly just spamming units. But again, it's how you use them.-PathfindingTHIS IS NOT GAME BREAKING ,only a little annoying at times and really only occursw when moving large armies (500+) units or so. But it defenitly dosen't happen often, but when it does. It's annoying.Other than that, the game is not bad at all, but neither ground breaking. I really liked the feel of moving my armies planet to planet, which I have not experienced in any other RTS game. Extremely well done on that point. And I hope this game is not left to gather dust. I am hoping that the creators don't leave this gem behind! Work the the optimization problems, work on bugs, pathfinding, and other things I may have missed.I recomment this game, and give it a 7.8/10 -Needs work, but definitly fun and playable now.Hope this gave you a good overview of the game.Bye!"
76561198036349172,Recommended,233250,17394309,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Mr. Miyagi,"Great game, if I could finish a game without crashing..."
,Recommended,233250,13176415,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Mad Dragon,when will you make this game playable offline? :[
,Recommended,233250,13128290,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Azawii,Good Game.
,Recommended,233250,10103859,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Quetzalcoatl,Supreme Commander is awesome. Planetary Annihilation is even more awesome!
76561197975479462,Recommended,233250,13164196,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Tresonius Ventrix,"This game is fun and I've been able to enjoy it for about 8 hours of total play time.  The game crashes at random times, which is very frustrating, but as long as you don't mind starting a mission over a couple of times, I would recommend this game."
76561198070628534,Recommended,233250,13475017,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,countergnom,Good stuff.
,Recommended,233250,13477033,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ATP,This game seems ok but its visibly not polished. Played the heck out of TA and really hope improvements are made to bring us a completed PA in the future. I will def keep an eye on the updates but until this game improves I would not recommend it.
,Recommended,233250,13478447,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,RisingStorm,"Good, though can get a little stale, especially if you don't challenge yourself. They do keep updating though, so variation will be great."
,Recommended,233250,12016415,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Punished Gulliman,"Great game, great idea, but it's not finished. It should still be in early access. When they add offline mode, the apparent 40 player multiplayer, and unit cannons...that's when you want to buy this.EDIT: The PTE currently has the unit cannon. They also put in offline. I can recommend this now. It's awesome."
76561198001690399,Not Recommended,233250,13411605,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Timemage,This game is questionable difficult for people to accept as its own game.
76561198030075756,Not Recommended,233250,13412077,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Dremlock,I'm just glad I bought this on sale.  The game gives you no time to learn the controls and a good portion are not intuitive.  It still needs a tutorial or an easy setting for AI to give us slow people a chance to learn the game before we die over and over.The best part was randomly being kicked out of single player games because the connection to the server was lost.  I understand DRM but to have to replay because of that is not satisfying at all.I'll wait another year or two and see if they can improve it.
76561198064237960,Recommended,233250,13422764,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,paul.a.k,its a good game played better but its defo worth playing
,Recommended,233250,12380158,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,-=ETM=-8472,"Pure symmetrical RTS, everybody has the same tanks, bots, planes, boats and orbitals. You lose because your enemy simply had a better strategy than you: not because his XP level was higher, not because he crafted extra powerful hats :PSmooth zooming out from upclose&personal upto solar system level. Realtime shadow casting when the planets rotate through their solar orbits (awesomo!). Multiplayer from 1up against AI upto all kinds of player/AI team combinations (multifaction). Editor to generate custom solar systems; random or symmetrical. Game runs stable, scales with cpu power/mem. Monthly updates. Highly moddable."
76561198054205341,Not Recommended,233250,9341961,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Pablo Gomes Kiipper,"The game has an incredible good idea. Its very fun to play, but they DO need to improve FPS and lag ASAP when you play in a larger system. Pause and save options are a MUST HAVE. Any player will have a hard time in a 2 hour session without these options. I bought, I recommend it, but if it does not change till release I will regret it badly.UPDATE     05/23/2014Well...Its has been released for some time now and its not fully enjoyable imo... I can handle ME3, SKYRIM, BF3 and other games but this one in my computer. Its is laggy and takes lots of time to load...I didnt play that much, but enough to realize that I cannot have fun with it without improvements. I should have waited a sale of 75% or 80% ...  too bad I bought early access.I still like the game, but I would not buy it for now."
76561198031514363,Recommended,233250,12100957,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Raging_Phoenix,"This game has a beautiful and unique art style, intuitive gameplay, and some neat inovations that breath new life into the RTS genre. Some improvements to the AI, pathfinding, and more unit variety might be nice, but overall this game is highly enjoyable. It had a number of flaws at launch but those have nearly all been resolved so the developer does seem interested in continuing to support this game."
,Recommended,233250,12226293,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,FastCrab,"With the introduction of an offline mode, the game is much better now. The singleplayer is very playable and very fun and challenging.Multiplayer could use some work, plus a little transparency, (I have no idea whether our matches are ""online"" or LAN or if that feature even exists). Still a noticeable lag when playing with someone on the same subnet.I wish more people would play this game. One argument I hear online a lot is ""you cant see the whole map at once""/""spheres are hard"" which as someone who played games like Sins of a Solar empire, Forged Alliance and CoH, it didn't even occur to me that people would have trouble with it. Game awareness is real, and you cant slack if you want to be good.the only real complaint I have is with the multiplayer as already stated, and the AI on skirmish has no easy mode. This is not a problem for me, but it makes it hard for me to introduce this game to people who might not be so great with the RTS genre.If you are looking for a fresh RTS challenge that will make console peasants shiver in jealousy, you should pick this one up.***old review***So much fun.UNDENIABLY AMAZING, I just wish I could play it.regardless of my settings the game is unbearably unplayable, and I have a really good machine.the problem? My internet is mediocre. the lag causes freezes lasting almost whole minutes. its an incredibly frustrating experience made so much worse by the fact that the game is so serendipitously fun.As soon as they get rid of this online only nonsense, (like they promised to do), instant perfect game."
76561198021876393,Recommended,233250,10328965,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Kotonoha the Gunslinger,So worth it. I love seeing things colliding stuff into each other. I also believe and and some buddies lost it when we gonna send 2 moons and 2 planets into our spawn planet were the enemys are. To be exactly right we were launching a entire solar system into one planet. It is a game when you do need to act fast or you die trying. Also you will want a computer with a fast gaming speed to keep up with blowing up planets or colliding them or loading them.
76561197968533929,Recommended,233250,12123871,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,magnetmannen,"So awesome when it works, so buggy when i try to play, still, one of the best rts experiences out there, really good gameplay.IMPORTANT: you must have a pagefile larger than 12 gb for the game to work."
,Recommended,233250,10015365,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Splodge63,"This game has blow away all expecations I have ever had for an RTS. It is one of the most enjoyable games I have ever played, especially playing team armies with friends. The simple act of building an army, growing your economy and blowing stuff up with planets and nukes is incredibly fun! 5/5 totally worth the £30 plus more!"
,Recommended,233250,12596546,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,nemoDreamer,"I initially gave this game an unfavorable review for being unfinished despite being long out of alpha.Since then, the designers/developers have really stepped up the pace, and delivered the features and bug-fixes I'd been missing:- An in-game quick-start guide (rather bare-bones, but better than being dumped into a game w/ no tutorial and assuming everybody's familiar w/ this type of game.) w/ some minor strategy tips.- Buggy sound is fixed, you now finally hear the full battle-field, and not just one clipped sound every few seconds.- Menus and dialogs still load progressively like web-pages, but the speed and transitions have improved.- Giving ""Standing Orders"" to factories is now clearer, and is a game-changer, as I spent most of my first tries with this game frantically panning an selecting, due to weird keyboard shortcuts...- Keyboard layout is still less than optimal: the actions are spread all over the place, and grouping and camera bookmarks are stange claw movements... I _could_ reconfigure the whole thing, but wouldn't have minded the base setup to be more mapped spatially.---As for the game-play, it's AMAZINGLY SATISFYING! Galactic War ramps up nicely in difficulty, giving you a chance to decimate your enemies with your new toys once before finding out that they have tech that you didn't even know existed waiting for you on the next planet... Orbital fabricators?! Sweeeet!The graphics live up to the teaser trailer, the sound is suitably Wagnerian, and the feeling of finally finishing a 2 hour match by carpet-bombing an unscouted planet with nukes is priceless...---All-in-all, it seems that not needing to divert resources to their next game (which sadly got cancelled, since it looked amazing...) did these guys some good!!! I will be checking back on this game much more frequently!"
76561198047340128,Recommended,233250,9493757,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Sulu^Karpuz,Great RTS game.maybe one of best.
,Not Recommended,233250,12017944,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Tamerlane,"So I had fun during the Early Access days a few months ago. It's not often you get RTS games with this scale. Orbital Lasers mowing down troops, Planets with thrusters colliding into the enemy's base, mass vehicle assaults getting torn down by turrets and long range cannons and so on.It ran fine back then. Now it's crashing. Everytime. 5 mins and it's all gone. Reboot, Reinstall, you know the whole deal. Nothing.To be far it does seem to be running better and feels smoother but it does eventually crash. A lot of people have this problem with the current release.So if you're willing to risk it then go ahead and buy the game. It is NOT FINISHED by a long shot but it can be fun if it does run for you.P.S.Someone's bound to nag about my hours played this week but I dare you play something for more than an hour when it crashes every 5 mins into a new game. I don't enjoy torture."
,Not Recommended,233250,12018140,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,kira406,"Don't waste your time. It will frustrate you like none other when it freezes for no good reason right when you build and explore new items that come avialable when you are 30 minutes into a something with no save option. Then you have to do it all over again and again... Yes, this is after checking I have the most current drivers and the sort. Game is fun but it will crash on you constantly and get on your nerves."
,Recommended,233250,9304139,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,billkerman,This game has everything. EVERYTHING you want.Explosions. Lasers. Action. More lasers. Strategy. Even more lasers. PLANET SMASHING. GIANT PLANET DESTROYING LASERS.(just buy it already.)11/10.
76561198021706027,Not Recommended,233250,12018248,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Swissy87,"Enjoy starting up a long game and returning to that very same game? Well you are out of luck as there is no save game function. You read correctly, cannot save in a strategy game, so unless you are prepared to spend an entire evening sitting there in one session without interruptions or crashes (of which there are) then I suggest you hold off on purchasing this."
,Recommended,233250,12018746,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,T'Nyr,"This game is epic. Pure unadulterated epicness.While it's still not quite finished and takes forever to render larger systems on even my Haswell i7 (Walk away and get ready for the match if loading a system of over 8 planets), the gameplay is enjoyable for those who love to spawn, and spawn, and spawn, ad infinitum.One can even create systems that have planetary bodies in intersecting orbits! While the natural collusions are not yet set up to destroy units that are under the impact zone as of this review, being able to see planets and bodies that are chewed up due to having been hit by many strata-obliterating impacts is energising! One of my favourite systems is one that's intentionally designed to promote such a chain reaction.The only true downsides are...* One is currently unable to push bodies into a non-circular orbit or change planes.* Astroid belts are not created by destroyed and muched bodies.* The mechanical planet's doomsday weapon use forces an orbital ""zip"". This *needs* to be changed to a countdown to when the targeted body is within firing range!Recommended, even with glitches/unpolishing and all!---I'd recommend having 8GB of RAM available for the game to use on top of your normal needs! My system has often pushed beyond 8GB of game-use for a single human vs AI's match to a total of over 12GB total system+game usage. You could get away with a smaller amount if another computer is hosting methinks."
76561197968550402,Recommended,233250,11930743,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Pup,"Edit: Game is now working well with crashes that are recoverable and allow you to rejoin the game. I now consider the game playable.I am a huge fan of Total Anhialation, so I had to get this game. I have to say that I have really enjoyed playing this game so far and really enjoy the new mechanics it offers. It is everything I liked about TA but with more features and better graphics. Definitely worth checking out!"
76561198061434555,Recommended,233250,10751446,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Cugu,BTOOOOOOOM!!!!
76561197975478647,Recommended,233250,11890465,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Omega40k,Buy it. Buy it Now! Every second your not playing this game is a second of life wasted!
,Recommended,233250,11880006,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Magneticle,"A great game with an ultimate goal of winning by force, and not politics.And also smashing moons into planets."
,Recommended,233250,12009415,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Ȃndromeda,"Crazy scale. Fun romp, and best of all the co-op possibilities are amazing."
,Recommended,233250,12009605,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Mattdaman354,"Planetary Annihilation goes out of the traditional RTS game mechanics and shines. Last time I seen a spherical map used in the RTS genre was in Spore, but Planetary Annihilation just takes that a few hundred steps further by rooting its heritage from the beloved Supreme Commander and Total Annilation and adding new and innovative game mechanics.Planetary Annihilation is about large scale strategy (macro focused) with meaty content like flowing economy, planet thrusters, planetary lazors, and lack of unit cap all in REAL TIME with more to come. $30 or your local equivalence is more than a steal for this game."
76561197966038402,Not Recommended,233250,12009834,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Don Daimen,"hi y'alli bought this game becouse i wanted a new RTS game , am i regretting waisted my money on thisif youre a online pvp playing fan then go for itif your a SKIRmish person who plays mostly solo , who like to save and continiu later on ,then pls leave and look for something betterya you have galactic war but here is the but's . you have to finish your battle you can not leave or you end the campainyou must find upgrades along the way , even for basis factory you need to find upgrades , whitch should be yours to begin whit , this game mode is not why i bougth this gameno skirmish no possitive review this is an RTS game it should come whit itbut after 1 year of fallowing the dev's i never got a hint for this gamemodeso for me , im verry disapointed . surtainly if they claim to be the dev's of "" total annihilation "" and "" supreme commander ""the 1st i never played , the 2nd i played for years still play it now i even link them to my steam account , just to presurve themat SP2 i dont now they took a wrong turn there and i think they brouth it along to this gameif they implement skirmish like the old games , this means you must be able to save your game and continiue laterill change my standing on this game , untill then i disadvice anyone to this gameDO NOT BUY THIS GAME , thats my advise for you"
76561198061203194,Recommended,233250,12010065,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,pappashaw,"outstanding game, great elements of strategy and furious battles. i fully recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed supreme commander"
76561198092458213,Recommended,233250,12010093,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Barbidule,"This game is amazing. Seriously, I mean. I'm following it since almost the very beginning and I can say there were so many improvements. When I started to play, it was so laggy, if there were more than 2 IA and 2 planets in the map it lagged so hard it wasn't possible to play. Also, many units had a strange behaviour when we were moving an army. (sorry for my english, it's not my native language). Now all the problems I noticed are fixed and it's a very good game. I like RTS, I play almost only this kind of game, and i like this one in particular.I played Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander and I think this game is the perfection between both of them."
76561197993833052,Recommended,233250,12010560,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Spud,so fun
76561198084130802,Recommended,233250,12011251,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Mr. Hasaki,One of the best games on Steam.
76561198022168027,Not Recommended,233250,12011380,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Šmalcovi,"This game is very good example of current trend of money grabbing from naive players for early access games, with great promises and only half baked product in the end. Release version ??? - it is barely playable for few minutes in its current state..."
76561198124082198,Recommended,233250,12012704,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,PartyDeMarty,"This game is all about massive scale.Because of this, resources are not finite and there are no population caps.  This can lead to absolutely huge excursions and skirmishes as you fight for control of a system.I find that the units are balanced with the building of advanced units and buildings being a better option rather than a neccesity.  Overall I love this game and I feel it is one of the best RTS games I've played."
76561198035637199,Recommended,233250,9283536,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,tornadopunk,all i say is get it now its bloody damn good!
,Not Recommended,233250,12009509,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,TheBoxNinja,"Developer charged 79.99 when this game first launched on steam, when it was alpha. They eventually dropped the price to 59.99 when it was in beta/gamma, and then when the game fully launches it costs 29.99? What a slap in the face to the people that backed the game when it was still a buggy pile of crap missing most of the advertised features."
76561198128153484,Not Recommended,233250,17729239,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Manimals-superlucky5,"Well I have played over 3 games so you could say i'm a pro and by your third game you will have so questions like why am i playing this strategy game? Why is I not mlg pro? Why does this game suck? Why do you bake cookies and cook bacon? Well I have a solution, and that is....GET CIV 5 AND NEVER PLAY THIS GAME AGAIN!!!!!!!!!"
76561198068139224,Not Recommended,233250,17729390,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,MrFrazer580,"the ♥♥♥♥ed everyone who backed the game back then on kickstarter including me by releasing titan dlc as stand alone, ♥♥♥♥ you money greedy worthless♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,233250,17729427,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Yeomon,The game is buggy and can often freeze after battles
,Recommended,233250,17730066,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Humble Meme Farmer,BESIDES this uber's actions with Titians and such i really love this game the battles can be huge there are creative way to destroy your enemy's wheather you want to bomb them out with artillery or rush them from all angles or even slam a planet into their base
,Recommended,233250,14143265,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,A Big Guy,"This is a rewrite of my review after about 6 months of patches to the game. I bloody love this game. It is the most satisfying RTS I have played since Battle for Middle Earth 2. The gameplay is sterling, a focus on speed and efficiency make the early game nerve racking and tense. The late game is defined by incredible zerg rushes and the use of superweapons. The game has the usual Orbital Strike and Nuclear Missles, but takes it one step further with the Annihalaser and the Halley. There's nothing like quoting Grand Moff Tarkin as you obliterate your enemies using the Death Star.A huge improvement on when I last played. Performance has improved and it no longer crashes. Loading times are a tad long and framerate can get a bit choppy, but these are minor complaints.TL, DR: Get the game, it's the best RTS on the market right now"
,Not Recommended,233250,486308,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,Syz,"Absolutly love it, The fact that you can destroy a planet! is Awsomeness at its best.Edit, Uber is cheating us playes out of money stay away from this game."
,Not Recommended,233250,17740960,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,MellonBrewd,WHY ARE THE TEXTURES SHINY!!?!??! FIX THE GAME PLEASE
,Recommended,233250,17743620,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Odeseos,Great game but also a Great learning curve.I recommend this game to everyone who loves rts games!
,Not Recommended,233250,16489237,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,South Paw,"hey games devs, yes you. ♥♥♥♥ you"
76561198056300460,Recommended,233250,13174421,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Salvador,"Don't buy this game if you're expecting an epic storyline, distinguishing characters and all that kind of stuff. This game is a raw, state of the art RTS. If you already played any game from Total Annihilation or Supreme Commander series you already know what this is about.Economy is not buffer based like it's common on other RTS's. Instead, you have a small buffer of two resource types and a rate of income. If your production exceeds your income your factories lose efficiency, if you spend more power than you have available some structures get disabled. It is possible, and usually best, to automate unit production. You set the unit types you want a factory to build and forget about it.With no unit cap armies and battles can be huge, wich is awesome.Although there are some nice tactical aspects on the gameplay most of the battles resolves to the types of units used. Amass a huge army of the wrong type and have it obliterated by a single line from the opposing force. Losing a huge army usually does not mean game over, since production can also be massive.There are some nice details like LOS for direct firing units, wich is really great to see on a RTS this scale.There are no factions nor unit upgrades but that doesn't make the game less complex. There are 5 unit classes with two tiers each and 4 combat units at each tier (except for orbital and naval), that's almost 20 different combat unit types in a single faction. Playing the Galactic War campaign works sort of like a tutorial by itself since you don't have access to all units at once on it.The spherical map is a great add-on. The diversity of planet types and their features gives a lot of possibilities to the way matches can develop. I'm personally not a fan of multi-planetary fights... I usually prefer to focus on managing a single base, but fighting through different planets is a thing.The game maybe still needs some polishment. I had to update my video drivers to prevent CTD and set the server to local because it disconnected a lot. I still haven't tried multiplayer but it will probably suck unless I'm on a private game, because I'm playing from South America. The AI also needs some improvement, it can be suicidal or get completly inert on some situations.I don't think this game deserves the bad reviews people probably wrote during open beta stages. It's a great purchase for it's price.Overall I totally recommended it for strategy games fans... Even if you usually don't like real-time it's worth the try because APM is not such a huge thing like in some other games.8/10"
76561198011672168,Not Recommended,233250,17749535,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,kentbobii,In a word: boring
76561197971146222,Not Recommended,233250,17750911,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,[V-M] Ziegfried,This was not worth the money I paid for it :(
,Not Recommended,233250,11223841,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Mush,"Completely removed old info in this review to make things succinct:This horrific turd of a game STILL has pathing issues (units, especially commanders, get 'stuck' when trying to give them anywhere between 'simple' and 'complex' commands), and despite this EXTREMELY basic function still being broken, they have the gall to not only introduce an 'expansion pack' (Titans), but it seems like all they've done is add new maps and FINALLY 'Experimental Units' (I don't believe they're calling them this, its just one more tier of unit strength beyond what currently exists in PA).  Both things that should have just been part of the original game, or updates to it.  Oh, and the 'xpack' is 40 dollars, even for the people that already own PA, complete and utter crap.  It should be FREE to people that already own the game as the ENTIRE game, PA + Titans is STILL BROKEN/NOT A COMPLETE GAME.  ***edit*** For whatever it is worth, they corrected the issue where people who should have qualitied for the discount on 'Titans' were still seeing it at full price.Bottom line:-Uber is a terrible company that has no clue wtf they're doing (apparently)-do NOT buy this game, buy Supreme Commander instead, if you don't already have it (way cheaper,  and a far better game....you know, its actually complete/functional, gameplay is better too, imo, and it doesn't require a 'high end' system to run it)"
,Not Recommended,233250,10838060,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,-666- Silver,"Recently PA Titans was released basicly the same game with some bigger units.Instead of working on the current product a cheap marketing scam was used to get more sales.Sneak removing this game from the store and spitting in the face of early access backers.I would consider Titans as a DLC when straped for cash i would get it during the sales.But this removing the orginal PA and then launching PA titans is making me feel ripped off.No payed content was a promise made by the Devs!Stunt like this make people lose faith in early access games or the gaming industry as a whole for that matter.Below is my review of the game when most people thought it was going place my self included.For a early access games it is actually not bad, i had this game on my wishlist for a long time.Finally it was on steam sales so i grabbed it after a short download it started playing.Has nice features as having easy to use controls making it much easier to operate the vast army's you can create.The commander can be upgraded by finding the correct planet with the commander layout in question.You have different tech you got to find on the solar map and you also need to find slots to download them into.Forcing you to make decisions on what tech you want to keep and refine.There are dozens of different land, air and naval unit with most of them having a tech 1 and tech 2 version.You can build vast army's of units and slug it out with the opponent, no limit on how much units you can build.But by far the best option is to find an asteroid and smash it on your opponent!The use of you tube video's in-game for small tutorials or video messages from the devs is pretty smart, smaller download files for the game so you do not waste HD space on video or tutorials.I do hope that with update the AI get's a bit smarter, you get more planets/moons and asteroid belts per solar system.Some of the bugs you now encounter could use a hot fix but so far so good.7 out of 10 for the game in it current condition, a must buy when you strategy games and annihilate the opponent!I refer to the game a Peasantairy Annihilation, only thing is missing is raising tax and terrorizing the villagers! \o/"
,Not Recommended,233250,12032087,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Naz,"Ok, So I was really positive about this game for a long time. But with their latest, completely un-ethical re-release stunt, I have to turn arround and say No.Enough is Enough. Why do we keep allowing developers to do this to us. They aren't the first, they won't be the last. Steam/Valve have to start dealing with these types of sh*!ty, if-not-illeagle-then-should-be cons.Why should we, Who paid for a game, supported it from an early stage, have to now pay again, for the privilage to play what was originally promised us? I paid $99.00 for this game, and it was broken chunk with potential. Very little progress occured for a long time, and eventually, it was marked as complete. Its not really complete, but hell, it could be worse.But now they have gone out and released Titans. Nope. Not happening. I'm taking this case to the Australian Competition & Consumer Commision. I suggest any Austrailian players, or even EU players with their own, similar organization, do the same. We need to make developers understand its not OK to cheat us, just because they are crowdfunding or Early Access.Enough."
76561198056521392,Not Recommended,233250,17400630,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Frizbee,"The game is fun and its a great RTS, but they need to make Titans an expansion and FREE for plannetary annihilation players who bought  it before it came out. DON'T BUY THIS GAME AND DON'T BUY TITANS, BOTH A WASTE OF TIME. If you want a FINISHED RTS thats both fun and cheap, Buy Supreme Commander. FAR SUPERIOR AND MUCH MORE STABLE."
,Not Recommended,233250,13335665,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Zarathos,"Well there is no longer need for this review for this game after the release of Titan, dont buy this game anymore, the have fixed all the bugs of this game in that game.The game developing was pathetic and users have been patient and give the developers advices to fix the game, so the developers created a new game instead of fixing it, could it be more stupid than this ?"
76561198056883240,Not Recommended,233250,17674887,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,10E Venomancer,"Got the game in the early access for 50 euros and all I got back was disappointment. Awful optimalisation, bugs, frequent client / server crashes, very limited content. I was just a little bit disappointed when they were making -80% sales (which is getting the same game for 10% of the price i paid), but now that they released titans they ask for even more money. It's a scam, I'm not going to buy disappointment again. Open-source SpringRTS is way better than this."
,Not Recommended,233250,17710792,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,[CRIS] Jackmember5,"Although the concept is awsome and it really is fun, its unstable as♥♥♥♥♥♥ i can only finish 2 games out of 5 because of how unstable this coding is. Making your own maps is virtually impossible, since this game tries to suicide at every chance it gets. At some point this game even caused my enitre PC to crash. And now with the recent DLC release: GET YOUR GAME RUNNING STABLE BEFORE RELEASING WAY TO EXPENSIVE DLCS.  I would NOT recommend this game to anyone who wants to enjoy playing a RTS. There are many good ones out there and although this one might be good, it doesnt want to be played."
76561197985233123,Not Recommended,233250,17710964,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,steel_realm,"Game was barely playable upon release. Was still barely playable as of July because you couldn't load a save game without it crashing. All factions have identical units and buildings. They released a full priced ($49) expansion that adds less than 20 new units to the game, units which should have been there from the start.Terrible game, and along with Starforge a testament to why Steam should shutdown or police Early Access games because this is essentially a scam."
76561198071236210,Recommended,233250,12430106,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,TheGamingSnail,its about blowing up things...this game is AMAZING!
76561198004742585,Not Recommended,233250,9326209,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Xiphon,"As of 10/9/14 it's still buggy and crashes in every game.  Avoid this one.Recent updates have again made the game unplayable.  It will crash to desktop every time.  Really I cannot recommend buying this game until it's more stable.After some initail problems with the server dropping off causing the game to exit even during single player, it looks like the latest patch made the game playable for me.If you like RTS, this game is epic!  There are still some areas that are incomplete, but even so this is one of the best RTS games I've played in a long time.  There aren't many games that deliver the epic scale of watching the battlefield unfold across multiple planets.  There were moments when commanding my attack force on the large central planet, I would catch a glimpse of the moon orbiting in the distance, and my forces building up there for even greater destruction.The game is loaded with little touches and details that make it come to life, and connect it with the broader Sci-Fi genre.  The first time you fire up a teleporter will be one of those moments.I'm also happy to report that I've had massive armies roaring across several planets, and have yet to hit a unit cap or lag."
,Recommended,233250,12382750,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,RedPlasticSpoon,"I love it but there are many bugs, crashing, invisible people etc.EDITAfter the release of the patch, every one of my complaints have been meet.  NOW FOR THE DLC's"
76561198033569495,Not Recommended,233250,9590661,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Mr. Sir,"If you enjoy playing the same exact match a million times over this is the game for you. I loved the concept fo the game early on and the things they promised. As of late the game is not complete, I cannot play a match without some game changing bugs ruinging the gameplay. I launch nukes to kill an enemy Com and the nukes go to the core of my planet and spin around forever. And of course I lost.Now back to gameplay. All you need to do is spam units. get 1000 units and congrats you beat your enemy who tried to build defences. Basically the gameplay is bland and basic. Not really in depth strategy. If this is a finished game then this is a disapointment."
,Recommended,233250,12434664,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Giant Todd Head,"How do i blow up that planet, again?"
,Recommended,233250,10989975,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Pico Von Rico San,"Easily the best RTS I've ever played. While still in beta, and a little buggy, it is already a super solid game. I especially like the way the economy works in this title, and have a much better time understanding and working with it then in other RTS games. If you like building massive machine armies and blowing stuff up, this one's for you."
,Recommended,233250,10992392,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Viethal,All i have to say is you can crash an astroid into a planet
76561198047746870,Recommended,233250,10949344,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DaChizzels,"Can be really buggy at times, but I like where it is going."
,Recommended,233250,10949365,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Quantum,"truely an epic game to play, this is where my summer starts"
76561197970404889,Not Recommended,233250,10950622,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ludvink,"A bit too messy for my taste. Saw problems with it that I dont believe is fixable. Too bad, seemed like an awesome game."
,Not Recommended,233250,10951848,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,phillip.copley,I sure am glad I paid $70 for this game that is now selling for $17.Gameplay is sub-par. It's worth $20.
,Not Recommended,233250,10953546,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Supertard,Go play ZeroK instead for free and save 50 bucks. This game promised so much and didn't deliver anything. It's probably never going to make it out of production.
76561198014979422,Recommended,233250,10954467,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ApolloMk2,"Concept is great, currently a good game but if they develop it to be even half of what they set out for its going to be super epic! Basically a larger scale of Supreme Commander/TA/FA. Keep in mind this is still very much in pre-release but looking forward to the full!"
,Recommended,233250,10955100,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jason.TX,Really fun RTS. Reminds me of Total Annihilation on the Spring RTS engine.
,Recommended,233250,10703660,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Helicopter,"Although the game is still in development, I've thought it felt like there was a lot of content to it months ago.There is a slightly steep learning curve, but as they balance out the game it will become easier to learn.Theres a single player galactic war part to the game where you try to take over the galaxy, and there's the obvious multiplayer aspect to it.The massive battles are awesomeI'm enjoying playing it."
,Recommended,233250,11027425,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,[UC]Uber,"Even in early access, this game is totally awesome. Highly recommended if you are an RTS fan. Well done Uber Entertainment."
76561198044489056,Recommended,233250,11142066,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,King.Bro,Freakin great game to buy and play with your friends if you like any other rts you will love this it does have some issus but not any that stop you from playing or having a fun time but other then that this is one of the funest rts's thats ive played thats good looking and super intensive and you can smash planets in each other...
76561198014322850,Not Recommended,233250,11972048,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Gippies,I'd rather have a buffalo take a diarrhea dump in my ear. 0/10Run Away. Don't look back.
,Recommended,233250,12365109,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Reklys,"Fun game, fast paced, and it helps if you know what you're doing."
,Not Recommended,233250,12365354,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Joe Biden,"At the time of this writing, I cannot recommend Planetary Annihilation, and would advice anyone to steer away from this game. While PA sets out to create a new innovative RTS for the modern world, it fails on polish, replayability, accessability and strategy. The game is barely polished, with the game still being highly unoptimize, and I still find new gamebreaking bugs to this date. I wish I could love this game, but I just can't. It has a lot of really awesome ideas that just doesn't work out the way they are at the moment.On the account of replayability, there really isn't any reason. All the units are the same for each person, there is no variety. You would think that there would be something more interesting other than units shooting at each other. Naval battles are unpractical, planes fill that role better, and make ships obsolete. This also accounts for strategy. No point in combinations of units when you can just steamroll over your enemy base, given enough units. Strategy is basically [Build Units -> Attack -> Rince and Repeat].Orbital is extremely clunky and unintuitive to use, it becomes extremely hard to launch any interplantary assaults, and brings the game to a stalemate when each person is equal with the same number of planets.Now let's talk about accessability. Don't take this the wrong way, there are a lot of tools at your disposal. Area commands for placing mexs (metal extractors) as well as patrol paths, formations, and a lot more are there. The problem I see is that it is not explained at all. Tutorials are non extistant, and the most innovative parts of this game is hidden from the player, making it seem like it doesn't exist at all.The developers also hasn't put in key features such as DRM free, or saving midgame for singleplayer matches. And don't get me started on Galatic War, their so claimed ""Single Player Campaign"". It's just crap, and limits the player even more than they already are. Do a normal skirmish or go into multiplayer.Don't take this the wrong way, I love RTS, and I followed this since it was first kickstarted [but didn't join in]. I had to sneak in a $20 steam gift card just to get this game, and while it seemed cool controling a massive space empire over multiple planets, the shiny new tag wore off, and I saw it for what it truely is.In conclusion, this game, while having some truely new and unique elements, is presented in such a crap way. The game elements are truely not equal to the sum of its parts."
,Recommended,233250,10855044,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,BitHorizon,"I had this game since August of last year, all the way back in Alpha. This game was a bit lacking back then, but these developers have shown extreme dedication to their game and shown us what Early Access is all about. I will be continuing to play this game for years to come."
,Recommended,233250,8485850,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Skali,"Seriously, one of the best RTS I have ever played! The intergalactic combat adds a whole new dimension of fighting. The only problem is that it is really hard to get into the game as a beginner..Anyway, fighting against the KI offers lots of fun as well and if you have a good team you can destroy up to three enemy units until you die!"
76561197975095383,Not Recommended,233250,11992530,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Bawjawz,"It isnt a patch on either TA 1 or Supreme commander.the cartoon style gfx take something away from the sci fi and war elements.the spherical playing area is, I have to confess, a total mindf**k.its really hard to fight...its really hard to work out where to send ytour troops.  its reallyhard to know where the hell you are on the map.i just hated it, in fact.  I have played the rts genre to death since dune2 came out,,,,,from warcraft to C &C and almost everythign else....this one is the one that i just hated....i just fidn it unplayable.maybe my mind just isnt up to the 3d.gutted."
,Not Recommended,233250,11992584,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Tooshay,"For me to recommend this game it had to be better than Supreme Commander Forged Alliance. Unfortunately it isnt. Server side hosting for everything including singleplayer games makes playing it occasionally incredibly frustrating - especially when you lose 30 minutes of a single player game because you lost connection with the server and have to start again.The nature of the game makes the maps less interesting - entire planets sounds good in theory, but in practice just means a big sphere with the occasional break in terrain due to rocks, ocean, or crevices. True bottle necks are rare, which makes defensive play exceedingly difficult.The AI seems to occasionaly fail, for example, enemy commanders spawning in impassable terrain meaning they do nothing all match. Sometimes in Galactic War they just wont expand - playing the whole match with one factory and a handful off resource buildings.Pathing/animations are sometimes very odd, you will often see tanks sliding diagonally, especially in large groups.Finally, Galactic War (the campaign) is just wierd. You can find yourself in situations where you cant win (you have no AA unit tech, they have hundreds of planes) you can also find yourself in situations where you cant lose (you start on a different planet, opponent has no Orbital Tech, so you can just destroy him from space with no opposition)."
76561198064439493,Recommended,233250,11992645,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,SCLightningReaper,My god!!!...I hope you have a monster of a computer that can handle this! unlimited amounts of units can be on the battlefeild on both sides and your only limited by what your computer can handle truely this game is all on you.
76561198030423593,Recommended,233250,11993099,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,ChickenChickenWinnerDinner,"Great Game. Beautiful graphics. A wonderful nostalgic memory of Total Annihilation. If you haven't played Total Annihilation go togog.comand you can get it for 5$ i promise you. If you like this you will like Total Annihilation. But enough about that. Lets talk about Planetary Annihilation. PA(Planetary annihilation) brings the world of TA(Total Annihilation) to space and beyond. You fight with numerous amounts of units, and when you are high enough in level you can get a Space Traveler, and head to new planets. The Color is great, the Graphics are great. If you like TA you will like PA."
76561198024535197,Recommended,233250,11993136,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,chazz_ruleslikemad,"Concept and art.Brilliant.I love how the designers and developers saw how they could add not just a new style, but a new angle of game play of which you can not just colonise planets but USE them as well.The pixel graphics i think were perfect for such a large game. As well as the endless ways to take your enemy's down."
,Recommended,233250,11993205,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Ein,This game is great. A good RTS. So glad its finally launched for realsies. Was that a death star in the trailer?Now its only $30! Buy it and play! It'll be even greater now that there are more people online!
76561198038462492,Recommended,233250,11993231,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,ColdMeat247,"Great game if you like RTS.BUT, you got UBER ♥♥♥♥ed if you paid 95$ for this game months ago. 30$ on launch, WOW!I paid 60$ for the game, i get nothing more than customers buying it right now.Thank you Uber Entertainment, now can i get my 30$ back???"
76561198018946552,Recommended,233250,11993771,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,ArchBuck,"It is a slightly different take on an old genera.  I put it along the lines of starcraft I from a standpoint of mass armies and rapid battles/strategy changes.  Takes attention to multiple fronts simultaneously - in a 3 dimentional atmosphere.  In some ways, more depth to the unit types and / or more natural chokepoints could add more - but a solid game nonetheless."
,Recommended,233250,11868286,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Hobbs2000,"this game was amazing when i was able to play it, just recently everytime i play the game it gets stuck on an unresponsive black screen with no noise or anything. but then again this is an early access game so bugs and glitches are bound to happpen. But thats beside the point, this game sets up a certain senario, its like ""welcome to the game, pepare for hours upon hours of constant playing to get throough one match."" but thats not true. in other similar games, like Civ V, a single match can easly take over an hour, and in Planetary Annihilation the average match is only around 40-48 min. so dont think your going to be overwelmed by being able to colonize different planets, this is because of how fast one can progress in a match. you first build another robot, that robot builds a factory to build robots, which in turn build more robots, them some of those robots go off and build different things, so as you progress things dont go slower, they get faster. so by the time all the teams have built a sizable army it turns into complete war and chaos. and its just so fun so see you base and ""empire"" grow to massize, sometimes indestructable, sizes. Now, IF ONLY I COULD GET THE GAME TO WORK!!!!"
,Recommended,233250,11994672,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Drog,"S'good, simple, smooth. Has good music, nice effects, fun gameplay. Good game by all standards, a fine example of an Real-time strategy game."
76561198005835635,Not Recommended,233250,11995031,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,xrobertcmx,"Not worth the money.  I don't know what I expected, but what I got was Total Annihilation with Supreme Commander 2 graphics and round maps."
,Recommended,233250,11995095,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Rett_,This game has elements like starcraft but it is much much much diffrent from it. I suggest quite a bit of ram and a nice graphics card because of how much you have to load and also the game looks pretty good. So ya.
,Recommended,233250,11995601,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,BattleDonkey,METEOOOOR
,Not Recommended,233250,11995628,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,q308744928,"1.游戏中的视频连接，包括教学是以视频的形式发布的，而且地址来自youtube，天朝的小伙伴们都懂的...2.官方建议低配标准是“游戏最少能吃到4G内存”，注意是游戏最少能吃到4G内存，也就是说使用win7的小伙伴要用物理内存扣掉系统占用内存，而且游戏中还不能开QQ神马的，32位系统的小伙伴还要注意系统只能识别到3G内存。内存不足4G很容易导致各种报错和程序崩溃，基本上就是没法玩的节奏。translate for 歪果仁the offical minimal requirement is 4GB RAM!the game will work on 32-bit system,but the system can only able to recognize 3GB RAM.Win-7 use at least 512MB RAM, so if u have 4GB RAM,there is less than 4GB RAM available for game.the RAM limit might cause freezes or crashes."
,Recommended,233250,11995714,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Cyphersphere,This game replaces 'Forged Alliance' as the 'Best RTS Game'.
76561197976202970,Not Recommended,233250,10755211,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Shatterpoint,"If it worked, it would probably be worth playing. However as is I've tried tweaking my computer and steam and havent gotten it to work so at this point in time Im not going to recommend it till they get their act together and put out a game that can actually be played.As of launch it's still not playable on my machine, I've gotten it to work several times but not consistently. I still can't recommend this now more so since its had an offical launch.Keep trying guys, maybe one day you'll fix this headache."
76561198016588635,Not Recommended,233250,11997628,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Alan the Antelope,"Do not buy, this is a heap of ♥♥♥♥e and broken.  Go buy Supreme Commander instead."
,Recommended,233250,11997804,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,𝓥𝓸𝓵𝓽𝓪𝓰𝒆,Forget the price.This is worth all the planets you crash into...
76561198069679023,Recommended,233250,14025966,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Mr. Goatboy,Great game! You need a pretty heafty computer to play it though!
,Not Recommended,233250,7821476,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Glastry`,"Im' waiting for a better configurationAMD Radeon 7800I5 Quad Corde3.30Ghz8Gb RAMThe game still running about 15 fpsI have better stuff than the recommended configuration and the game is not playableProbably a good game but for the moment, I'm waiting for optimization :("
,Not Recommended,233250,15803202,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,AzureusFlames,i like this gameEDIT UPDATE:this game is dead nowalso this company is a sht company
,Not Recommended,233250,7916931,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,TK421,"Great game! even though its in beta! Needs a little polish work and this would be a grade A title; although i would put it up there with the C&C and Starcraft series! IT'S THAT GOOD!Ive been following this game since alpha and have been waiting to see how things develope and after recent posts on youtube over the gameplay, i had to buy it!  i have to say its quite impressive! Uber has done a great job!I personally would like to see is a more in depth tutorial, the ability to change the enemies AI difficulty (For a new player, just starting out; the current AI (which i would consider Normal/Hard) is a little tough to battle against. Im no noob to RTS' but im definitely no pro) and to be able to PAUSE when playing against AIs. Im sure most people would agree to my slight changes, but still.. that shouldnt keep anyone from buying this gem!EDIT(12/29/2015):Bought this game with high hopes (as you can tell from my original review) the game felt promising and so much was promised to the crowd that would have made this game one of the greatest RTS' of all time. However, Uber has decided to update the game and rerelease it as a whole new game, expecting the followers to buy their new iteration. Thus, abandoning this game."
,Not Recommended,233250,12005576,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Rodrigo Rodriguez,I paid 50 for this game. then they lowered it. Thats BS. Review
76561198078503590,Not Recommended,233250,13083236,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Battle Bear,I got this game that was built on the hope that they will make it better. Then they make a standalone expansion that was asking for even more money when they had not even filled their promise and only added a couple of units and is still very shallow. It was fun I came back every update and hoped but the only thing that is fun anymore is the concept and the explosions.Just get supreme commander
76561197972551642,Not Recommended,233250,8923379,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,seinat,"Had to change my very early thumbs up to a definitive and final thumbs down.  I was a huge fan of Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander, so I had very high hopes for this game, but I found it boring and virtually unplayable.  Buggy, no unit variety, graphically bland, on and on I could go.  I was an early supporter, but now that they've released an expansion rather than a giant patch to fix the game's issues I'm done with this game for good."
76561198063913127,Not Recommended,233250,17662917,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Neutronux,Paid the price for a tripple A title + expansion but got this instead and the possibility to pay again for an update that just was not called update to be able to cash again and/or to reset the already redish reviews from frustrated users. Wished there is a button to permanent ban such companies from your personal view of the store and to remove permanent early access games from your library that you bought in good faith by mistake. Good example how early access should NOT work.
,Not Recommended,233250,10277630,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Rymarre,"♥♥♥♥ it, I quit"
,Not Recommended,233250,12807971,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,VapeGot,"First of all, Titans should be a free expansion for this game, and it is pathetic that uber is releasing another game. Secondly Titans is at the same cost of this unfinished game. Can't believe steam permits this fraud of a company on their app. Sadly, I can't get a refund for my money, and thats all uber wants it seems."
76561198005403195,Recommended,233250,12334900,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Leifanator,"I'm editing this review after a few more hours into the game and a bit of time to mull over my expierence with it.Since I don't do multiplayer RTSs, the singleplayer of PA is fun. BUT, I truly wish it had more to it. It has everything you could want from a game harking back to Total Annihilation, except it's lacking soul. Going from planet to planet scouring for the enemy while continually building up your forces feels (funnily enough) very robotic and lacks the moment to moment ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ Nukes incomming!"" Or ""♥♥♥♥, he's building a super weapon and now I need to bum rush him!"". Instead it's more, ""Nukes inbound, better move my stuff and start building more bases... oh wait, already doing that.""I would heartily recommend during a sale, otherwise, go to GOG and get the classic."
,Recommended,233250,13204639,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Captain,This game is really fun and makes Star Craft 2 look malnourished
76561198095297686,Not Recommended,233250,10583964,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,:D,Dont buy it because ist istn´t finished and they sell the same game (as an standalone dlc)  with the which should in this game...
,Not Recommended,233250,9285165,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Soviet,"EDIT:They ♥♥♥♥ed me.The game is still great. But they ♥♥♥♥ed me. I paid them 90 dollars. Big splash screen: All expansions. But I did it on steam. Not their page. And they ♥♥♥♥ed me. ""Have a discount on Titans!"" What a joke.  Same time, same dollars, same everything, wrong sales platform.My 90 dollars was not worth the same as someone else's."
,Not Recommended,233250,9503734,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Cybernetic,"This game in early development is great sure it's not done yet but when it is it will be the next ""big"" thing... i s  w h a t  i  w o u l d  h a v e  s a i d  a  y e a r  a g o. According to UBER splitting one game in two but adding one new unit in game 2 is a great way to... ? They made up absolutely reason for this, the truth is not only do they w a n t  o u r  m o n e y they don't even give a toss to optimize the bloody game, yet they still charged me $90 d o l l a r s  f o r  a  g a m e  i  c a n 't  r u n. That's right 90$ then they made it $60 and realized they could milk it further by making a n o t h e r  $60 d o l l a r  g a m e. They charged me $90 for a beta.. a BETA.CONCLUSION: Sure it might have good mechanics, but it's hard to get into and as well as being poorly optimized, it's made by UBER who I will never like again."
76561198046499348,Not Recommended,233250,12401960,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Un,* presentation complety misleading (where is the exploration ?). not my game taste.- no pointer in full screen
76561198057344530,Not Recommended,233250,10250097,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Masteronline,you know your game is great when you start off getting your♥♥♥♥♥kicked by bot's with everything in the game while you almost have nothing to start with. sure its changleing but if youre new it wanna make me shut off the game. the concept is cool. but again its very early versions. looking forward to better single player. BUT its grapichs are quite cool and the music is epic. its also lacks a proper tourtail. i am going to edit this when youre game gets to newer versions. but its still an early game!update:BUT this game could be alot better with some path finding ai. seriously my units are runng the planet around and making random stops when they reach their own destination of not my orders still the game is running fine and its all good but the ai is still way to hard for beginers. and the price... the price is horrible. its kinda stupid its not even finshed! this game better be good. but its still early accses.*UPDATE*wow thanks uber. now your going to scam us too. how you ask? well they just released another version of this game WITH MORE CONTENT and pretty much left this game for dead. thanks i didnt need my hard earned cash anyway!
,Not Recommended,233250,15835661,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Fray-Dog,♥♥♥♥ them
,Not Recommended,233250,9160659,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,GayBob Fagpants,♥♥♥♥ OFF SCUM BAGS
,Not Recommended,233250,10992617,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Poiple,I should have read the part about this game requiring an always online connection to the developer.
76561198012817761,Not Recommended,233250,12088940,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Zilt01d,my lousy connection combined with this lousy streaming based only thing just happened to NOT let me experience a single match of PA because the game will crash right away.not given up hope that the developers will do what they promised i still kinda feel deceived. i mean its RELEASED and still not much has happened from my point of view. also i kinda want my money back :(
76561197993314979,Recommended,233250,12089292,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Zaerix,Combat is awesome. Scale and variety of units is amazing. Smashing planets together is brilliant.
,Not Recommended,233250,12089547,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Starraze,Awaiting the finished game as dlc -10/10
76561197970130649,Not Recommended,233250,12089953,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,lorgalis,This game sucks. All I can really say. Wish I could get my money back :/
76561197993574653,Recommended,233250,12091713,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,PseudoFudge,"Awesome game, cant wait till the finished product is out!!!! Mainly just cause I cant stand the lagg at the moment....I have a high end computer and it still does it :( But I hope these guys keep up the good work and get it sorted out soon."
,Recommended,233250,12094990,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Rincewind,Best Game in the Anhialation series
76561198035355599,Not Recommended,233250,12095481,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,gideonrogers65,So far this game dies every time on my new vanilla Windows 7 installation: machine is plenty powerful. No other Steam game does this. Not impressed.
76561198111036433,Recommended,233250,12098510,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Fernix13,"Game is awesome!! i played it for approx 90h, i know, steam says something diffrent, but im playing without steam- bought it on steam, and linked accounts with uber than downloaded game from their web site, steam is ♥♥♥♥ed up. Many features, many tactics, many planets , units and buildings, you can have unlimited army and fleet, you can smash planets or blow them up with ""death star"", nukes, anti nukes. orbital defense platforms, sxx`s fighters, tanks heavy tanks, ships, infrantry, planes, THIS GAME HAS IT ALL!! You can fight on every front, on sea, on ground and in space!! limitless tactics, armies, buildings. If this is not enough for you, than what are you looking for? This is the best RTS i ever played."
76561197994076571,Recommended,233250,12074661,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,shibby,"Maybe I need more than 8 gigs of ram? This is a wicked premise, love the idea. But holy crap! I realllllly would love to see it run smooth, sacrifice something here, I'd put up with only icons for units if it meant I could see what happens when a commander blows up. Also crashes, mucho crashes. I will come back to this game in, like, a year perhaps? What is minimum systems requirements really? Does a 1 gig video card, quad core i7 just not cut it? Love the game, also would love to be able to play it."
76561198042512211,Recommended,233250,12074711,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,amr.shreif,"great idea, and the game looks very cool, it only have some crashs in campaign mode"
,Recommended,233250,12076207,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,bobclean1,fun
76561197972062319,Recommended,233250,12077876,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Axe,"I like Planetary Annihilation a lot. Mechanically, it's a sequel to Total Annihilation and the Supreme Commander games, but not since Homeworld has an RTS captured my attention this way based purely on its tactical gameplay and novel battlefields.It's not perfect, but at probably 70 hours of actual play (as opposed to idling while paused or on the main menu, because life), I have very few complaints.Pro- Epic scope: battle across an entire multi-planet solar system, on land and sea, in air and space- Robust controls: Units can be given a wide variety of orders, and many of them can be applied to an area, instead of just a point.- Indefinite order queuing: All of those robust orders can be set up to occur sequentially ahead of time, with no limit (except perhaps wisdom) to how far ahead you can plan.- Massive super-weapons: Nukes are just the start.  There are laser satellites, engines that let you smash planets into one another, even a copyright-skirting Death Star thing.  Stalemates are unlikely.- No unit cap: Your computer will explode before the game will stop you from building units.- System builder right on the Main Menu: Make solar systems of your very own, with all sorts of crazy parameters and orbital mechanics to explore.- Useful Picture in Picture: It's not just for watching a separate location from the main view. You can use it to give orders.- Replay system: All games can be rewound and watched from any point.- Good mod support: there were even quite a few community mods available at launch.Con- Server issues: Right now, there is no offline play, even for single-player (see ""Lack of promised features on release""). Sometimes, server load or connection issues will cause crashes or unplayable slowdowns.  It's been rare for me, but I have a pretty good connection.- Small player-base: If multiplayer is your thing, you might have a tough time finding a game, especially one against opponents of equal skill. (Again, see ""Lack..."")- Light on context: There is a backstory, but really it is just an excuse for why giant robots are in constant conflict.  If you are looking for story (and with this kind of game, I am not), you will not get it here.- Lack of promised features on release:OK, we're leaving bullet-point land here, because this is where it gets a bit controversial.  All along, developer Uber has been saying that Offline play would be available at launch.  It isn't.  It's coming -- real human beings who do not work for Uber have seen it function -- but it is not yet ready for prime time.  So lots of folks, especially those who backed the game early, but haven't been able to have a good experience with online only for whatever reason, are really angry.There are no mid-battle saves. This is terrible!  Some of these battles can last for hours! I'm a dad, dang it! I don't have that kind of time, at least not all at once (did I mention I spend a lot of time with the game paused?). Again, it's coming, and as it is based on the replay system, there's no reason to think that we won't get it soon.Matchmaking and Ladders are other promised features that have not yet arrived.  I'm of two minds about this: While it would be nice to have them, from what I know of matchmaking algorithms, they work best when there are more players than there currently are.  I am probably not skilled enough a player to care about ladders.Now, the folks who are disappointed by all this do have legitimate reason to complain, because it feels like a promise has been broken (and technically it has). ""They should have delayed the official release until those features are in,"" they say. ""it's been in Early Access this long, why not a little longer?""  Maybe it's because I've been a game developer for a long time, but I do not think the disparity between what was promised at launch and what we currently have is based on dishonesty.Some speculate that Uber ran out of cash, but I don't think that's it.  They (I think unwisely) decided to sell physical copies of their game in brick and mortar stores.  You can't just walk away from those dates. Factory time and shelf space have been reserved. Marketing dollars have been spent.  Given a hard deadline like that, I think they delivered a very solid product, especially since they haven't stopped developing it.  Yes, some of the things they swore would be in are not in, but at least they didn't put a broken game in the box.If you like RTS games, and the cons don't scare you away, then you will likely get your money's worth and more out of Planetary Annihilation.85/100."
76561198086416852,Not Recommended,233250,12078475,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Skoomadealer,"wtf i payed $60 for this in bata, and now its $30. WTF!core game is fun, consept is great, game is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197999629742,Recommended,233250,12078679,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,SheriffofWottingham,"This game has a lot of potential. That being said, the AI has one strategy, rush everything. This needs to change, its disappointing."
76561198095877572,Recommended,233250,12078696,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,cjsancho,"For whatever reason this game refuses to launch, it would be amazing IF IT LAUNCHED"
,Recommended,233250,12078750,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Oldsmobile,Absolutely love this game. Really impressed how you're able to travel from planet to planet alongside using moons and such as weapons. Literally have to always be ready for whatever and keep an eye on everything because if you let your guard down something can come from a few miles over or from across the system. Highly recommend it for anyone that's an RTS fan.
,Recommended,233250,12078828,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,The Wise Guy,"You crash panets, nuff said32/26 Would crash again"
76561197989093652,Recommended,233250,12078850,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Presto,yo why did i pay 50 bucks for this off steam when it came out if you now offer for for cheaper on release date..  game is worth checking out all the same.
76561198088573517,Recommended,233250,12078941,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,HornyPrawny,Played it for days!
76561198156344314,Recommended,233250,12333440,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Znukeshell,This game is beyond fun
76561198049181047,Recommended,233250,12333457,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,{AFC} RayWolfe (=✪ ᆺ ✪=),love this game requires alot of attiontion when playing and there are many ways/stratagies to play.
,Recommended,233250,12333568,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Dak Prescott #4,Hard as♥♥♥♥♥
76561198066778792,Not Recommended,233250,12333883,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,DeeOH,I don't know if it is my fault or what; but even with my laptop that meets the minimum requirements the game crashes when i try to enter a match. There needs to be a good amount of optimization done for the wider spectrum of hardware used
76561197993672453,Not Recommended,233250,12334177,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,grimgrey,"This game has no tutorial (aside from a useless official promo video and some player-made Youtube efforts) and no documentation.  It has always-online DRM. The single player experience feels unfinished and has no save game function.If they ever fix these issues, it will probably be worth buying."
76561198026242597,Not Recommended,233250,12334386,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Lord ilLOminatus,"It's not yet finished, expect it if you decide to play and yes, the dev hyped the planetary war scale of things, it's actually quite small playing field"
76561198057498211,Recommended,233250,12334545,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,TheOriginalEcho45,"Personaly i see potenial for this game but it is missing some things like a story, an animation for when you annihilate a moon or meteor or anything else but it is a good game to play its fun it requires alot of stratergy for when you have let the enermy develop their planet into a fortified base. The battles can go on for awhile which can be fun and some times boring also sometimes the AI dont do anything but build a few power gens and miner things idk what they are called but when the AI doesnt do anything it makes it annoying and less fun but try this game out its worth the moneyP.S sorry for the bad spelling."
,Recommended,233250,12335246,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Blansk,Amazing
76561198048145804,Recommended,233250,12330028,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,General Gak,"I dont really want to say much, this game is awsome, not everything is ingame yet but me and many others believe it will be, if you find it interesting, cool, if not understandable and if you feel you didnt get what you where promist it is also understandable, but time will tell how it will go, I like this game, I think it is cool, that is all."
76561198010680620,Recommended,233250,12336337,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,vampseer,Addicting and difficult. Love it.
,Recommended,233250,12336526,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Draylynn,"Great game... however, not sure how one completes it... or a level.Wiped out all visible enemies on the map, spent nearly an hour waiting around for the ""you win"" scenario, twiddling thumbs etc... nada, nothing."
76561198011201092,Not Recommended,233250,12336835,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Indigoshn,Yet another disappointing game that never left Alpha.
,Recommended,233250,12336925,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,UppyMeister,THIS GAME IS AMAZING
,Not Recommended,233250,12337115,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Hellah,DLC before they finished the game. Thumbs down.
76561198010060335,Not Recommended,233250,12328236,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,random noob,Just another Example of a Company Opening a Project in Early Access. Only to Give up and release an unfinished game abandoning most of the features that were promised to the people who payed 90$ to back the project in the beginning. Companys like this will kill the Early Access Development process. They should not be supported.
,Not Recommended,233250,10231595,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Nethersquid,"The fact Uber wants to call this finished and start making a new game when there  words current game looks like crap unfinished unoptimized bland and repititive are all words that come to mind when iIthink of this game There is one faction with 20 units of which none are unique or different all of them just have a generic weapon, unless im mistaken the unit cannon is not in the game and that is one of the reasons i bought this atrocity unbeknowest that it would never be a reality,4/10- rubbish"
,Not Recommended,233250,12239189,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,E-bone Capone,"Kind of disappointed considering the hype behind this game. As you can tell from my playtime, I haven't spent much time ingame. This is mostly due to the fact that it simply won't run at a playable quality on my pretty decent computer. I can run other games at max settings with no lag, but this game cant even get me into a game without crashing out or freezing up or giving me blackscreen."
,Recommended,233250,11269695,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Ervinache,"Do you like to colonize and destroy planets?Do you like to start huge planetary wars?Do you like to conquer all the galaxyes?If yes , buy this game right now and play it!"
,Recommended,233250,12079238,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,NATOSpyder,"Ok, I take back my previous review, they've improved it quite a lot since the previous build, based upon which I wrote that review.For starters, the game is now fairly well optomized, so long as you don't go around playing on 16 planet systems , you should be able to run it fairly well with any decent graphics card.The graphics are simplistic, but they work, and that's really all that matters in a game that has warfare across an entire solar system.The economy system is quite similar to Supreme Commanders, there are two resources, Metal, which you get from deposits in the ground, marked by a green square, and Energy, which you get from energy production centers, I just call them reactors for the same of simplicity.If you run out of either of these, your production doesn't stop, because you're constantly gatherng more at a fixed rate, this prevents you from getting a massive standing army, like other games with the standard system of  'out of resources, construction paused', but it does allow you to still build, which is good, because by god you are gonna run out of one or two of those materials A LOT.Combat is simple, you just order a unit or group of units to attack an enemy or move by right clicking there. Standard RTS controls.However, where this game really shines is the fact that its scale is MASSIVE. You can go anywhere from oneplanet, in which you have your enemy on your front door, or a 16 planet system ( not recommended, because the optomization isn't that good yet.), or anything in-between. This sense of scale can provide a different experience than other RTS games, as you simply do not know where  your enemies are all the time.The AI is cold, ruthless, and will not hesitate to stomp you into the ground with 10 nuclear weapons and large numbers of units, it will not hold back, and if you don't strike out, IT will, and by god does it.Now, I still have my problems, although it mainly revolves around player tactics.The optomization, while certainly having been improved, still isn't quite good enough, it takes it a large amount of processing power, and the game has a tendency to lag, even on the lowest of graphics settings on a six core processor and a GTX 760, with the larger number of planets.Another problem would be the amountof time it takes for the game to generate a system, it can take upwards of 15-30 minutes to generate a larger system, which, needless to say, kinda takes the fun out of the game when you do, and suddenly...You're steamrolled out of nowhere by a swarm of tech one assault bots that you have no hopes of countering.You see, this is my main gripe with the game now, the tactics people use, it's too often that people, as soon as they find out their opponant is on the same planet as them, just spam factories, and spam Dox assault bots at them, before they can get any form of counter, this completely and totally sucks the fun out of the game, and then there's the fact that orbital constructors can build teleporters, which I have no real problem with, except for the fact that those teleporters can teleport about 3000 units in 3 seconds across the entire system and steam roll that entire planet.Overall, worth it, but the game still needs optomization, and the community ( atleast that of which I've seen.) needs to improve their tactics a bit beyond early game rush, which provides no real challenge, and by extension, no real fun."
76561197998194399,Not Recommended,233250,11380759,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,gsnowkibo,"In it's current state I find that it has to many bugs and is too uncomplete to be played. The problem with Steam Early Access is that you never know if the game is already playable or not. This game seems very promising, but at the rate that it's progressing it'll be a while until it'll get out of early access. If you want to give bug reports to the developer while paying them money or you want to repeatley voice your opinion to influence the development process ever so slightly (or not at all) then go ahead and buy this. Otherwise wait for some major price drop or until game release day."
,Recommended,233250,11289479,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Zysyx,The only problem I have is that it's not enough like TA but it's fairly close.
76561197971863175,Recommended,233250,11292236,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,salami_tsunami,"If you ever played Total Annihilation or Supreme Commander, you should get this game. Even in beta (""gamma"") it's really, really fun.HOWEVER, if you never played any of those games, it's a lot of systems and new ideas to take in, the learning curve can be kind of steep. But the payoff is worth the investment in time, and it becomes intuitive, feeling like a badass raining metal robot death on everything with an unstoppable fleet of bombers or orbital bombardment..."
,Recommended,233250,11386759,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Star 5iege,9/10Quite expensive!Pretty fun and good graphics.
76561198097871133,Recommended,233250,11396879,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Templar,"very fun and tough game, graphics and gameplay are great, only down side is I dont like the camera controls and the game doesnt allow the player to save during skirmish mode against AI"
76561198019154341,Not Recommended,233250,11412349,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Monsieur Popaul,"I'm really on the fence about recommending this game or not. The game itself is great. The design is amazing: the planets and units are really good looking and fun to watch. The gameplay is fun: massive battles with lots of units and buildings, tons of destruction and a sense of overwhelming massiveness when looking at the entire planet and its moons. So, with all these good qualities, how can I not enjoy this game ? It's quite simple, really. It's really unforgiving for newcomers. The gameplay itself being somewhat different to your regular RTS game (by that I mean that it's all about expanding more and more instead of being about gestion of ressources), you might find yourself having trouble grasping the basics of the game. That wouldn't be a problem, if the game had a wide variety of difficulty settings to choose from. But it doesn't. When you open the game for the first time, your options are limited. You can do the tutorial, which at this point is mandatory if you want to understand even just a little bit how to play. You can go into a game against bots, and get completely destroyed by an incredibly powerful war machine, even on the lowest difficulty. You can also go into a multiplayer match, and get completely destroyed by an incredibly powerful war machine, even though it's a human being. Or you can go on Youtube or Twitch and watch hours of strategy guide so you can have an idea of how to actually survive, without the fun of learning that by yourself.All in all, the only thing this game lacks is a difficulty setting made for newcomers interested in learning about the product by trial and error, without the annoyance of being obliterated over and over againg before getting the chance to learn how to build a certain unit. If you are the kind of person who likes being beaten up and spit on repeatedly until you become good, this game is for you. If you're like me, however, and you want to enjoy the few free hours you have in a week to play a videogame that's not frustrating, you might want to wait to see if the developpers add something for you. In any case, think before you buy."
76561198020359436,Recommended,233250,11413635,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Kfknf911,mac users should buy a pc if they like gaming
76561198063661597,Recommended,233250,11413808,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,BloodFlows,"Just wanted to write a *kudos* to you/your team.  Being a programmer, I created a quote years ago that goes ""It is easy to make a program, it is hard to make a program easy"".  Thank you for doing the hard work making PA easy/easier.  Your toil and turmoil is much appreciated.  *big kudos*In case you want a face with the text, I distribute progams I write at work for others athttps://lcc.ctc.edu/demo/projectlid, I showcase my 'doodles' athttp://timeforyourmind.com, and provide outside work tech stuff at my other sitehttp://goldborder.com.I just provided those to put a face/person to the other side of the screen, as digital removes so much 'human' touches.Thank you again.8D...ave"
,Recommended,233250,10869737,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Fatality,The game is very good considering it is in gamma version as of right now and has a lot of potential for future development. The only downside right now is that it has a few bugs such as the multiplayer server list some times doesn't load and the program doesnt respond but its expectable with a early access game.
76561197987140704,Recommended,233250,10872960,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Omni,"A promising new RTS.  If you liked total annihilation or supreme commander, you will probably enjoy this.  No supply cap, streaming economy, huge interplanetary battles, nukes, planet collision attacks, and more.  I really enjoy this game, despite a few small bugs due to being an early access beta.  I look forward to the final version!"
76561198103285848,Recommended,233250,10875492,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Questionable Argonian,"Right now while I am writing this the Developers are hard making this game work better, its still a good game but it isn't even finished! I wouldn't wait for it to be playable I'd buy it early when it isn't as much money, this game is gonna go big when its reached the finish line and its gonna get that Gold Trophy that the other Stagic Games want!I'd say this is similar to Supreme Commander, but with out the huamans and more expolistions and guns and pew pew pew!Its awesome, you should get it soon"
,Recommended,233250,10985880,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Basj,"Altho i bought it in the sale, it would've been worth the full buck! Haven't had allot of lag like i see people complaining about, there are some minor bugs, like when u try to send a batallion over a bridge and half of them fall off, but i'd say it's very close to retail quality."
76561198044589478,Not Recommended,233250,11009458,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Merried Seinor Comic,"Broken beyond repair. Updated my entire system, deinstalled the game, reinstalled the game, restarted my computer and wifi sever times, all to know avail, as I get 'pa.exe has stopped working' whenever I enter a match. Would highly not recommend."
,Recommended,233250,11010277,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Soixante,"I was skeptical buying this first feeling it would be inferior to the original game from the 1990s, Total Annihilation, but I was wrong, it is supirior in alot of ways, my only 2 complaints is I dont like the default controls and I found the multiple planet system confusing for a while."
76561198051843799,Recommended,233250,11010755,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,CookingCrowd,Too Good! Buy it Now!
,Recommended,233250,11011126,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Rayner the Almighty,I died by the AI crashing a planet into me. I did not know what to say for the next 30 minutes.This game is AMAZING!11/10
,Recommended,233250,10997492,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,DukeFlukem,Just play supreme commander until this is actually finished.
,Not Recommended,233250,11000336,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Le Chevalier d'argent,"This game is a supreme Commander rip-off, it borrows most concepts from SC.This RTS is so simplistic, there's no upgrading or research, you just build units and expand from that point onward which is extremely boring and lacks progression. The controls are awkward and the fact that if you build a structure too near a metal extraction point like.. a football field away, you cannot build on that extraction point.Call it a bug, call it bad design, but this game is terrible, perhaps the only idea they have is the full 3d world feature, but even that is bugged down by the awkward and annoying controls in which to navigate."
76561198026216742,Recommended,233250,11000802,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Grievous,Lots of units and ways to eliminate the other players. Very enjoyable experience for anyone who enjoys large scale strategy games. Very similair feeling to Supreme Commander 2.
,Recommended,233250,11003986,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Aysidem,Crashes very constant. It's really anoying. But the game itself is fun!
,Not Recommended,233250,11224934,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,G.G.,"My god what a facepalm. In theory and concept this game is wicked awesome but when they promote things you can't actually do in game.... boring. Lots of beautiful concepts that the original Total Annihilation didn't have but they lost the core wonder of Total Annihilation which was: thousands of ways to decimate your enemies. My god, Supreme Commander was better designed than this! I'm glad this is in early access, because if this was the final product it isn't worth $10 bucks much less $40+ Does not earn the seal of approval."
76561198104012655,Recommended,233250,11249573,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,collinpgibboney,fun
76561198039809331,Not Recommended,233250,11252581,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,DB Cooper,"wait until the game is finished..if its finished.  Right now the performance is a warm load of♥♥♥♥♥♥  It takes forever to load games and they can be choppy even with a good computer.  However, It is really exciting if you like lots of explosions and big battles."
,Not Recommended,233250,10251273,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,MonsterNeal,game has so many issues when it comes to smooth gameplay and tons of bugs. now u understand this is not the full release game but.. there goal on funding was 900k and now they are well over 2million if i remember it was 2.5million what they hit. they have the funds to at least make the game playable. it takes me 30 minutes to a hour to find a game that will launch due to the servers. and single player doesnt work for me at all. I have a i7-4770 CPU 16GB ram and a gtx780 and i have to run game on medium with no shadows and i still hit major game lag at some points. i regret buying the game due to i dont think this game will ever be polished at the rate they are going. Other then that I am very very sad because this game is allot of fun
76561197971327080,Not Recommended,233250,11128186,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Thraxus,Crap at the moment do not waste your money.
76561198092703897,Recommended,233250,10240163,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Jackass,will not work i have gotten a few games out of it but could not play more then 2 games without it crashing please fix i really enjoyed the few games i have played though
,Recommended,233250,11283054,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Code2200,I like it though it still needs a little work. Also really bummed that shields aren't being put in. I love building huge bases RTS's and loved the aspect of shields in supcom. Hoping they change their minds about implementing some type of shield system. Other then that its a nice game flows great awesome moments for winning and lossing all in all a great way to pass the time by and get lost in world that you hold some control in. Wish I would have gotten it sooner.
76561198044923337,Recommended,233250,11370386,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Grim Reaper,they forgot the unit gun
,Recommended,233250,11372692,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,HoopyFrood,While still a lot of work to do before the 1.0 release the game is shaping up to be an excellent successor to TA and SupCom.
76561198121352544,Not Recommended,233250,11677663,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Gike,"AI is not very new player friendly, even on the most easy difficulty i cant get but a few fighting units before my base is destroyed. i know im a bad player but i just wish that there was a begginer difficulty where it would take a few minutes before they all out attacked my base, so i could get started and learned which stratagy works best then try it on more difficult settings. iv tryed the galactic war and i cant win a single battle, makes me want to uninstall and think it was a waist of money."
76561198057976081,Not Recommended,233250,11677761,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,arcos36,The is good and is fun to play but... FOR GOD SAKE i need stay connected with the servers in single player and i lost the godamit connection every 15 min. This game has no need to stay connected to internet in single player mode so i don't recommend for this problem if you live in brazil forget abou play this.
,Recommended,233250,11678096,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Travis5757,"The best strategy game i have ever played, I only say this because it is the only strategy game i enjoy playing.  I have played Starcraft and Civilization but this is the only strategy I know of that I enjoy playing.  The game is extremely rapid paced so be ready for the AI to be at your door step in no time.  Its great in how there is no limits too.  You can build as many units as you want and I'm also in favor of the stream line economy which is something that I haven't used in a strategy game before.  I highly recommend this game if you enjoy strategies or don't."
,Recommended,233250,11679221,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,JP,"Smash moons into moons, then smash them again."
,Recommended,233250,11680020,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,T&T: Triggered and Tilted,Amazing game to play with friends. And even if you are losing and you own space... you win.Honnestly 10/10 one of my most favorite real time stratagy games... up there with starcraft :P
,Not Recommended,233250,11680657,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Volatile100,I can't play because of crashing every time i try to load a map or and level. :(
76561198012638940,Recommended,233250,11680665,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,NAZDEE,have not played for a while.
76561198039364142,Not Recommended,233250,11680757,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Hazzi K (Pro Shufflez),This game is a great concept but as discribed not finished. The servers are unstable even for singleplayer. So my advice is to wait untill this game is 100% finished before purchasing.
76561198006695110,Not Recommended,233250,11680850,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Papi,"Sorry, I like the idea, but it's been in 'early access' way too long.  Maybe if it eventually develops a good single player campaign with a decent story I wouldn't have so much buyers remorse...    <sigh> I've never bought an early access game that I haven't wound up feeling that I wasted my money...Early access that I've bought and regretted:StarboundPlanetary AnnihilationStarDrive"
,Recommended,233250,11744027,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,MygingerguyYT,"Uber Entertainment has worked on a Really Fun And Destrctive for you and your friends! i highly recommend this Early Access Game They have been working on this Planetary Universe War Game, i really get it now if i were you!"
76561197966605236,Recommended,233250,11716992,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Topsy,Fun fun fun
,Not Recommended,233250,11733447,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Abyssal Lamprey,"I bought this under the pretense that it would feel like a successor to Total Annihilation. While it does maintain -some- of the game feel from its spiritual ancestor, it appears to take much more from a different game: StarCraft, specifically the Korean eSports version of StarCraft. Everything is based on how fast you can click and how well you know your build order. There's no time to strategize (not really, anyway) or set up your base as you like it. You throw everything down as fast as possible and try to be the first one to exit the atmosphere, then your opponent can't get up there without you knocking them down and then you win.Even though the game isn't at full release, it looks nice and stylized, though there are PLENTY of bugs they've yet to work out. Gunfire particles remain long after battle has ended and the units have moved on, lots of crash bugs when loading into a battle, and lots of textures seem to pop in and out at random, especially on planet surfaces. The terrain varies little except from land to water occassionally, which, going back to my original comment about TA, is highly disappointing. TA had lots of altitude and weather variants which had a subtle, but tangible effect on combat; both weather and altitude displacement are absent.Honestly, this feels much more like Supreme Commander than Total Annihilation, and that is not a good thing. While Supreme Commander had its moments of charm and a few interesting mechanics, it was no true jewel. It was a game of 'who can spam the fastest' and that's what PA tends to boil down to. If you can build enough T1 units fast enough, you can just zerg your opponent to death or vice versa. Every single match.And don't try to play single player. Unless you're already damned good at clicking buttons insanely fast, the AI will outpace you no matter what. Even on the lowest difficulty setting (which is 'Normal' for some reason), you get stomped, sometimes on your first encounter. I'm also not a fan of randomly unlocking tech trees via exploration. It makes the whole game a dice throw, with your opponent easily able to out-tech you if you happen to explore the wrong planets first. On top of that, you're limited in your tech from the get go because you have to choose a commander type, which narrows your starting tech down to a single tree or, as you (somehow) unlock other types, thinly spread smatterings of multiple trees.And finally, microtransactions. They shoehorned in paid commander skins just in case that crowdfunding AND the $30 price tag wasn't enough to pay for this beast.I really, really, REALLY wanted to like Planetary Annihilation, but I hate it. And that makes me sad, one, because I love the guys at Uber Entertainment. I loved Monday Night Combat, despite the small player community. And two, because I've been pining for a successor to TA for years. This is a successor to Supreme COmmander, without a doubt, not Total Annihilation. Don't let the title and the pitch mislead you like it mislead me."
76561198013450503,Not Recommended,233250,11740787,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Saddam[LTU],"I really was looking forward to this game as there are so few RTS games now with base building / resource gathering. But it was a total dissapointment. The most crucial thing that makes this game so boring is that maps are not giving any tactical advantages/disadvantages. Basicallythe whole gameplay is: Build gazillion of units as fast as you can and attack your opponent with whatever you have. Game feels really polished, and I feel this could have had such a huge potential with those ideas, but the gameplay gets boring way... way too fast. 3-5 skirmishes and this will be gathering dust in most buyers accounts. And theres nothing now the devs can do. Unless they want to start from scratch."
,Not Recommended,233250,11490934,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,theCush,"I'm sorry but this game could be an expensive phone app. I like the whole ""Moons can be launched at other worlds"", but it is really hard to pull of before your base gets destroyed or you run out of resources."
76561198024239297,Not Recommended,233250,11494406,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,ross.inglis,"I've put some hours into this game, but it continues to have serious probems.Several rounds of updates seem to have ignored some very basic issues with camera and unit control.Recent updates actually seem to be moving backwards in terms of reliabilty. Units are now getting stuckand ignoring orders on a regular basis.I'm giving up on this one.  Maybe I'll check back in a year or so, thats about the time it seems the developersare going to need to come up with anything playable."
,Recommended,233250,11710716,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Горячий Мороз,Built a crucifix out of nuclear missile silos and decimated an entire planet.11/10 would nuke again
76561198070176593,Recommended,233250,11708463,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Dragoteon,"get it, get it now."
76561198049308830,Not Recommended,233250,11709560,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,qazwsx60,have no idea if this is a good game as it keeps crashing!!!!!
76561197988728542,Recommended,233250,11695923,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Dad,The game star craft wishes it was.
,Not Recommended,233250,11696109,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Me3po,"Every time I try to play it, it crashes. I can't believe I paid money for it."
,Not Recommended,233250,11702264,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,World's Eyebrow,"1) (As of Galactic War update) When the working memory set for making an exciting game is upwards of 6G, then I start doubting the efficacy of this game.2) No 'casual' difficulty for folks who want to play just to blow stuff up without a care.3) Custom systems seem to only be available in Multiplayer. See LostSoulsQc's review for reasons why I'm leery about multiplayer. I want to play my own maps without having to virtualize elsewhere except on my own PC!!4) Apparently, my Twin Frozr III R6950 STILL isn't enough to handle a mid-sized system at middle graphics settings. Optimize your program!5) Signing in for single player is terrible form.Clean up your act, Uber."
76561198038392475,Recommended,233250,11483749,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,TheNoyZ1,This game is absolutely fantastic! The game is an extraordinary edge into its genre! Get it!
,Recommended,233250,11483807,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Earthshreker,"Very, very, VERY buggy on 64bit Linux. Previous builds were unplayable for me because the game simply refused to run on my integrated graphics card. About ~2 weeks ago, I was actually able to run it. And boy, did I run it. Great game(even though I have to exit the game and restart after each battle) Hopefully it will be better ported to the *nix's with future builds."
,Recommended,233250,11485408,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Thy Majestical Pookachu,BUY DIS GAME
76561198046525280,Recommended,233250,11486233,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,troubled_offspring,Pretty much need 12gb or more ram to run this with out problems on bigger maps.  It the biggest rampig i own.   great game though if your system is up for it
,Recommended,233250,11486650,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,EG |Ed|,"I love the game, although it is a system hog. I would like it to be more like Supreme Commander but all and all a fun game."
76561198083396643,Recommended,233250,11487228,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,remingtoncdude,"This game is great! I recently bought it when is was on sale, and it was a great choice. I'd recommend waiting for it to go on sale though, because, while this game is awesome I still think it is outrageously over priced. But, other than the price, this game is great! Even while playing single player its fun, but multiplayer is where it gets to the uber levels of awesomeness! Me and my friend played, and while he was assembling an invasion on my planet, I was weaponizing a moon! I put boosters on it and flew it straight into his planet. It left a HUGE crater. Anyways, the game looks really good, feels really good, and is not hard to figure out what is going on. I would probably watch the tutorial. I didnt, but it didnt take long for me to learn the controls and stuff. One last con that I have, is that you get a pretty beefy gaming computer to play it. I have a REALLY good computer, but even on this thing, it still drops FPS from like 60 to 48. I know thats not a whole lot, but I dont want anybody to waste money on a game that wont even run on their computer. The game is great, highly recommend it, get it!11/10"
76561198018170889,Recommended,233250,11550674,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Johnny Reb,"Even with this game being in early access its one of the best strategy games that i have ever played. Im a fan of the total war series, Grand Ages Rome, and other various games but this one tops all of them. With massive armies and the base building this game is just a blast to play. When you play with friends this game can get really competitive and exciting.The great things about this game are the massive armies, the base building, and the galatic warefare like sending a nuke from one planet to the other or sending your moon into the rival planet. I recommend this game to all 10/10"
,Recommended,233250,11513869,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,lhepler,This is a truly amazing game. Supreme Commander has nothing on this.
,Recommended,233250,11544703,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Free Butthoel Inspection,"Bretty good if you area fan of RTS games, i could spend hours playing it"
,Recommended,233250,11529457,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Potonho,"Jogo locão das dorgas, recomendo forte mas so se for jogar free for all com pelo menos 6 pessoasFreaking crazy game, recommend with 6 or more players on FFA"
76561198081782203,Recommended,233250,11530372,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,RelyksZv,"I'm gonna make this very short and very simple.This game is GREAT. Made by the devs of Supreme Commander, it is such as that like, but with a refreshing twist. I only say for people who want to get it, wait until the game matures.It has very great potential. Just wait for it."
,Recommended,233250,11542676,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Big McLarge Huge,"I'm giving this a thumbs up, but it's very close to a thumbs down. Read for infoThis game is great from a gameplay standpoint. You have a ton of strategies and counter strategies available to you. The AI is very competent and IMHO surpasses the AI in other great strat games like Supreme Commander. That said, the game starts to fall apart on the tech side of it.The system req's state that you need 4GB of RAM to play this game. That is nearly a lie. 4GB will let you play one enemy on a single, tiny planet. The amount of RAM needed depends on the size of the map (number of planets, size of planets, etc) and the number of AI players.4 medium sized planets with 1 enemy AI player will use 8GB easy. In the campaign, you fight unique commanders and two of their minions (3 AI) on special maps. These maps are large, 4+ planets. And with 3 AI opponents, if you don't have 16GB of RAM or more, you're game will freeze and the match will become unplayable. Considering that these large 3v1 fights are the highlight of the campaign mode, saying you only need 4GB of RAM is pretty dishonest. To experience all of the game, you will need every bit of 16GB. You're RAM will be your bottleneck for this game.Other issues include units constantly getting stuck and clipping through the ground. This happens a lot of metal planets, making them nearly unplayable.This game is still in development. You're essentially paying to beta test it, so keep that in mind before your purchase. While fun, don't believe the incredibly off-the-mark minimum system specs. You will need an up-to-date and very highly spec'd system in order to play this game, make no mistake."
76561197972276700,Not Recommended,233250,11454055,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Jock,"Waste of time. Once you get past the planets stuff, it's just a dumbed down Supreme Commander.What made Total Annihilation a good game was the 3D, and ironically, almost 20 years later, there's nothing to exploit 3D terrain. No ""high ground"" to build your turrets, few to no line of sight problem. 95% of maps are just wastelands.TOTAL ANNIHILATION HAD BETTER PATHFINDING, how is that even possible ? There's no excuse.Uber just tried to cash on the total annihilation fame to make this.The ""it's just an alpha/beta/gamma/whatever"" is just an excuse for the extraordinary amount of bugs I found in just a little more than 10 hours of game.Just go play Forged Alliance."
,Recommended,233250,11467757,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,New Daddy The loli priest,"If you like C&C especially the tiberium series, this is that on steroids!made bots with goo, made a spacestation. crushed a moon into a planet.10/10"
,Recommended,233250,2975809,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,jjoffer,simply AMAZING!!!
,Recommended,233250,11497674,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Veslefrikk,Fun but got a few quirks here and there. Will recomend this to the people I know for sure ;)
76561198004018667,Recommended,233250,11499635,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,FUBAR,Great rts here
76561198078917633,Recommended,233250,11501059,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Minimal,"There are certainly plenty of bugs including total loss of functionality randomly in the game, they can say they disclaim literally everything by saying ""It's in Gamma release!"", but hey, they are selling it so here it goes!Overall: Enjoyable!Besides the major bugs, the game is in a stage right now where it is hopelessly unbalanced. I get the feeling they are trying to put in ""neat"" stuff which I can get behind but it creates a game where you can be defended to the teeth and then your entire planet explodes out of nowhere TO WHICH YOU CAN PROVIDE NO DEFENSE!!! (LOL!)There are situations where as far as I can tell infiltrating another planet is almost impossible unless you have been lucky enough to run in to a technology that happens to counteract that which in my personal experience is rare.Besides the hilariously bad decisions in development I am glad I bought it so far, but I am just hoping it does not turn in to something that is never finished."
76561198121362415,Recommended,233250,11507617,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,CoolGuy07,great ui astonishong destruction capabiltys
76561198035635959,Not Recommended,233250,12354078,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,mrnotcrazy,"The game might be fun but half way through multiple matches the game forces me back to the main menu because it cant connect to the server. Thats whats supposed to happen in multiplayer games but I was versing AI... The fact that the game always has to be online is a game breaker, dont buy this until they fix it."
,Recommended,233250,12354168,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,SasquatchRobot,"I really do enjoy this game. I love RTS style games, but I hate them for multiplayer (I make terrible decisions against human opponents). Thankfully, Skirmish and the galactic war mode give me plenty of fun. Will be even more excited when this game has an offline mode (as was promised). Alot of the negative reviews for this game are pretty shallow and petty. It's not Total Annihilation or SupCom, but I still think it's a great game."
,Not Recommended,233250,12354216,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Prometheus,Their game is not what they promised it would be and now they are trying to get funding for another game when they have not even finihsed this game. Don't spend your money on this game.
76561198007363804,Not Recommended,233250,12354759,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Wagnerfan1867,"PA makes me really wish steam did refunds, or better yet pulled games from their store if they don't work properly or are given the cold shoulder by devs when the development of the game clearly isn't completed.Want to play singleplayer without some serious input lag? If you don't have a perfect internet connection, too bad.Want the developers to actually do something about it? Too bad, but support our new game on kickstarter plsCongratulations for being EA-tier pathetic, Uber Entertainment.I'm trying to play games from an island in the pacific ocean, not silicon valley.It's my own fault for getting distracted by the pretty colours and forgetting to read the customer reviews first. But shame on you.Good to see it was at 50% off, so I can at least console myself in knowing I could have wasted twice as much money if I'd bought it earlier."
76561197970638165,Not Recommended,233250,12355371,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Stinger [CH],"So much potential, not enough game."
,Recommended,233250,12355482,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,CastVenus,"just bought this game, admittedly its frustratingly hard against bots, because there is no easy mode, its grreeaaaat, with more development , this game could become one of those amazing games that you just cant put down for hours , but makes you wanna jump off a cliff in frustration. NEEEDDSSS TUTORIAL!"
,Not Recommended,233250,12355695,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Link00T,"Lots of potential, but very little fun. It gets boring very quickly, plus it feels like the game is still in beta at best. Dont buy, just play supreme commander forged alliance, it has far more depth."
76561198021845504,Not Recommended,233250,12355842,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Demonicus,"No tutorial = FAIL!!!  And what is all that crap on the right side of the menu screen?  Looks like links to videos and twitch feeds, but I click on them and nothing happens.  WTF???I've played RTSs for about two decades, and this one looks good, but isn't - at least that is my first impression.  I don't want  to go searching YouTube to figure out how to play this thing.  I want a freakin tutorial.  Glad I got it for half price.  I would be completely livid had I paid full price.  Yet another game that has made me lose a little more faith in kickstarter efforts.Refund please.Click - uninstall."
76561198003827281,Not Recommended,233250,12355854,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,smartcircle,"I am going to be clear. I love Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance. I am not very good at the game, but I strive to be better and love watching commentary of online matches. I got the game a few months before Planetery Annhilation started in early access, and was very excited for Planetery Annhilation. I simply hoped that Planetery Annhilation would be Supreme Commander and Total Annihilation, but on a much larger scale.And in the first few months of early access, that was exactly what Planetery Annhilation was. There was only one faction, and the two types of land unit were not very different, but I figured more unit and faction variety would be added in later.In the first month of play, however, i started to get bored. The strategy was always the same. All you had to do was zerg rush the enemy until they were dead. Games usually ended before any orbital play was involved, defeating the entire point of the game. I used to like Starcraft, till I realized games usually lasted around ten minutes, and Supreme Commander games could be much longer. But Planetery Annhilation matches are around ten minutes, maybe a little more.Little focus was placed on management of your economy, and it was very easy to have massive amounts of excess resources. I held out hope, however, and watched each new update eagerly, waiting for the big change that would make the game like its predecessors.That change never came. There was only ever one faction, with the same units. The differences between the units never really changed. The strategy continued to be the same. And then, the game was actually declared finished and released.In this state, Planetery Annhilation is maybe worth around five dollars, not thirty. If more work is done on the game, so that there are more factions, more units, and longer games, and more focus on orbital play, then I would recommend this game.But now, your money could be better spent."
,Not Recommended,233250,12355922,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Clone727,"It feels like they made no progress after they put this game up on kick starter.The one thing (blowing up planets) that made it original, is the only reason to play and you will never play a game long enough to do it.Go back to Star Craft and Age Of Empires, don't waste your time here."
,Not Recommended,233250,12356687,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Seafood,This game does not deliver on its potencial. As a huge fan of the original Supreme Commander game I was looking forward to this as a spiritual sucessor. Unfortunatly while the new features are exiting the core gameplay is not fleshed out. Many features from Supreme Commander don't make it into this game and I found myself wishing I was playing that instead. The game plays like a striped down worse version of supreme commander. I'm disapointed that Under Entertainment considers this game to be complete enough to leave beta.If this game looks like something you might be interested in buy Supreme Commander instead.
76561198115519471,Recommended,233250,12319217,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,TurdNugget,Must buy if you are a fan of RTS. Completely new style of gameplay epic.
76561198039433492,Not Recommended,233250,12125746,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,cptKillbot,After having waited for so long and backed from the get go on Steam and forking over way to much money I am very disappointed. I don't always have the opportunity to play online and that is the only way to play this.... And if I only want to play single player I have yet to see any notice of the super weapons. The campaign is dull and uninteresting and there is just so much that was promised that has failed to be delivered. 0.5/10
76561197996714002,Not Recommended,233250,12126201,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,BusySlim,"Crap, Overpriced, Not meeting up to expectations - and holy s**t they only just released this game officially and there is a paid DLC already?, with the game not even properly working and finished!!!!   ENOUGH!!!  PIctures lie about the game and how it really is, SO DON'T GET SUCKED IN.  It makes C&C 4 almost seem a good buy (and that was really s**t!)"
76561198094609585,Recommended,233250,12126781,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Dowdrick,"This is one of the funnest RTS games ive played In a while. Its fast paced and Stratigic. Are you a fast acting infantry commander or a High Flyin Bomder wing commander, are you an offinsive swarmer of endless units or do you perfer to dig in deep with inpenitrable definces then strike with orbital death rays.....well it dosent matter cause your opposition will annihalate you by any means nessiary!!!!!!!!!"
76561197976494420,Not Recommended,233250,12127573,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Squad Leader,"tried to blow up a planet 18 times, each time the enemy commander died and the game ended before i had a chance.1/10"
,Recommended,233250,12128686,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Jon from IKEA,"For someone who wants to destroy the entire world, this game is very very satisfying. Yet frustrating since it still has a ton of bugs to work out. 7.5/10"
76561198095986175,Not Recommended,233250,12129140,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,defuse,"I would love to review this game, but it was extemely unstable as i bought it in July 2014. Now the missions refuse to start at all. Somehow i don't feel like beta testing."
