user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,233350,9246754,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Nerd House,"Sudeki's a “But… if…” game, which are always the hardest ones to review. The “but” comes from a handful of mitigating factors: it’s fun, but easy; interesting, but derivative; initially engaging, but soon begins to feel rushed. Every positive facet of Sudeki comes with an accompanying drawback.The “if,” of course, is that if you like action-RPGs, there is nothing in Sudeki that will actually harsh your mellow. It’s not a bad example of its genre by any stretch of the imagination, and is often really entertaining despite its flaws, presuming that you like the genre in the first place.Sudeki is set on a world of the same name, which warring gods have split into opposing realms of light and shadow. The game begins in the kingdom of Illumina in the Light realm, where a soldier named Tal splits his time between defending the countryside from berserk Shadow monsters, flirting with the princess Ailish, getting yelled at by his father, and being the lone survivor of any mission he’s sent on.In the aftermath of a battle, the god Tetsu appears to Tal, and lets him know that an end is coming; the current troubles between the Light and Shadow worlds are just the beginning of a larger struggle. Tal, Ailish, a demihuman warrior named Buki, and Illumina’s head scientist Elco have been chosen by the gods to combat the forces of the Realm of Shadows, whether they like it or not.Sudeki will frequently allow you to control at least two of your characters simultaneously. Like Knights of the Old Republic, any PC who’s not under your direct control at the moment is controlled by the CPU; unlike KOTOR, you move your active character in real-time. Tal and Buki are short-ranged melee fighters, controllable in third-person and attacking via a timing-based combo system, while during a fight, Ailish and Elco move and shoot in first person.You can switch between the members of your current group at any time using the Black button, which is excellent for micromanaging difficult battles. Each character brings a unique mix of skills and statistics to the table; Tal is basically a meatshield, Buki is a mobile attacker, Ailish wields spells and high-damage magical staves (one of her later weapons is not so much a magical cane as a two-shot rocket launcher), and Elco provides covering fire using a variety of pistols.The fun of Sudeki is largely in the combat. A battle’s usually a chaotic melee, full of flying projectiles, charging opponents, devastating spells, and unpleasant surprises. A lot of people have claimed that Sudeki is a button-masher, and if you want, you can hammer on attack buttons all damn day. If that’s your kick, go to it.The reality is that Sudeki's combo system is actually designed to punish button-mashing. Tal and Buki’s melee combos depend largely on timing, forcing you to land two quick hits in preparation for a devastating finisher or a series of juggles. Anyone who’s trying to get through the game just by hammering on X or A isn’t going to do as well as a player who studies opponents, looks for an opening, and lays into them with a careful string of hits.Meanwhile, Ailish and Elco’s job is to hang back from the melee and rain death upon anyone who isn’t looking. The more powerful their weapons, the more recharge time they’ll generally have between shots, which means you’ll need to dodge and weave to stay on your feet. Once again, you can just hold down the trigger and spray death at your enemies, but the low hit strength of the weapons with a high rate of fire means that you’re really spraying minor annoyance.Out of combat, each character has a further unique ability which allows you to discover secrets and solve puzzles. Tal can push around local designated Shoving Objects, such as crates. Buki can climb up walls using her claws, Elco’s rocket pack lets him fly as long as there’s a yellow crystal handy to power it, and Ailish possesses Second Sight, allowing her to penetrate and dispel illusions.When you level up, you can spend advancement points to raise each characters’ stats and teach them up to six skills. In villages, you can further improve a character by welding magical runes to his armor or weapons, providing power boosts, special abilities, or immunity to status attacks. (The latter’s important, since everyone and their mom in Sudeki can inflict status ailments on your party. It’s not unusual to have two or three going at once.)This is usually the point where I ineptly segue into discussing a game’s flaws, but aside from some dodgy character design (I hope you like Buki’s♥♥♥♥♥ because thanks to the gods of Sudeki, you’ll be staring at it for a long time), Sudeki plays just fine. The biggest problem it has is that there isn’t enough of it.For one thing, Sudeki is dead easy. Part of this is because Elco gets his best weapon about four hours into the game. With a little work and a few levels, he’ll be popping conventional enemies like a grape with one or two shots. This comes in handy, since Elco gets one of the hardest fights in the game all to himself -- Sudeki’s bosses always seem to contrive a method to make sure you fight them one-on-one – but it also means that any group with Elco in it skates through combat.You can also easily get all the best skills early on, since none of the spells or abilities in Sudeki come with a prerequisite. You can easily grab all the stat-boosting or protective skills first thing, then use them at the start of any fight to stack the odds in your favor.In addition, any given boss can be defeated with the use of a simple trick, which looks more like a glitch than anything else. Every time you use a skill, your character enters an invulnerability window that lasts until the end of the move. There’s at least one boss fight where you can completely ignore all of its attacks and instantly counter, as long as you keep casting spells.Combine that with a few runes, some decent weapons, and Ailish’s tendency to obliterate anyone who looks at her funny with Celestial Circle, and Sudeki's main characters wind up looking less like heroes and more like exterminators.In addition to being easy, Sudeki is ridiculously short, clocking in at twenty-five hours max. For a game that was purported to be the first real epic RPG on Xbox, this is almost incomprehensible.Playing through the endgame, one wonders if Sudeki was meant to be far longer, but was rushed to completion. Many plot threads are abandoned or tossed aside, including a major life-changing event right before the final battle. Both Tal and Ailish have major issues that simply aren’t resolved, involving his father and her mother, and Elco is the focus of a major plot twist right before the finale that, unfortunately, doesn’t wind up meaning anything.It’s a fun game, and it’s not a bad game, but it’s over right when most RPGs are just getting started.Recommended!"
,Recommended,233350,12642723,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,curly_nuts,"This is a great RPG and I highly recommend it. It has pretty decent graphics (it is an almost 10 year old game) and the gameplay is engaging and fun. You go through a quest that gets bigger and more complicated as you continue. You pick up sidequests as you go along. The combat is fun, too. It is an action RPG and as you get more playable characters and skills, things become more challenging.Incredibly, the game reminded me a lot of Landstalker for the sega genesis. The reason is because the game world is so beautiful and well put together. Each town has a destinctive look and feel and even seems alive. Also, the pacing is just right with a progression that feels natural and is interesting.Overall, I was suprised at how deep the game is. It has virtually everything you could want from an RPG.One other note: the game is amazingly optimized for PC. The loadtimes which I assume existed on the console are eliminated on PC. The game worked great with keyboard and mouse, but I prefer playing with the gamepad. Also, the graphics options are easily accessible and modifiable."
,Recommended,233350,13047985,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,мallυne,"Sudeki honestly feels a little like a JRPG version of Fable.+   Very well made HD remake. Kept the game how it looked liked, while making lines more defined and adding shadows.+   Old school feel.+   Very comfy.+   Original story.+   The whole game is played as a team of four, with small chapters focusing on single characters.+   First- person combat using Ailish and Elco+   Pretty ladies+- The voice acting is terrible, but it adds charm to the game. Cracking voices, crappy emulations of accents, etc.-   Melee combat is extremely lame imo. Combos are too slow to feel useful.-   Controls on keyboard and mouse feels wierd."
,Recommended,233350,9247214,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Zanriel,"First off, Tom Baker! He narrates certain parts of the game and also voices one of the characters - not a main character, but an NPC that shows up here and there throughout the game (Tetsu). When I learned that, I had to pick it up immediately, regardless of whether the game was any good or not. Aside from the fourth Doctor, the game is also fully voiced with cutscenes, NPC chatter, and dialogue options.Sudeki is from 2005 and it shows. The graphics are a bit primitive, about the same level as World of Warcraft, although the art style is different. It has a more Asian vibe. It's actually a very pretty game, with bright colors, dazzling particle effects, and great character designs.It's also an obvious console port, with no mouse control within menus, a checkpoint save system, and limited options. The default POV is third person with no Y axis control, but certain skills require first-person view which does allow you full X & Y angle control. Ranged characters play in first-person by default during combat, then switch back to third-person when moving around out of combat.Combat is fluid, and plays differently for each character. Some have combo moves which aren't too complicated (L/R/L, L/L/L, R/L/L, etc.), others have various weapons you can switch between during combat for various effects. There are also spells and special powerup moves you can activate. Combat pauses while you select these from a menu, and they include cutscene style animations with epic effects. This makes it feel a bit like a turn-based RPG like Final Fantasy VII when you trigger those off, which is kind of fun.There are shops and save checkpoints scattered around here and there. Weapons and armor can be upgraded with runes to add various effects like damage shield on armor, or extra crit chance on weapons, things of that nature. The game-world is composed of corridors divided by zones. There is no jumping, and sometimes you might encounter an invisible wall where it looks like you should be able to go a certain direction, but you can't. In this way, the setup reminds me a bit of Kingdom of Amalur. You can go almost anywhere, although some areas are blocked off until you unlock them through the story.Speaking of the story, it's actually quite good. The characters are interesting, there are quite a few subtle jokes and innuendos thrown in here and there, and it has a lot of personality. I didn't want to stop playing but alas, sleep beckons. I look forward to playing through some more, as the game is actually quite fun. For the price, it's very solid entertainment. You just have to overlook the dated graphics and console feel.I'll update my review if I discover anything that changes it but so far I'm really impressed."
76561198040811698,Recommended,233350,10677259,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Darkclaw3050,"I can highly recommend this game to any fans of classic or action RPGs. The value for the price is great even without a sale, and with a sale it should be in the library of every RPG fan.+Graphics good for the time, and hold up decently+Fully voiced dialogue for all conversations+Unique characters with different traits and talents, customize as you level+Decent story depth and length (15-20hrs likely depending on style)+Unique and fun combination of first-person and third-person real time combat+Switch seamlessly among party members in and out of combat+Equipping different weapons/armor will change character model appearance+Controls customizable and work well, keyboard/mouse or game controller+Plenty of exploration, side quests, and treasures for those interested-Voice acting is mediocre, sound/music is nothing memorable-Camera can be annoying at times-Map system is not great, easy to get turned around in dungeons-Only 4 playable characters-Armor changes occur with the story so if you prefer one look there is no going back"
76561198029645553,Recommended,233350,9247784,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Boggy,"I can’t run it off Steam on my crap laptop, so I’ll review using my old copy.Short Story: If you can run it, TRY THIS GAME! For $5, you will not regret it.Long Story: It a good mix of both West and J-RPG essentially. The game has flaws, yes; but at the same time it oozes charm, humour and plain enjoyment every step of the way.The real selling point IS “Sudeki”, the world itself. The environments are varied and exploring around the Palace and the countryside will make you wish you could spend a summer visiting and living in the game world. And to top it off there is a great soundtrack that gives each town and village a sense of identity.  I sometimes just sit and listen to the music, it’s that good.The story, though it has cliques, has its twists and turns and it’s interesting enough to keep exploring the world. And has almost a Disney-esque feel to it: hopeful and silly sometimes and then surprisingly dark other times. Voice acting is not always great, but you will find characters you love and characters you hate.Gameplay is ok, if a bit repetitive and linear. Good enemy variety, simplistic combo system and RPG customisation for weapons and two ranged and two melee characters to switch during combat. Oh and class specific spells.I'm very happy they finally got this game on the Steam Library. I played it as a kid and loved it and even today I come back to it every 2 years or so and do a playthrough. I was very sad when I found out the sequel got canned, but Sudeki easily stands on its own. Now if you’ll excuse me I’ll be in New Brightwater, smashing crates and listening to the soundtrack :)"
76561198013105972,Recommended,233350,32259513,Posted: 7 June,all,Akita Inu@BrainAFK,"One of the best RPGs ever, wish there had been a sequel bcs this game would absolutely deserve it =D"
76561198068347804,Recommended,233350,16894111,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Mog of War,The memories come flodding back with this one!Sudeki is probably one of my all time favourites from the good old days. It's primarially a fighter game but brings in elements of strategy and puzzle solving to keep you on your toes. it is very replayable! would recommend this game to everyone!
,Recommended,233350,9247454,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Genkisan,"A no hesitation buy for me.I played this game years back on PC and the funny thing is, about a week ago I was looking at the original disc I had, which I accidentally damaged and was thinking to myself, ""I wish this was on Steam."" LOL. xD Now here it is, ON STEAM! OMG. Sorry, I'm just a little hyped. :P I can finally finish the game! :)Ok, so the game is a really good Action RPG. The controls are pretty much like most Action RPGs so if you played games like Fable you should be able to get used to this fairly quick. And the 360 controller support is a plus.The graphics are very nice considering this was originally released in 2004 on the Xbox and 2005 on PC.If you like Action RPGs with a somewhat Japanese Fantasy style to it then you will like this game, and for the price of $4.99 USD, it's worth the experience. :)Edit: After comparing some of the files I had managed to salvage and backed up from the original UK disc version, I noticed that the video cutscenes were enchanced for the Steam version to support higher resolution displays. Nice! :DI posted comparison photos for you to see in my Facebook game community here:https://www.facebook.com/gamergenkisan"
,Recommended,233350,18207286,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Belee,"Sudeki is a real time action rpg with a little bit of everything.Set in a fantasy medieval era where two nations are at war, you play as a protagonist named Tal who assembles a party of somewhat unique characters that must learn to trust each other to meet their individual goals.Of the four main playable characters, two are melee and two are ranged. Melee characters perform combos to attack, ranged characters have a FPS POV. Every character has their own skills that are almost identical to the others such as line, arc, and AOE, but also have unique powerful skills of their own.Combat is clunky but is not hard to get used to. Once the player understands how to coordinate attacks and abilities between multiple characters combat becomes easy. Very easy unfortunately. However it is still very fun because the game throws multiple different types of enemies and enemy compositions at you that successfully winning with little to no damage taken feels rewarding. The player must learn to adapt to situations where they do not have a full party, are playing as a single character in some encounters, and during dreaded escort missions(thankfully there is only one but it is very painful).One great aspect of combat is the ability to actively switch between different weapons. This allows you to use weapons that have increased damage at times when you need to burst, or when you need to steal life or mana, or dispel magic from enemies. Overall, combat in Sudeki is good and unique but has some balancing problems. For me the game shines in it's exploration.The world is small but offers a lot of variety. Landscapes are cool, bursting with treasure to find, npc's to talk to that occasionally offer quests or information about the world. Dungeons are very much labyrinths that can be confusing to navigate along with some puzzles that range from ridiculously easy to one in particular that took me a solid 20 minutes to figure out.For $6.00 I recommend this game to anyone at least willing to try it for 2 hours before deciding on finishing the game. A playthrough is short, clocking in between 15-20 hours.As with all old games you have to play knowing the era. For 2005 everything is decent but lags behind. Compared to Fable which was released a year prior, the graphics and voice acting are a little dull.7/10.ProsFun combatFully voice actedRewarding explorationDecent story with minor pacing issues, but plot twists that keep it interestingClassic RPG style with unique elementsConsLoose ends, ending feels rushedMinor bugs that require the need to have several save filesToo few bossesVery little replay valueSome dull quests"
,Recommended,233350,9247044,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Sterling,"I've been waiting for this game to come out for a long time. I only recently learned it was released for Windows a while back, but who knows what compatibility issues await with an old copy. I was expecting it to show up on GOG but was just as delighted to see it appear today on Steam.I wrote a full review of the original XBOX version on my own site with minor spoilers that's too long to post here:http://thebestgameneverplayed.wordpress.com/2011/07/16/sudeki/To boil it down, imagine if an older action/adventure SNES game like Secret of Mana was remade using today's technology. If you like those classics from the Square and Enix renaissance, you'll like Sudeki."
76561198093252358,Recommended,233350,12975382,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Hundred Eyes,Runs good and play's smooth on windows 8.1. I only had 1 crash in 38 hours of gameplay.
76561197994007641,Recommended,233350,22694707,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Bucky O Hare,"Sometimes people ask my why The Fast and the Furious is one of my favorite movies. I can explain it about as well as I can explain why I like this game so much.Is it the characters? Sort of, not really.The story? No. Definitely not.The action? It is pretty good, but I can't say it's amazing.The level design/setting? Uh, well, it's pretty good except for that one ♥♥♥♥ing sound puzzle because would you give me a break on that♥♥♥♥♥♥ Who even knows sounds that well? Do I look like I have rhythm or a working understanding of tones?Maybe, like The Fast and the Furious, I just remember this fondly from before I had to get a job and before I had disappointed everyone in my family to such a terrible degree.Probably that last one."
76561198044565944,Recommended,233350,10668407,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,methosrocks,"sudeki is an obscure RPG that got its start on the original Xbox. The game was largely ignored but it shouldn't have been. The game takes about 20-30 hours and can best be described as a slightly mroe open Fable. The characters are interesting if a bit cliched. The graphics are surprisingly good for the time period also. The audio is standard fare with a few standout tracks (New Brightwater). Overall it's a fun game with some unique ideas such as the two ranged chaacters using first-person mode in combat maknig them paly like they're in an FPS. (a tip: If you're using a controller, when using these characters, use a mouse to aim as it's MUCH faster).Overall an enjoyable title and well worth it at the price point."
76561198069159152,Recommended,233350,31711092,Posted: 12 May,all,wrb41977,"This game is entertaining. I appear to have been directed to this game by accident (I think I was searching for JRPGs, for some reason), but it is a happy one. The combat is simple enough, the plot intriguing, and the gameplay simple. The characters are vibrant, and the world is... different.I would recommend it to any that like action games.I also will note it appears to be a port from another game system. I'm not sure which..."
,Recommended,233350,12385773,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Rubble Face,"One of my Favorite games since Childhood, if you can overlook the small things, it'll be a favorite for sure!"
76561198024156662,Recommended,233350,9248838,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Kaesi,"Second Edit: With the link from Nerd House and once again working through the Compatability List we're good to go. Windows98/ME is the one needed to play oddly enough. With a little bit of work, until a patch comes out, this is a must buy!First Edit: Still no luck trying to play the game in various compatability modes. Regardless of choices after the opening video about the two btothers the game completely freezes up. I've had the Steam Overlay up as an experiement and until that moment all is fine. I do believe this is a Windows 7 problem but it might also be a 64 Processor problem as well. I know others that have reviewed have been able to play it, so hopefully I'll be able to change this Recommendation from a No to a Yes soon."
76561198210406297,Recommended,233350,29733830,Posted: 5 February,all,buster_heads,"Loved this on the original xbox, was happy to see it here so i bought it for PC.  Still a lot of fun to play."
,Recommended,233350,20676401,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,ManyNekoZ,"I never really owned or even played an original Xbox, so that's why this game flew under the radar for me. It wasn't till much later that I actually got the chance to play it. I have to say though if they had released this on the Playstation 2, I would have been all over it.Sudeki is a unique RPG in that it doesn't follow your typical JRPG formula. Being a British based company, Climax Studios brought something new and different to the US during it's initial release. While at it's core it still feels like a role playing game, Sudeki also contains elements of third-person, action, adventure, shooter, and even first-person shooter games. The voice acting can be a little campy at times, but sadly most games during that generation had the same problem, fortunately it is tolerable. I do have to admit, the graphics and shaders still look really good, unlike other games that do not age so well. I'm pretty sure they were able to add a lot more to the PC version(because, you know, PC MASTER RACE), because it shows, and it has aged well.At least until we get to the point where we blur the lines between reality and virtual reality, where our brains won't be able to tell the difference... Then you can run a Sudeki emulator to play it, and wonder how we used to play these types of games. Until then, give this one a shot. Buy it, Play it, Love it."
,Recommended,233350,12955230,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,King Vegeta,Good Semi-Action RPG.  Mediocre but passable story.  Combat is mixed with FPS shooting and timed melee clicks.  Graphics are old but still easy on the eyes.  Worth the price.
76561198190647379,Recommended,233350,31416275,Posted: 28 April,all,Orums,"Ok.....This title is another love/hate relationship. I gotta say that the only reason I keep playing is because this is a fantasy world that is worth exploring. Even if the game is linear and short, you'll still play again for the vibrant characters (semi ok voice acting) and level design. The ""at your fingertips"" combat gets BIG ups from me; my main boggle (demolition man reference ftw) is that the game kinda leaves you stranded on your own A LOT, and unless you've farmed/got lost and leveled a bit you will get your keister handed to you a few times until you learn how to strategize the battle in your favor.Now earlier I said Vibrant characters....If you can put up with the akward voice acting (I think it's the quality of the voice) the characters are each lovable in their own right (Alish being the omission and exception bc of da booteh). Don't go into first person because it will ruin the beautiful art style of the landscapes in some scenarios. But in terms of combat effects, this title does it pretty damn good. Your techniques are wonderfully animated and never boring to look at. Your enemies won't like them too much because they'll either be turned into soup of bled out like a stuck pig (kudos for gore, always).Story wise.....Wait there was a story!? All jokes aside, the story is a bit lackluster as character motivations are nearly nonexistant beyond ""Hey lets go do these things, because....magic and reasons"". It's there, just sort of hard to follow along with.This title gets a GO from me, based on the fact that it's nice to look at, fun to make stuff dead, and once you uncover the lore it becomes a gem."
,Recommended,233350,22266864,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,SheNoob087,"One of my all-time favourite RPGs from the 2000s. Great story, real-time combat is different and interesting and the game is aesthetically beautiful. 8/10"
,Recommended,233350,9260999,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,danielhubbell30,"All right i just figured out how to fix the issues concerning game play on this game. It will run perfectly if you do a few things first. I am running windows 7here is how to get the game running on your PC for people running Windows XP, vista, 7 or newer OS systems, provided you were experiencing the same compatibility issues i was. (I hope steam will post this in the game descriptions also)1. Buy and install the game from steam ( i highly reccomend this game i had it for xbox it was awsome)2. after you install the game go to your folder directories or whatever folder where you install your games, my folder for my games for example is...Computer--Local Disk (C:)--Program Files (x86)--New Folder--SteamApps--common--3. Find your folder file that is titled Sudeki and locate your Sudeki.exe file4. Then you right click on it with your mouse and click Properties5. Next click on your compatibilty tab and check mark the box to run inWindows98/WindowsME mode. Then click apply.6. Now go back in your Sudeki program files and locate your SudekiLauncher.exe file follow the same procedure as listed in steps 4 and 5.7.Once done with that go back into your Sudeki program files and locate the folder _CommonRedist, click on the folder that says DirectX, then click onthe folder that says June2010 and locate your DXSETUP application file. Now when you locate that file follow the same steps as mentioned in steps 4 and 5.8. Next goback into your _CommonRedist folder and locate the folder vcredist click on that folder, then click on the folder 2010, then locate your vcredist_x64 application and follow the same steps as listed in steps 4 and 5.9.After that locate your vcredist_x86 application and follow the steps listed insteps 4 and 5.10. Now exit completely out of your files, click on the icon to start your game and enjoy playing your game. If you did your steps right as mentioned your game will run smoothlyI am going to immensly enjoy this game I hope you do to.I can recommend this game without even playing it. i had this game on xbox. one of the more decent rpg games for the original xbox. i loved the game. the graphics were great and the plot is well written. It is a great game plenty of action plenty of exploration. i logged some serious hours when i had it on xbox. i am super excited i bought it for PC. However, for serious and not so serious RPG gamers this game is a must buy."
,Recommended,233350,34511993,Posted: 26 August,all,Suo Mynona,"I enjoy the game very much for the ability to find and collect secrets and feel like an overpowered god by the end of the game, already finished the game 4+ times, and every time I finish the game in a more powerful state.Another reason I like it is that the game is not long and has a fulfilling story, takes about 10 hours for a 100% playthrough."
,Recommended,233350,9414430,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Strabo1980,"At about 20 hours worth of game play (including the little bit of grinding it takes to reach the relatively low level cap of 30) this game is not one to get if you are looking for an RPG to dump hundreds of hours worth of your time into (ah-la Skyrim, etc). But at only $5 you certainly get a good bang for your buck. Assuming you can get the game to load, and play due to it's poor compatability with modern OS's.Over all, a good game for the money. Oh, and let's not forget hot cat-girls in extremely skimpy outfits. Always a plus."
,Recommended,233350,20478455,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Nadja,"A very nice game I recommend to any RPG fan. It has a nice story, music, gameplay and it keeps you busy for some hours."
,Recommended,233350,19106337,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,> RainMan Α. Σ. Π.,This game is finally on Steam after all these years.Thanks Gabe.A must buy imo.
,Recommended,233350,33734439,Posted: 22 July,all,✪ RobboisProphet,Nostalgia at its finest :D13 years later and I'm still waiting for a sequal and I don't ever think I could ever dislike a masterpiece for its time.I'd say its worth getting for what you pay.
,Recommended,233350,24169684,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,SteffiSyndrome,"*sigh* alright. So this is my 3rd review. The first one was positive, then negative due to several crashes NOW .. here I am yet again. I am not sure if setting Audio Quality to medium helped any. But the truth is I do love this game. I just really hope all the crashes will stop.When I first saw that Steam had Sudeki I bought it instantly. I've last played it way back when I was a kid and always have loved it and still do. It's bright, colorful, silly and fun.To me it's very nostalgic on top of all that.Now, all that being said, $5 is really not a lot. So I'll stick with a positive review.The game is loads of fun. I mean it. I am hoping for another update that might help stop the crashes altogether, or at least ... minimize them even more. I also still cannot tilt the camera up or down.But all in all ... I am glad I have this little gem back."
76561198101103301,Recommended,233350,29155921,Posted: 9 January,all,Shuiyin,This was one of my favorite RPGs on the original xbox. It's pretty much a perfect port to the PC. I can even use my xbox controller so it feels like nothing has changed. Great game if you keep in mind that it is very dated. By today's standards it might seem very average but it has a very nostalgic feel to it.
76561198003796149,Recommended,233350,9309841,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Codemaster23,"Sudeki is a game from the long ago of 2005, and it shows. That isn't a bad thing, the game is old and there isn't a reason to update all the graphics and what not just because you are putting it on Steam now. The game has been avilable on the PC before.The game has it's flaws, but it is still a good game. I finished the game in a little over 10 hours without doing side quests. It says I have 9.7 or what ever, but I had a save file about 40 minuets in from when I had it on the PC before hand but never got around to playing it. So it is kinda short, but I am glad it had enough for the time it took, and didn't drag the game on longer then it needed.The combat in Sudeki is a little varied, but not a whole lot. The two ranged people and the two melee people play kinda the same as each other, just with different active abilities and weapons. There is a combo system for the melee attackers and the ranged just shoot the crap out of people who get too close.I had this game on the xbox as well a long time ago and I never finished it, got about 3/4ths of the way through. Since I hadn't played it for a while and liked it so much back then, I hyped it up in my mind when it came to Steam to the point I thought it was amazing. Sudeki is good, just not amazing. It needs a good polish to fix some of the problems, like getting trapped in the corner in combat and it glitching you during combat cutscenes. The latter example happened to me during a boss fight and it broke the game to the point where I had to reload, so save often encase more problems pop up.I would recomend this game for 5 dollars, or even 10. I think it was still a good game and I hope that other people do as well.Side note: To those who can't get it to run for what ever reason, it is on your side not Steams since I booted it up without a problem every time I played."
76561198013654898,Recommended,233350,9250280,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Djinxen,*** Set the game in compability mode for Windows 98/Me to get it to work! ***Great game!!
76561198096803917,Recommended,233350,11473225,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,cassiethefox666,"It really says something about a game when 10 years on, after having already finished it, I buy it again to play. Such an enjoyable game."
,Recommended,233350,29075003,Posted: 6 January,all,TinkerTanker,"This game is a classic Action-RPG. I played it on Xbox ages ago, and I was not disappointed with it then, and was only seriously disappointed on PC by one thing...What disappointed me:- Camera doesn't auto-adjust when going up-and-down hills/stairs/etc, but you can do First-Person View('F'/'V' by default) and go back to Third-Person to correct it.What didn't disappoint me:- A well-built storyline with characters that are truly expressed well.- Numerous optional/side-quests to benefit from and enjoy.- Various traders with regional pricing and 'preference.'- Various styles of combat, AI optimization/control- Various customizable weapons and armor.- The ability to switch between characters(micro-management, combat specialization)- Combo-based melee combat allows the user to specialize in heavy single-target hits, light AoE attacks, quick single-target hits, charging maneuvers, and a few other attack styles; Somewhat of a con is that you have to memorize which combo is which, and you have to time your attacks correctly or the combo will fail.- Fairly adaptable leveling system with individual character management(distributing attribute points to stats/skills)- Combat-areas 'respawn'(in a sense), allows the player to acquire extra florins(currency) for buying potions, upgrading equipment, etc. - and allows the player to acquire additional experience(on currently active character(s)) so to level up your character, which I find very helpful if I'm having issues with the current quest.GraphicsThe textures are a bit dated and may appear pixelated on higher resolutions and especially on larger monitors, but the animation quality is quite amazing. The game supports 144FPS which I personally think is amazing."
,Recommended,233350,30643998,Posted: 20 March,all,Bofer,8/8 Ailish best girl
,Recommended,233350,23698569,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,MrCreamtastic™,"Sudeki. What words can Describe Sudeki? Fun. Nostalgic. Revolutionary. This is a game worth picking up and wringing every last bit of content out of. I used to play this endlessly with my dad on our Xbox, Before it broke, And, after 7 years, I could play this again. The needless abundance of DOOM level gore per kills, The Common Norms and trends of the traditional JRPG this game breaks, And despite it clocking in at only 20 hours of full content, this is a game to be cherished, with the unforgettable landscapes, unforgettable characters, and unforgettable soundtrack, this game deserves a resurgence, hell, even a remaster. Play. It."
76561198141116310,Recommended,233350,23741746,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Courtcakes,"This was one of my fave games on the X-Box. And I'm so happy to say that it's transended well on to PC.It's pretty much the same as it was,The graphics look a better than they were originally, also the loading times are miles better. Loading was a big pain that I had when this was on the X-Box. Do you remember when it used to have a loading title when you were in the overworld, and you were going to the Beach from the place where the Lighthouse was? Doesn't do that anymore.If you loved the game or like it even, then this is worth the money. This is something that's a blast from the past, and if you want to be caught in it, buy the game again.Note: It's a bit weird using the Mouse and Keyboard with it, but if you have a controller, use it."
,Recommended,233350,11081542,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,John,"This is a decent Action RPG. I'd recommend it for anyone out there looking for a simple ARPG if you're not afraid of a few ugly 3D models. It's not my place to criticize the character design but they're a bit over-the-top and heavily influenced by anime, not that it matters but this game is not japanese.This game was one of the handful of RPGs that Microsoft made with interest of slipping the Xbox console into the Japanese market. While the game was not a commercial success, what we ended up having was easily a fantastic RPG on Xbox and even though it's been out for PC for quite a while, it's such an obscure game that nobody really noticed it much and now we have it on Steam and I couldn't be happier.The story, as well as the characters are somewhat forgetable, but it's got amazing scenery, the style of the world is similar to Fable and Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning. Very colorful, full of fantastic devices and monuments and very green with lots of vegetation too.The gameplay is the most important element in this game: it's fluid and it gives you a few choices, you can play an action hack-and-slash type of character or a First Person Shooter type.You get 4 characters to play with, all play together in the battlefield but you take control of one while AI takes over the others. 2 of them use Melee (Hack-and-Slash) and the other 2 use long range attacks (FPS).Each of them has different skills and combos and you can enter a slow-motion mode when you go through the skills and pick one to use, so the game never truly feels like it comes to a halt. This makes things stay interesting for a while.I could go on and on about who's who and what each character does but honestly, it's not that important, just know they're all very different in their style even if their gameplay is similar. Combos are different, they use different weapons, skills are definitely very very different so you'll have favorites. Also, all their one-liners are SUPER CHEESY so you can't escape those either way.The voice acting is not very good, you can see it's not a big budget game but these fantasy RPG type of games are TEXT-HEAVY so the voice acting is basically cutscenes and one-liners.On the technical aspect of the port: I am playing with an official Xbox 360 Gamepad and it's playing really GOOD, no complaints on the controller scheme, it's basically the same as back on the Xbox (although it's been almost 8 years so...don't quote me on that). The only problem I see is how the game text uses  ""Button1"" and ""Button2"" instead of labeling it ""X"" and ""A"", but that's not a big deal.I'm not on the high-end of PC gaming but I can run this game fine and so far I've seen no issues with widescreen or sudden crashes (from a bit of play-testing) and the frames per second seem fine too, I do see some issues with vertical sync but it doesn't take away from the experience. I do wish there were some mods for this though, some 2D art and 3D models are ugly (my opinion) and I'd love to change them.Although it is not some sort of hidden underrated gem, it's definitely a good game that didn't get enough attention and I'm sure most sales for this will be nostalgia-induced, and that's not necesarily a bad thing. It's based on something real good, enough to stay in your mind and make you want to play it again."
76561198274212069,Recommended,233350,22226616,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,mus.steven96,"Great game that makes me remember how games were at the beginning, when some objectives were enough and a extremely big open world map wasn't necessary."
,Recommended,233350,9380837,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Bayonetta Main Kappa,"This game was a part of my childhood growing up, SO MANY GOOD MEMORIES came from this game. I think this is my first experience of my RPG and although it had that FPS feels with the ranged characters, i can say that this game has reignited my love for these RPGS"
,Recommended,233350,9298477,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,BleakCodex,"So, Sudeki is an instant buy from me.Don't get me wrong, there's a lot of 'Xbox' feel to this thing. It's definitely not the most modern release Steam has seen.However, It's unbelievably amazing. Morrowind aside, it's by far the next best xbox title that made it to the PC to date.Yes, it's a little dated, but so is the great classics (Baulder's gate anyone?), I recommend Sudeki whole heartily, for the story, game-play, discovery, character development. So long as you can look past it being slightly dated in some game-play elements (can you believe these textures were once 'next gen'), it'll work itself in alongside some of the best game-play experiences to date.[Not to mention $5 is a steal for this thing]Buy it!"
,Recommended,233350,9959317,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,raixel,"So I have no idea how this ended up in my library. I must have bought it, or had it given to me, but I really don't know where I got it. I vaguely remember a game by that name for (I think) the Xbox, which I didnt own. Having gamed since 1984, I can tolerate old games better than some, so I fired it up.I noticed it has many positive reviews, mostly it seems from people who remember it back on Xbox. I didnt play it back then, so theres no nostalga factor involved. But I will do my best to review the game for ots own era, and only point out things by today's standards if they are so glaringly dated that it ruins immersion.Its a 3rd person JRPG-art style action RPG. You know, button mashing so your guy swings his (ridiculously long) sword around and stringing together combos, theres an inventory where you can get better gear, a monster compendium, map, stats you can improve. Standard action RPG fare.The graphics are nice for the era, and are brightly colored. Of course they look a bit dated, but not terribly or distractingly so.So far everyone, including random NPCs in town seems fully voice acted. Now, I am not a fan of full voice acting in RPGs. (Long story short - you can get a MUCH more in depth story hiring one programmer to write many lines of text for NPCs to ""say"" vs. having to hire people to voice different NPCs. Voice acting is expensive, and having full voice acting for everything, not just main cutscenes/characters, makes the story detail shallower. Case in point Morrowind VS Oblivion) But I digress...Anyway. By today's standards the voice acting is terrible. And even by the standards of the time (which I am trying to review this game by), the voice acting is laughable at best. Comparing the voice acting in this to say, Persona 3 (PS2 game) or even Baldur's Gate 2, there's just no contest. This sounds like it came out of the era when the first put badly voiced scenes in games circa 1992. Take the worst dubbed-anime voices and timing you can imagine. Yeah. It sounds like that.Again, a case where it would have been better to only have a couple main characters voiced fully and save my ears. There are a few decent voices though. The main character Tal is listenable at least, as well as a couple other NPCs who's names escape me at the moment.The script is ok. Not great. Its kinda...overblown and really seems translated from a different language. Not as bad as the voice acting though, just not great. I actually don't think it owuld have come off as bad if the voices were better.One great thing is that its fully Xbox controller compatible (or Xinput for us Logitechers), as playing an action RPG like thos without a controller isnt advised. The controls are smooth on my Logitech, easy to understand and intuitive. Its fiun to go around bashing the crap out of enemies and learning new skills and making combos. THAT is where this game really shinesOverall, its not terrible, but at least for what Ive seen of it (I will update it if it blows my mind through awesome plot development later on - but as of right now I doubt it), the nostalgia factor seems to weight heavily in on whether people like it or not. If you are a fan of this type of game and are way more into the combat and character levelling then by all means, grab it."
,Recommended,233350,9252743,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Shadow Ranger,"Great game for it's time. If you can get past the old graphics, I highly reccomend this game for anyone who loves these adventure rpgs"
76561197966336982,Recommended,233350,27982304,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CacoDOOM,"As someone who had played this game years back on the original Xbox, this is certainly a missing gem for me.  This one does have a couple of issues, notably when setting items to quickbinds with a controller (easily gotten around by using the 1,2,3, and 4 keys to set quickbinds on items.  Yes I'm glad this game lets you use both Keyboard + Mouse and Controller at the same time), and the game crashing sometimes (happened a couple times but it very rarely happens for me)."
,Recommended,233350,9965830,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Ghost Brain,"the game is great if you are into RPGs that has a little bit of everything for ever style. technology, JRPGS, traditonal RPGs (like swords and sorcery in mideval times), then you can switch to a ,somewhat, fps. though it is going to be a short time until you can get to the other characters. speaking of the other characters, they are (to me) kind of uninteresting but they do have their own sparks in terms of their historys' with their parents, or where they grew up. so in final this game is worth the price"
,Recommended,233350,9446906,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,The Jigsaw Man,"This very much reminds me of a good Nintendo 64 game (but with early XBox graphics) - You know, the kind that were close to Zelda but not quite Zelda while you waited in between Zeldas?The developers polished the game so well that this port has had no issues for me.Sudeki is open world but not to the point that you'll ever find yourself lost - Much like Ocarina of Time. The world is large enough to backtrack through and mess around with secret areas you could not previously but it definitely doesn't have the scope of an Elder Scrolls game - More puzzles and personality than walking.The combat is fair - It takes a step back for every one that it takes forward and so therefor I can not judge it positively or negatively but at least you're not left-clicking your way through the game so Sudeki's combat is definitely a salvation for those with boxes filled to brim with broken  Diablo mice. The battles can often times grow challening and control schemes are sophisticated enough to offer a sense of interactivity but you're definitely not going to find the action you would in a game like Devil May Cry. Interestingly enough, ranged characters are forced into First Person perspective when selecting over to them.Right off the bat Sudeki does alot of things right that recent developers have forgotten all together like skipable cut scenes and skipable dialogue. Oh! But if you do like dialogue everyone you come by has something to say and it's all been vocally acted.If there's only one complaint it's that this game was almost kid-safe but alas bloody & messy corpses litter the land.I have no preference to kid-safe games, of course, however when you're so close to clean it's a shame that they stepped off that trail a tad and clipped the game just short of being appropriate for eveyone.Price Recommended: $20"
,Recommended,233350,9488818,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,StormTehSinner,"This game is a must-have in my opinion. The story alone is completely worth it.The graphics maybe a little bit dusty now, but I still love how it really looks like a great fantasy world.If you like a great story mixed with some puzzle-tasks, a few hidden secrets to find and amazing boss-battles, this game will be worth it.I've bought this already many years ago, the only problem I experienced quite a while ago, that it won't install at Windows Vista/7 64bit. I found a workaround for this problem, but when I saw it now on Steam I just had to buy it instantly."
,Recommended,233350,9292323,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Eris!,"It's like a western studio who had never so much as heard of JRPGs decided to make one after dropping acid and taking a brief glimpse at DeviantArt for reference. I uhh... don't really know what to think of this. It plays well and it's cheap, so uhh... that's something? Probably be better on drugs."
,Recommended,233350,9413234,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Rekyua,"Short, but sweet.A really underrated Action RPG for it's time and one of my favorite Xbox games. Hopefully more Xbox games show up on Steam now, but anyway...Game has a simple but effective story. The combat is clunky due to being among the first 3D action RPGs of it's time but it introduced some interested mechanics to the gameplay element. You can switch between members on the fly and they change how you'll play the game. A melee character can combo their way to victory while a certain caster enters a first person style shooter mode. There isn't much outside of the core game however, you can do enchants but it's basic and you're free to determine your characters growth (for better and worse!) so it lets you meta-game to an extent.Graphically, the game runs and looks better than the CGI cutscenes, which is pretty funny. Luckily they aren't used as much as other turn based RPGs.Just be aware, apparently others are having problems getting the game to run. I haven't had such an issue but just be wary about it when you get the game, which at $5 USD I completely recommend."
,Recommended,233350,9660159,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Bloodalice,"Good RPG, must play at 4.99$graphics- decent even at today's standards,faced some problems on win 8 64 bit. ( i think they hv been patched)Story - goodCharacters - great and versatileOnly con is its linear compared to RPGs today, but the story will keep u interested,decent no. of side questsReplaybility- not reallyIf u still face problems running the game try thishttp://pastebin.com/v2EDfpJgalso try running it in win 98/Me compatibility mode"
76561198041788363,Recommended,233350,9258200,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,vincent41,"a nice colourful little game that is worth 5E bit not more. If you have a Win7 computer, to be able to launch it you go to the game folder, there right-click on sudeki.ex AND suedkilauncher.exe and select, under Properties, the compatibility mode for Win98.....Be prepared for LONG loading times but it should work ok."
76561198066251622,Recommended,233350,9368191,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Rodney Sparxxx,I jerk off to Buki's big brown butt every hour on the hour
,Recommended,233350,9485858,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Ryuuzaki竜崎,This game is a fun nostalgia trip for me as i used to own this on the original Xbox. Seeing this game here brings back fun memories. It's a good fun hack-n-slash game. Thumbs up!
76561198127531243,Recommended,233350,9258018,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,FatalDecode,"I was so happy to hear Climax Studios was re-releasing Sudeki to celebrate its 10th anniversary i created a steam account just to play this game again!Sudeki is a western JRPG and is easily one of my favourite games of all time, the story and characters are memorable and the world itself has a mix of bright and colorful to downright dark and menacing locations. I already own the previous releases on Xbox and PC and have happily purchased this HD version, £3.99 is an absolute steal!The game installed fine on my laptop (and i don't consider my laptop to be hightech) although being more of a console gamer i wish i could play this with a controller, i see it has Partial Controller Support i'll have to look into that."
,Recommended,233350,9270748,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Reyedog,"Very good game for the time it cameout, graphically impressive for the original xbox. I was fully aware that it cameout on pc and i still own both versions but it is nice to see it on steam.  I bought it again because the pc version i have isn't that great in playability since it has issues that were never patched in my version before the company sold the IP.If anyone is curious with the story it is a little drab but gives lore to anthropomophic animals who you encounter throughout the game and the freedom to combat how you want is always a plus and if you need more action it allows for fps style shooting and magic casting aswell third person swordplay mechanics.The game works perfectly fine so I have no clue what the hell anyone is talking about it not working on windows and it does not need compatiblity mode set maybe learn to use a computer and it's software before purchasing things.I will however mention this is an nvidia heavy game so those with ati cards will most likely have said mentioned problems. Allot of old xbox games and ports run on Nvidia software drivers so it might explain just a few things. As for fixes if you happen to have problems starting the game google the old fixes for the cd version and download their files to jumpstart the sucker they also contain patch fixes that address some problems if you encounter them that some seem to have with the game.Update-I have done much comparison between all three versions and can confirm this is a better HD version than the rest and includes improved mouth sync,graphic rendering,and dialogue that was missing with the exception of the FMV's that were left original and look really dated."
76561198017333334,Recommended,233350,9435400,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,gundamvirsago,"What i can say about Sudeki?? well it was my favorite game in the Xbox(old one). And is here on steam for $5.00.Anyway  i had problems with the game, it never load and i did everything written on the help. The game must be played on windows 98/me compability mode and on run as administrator also you have to install some components that are on the file within steam and i'm not quite shure but it never worked on Windows 8 but when I upgraded to Windows 8.1 the game started without any problem. well the graphics are the same but i must say that it looks good considering that is a game from old Xbox era. Is an action RPG you can use 1 of 4 characters 2 of them are melee and the other 2 are ranged and this 2 also when in battle mode the appear in 1rst person(its easier to shoot). This game is a must have."
76561198010061316,Recommended,233350,9264384,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,renynzea,"As others have noted the game is a little dated, which mostly shows up in the duration of the load screens (which takes longer than you would expect on good hardware) and the clunkiness of the combat, particularly in cancelling animations and dodging.  I highly recommend using an XBox controller for the PC if you have one.  The PC controls are not as good.  They work, but the controller works better.Second, you HAVE to run this in Windows 95 compatibility mode or the game WILL NOT work.  You will get past the loading screen and everything will go black.  To set the compatibility mode you need to find the file in your steamapps folder, right click on the file, go into properties, and set the compatibility mode.  You have to do this for both Sudeki.exe and SudekiLauncher.exe.  Then you can run the executable.  The first time the game loads it will take a while to get past the ""Loading..."" screen, but once you save the game and re-load it it goes much, much faster.All that said, the game is worth $5 in my opinion -- you can't even go to the movies for that these days.  Been a shortage of decent RPGs on the PC of late, and despite the game's age the graphics and sound are still servicable.  It's fun, and can offer a decent challenge.  What more can be said."
,Recommended,233350,13879058,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Cyanetic,I loved it on the XBox. I love it on the PC.
76561197993494019,Recommended,233350,24264045,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,s4mwise,"Great game, bought again on steam cause i just had to have it!I highly recommend using a controller.only issue i had was certain meshes were not showing but  it was a easy fix just go in your graphic settings and enable ""Adaptive Multisampling"" and you are good to go!dispite that this game is still 100% worth it!"
76561198049993463,Recommended,233350,19926907,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Procedurally Generated Birb,"Hey, look at that, it's an exploration RPG akin to Fable, but has a 1-4 person party and is a mix of FPS and third person brawler! I've also beaten it on xbox at least 100 times.Great damn game. Love it."
76561198138326523,Recommended,233350,13585250,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,kenpel23,Beat the game on the original xbox twice.For the price i definitely recommend this hidden gem.
76561198072214343,Recommended,233350,10115336,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,harley.payj,"All I can say was that I originally started playing on XBOX because of the colorful design, now that I no longer have an XBOX, the fact that i found this has totally made my month and really brought back my teenage years of careless awesomeness. A truely supurb game! <3"
,Recommended,233350,9249562,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Rise_ofthe_Mike,"I first played Sudeki on the original Xbox back in the day. It has an interesting story, great combat, and fun characters. The levels are varied and I enjoyed myself greatly. I will say that the CGI has aged noticeably and doesn't hold up very well. However, the in-game graphics are great and the resolution is fantastic. I'm playing at 2560 by 1600 and it looks phenomenal: at least for such an old game. I highly recommend this game to everyone, epecially for such generous price."
76561198131044357,Recommended,233350,20642157,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,RiRi,Love this game! Was my first ever game on the original xbox so holds a lot of sentimental value to me. If you enjoy RPG games this game is for you.
,Recommended,233350,10781159,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,jdgreen103090,"Sudeki....This game consumed my life back on the original Xbox back in the day, my love for this game holds no bounds. Set in a time where swords and futuristic come together as your Queen has you roam the country side collecting crystals. The Shadows always hide new enemies. The game machanics are based on timed attacks with pressing A or X at the right moments to perform strong combos againist your foe."
76561198041117156,Recommended,233350,9340613,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,danielcutthroat,"Awesome game,have had no troubles with it so far,thay don't make games like this anymore,looks childish but there is some explodeing blood and guts so thats a plus and a awesome story line and you can swich between youre party,...awesome"
,Recommended,233350,21871589,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Konizumi,its ok
,Recommended,233350,10965378,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Petrichor,"I owned the original game and soundtrack and loved every second of it. When I saw it one Steam, I couldn't wait to play it. There were definitely some graphical bugs that I had to work out to get it to play smoothly (which confuses me for a game that is so old, but whatever), and once I did, it runs great.It's a different type of RPG that's for sure. There are no 'random' encounters so to speak, instead enemies pop-up when you walk through certain areas and all the exits become blocked until you defeat them. You do get levels and points to spend on various things like health, damage, magic abilities, magic power, etc. There are a numerous amount of weapons for each character, but only one set of armor that gets upgraded through out the game.If you are a fan of simple pleasures and easy to get lost in games, then give it a go. For $6 ($3 on sale) what have you got to lose?"
,Recommended,233350,9995434,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Vi3tHoneyX,I played this game when I was 11! I love it. xD
,Recommended,233350,10400485,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,The Joker (AGnF),Sudeki is a great game it has good graphics for the age that is. good fights style combat is good and pretty easy to get the hang of. Has a good story line tons of hidden items for you to find lots of side quest with good rewards also good level up system. I played this on the xbox when it first came out and its still a very good game for only 5.99 .
76561198088931528,Recommended,233350,11829426,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Kagura,As good if not better than the Xbox version real clean and crisp.Graphics(comparing to xbox version): 5/5Performance: 4/5The game has bugs i will not be the one to tell you it dosen't but the price is right for the game.Everything aside from that the gameplay is actually better than the xbox version and the skills are so easyto access its hilarious.Would i reccommend this game to othersHELL YEA!!!!!
76561198042628923,Recommended,233350,9254479,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Kloodge,"This is exactly what it looks like. A linear, cut scene driven console port with ""random"" encounters and save points. I don't think the encounters are random, but you don't see any enemies until you step in a certain area, then they pop up out of nowhere.It seems to be decent quality and the combat is fun-ish.Defintely worth the $5 if this is your thing. It's not mine, but it still deserves a thumbs up."
76561198107051814,Recommended,233350,9263257,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,stainedbrain33,"Played this years ago, great game. One of my favorite original xbox rpg's. Not having the issues others are having with the game not running. But I can't seem to get the controller function to work with my Logitech gaming pad. I have seen one other person posting having a similar issue, surely it doesn't require an actual 360 controller to function. Any help with the issue would be appreciated. I don't have a 360 controller for troubleshooting also."
76561198151738448,Recommended,233350,17136079,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Soul Eater,this game is beyond perfect
76561197995756836,Recommended,233350,27926616,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SkyCaptain502,"TLDR:  Favorite original Xbox title of all time, decent port.  Recommend purchase, strongly recommend gamepad.Long version:  Tight, skill-based combat, memorable characters, and gorgeous graphics (especially when it first came out, but they hold up well in HD) redeem what could have been ""just another RPG"".  The melee combo system relies on precise timing, button mashing prevents maximum damage and makes the game feel clunky.  Ranged combat is done from the first person perspective, a novelty for RPGs, but it works extremely well.  Each character in the game (even the little side characters) is lovingly crafted and painstakingly unique, even the playable characters have completely unique walk and run animations.The Caveats:  Charmingly bad voice acting, a mediocre story, and zero re-playability prevent this game from being perfect, but perfection is overrated.  While the core cast is nearly perfect, all the side-characters have amusingly phoned-in voice-work and obviously affected accents.  This would normally be a bad thing if each voice didn't seem like it completely belonged coming out of each character, you'll get used to it and this is by far my mildest complaint.  While the plot has some interesting twists and drives the protagonists around three gorgeous worlds, it ends up making the game feel longer than it actually is.  My 19.6 hour playtime at time of writing is a 100% side-quest, collectable, and max-level run.  Admittedly its my third time playing through the game (the first two were on the Xbox) and I already knew where all the secrets were.  This brings me to my final complaint: other than going back for an OCD run, there is no incentive to play the game multiple times.  The plot is on rails, there is no player agency at all.  This is brought to the players attention in the most jarring way possible when, three-quarters of the way through the game, you are presented with a single moral choice and the game immediately renders your decision irrelevant.  Other than 10 seconds of cutscene and 2 pieces of dialog, there is absolutely no effect on the game.Gameplay tips: As quickly as possible, give each character a weapon with the bat fang and spirit bite runes.  This renders potions almost obsolete and makes the game significantly easier.  There is a long and difficult sequence early on in the game where two of your characters cannot get these runes, use the “Spirit orbs” to regain health and mana before each fight.  The best weapons for Ailish and Elco are the Wizardwood Stave and the Ion Fluxinator respectively.  These “railguns” have strong damage, pierce through any number of enemies in a straight line, and knock those enemies down.  The first level up point you spend on each character (other than Tal) should be for their buff spell: speed for Ailish, regeneration for Buki, damage for Elco, and defense for Tal (after you survive the first boss, anyway, grab health and mana first).  On Elco's solo boss, the eye is the only part that takes damage, shoot the Tesla coils when they come out of the walls.  Before the final fight, make sure Tal has a weapon with two large “Essence Burn” runes to dispel positive status effects on the boss and at least one golden panacea to dispel negative status effects on yourself."
76561198126407240,Recommended,233350,27736725,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hawkwind,I really like this game it has quests levelling up and secrets
76561198011270411,Recommended,233350,16970554,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,SiFi,"This is what core action adventure games used to be. Character progression, side quests, puzzles, and just enough exploration to keep you interested without feeling lost.Only downside is its short length."
76561198071768256,Recommended,233350,22294100,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,jeremiah.downham,"great game, stunning grafics and pleanty to do."
,Recommended,233350,9255082,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Gough Whitlam,"This game had a lot of issues when the steam version first landed but they've finally managed to iron them all out. I will say that it looks a hell of a lot better than i expected, your best bet for improving visuals would be to use CCC or nvidia control panel to force appropriate texture rendering. Playing in 1440p you would not think this game is a as old as it is. The game itself is probably not that great tbh, i probably only played it again because of the nostalgia but it is definately a rewarding game to play with a completely unique play style and a story/themes that are surprisingly dark at times."
76561198006395100,Recommended,233350,9275258,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Lavian,"It's a pretty shoddy port job with some pretty terrible bugs (crashing during saves corrupting files, freezing on loading an area, battles that never end despite all enemies being dead, to name some I've run into). Also some of the cutscenes seem to be in terribly compressed video that would probably look hideous no matter what monitor you put it on.I should note that the Devs seem to be on top of thigs as far as trying to fix the existing bugs, but as of right now, they're there, and they're bad. Running the game in Windows 98/ME compatability mode  seems to remedy the most serious problems, but runnning the game as such may cause some fairly crippling load times.Sudeki is an RPG, it's got a really silly naming sense using Japanese words (you've got a shopkeeper duck that's named Duck in Japanese... the game is not Japanese by the way), it has an ultra cliche storyline/cast of characters, and its got a battle system that consists of a rather clunky combo system for melee characters and a whole lot of circle strafing and/or kiting for ranged characters.Honestly, the game is pretty mediocre just in general, but I played it when it came out for xbox a decade ago (and I'm replaying it now on PC), and I still somehow enjoy my time with it. At 5 USD, despite the glaring problems, I think it's worth it (assuming that losing progress to glitches doesn't make you want to flip a table every time it happens; save points are fairly frequent)."
,Recommended,233350,9253089,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Guts,"This Was an original xbox game a very good rpg far ahead of its time, similar to fable but with a squad based format, very fun."
76561198032819570,Recommended,233350,9256901,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,BENIS :D :D :D,"The Fable trying to be more animu graphics reaaally don't stand the test of time, despite the screenshots. Female characters run like they're disabled too. Enjoying it though because I played it when I was 12."
,Recommended,233350,11543702,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Kane Reynolds,"Sudeki was one of my favorite Xbox game and I was impressed with the port. Get it on sale, you may or may not find replay value but I did."
,Not Recommended,233350,34308813,Posted: 17 August,all,ilintar,"I just can't get into this game. Maybe it starts off slow, maybe the combat system is oversimplified, or maybe the game world is too cliche. I simply can't seem to convince myself to play beyond the ~10 hours I already have. I tend to enjoy JRPGs, both the more action-oriented and the more classic ones, however, this one simply doesn't seem to have either the fun combat nor the story to keep me going."
76561198107779127,Recommended,233350,34670322,Posted: 1 September,all,toammar2006,very good Games.........
,Recommended,233350,11645875,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Jakasmo ᕦʕ•͡ᴥ•ʔᕤ,"Hi,Nice game, i have miss it since xbox :)Still a nice one :D"
76561198108242769,Recommended,233350,10845671,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,cenarian,"Interesting game, would reccomend if on sale"
,Not Recommended,233350,14996596,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,YellowLab,"Sudeki is a typical console RPG. While it is an XBox (original) port, the graphics have been updated to support higher resolutions. This is most obvious when watching the non-engine generated cut scenes. These really show their age.For me, the game was okay.Four heroes are needed to collect crystals to make a ""peace keeping"" device. Turns out the peace keeping device is a energy sap to conjure a powerful demon. There is a shadow world and big epic boss fights.It is linear: go here, go there, but you can't go to this other place. All the while you must stay on the path. And there are savepoints.You do get to control all members of your party during combat. Combat also is more than button mashing. For the melee fighters, there is a combo system. Three hits in a row and you execute a combo. Ranged fighters are in first person view. For the most part the AI for the other party members is decent. I heard it is way better than the original XBox version.There is a skill system. Each of the party members have both defensive and offensive skills. I did find that they seemed very unbalanced. And then there are the skill strikes. Bestowed upon the characters by the Gods themselves these are extremely powerful attacks that you must defeat enemies in order to charge the skill strike meter.I did have some crashes near the end. Also, the arena fights of the boss monsters sometimes left crazy camera angles and not much time to correct them. This was distracting more than anything, but getting walloped due to poor camera angle plain sucks. I also didn't care for the fan service. The female characters, as is seen in much fantasy, barely had any armor on.Not a bad game, but not necessarily one that I can recommend."
76561198019521800,Recommended,233350,9251423,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,scorpys11,I am trying to play Sudeki with a logitech gamepad but it doesn't work i tried xbox360ce can you help me please?
76561198054387451,Recommended,233350,32008900,Posted: 27 May,all,Kuolema,This game is like a sausage in a blender.
,Recommended,233350,29242850,Posted: 14 January,all,Zingeljig,still an amazing game.  I have finished it a few times on consol and again on pc.  so good
76561198010784374,Recommended,233350,27759799,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mog,"This is a true classic, An amazing RPG from the past with great story, great people to love, and amazing music. The locations are great the combat is great the skills and powers you get are great, Everything about this game is gold"
76561198042916594,Recommended,233350,26373017,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Tleuma,"15% fighting, which is the most fun8% annoying puzzles8% annoying cutscenes69% running around & staring at peoples butts. Most of the time you can chose the butts to stare on, which is awesome. Mine were the females.I like the intro. Story is meh. Voice acting is double meh."
,Recommended,233350,19376723,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Junkrat >:3c,"Is this a sucky game, even for its time when released? Yes.Are the graphics poor, VA dumber than all hell and the camera wonky even with a controller? Yes.Is it a fun game based on its battle system? Yes.Am I biased? Oh hell yes.This was a game I played as a child, and it blew my friggin mind.So, uh...not a very good game but I'm dumb so play it."
76561198037050803,Not Recommended,233350,9257454,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Goregut,"I had this game on the orginal xbox and played it to bits, now that it is on steam I leaped out of my seat to buy it and started playing right away.To my dissapointment the game so far at least has had alot of bugs, constantly stuck in combat without anything to attack, freezes, and just recently I losed my save due to a freeze while the game was saving.Dont get me wrong the game is awesome if it works but at least for me this has put me off playing it once again."
76561198055369386,Not Recommended,233350,10411486,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Trolldrool,"While this game certainly does have its good moments, and sometimes even a little intense, and I poured several hours into it, there were certain things that in the end made me regret this purchase. One of them being that the party you assemble is ultimately pointless because every single boss fight is single player. By which I mean that every serious boss fight picks one of the members from your team to fight alone which completely ruins the point in leveling your entire party. Another being the companion interaction. The dialogue is cheesy and predictable and as the game tries to create a magic vs science conflict, this fails hard as the arguments from both sides quickly become tedious and you find yourself not caring for either one. At all. It was a fun game, but after I got to the last boss, I felt like I had wasted my time and money."
,Not Recommended,233350,19785543,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Bob,"I almost abandoned this game shortly after starting it but I persevered through most of the game and now think it would have been better if I had given up right at the start. The main problem with the game is the combat. You start off as a melee fighter and the combat mostly relies on using combos. These require slowly pressing different combinations of the mouse buttons which feels unnatural as you expect the combat to be fast paced, they are easily interrupted too. After a while you unlock a ranged character which has a standard FPS style in combat and is quite fun to begin with. As the game progresses the fights get more drawn out and tedious, you end up just running round avoiding enemies, hitting them to remove tiny amounts of health until you finally wear them down. The game also keeps splitting up the party with most the boss fights being one on one, so once you find the character who suits you best you will still be forced to use the ones you hate.Another thing that aggravated me was the amount of retracing your steps you have to do if you want to complete the side missions. For example in the first village you arrive at the villagers talk about a ship wreck and it must have been the Amazon delivery ship because half the village was expecting something on the ship. So this seemed like an easy bunch of side missions, just head down to the beach collect all the flotsam and return. However it doesn't let you collect all the items at once you have to go back and forth to the beach 3 times and of course all the enemies respawn. There is a fast travel system but that is only unlocked so late into the game I had already lost all interest in doing anything that might prolong the game.The bit that finally got me to give up on the game was near the end you have to escort a character to safety and I had saved my game when this NPC had low health without realising that I could not use any of the many healing potions I had on her This meant that no matter what I did she immediately got killed in the next section of combat and I really couldn't be bothered to go back and try again from my last save point so I just looked up the ending on youTube.Other minor annoyances were as follows. The camera controls, moving the mouse up and down does not rotate the camera up and down as you would expect, this is really disconcerting at the start but I got used to it. The voice acting is terrible, it is like they thought it would give the characters more life if they had a wide range of voices but they just ended up with a bunch of terrible stereotype accents. There is no mouse cursor in the menus, this creates the weird control scheme of being able to select items with a mouse click but having to use the keyboard to navigate the menu. The pre-rendered videos are terrible quality, much worse than the gameplay.Credit where credit is due apart from the lack of cursor in the menus the PC port is actually decent. The visuals were pretty good, a little dated but still good. The story was entertaining too but not enough to make the game worth playing in my opinion."
76561198050294435,Not Recommended,233350,14526540,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,jcircello,"Come on. i can understand a challenge but the further u get in this game it just gets more and more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ it takes 30 minutes for just about every battle it only takes them 4 or 5 shots to get u at low health but it takes u 4000 hits to frickin kill them.( exaggeration but u get the point). the mage does crappy damage elco dont do crap for u. buki is just a rip off of the wolverine from x men and doesnt do no damage like a DPS is supposed to, she should be eating up the floor not dying the most. u fight pretty much all the bosses with one character but u play the whole game in a party. like what the hell is the point of making a party based game if u cant use ur party in a boss battle. knockbacks are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. it takes forever for them to get up and by the time theyre up theyre either triple teamed on, knocked back down, or dead. if ur up for the challenge, by all means get the game. but its not worth the money for something im gonna blow up on and throw my computer through the window over."
76561197983823151,Not Recommended,233350,16369565,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,eddyrock,"I played this back when it first came out. I saw it on steam and thought ""Oh ya this game"" and bought it. Now I question old me's choices.There are a lot of good ideas presented in the game. It's seems like someone put a lot of effort into the lore of the world. Much of this world is lost in this games presentation. I would suspect that someone was putting a lot of effort into this game and then it was hurried out the door before it was totaly ready.The combat is clumsy and repetative, and feels like it uses a flaws in the combat system against the player. Voice acting is painful, and the animations are bad ever by early 2000's standards. In short it hasen't aged well because it wasn't that great to begin with."
,Not Recommended,233350,14280200,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,jslavv19,"I bought it based upon positive reviews, luckily I didn't spend much. It seemed fun at first, but the combat system is horrid and making me regret my purchase."
76561198032600860,Recommended,233350,9251015,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Soloeus,"Criers gonna cry and haters gonna hate, this is a classic  and it works for me no problem."
,Not Recommended,233350,20355964,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,hiddinghero,Some games feel not quite finished. This game feels as though they've barely begun building it.
,Not Recommended,233350,18687950,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Bluemist,"I believe that at its core, this is a good game with an interesting story, but some of the basic elements I find mandatory for a good RPG game were just not present.I found that the world was well crafted, it looked nice for a game of this time period. This is where the game really shines, I really enjoyed the diverse and creative map design that this game features. The character design was also very nice, featuring unique and well crafted characters.The voice acting was a bonus for sure, but the dialogue overall did not feel at all natural, as if the dialogue was there only to quickly give you information relevant to the the story, delivering it in a way that felt forced.  It had no enjoyable feel to it. Although this did not affect the story in a large way, the player must 'translate' what came out of the dialogue and piece together the story which makes almost no sense at all until mid-game.I'm not sure if I was missing something, but the battles were not fun at all. There are areas in the world that spawn enemies, locking you in the battlefield until all the enemies are defeated. This was frustrating because there is no opportunity to escape from a battle, there is no way around battle zones and you must replay the battle even when passing through a battle zone you have previously defeated. The battle system itself was not bad, but battles seemed to take a very long time, especially once enemies started regaining health. As the game progressed, the battles got only slightly more difficult, while the length got unbearably long as you deal minuscule amounts of damage.The keyboard controls were terrible, making movement and battle very difficult. It is much, much better with a controller.Overall, even for the $6 this game costs, I cannot recommend it."
76561198076108771,Not Recommended,233350,14820081,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,chris,Quit playing after first few hours.Glitchy as hell.Graphics vanish leaving empty voids.Controlls are screwed on the menu making it fustrating as buggery tochoose quick select items etc.Annoying.
,Not Recommended,233350,22359722,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Chungus,This one should have been left as a faint memory of my early teens...
,Not Recommended,233350,30912651,Posted: 2 April,all,Othedrian,I forgot how clumsy the controls were for this game even for the original XBox
76561198022823971,Recommended,233350,9260369,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,x19flores84,"I hate it, but I cant even get it to work. I spent the last few hours doing all the extra crap to try and get it to work and still not working. Now just going to say f it and get a refund. By the way I have Windows 7 Ultimate 64.Edit Review: Fixed know and love it except for some lag during battle or movies look like crap but I like the story enough to keep playing."
,Not Recommended,233350,9260017,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,spelk,"Similar issues to a lot of other people, loads splashscreen but then just hangs on a black screen going nowhere. On a 64bit Windows 7 laptop. Regretting my eagerness to jump in and get it without investigating the issues."
76561198009728438,Not Recommended,233350,9251187,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Deichkin,Crashes on start. Great game.
76561197963648068,Not Recommended,233350,9295092,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,sKorpion,"first, it's a console port...not the worst... but not very good.highly recommend xbox controller.controls for keyboard/mouse 6/10 .. better than most ports.voice acting 4/10 ... painfulgraphics 4/10 ... pics above are enhanced.combat 5/10 ... camera constantly gets in way and animations are repetitive.add to all that a very very poor tutorial...can't recommend."
,Recommended,233350,9274608,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,╰⊱-Rev The Dragon-⊰╯,"I had this game on XBox Classic, I had almost completed the game... But then my XBox died.I was so glad to see this game released. I never watched any walkthroughs or anything to this game, I don't want to spoil it for myself, and I never will. <3 I can't wait to re-live my childhood, and see the ending to this beautiful game.No, the graphics aren't the best, but who cares? It's gameplay over graphics!And this game really does have brilliant gameplay.It is well worth the £3.99 / $5, I haven't experienced any bugs so far. So I don't know why everyone else is complaning.Well worth the money!"
,Not Recommended,233350,23852167,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,geminidoesgames,"IT'S GOT TOM FREAKIN' BAKER IN IT!!!!!!Unfortunately, that's about the only good thing about it.  Here are just a few of the issues I've noted with this game.1.) The story is confusing.2.) The combat is unfair in a number of ways.A.) You have 4 characters.  Two of them are melee fighters and control exactly the same. You have a combo meter, and can pull of combos through a series of heavy and light attacks.  To successfully make a combo, you must press your next button when the next circle in the meter is lit up.  Miss it, and your subsequent attacks are slow and clunky.  But sometimes, the circle lights up for a very short time, or not at all.  Your other two characters are ranged attackers and, again, control the same...i.e. HORRIBLY!  Even though the view is of a third person perspective in normal gameplay, during which your characters movement is perfectly natural and fine, when entering combat, you are forced into a first person view, and suddenly your character turns like a damn tank!B.) There are no invincibility frames, so if enemies gang up on one of your characters and corner you, you'll probably lose health pretty damn fast.C.) Enemies respawn too damn often.  Specifically, if enemies spawn in one portion of a particular area, and you defeat them, explore another portion of the same area, then return to the first portion, the enemies will respawn!  I can understand them doing this if you went to an entirely different area and came back, but not while you're in the same damn area!3.) Even putting my love for Doctor Who aside, the voice acting by anyone in this game not named Tom Baker is dry at best, but for the most part grating.4.) The camera can zoom in and out and adjust horizontally, but not vertically.5.) Your characters can not use magic abilities if you're not in combat, particularly annoying as one of your characters is a healer.6.) Speaking of healing, there's a 4-slot Quickslot system in the game.  You're supposed to be able to go into the menu, go to the item section, and highlight an item and assign it to a slot by pressing the corresponding button.  The only trouble is half the time it doesn't work properly, and it's easier to just press Y (on an XBox controller) during combat to find an item you want that way.If you're a fan of Doctor Who or of Tom Baker in general, this game might be worth looking at just to hear him in it, but other than that, I can find no redeeming features about this game.Please check out Gemini Does Games on YouTube, Facebook, and Twitter!"
76561198069461336,Not Recommended,233350,9260859,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,GundamIT,I couldn't get it to run on windows 7.
,Not Recommended,233350,24260157,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Silim,"The port is, quite frankly, garbage. This game wasn't half bad back on the original Xbox, but it does NOT hold up well to the test of time. The controls in the PC version are utter crap and barely work."
,Not Recommended,233350,9250614,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,HopelessMLT,"Well, this was a nice waste of time. The game does not load at all."
76561198040643541,Not Recommended,233350,32696316,Posted: 23 June,all,Zeretho,"It has very bad framerate on windows 8 and windows 10... So, if you've got windows XP get this but otherwise its a waste."
76561198053618694,Not Recommended,233350,28951038,Posted: 2 January,all,Jasonc,the game is ok for people starting out in rpgs but and i dont know about others but it kept crashing and always near poi nts where not been to a save in a while so you would have to backtrack all that work again so be prepared
76561198048962314,Not Recommended,233350,31137808,Posted: 14 April,all,Franko,"It's a boring game with OK graphics,it has glitches in there, the story is quite bad, this made me stop playing it, if it's nostalgia what you are looking for, go ahead, but if you haven't played it, I wouldn't recommended it unless it's on sale."
76561198008392394,Not Recommended,233350,9247395,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,raynerton,"The game won't run properly on my alienware aurora desktop. It plays through the cinematics then just stops on a black screen,I would post this in the forums but they don't seem to be working for this game."
76561197985137127,Not Recommended,233350,9246416,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,simondhopkin,"Not sure about it. Looked cool but cannot get it to run on my laptop under Windows 7. Plays the intro sequence then does nothing stuck on a black screen.Changing the C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Sudeki settings of the Sudeki.exe file to run in win98/me compatability mode seems to do the trick, for me anyway. Will perhaps modify the review once I have played for a bit. But really most people have modern systems these days and if you are selling these older games they should be more accessible to play. So not criticising the game but rather steam for not sorting that issue out. Have no problems when purchasing old games from ites such as GOG."
76561197981253064,Not Recommended,233350,28548903,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Boku wa ZULU no Samurai desu,"CONSThe voice acting is terrible. The dialogue is stupid. The plot is also stupid.The combat is repetitive.One of the sword combos consist of the player character plunging their sword into the ground and spinning over the sword to kick enemies. Looks very stupid.The graphics are hideous artistically. The character models look like they're from 90's cg cartoons.Mouse control is clunky, so use a controller.PROSThere are none."
,Not Recommended,233350,12955655,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,yatesfam,"Horrible graphics, annoying gameplay, horrible writing, and basicly lame."
,Recommended,233350,30644142,Posted: 20 March,all,Django,Good game fairly challenging at times well worth it
76561197991407583,Recommended,233350,19286239,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Quapsel,Its an really good Single Player RPG.But the beginning is really hard.Later the game gets easier in my oppinion.
,Recommended,233350,13679582,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mariswan,"Such an entertaining game. Gets a bit repetitive once you get used to it, but it's still fun."
76561198042936264,Recommended,233350,17593718,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,a humble mango farmer,"Old but gold. Great game for its age, acceptable graphics, and very fun gameplay.GREAT GAMEPLAY -- Real time combat: Simple melee combat, FPS element ranged combat, and nice skills.BAD STORY DEVELOPMENT -- Cliche-ish story line and underdeveloped characters, but its fine since it has the gameplay going in the right direction. If you're looking for story and character development you should look somewhere else. This is strictly for gameplay.VERY SHORT -- for people who want straight foward gameplay with a decemt amount of side quests to do. Takes about 14-17 hours of gameplay. I took about 17 hours after finishing 95% of the sidequests."
,Recommended,233350,17132263,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Catcher40,Enjoyable game that for some reason got skipped over by most of the gamers.
,Recommended,233350,9266091,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Sighman,"Tom Baker is my favourite Doctor Who. Tom Baker lends his voice talents to this game. That's an insta-buy for me.To make this game work on Windows 7, you need to locate the exe files for both the game and the launcher, and set their compatibilty mode to Windows 98/ME. (You can find the exe files by going into the game's properties menu via Steam - right-click the game in your library, choose properties - then click View Local Files under the second tab.)"
,Recommended,233350,18353464,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,애슐리,"A game form childhood, when they 1st put this game on steam it was buggy and unplayable, but they have fix all that and is playable again."
,Recommended,233350,20176384,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Elane»,More like suck diky heuehhuehufuhauheuuhfuhBut seriously this game's pretty good
,Recommended,233350,20071333,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Trikele,I luv it soooo much great story and nice fighting mechanics
76561198110008467,Recommended,233350,19946557,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Pengy,"A really cool storyline, have beaten the game a few times and it never gets old. As you progress you can feel the dynamics of your group become more powerful, and it's great to play through fights as different people than the last time you did it, and to spec their skills differently."
,Recommended,233350,20439191,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Another Mettaton Fangirl,"Sudeki was ahead of it's time, with a fun, practical combat system, engaginc characters, wonderful scenergy, and interesting plot. I played this game back when it was released for the xbox, and I was incredibly happy to see it back here for the PC! AWESOME game, I strongly recommend it."
76561198054998331,Recommended,233350,16108984,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Grimsver431,an amazing game from the old xbox back in the day i managed to complete this on the xbox years ago and i would still even recommend playing it now this game also brings me back to my younger days
,Recommended,233350,15756369,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,EdeaHeartilly,One of the best rpg games of it is time for the original xbox is now on steam.I had the previlege of playing this gem on the original xbox & loved every minute of it.In todays standard the graphics are not exactly the best looking but it does the job & I would take gameplay over graphics anyday :) .If you are looking for a good rpg for a reasonable price give this gem a shot.
76561198006793829,Recommended,233350,15401953,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,XDark_HonorX,"Great classic rpg that is more challenging then fable. Enjoyed this game so much, it brought me back to when i first played it on original xbox. Love the new steam version!"
,Recommended,233350,15017782,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Storm Funsoms,"i am not really that much into RPG's.. when i take my time devloping my character, i sometimes get too connected to the proccess and feel like i can't really leave if im doing well. but this is one of the RPG's i've playd during my late childhood, and i don't regret a second of it. its challanging and charming. the graphics are good, the game mechanics works well and the story is intriguing with the best of plots and twists i've seen. it start outs pretty mundane, but the more you play, the more you get swallow'n into the depth of this game.im actually saving this game for a lp, but im not sure it will do that well on youtube. its more of a twitch game, where you gotta put your time into it and dont stress a moment. if you do, you're sure as hell is missing out on the game.it got its edges here and there, but i dont really remember what they were. they didn't bother me that much as a kid. except for the fact that the walking is sorta slow compared to the size of the map, i can't really say i remember anything else that was an annoyance. it is a great game and it really is worth checking out, specially if you're into RPG's."
,Recommended,233350,15467864,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,dragonawsed,Love this game when I was a young lad! I recommend this to many one who needs a game to play for a weekend.
,Recommended,233350,15678796,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Hanuke,"Definitely a nice game. Decent story and top tier visuals for it's time. You see MMOs with worse visuals than this in current modern day so these haven't aged THAT much. The style is semi cartoonish as well so there's no real need to go so intricate with graphics anyway. For those who have played this on XBox and are afraid of the ultra long load times this game had in that console, I'm glad to say those days are gone. The game has near no loading now. Also this game now has HD visuals so everything just looks prettier than you remembered. As sounds and voice go, the acting is average. Does the job but some characters sound less lively than others. My only gripe is that some cut scenes remained in low resolution. Mainly the very first intro to the game world, which would make players think the game is not HD. They used the in game engine to render them but they are still FMVs. An upgrade to these could have been nice, if possible. But it's minor in the end as many cut scenes are made non FMV.As for gameplay. This game is an action RPG with some first person shooter elements. See, you play (eventually) as four characters. Two use melee weapons, one uses staves that can shoot magic and the last one uses magic infused guns. In combat, you switch through these characters at will, switching from third to first person depending on the character. Your spells are done in bullet time, as the game slows down to almost a full stop. Your enemies are fast and relentless so you need to strategize with all four characters if you want to survive. Combat itself is medium paced for melee users. Reminds me a bit of Phantasy Star Online and it's three attack combos for melee characters. First person is pretty much as you'd expect. You aim and shoot and that feels good and evenly paced.The world is rather big for it's time and you have to run in the early levels to places that are rather far, yet there's no real loading times between most doors so the experience feels very open world. There's stuff laying about the world for you to check and interact with, and places with hidden treasure or screenshot worthy vistas. All in all running around the game world is an interesting experience.In the end, yes, I recommend this game. It's good, solid and you can sink a few hours in it. A great job of a game indeed."
76561198115189659,Recommended,233350,15664792,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Zappy,"I had first played Sudeki when i was but a young lad, on the original xbox, and to say i loved it was an understatement, this is a gem of a game. The story is simply brilliant and the gameplay is fun and enjoyable. Buy it if you have the money and you're looking for a story that'll stick with you in your gaming years."
76561198072697102,Recommended,233350,15920577,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Asakura,"Classic game, really enjoyed it. It is a shame there hasn't been a sequel."
76561198156952773,Recommended,233350,15865754,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,grumpypuff,still as good as the xbox version sudeki is definately one of the older microsoft rpg classics featuring pretty solid combat for its time and some unique gameplay definately a buy
76561198040960820,Recommended,233350,16487766,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,blademaster12349,"Sudeki is a pretty good rpg game, that is, if you can stand the long loading times. It sort of reminds me of Fable in a way.Pros:Simple leveling up system. Beautiful yet slightly aged graphics. Engaging combat. Interesting story line. Good gameplay.Cons:REALLY long loading times. Bad voice acting (some of the lines read are actually pretty funny).That's it..........is-is there some special way to end this thing? Am I done? Good!"
76561198004441925,Recommended,233350,21259353,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,PikAboo,this is a great game to check out
76561198173370779,Recommended,233350,21967006,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Verslide,"Used to play dis game around 7-8 years old, on he xbox. what a nice childhood game to play again :)"
,Recommended,233350,21909253,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,"""GDK"" StRïDÆR-XVII","It truly is one of a kind... a ""JRPG"" made approachable for the West... Or was it the other way around?An original Xbox title that was meant to strengthen the gaming system mainly in Japan... (Pretty positive it was this one!)I was never big on Final Fantasy... yet I love Sudeki.I wanted to like the ""Tales of ..."" Series... But still just loved Sudeki.I even tried community favorites and hopefuls like ""Ys"" or ""The Legend of Heroes""... But there is nothing like Sudeki.Even over 10 years later... I am playing it via the Steam Link on my TV...Even tho there are a few visual glitches... But they are forgiven, as they never crashed the game for me... Yes, the voice acting is kind of terrible... But for some reason... I don't care!I lOVE SUDEKI - immensely! Because it is a (J)RPG and not a J(!)RPG. It is nostagic, somewhat romantic, and definitely a gew to own on steam!PS: I found out about Sudeki on the Fable Disc (which i also enjoyed back the) on my original Xbox way back when and awaited its release, just for story and atmosphere reasons... A lot of people recommend Fable as somewhat similar... And i just want to say: It's not!"
,Recommended,233350,33002395,Posted: 29 June,all,Nev,Absolutely loved this game on the original Xbox. It's great to be able to play it on PC.
76561198105445916,Recommended,233350,33184530,Posted: 3 July,all,Fugitive Mind,"A solid ARPG that's quite a bit outdated. The story is interesting, the characters are developed, the loot is cool, and the combat never gets tiring. However, the wonky camera, linear map design, simple puzzles, fetch quests, and easy difficulty don't allow it to be as good as it could have been (never had a single character fall in combat, let alone a Game Over screen).That shouldn't deter hardcore ARPG fans from this title. There's a solid amount of content here for the price."
,Recommended,233350,33596026,Posted: 16 July,all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","-Great action RPG but very old-school-Fun mix of looting, leveling and slashing. You get some new abilty like climbing then you go back where you saw vines.Story is yeah cliched, graphics are dated but it's cheap and still fun to play even without fancy acheivement stuff and online whatnot.No technical problems on Windows 10 either."
,Recommended,233350,32756337,Posted: 24 June,all,KaanSatisHesabi2,Oldie
76561197990406921,Recommended,233350,32971618,Posted: 28 June,all,MMG Man,Great action RPG!
76561198187037929,Recommended,233350,30135466,Posted: 23 February,all,shadersouls1,This game is amazing. Brings me back to the old xbox days. Also it still looks pretty amazing for. 13 year old game. I highly recommend this game
,Recommended,233350,17428183,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Bramblepie,A surprisingly amazing RPG.
