user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,233370,16443235,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Lucifalle,"I initially bought this game at full price due to the positive early reviews (which were mostly based on the first chapter).Unfortunately, the game is severely broken for many users and the developers have done little to fix these issues since the game's release. These are not only minor bugs or annoyances, but critical game breaking issues.I usually love these types of adventure games, but in this case, I have been unable to progress beyond the first chapter (disregard the deceptive amount of hours on record; I have left the game running in the background on several occasions while running errands, sleeping or looking for solutions to the problems I've encountered). It is unlikely that I will get a refund as I bought the game long before Steam's refund policies were changed. Instead, I want to warn future potential buyers of the problems they may encounter.Take a look at the forum posts below:Bug thread (13 pages so far):https://steamcommunity.com/app/233370/discussions/0/846959998013346908/Save games disappearing (this is my biggest issue at the moment, as you can see by my posts to the below threads):https://steamcommunity.com/app/233370/discussions/0/594820656460543503/https://steamcommunity.com/app/233370/discussions/0/540734168144496448/https://steamcommunity.com/app/233370/discussions/0/34095131971716840/Linux/Mac issues (there are too many of these threads to list them all):https://steamcommunity.com/app/233370/discussions/0/540736320066916724/https://steamcommunity.com/app/233370/discussions/0/540732596570915707/https://steamcommunity.com/app/233370/discussions/0/540734792154348290/https://steamcommunity.com/app/233370/discussions/0/540736780877897495/https://steamcommunity.com/app/233370/discussions/0/846959875998907603/https://steamcommunity.com/app/233370/discussions/0/846959876007904035/Etc.More examples can be found on the game's discussion page and I recommend reading through it. These issues have NOT been fixed, despite the game having been out for two years now.This leaves the game unplayable for many people; whether you are going to be one of these people depends on your luck and on your operating system. Mac and Linux users seem to have the most issues. As the game is listed as being compatible on these operating systems, this is inexcusable.As for the game itself (or the little I have been able to experience of it), the story is an obvious homage to Agatha Christie's Hercule Poirot. The first chapter starts off slow, but quickly builds up suspense once the titular ""Raven"" makes an appearance. I have heard that the second and third chapters are a bit of a let down compared to the first chapter's conclusion. The puzzles are alright, but nothing memorable comes to mind. They mainly seem to revolve around using the right object in the right location. I didn't encounter any logic puzzles or truly creative solutions. There is some pixel hunting involved, which I found annoying in the initial train sequence (although it is possible to reveal hot spots in the game by using up ""points"", this locks certain achievements from being accomplished). The animation and movement in the game is frankly awful, but I was able to ignore it for the most part. It does not really compare well to contemporary medium-high budget games, and as such the standard asking price is a tad steep. I would write more about the game itself, but my save games were erased three times in a row and I have given up on making any progress beyond this chapter.Basically, if you play on Mac or Linux: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!If you play on Windows... buy at your own risk. The first chapter seems decent enough; I can't personally comment on the final two chapters, but many reviews online seem to paint them in a rather mediocre light. Even if you do not encounter the technical issues that apply to Mac or Linux users, the game is still rife with random bugs which can impede your progress. I'd wait for a sale, or hope that the developers finally take notice of these issues and release a patch."
76561197962473519,Recommended,233370,7918631,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Caff,"This is a classic old-school style point-and-click adventure with some quality graphics, superb voice acting, and a brilliant orchestral soundtrack.  It has a strong nostalgic feel of a Poirot / Pink Panther whodunnit.My one criticism is that the puzzles are pretty simple - sometimes you feel you are just clicking things for the character to reveal the story.  However, the atmosphere and superb voice acting will keep you hooked in, and it's worth sticking with it to the end to reveal the true identity of the ""The Raven"" - the mysterious, shadowy character you chase through the game.The pace is quite slow - but in a nice gentle way.  It's a perfect chillout game for the mature adventure gamer on a lazy Sunday afternoon."
76561198099216008,Recommended,233370,12070384,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Laura Blues,"As someone who enjoys good point-and-click games, this was an averagely good one, though it wasn't an awesome one. As someone who's read and loved Agatha Christie, the constant references to her books, character and herself are simply adorable.Things I liked about it:The plot felt like a tribute to Agatha Christie's mystery novels, even in certain apparently far-fetched plot twists. There are also nods to what became the ""classic"" plot in mystery novels. I loved it when one of the characters said something like ""what do you think, we're going to come up with new surprise characters?"" or similar. Even the cheesy romance that flourishes in the midst of adversity sounds like a nod to Christie's novels.The music is very nice and goes well with the game.NO PIXEL HUNTING. No extremely absurd combinations of inventory items, like ""oh, let me glue cat hair to a baby rattle to make a crossbow"".The voice acting is not outstanding, but it's good enough to keep you in the atmosphere.Things I didn't like about it:There are several bugs. You get stuck walking but not moving, characters disappear in the middle of dialog, you disappear, objects disappear from your inventory, then they magically reappear. Sometimes you just have to restart from a previous save.The graphics looked unfinished. Sometimes I could see the eyeball through the angle of the eyelid, details like that.The movements were very awkward. Sometimes you arrive somewhere and have to examine an item, and for that, the character stops, turns left, stops again, turns a little more, stops again, then you have the animation of the character examining. Then, a pause, then the character's comment about it, then a pause, andthenyou can continue. It's not too bad, but it gets annoying after a few hours.There aren't enough puzzles, though it's probably fair to say that I don't count as puzzle using a key to open a door, even though sometimes these things can be considered puzzles by others. The very few puzzles are generally too obvious, especially with all the help you get. Sometimes you examine an item, and the character comments something like ""Oh, that would be useful to do this or that..."".In general, it's fairly entertaining and I enjoyed it, probably because the continuous references to Agatha Christie kept bringing a silly smile to my face. If I had to grade it, I guess it would be 7/10, though I'm not sure I'd grade it like this if I hadn't been a Christie fan."
76561197983642344,Not Recommended,233370,8811474,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Pergund,"Not worth your time or money.I really enjoy point and click games, but this game is really boring, slow paced and nothing left for your own imagination. You are a detective who has to solve the riddle about the masterthief 'The Raven' which has stolen a jewl that is suppose to be shown first time in a Egyptian museum.A long the way you learn a lot about different characters; their porblems, dreams and what they do in general. I thought this was important at first, since I followed every little detail about everyone in case it would be important to ultimately resolve who was the master thief, but no ... The criminal are shown to you near the end, so no guessing and no need to go through the evidence.The game also makes each object you pick so obvious of where to use it. If you pick up a toothpick he's actually saying where to use it, ""I can use it to open the lock to ..."", thus leaves nothing to the imagination.Do not make me start on the animation. You want your character to walk a direction, but first he has to make a 360 degree turn and take like 5-10 steps on the spot before he manage to walk forwards.This is truly a point and click game, and nothing more. With a lot of bugs that seems not to be fixed, and may ruin your game experience."
,Recommended,233370,7322455,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Z Chrispian Chrispin Crisp,"A series packaged in (the now common) monthly Chapters has finally reached it's conclusion. Fans of Poiret and Agatha Christie Novel style games should pick this up. Or if you simply enjoy good detective stories done well. I enjoyed the puzzles and the voice acting was strong in places but weak in others. The enviroments repeated themselves often as you played similar events from different points of view but it was done in a way that didn't feel lazy or some rehash.  Achievments for perfect scores are broken which annoyed me as I wanted to do a clean hintless run but it takes nothing from the game. Considering this was made during some downtime from The brilliant Book of Written tales you have to give it credit. Over the 3 Chapters you play as various protagonists and antagonists to unravel the mystery of ""Who is The Raven?"" You get bonus points for paying attention and accuising them in the game so its worth uncovering all the clues. Slow paced but understandibly so."
,Recommended,233370,8058105,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Waxx,"The Raven is a well-presented adventure game with endearing characters, intriguing and enticing story arcs. I found myself exploring every bit of dialogue just to learn more about them, without regard to progression of the story. This game does suffer from sometimes awkward character movement and pathnoding, as well as stilted facial animation, but this is easy to get past and doesn't present much of a problem.Fans of adventure games should definitely purchase this game."
76561198028803645,Recommended,233370,15766623,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,FiddyCentavos,"Months after playing through, I still find myself thinking about this game every once in a while.  Despite a few buggy mechanics, The Raven is a solid, memorable point and click mystery.  Top notch voice acting and well designed puzzles guide you through a wonderfully written story that is both unique and an impressive homage to the traditions and tropes of the mystery genre.  If you typically enjoy any of these elements, this is definitely a title to check out."
,Not Recommended,233370,19223359,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,ncrdrg,"I don't often write reviews, much less to recommend people not to buy a game but Raven - Legacy of a Master Thief is a game that annoyed me enough to take the time to write a negative review.It has a lot, and I mean a lot of technical issues. It's playable but you will encounter many critical bugs, such as being unable to transition between places because the KB+M control scheme doesn't work properly. You can end up stuck in one scene if you go back an area, unable to return. Animations are very jerky, with many characters looking like ugly puppets when they talk. Movement is slow, tedious and your character sometimes gets stuck into movement or going the other way around than the direction where you clicked. I had to swap to a gamepad control scheme a few times to transition between some areas and then go back to KB+M, because it's even worse than KB+M. For some reason, my game stopped adding new saves after 7 pages of it, which meant I had to manually erase old saves. Naturally, the game doesn't inform you of this upper limit, you get to find out the hard way it stopped recording your saves. And Alt+Tab can crash your game or leave it in a state where the only thing you can see is a dark screen.Next are some gameplay annoyances, some of which are unforgivable for a mystery adventure game. Your character has to walk to switch areas, instead of the standard double click for an instant area switch. When you click something, you can't cancel your movement midway. And since your character moves like a slowpoke, it's pretty irritating. Want to highlight what objects you can click? That'll cost you points, which you can accumulate by solving mysteries and advancing the story.  Oh, and it only highlights for like 1-2 seconds. So you better have eagle eyes and a good visual memory because otherwise, you just wasted those points for nothing.Finally, the only somewhat redeeming element of this game is its story. Sadly, while it starts strong, with your main character being a constable that seems to be based on Poirot. The quality of the story goes down the drain in the second and third chapters, as you switch to new characters, which are considerably worse and then you have to go back through the same story, except with a different POV. It felt like a chore. If I wasn't a perfectionist, I would have given up on this game during chapter 2. Also, it breaks a huge mystery rule, but I'll refrain from saying which because it would spoil the disappointing twist they had at the end.Recap: Don't waste your money on this, there are much better options out there when it comes to mystery adventure games."
76561198229715796,Recommended,233370,32387758,Posted: 13 June,all,ponksheanand,Not the best game I have played but it has a good story and nice charachterisation. The gameplay is a bit buggy and pixel hunting in some places is irritating. All things considered the game is worth a try.
,Not Recommended,233370,23403070,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,LozzimusPrime,"I really want to enjoy this game. I really do. I love point-n-click games, Agatha Christie, Hercule Poirot, crime and mystery. Yet OMFG the controls. Yes, all you do is click, but trying to leave one area to another is frustrating. I havent even advanced properly in the very first level on the train due to the frustration that I cant leave areas without saving, quitting and returning.Because the Inspectors inventory is on the bottom of the screen, you are trying desperate not to click anything when you want to move onto the next area. So the Inspector starts to spin round really slowly instead. Paid £6 for this in a sale and Im glad I did. Its not worth the full price. The XBox version works a dream compared to this. Such a shame as it has the makings of a good detective story, which we need more of!"
,Recommended,233370,227302,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,dvorak,"This game is really impressive all around. Great VO and writing, great graphics, and a really enjoyable cast of characters. For all 3 chapters, 20 bucks is a steal if you like adventure games."
76561198111898971,Recommended,233370,18122188,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,hobbitshire,"The Raven - Legacy of a Master Thief(Chapters 1-3)Adventure games are and have always been my favourite genre.  So when I stumble across a gem like 'The Raven - Legacy of a Master Thief' I wonder why on earth I haven't heard of it before now.Please Note:I have no technical experience in making computer games.  I am purely a game player - the consumer.I am playing this game on a pretty powerful rig with a 29"" Widescreen Monitor.This is a review of the Steam Version of the game.Here's what I think:StoryThe story is written in the style of an Agatha Christie novel with the obligatory twists and turns that just draw you further and further in.  In fact, it pays homage to probably her most famous work, 'Death on the Nile' with a touch of 'Murder on the Orient Express'.  Personally, I've never been good at whodunnits whether in book form or in the movies so no surprise then that I was guessing all the way to the end.  On the other hand I think this just goes to show the strength of writing.The characters were well imagined and fleshed out.  They were likeable and made you care abut what happened to them.  The villains were over the top which reminded you that although you were in the middle of an intense confrontation it was just a game.  The tone of the game was well balanced.  Whilst being, in essence, a crime adventure there were lots of lighter moments and the characters were not without humour.GraphicsWith the opening animated sequence and intro you just know that this game was a labour of love and not just a money spinner.  I think, as with any media format, that the first 3-5 minutes either hook you or sink it.  Well, this definitely left me wanting more.The game's makers got the period spot on visually.  It was like wandering back into the 1950's.  The scenes are beautifully hand drawn and are rich in colour and detail.  The characters' costumes were well designed.  The only issue I had with the visual side were the characters' teeth.  This may have been a limitation of the software they were using as they looked far from natural.  Check out Lady Westmacott's companion.  Her teeth were scary looking!There were some issues with continuity.  For example,one puzzle involves removing a bulb to use in another room.  Five minutes later the bulb has mysteriously returned.  Also, when you enter the treasure chamber in Cairo there is a video camera above the exit.  When Adil abseils down into that same room later in the game the camera has disappeared.I also had a few instances of graphical artfacts appeaing in certain scenes.  This suggests some kind of compatibility issue with my graphics card but as I've had no issue with other games the jury is out on this one.  Either way, it didn't affect the game in any serious way or my enjoyment.ScoreThe score was orchestral and would give any hollywood blockbuster a run for it's money.  It was evocative, upping the tempo when playing an action sequence whilst dropping the tone when someone was relating some sad event.Sadly, for some inexplicable reason, there is no music playing when the credits roll.  I can only assume that this is a pretty big oversight as who would commission an orchestra to score their game and then leave it out completely when the credits roll?!Voice ActingAs I've said in other reviews, poor voice acting can turn a great game into a very average game if not worse.  It's 50% of your connection to the story, assuming that the visuals make up the other half.  Well, in this game they nailed it.  The voices were so natural that I barely had reason to even notice them in the same way as if you were watching a movie.  The voices matched the characters that were speaking, accents and all.  The warmth of Constable Zellner would be hard to beat.  I'm so pleased that the makers went for quality here.GameplayThis element let the game down significantly.  Although the interactive items within a scene were limited, the number of pixels that allows a user to activate the 'Item Label' was so small that finding some items was next to impossible and led to the much derised 'pixel hunting'.Moving from one scene to another or one room to another was just horrible.  This is a fundamental part of any game.  If a player can't progress to the next scene then it defeats the object of being a game.  In my mind, this was probably the most unforgiveable flaw.  How this got past all the beta testing beats me.  To move from one scene to the next involves some 'pixel hunting' and some patience.  The flaw wasn't consistent throughout the game as the flaw was more pronounced in some areas than it was in others.It's a shame that Chapter 3 sees you controlling 2 additional characters.  After controlling Constable Zellner, the main protagonist, for 2 chapters it takes the game in an unusual direction.  The reason for doing this, amongst other reasons, is to avoid the typical 'Last Scene' in most Agatha Christie novels (at least in all the TV adaptations I've ever watched) of one long boring speech on how the crime was committed and then exposing the villain.  As I said, it's a shame that you have to switch characters but the makers made an interesting choice here and I think it works well.An additional plus point was the balance between dialogue and puzzles, not too much of either.  Also, the puzzles were logical and of the right level of difficulty.This Steam version generously offers some bonus features on completion of the game.  However, the most appealing feature for me, the soundtrack (not the score), didn't work.  You can highlight the track you want to hear but nothing happens.  So much for bonus features.  In my opinion it's really simple.......... don't offer what you can't deliver!From about the mid way point of the game I encountered some serious bugs which caused the game to crash.  These involved the controlled character disappearing or getting stuck in a spinning cycle.From my initial contact with them, the development team do seem interested in logging these bugs and have offered some basic support.Pros*Classic Whodunnit Story*Great Depth*Interesting Characters*Logical Puzzles*Natural Voice Acting*Orchestral ScoreCons*Poor Gameplay Mechanics*Navigating Rooms*Bonus MaterialSummaryDespite having some issues with the gameplay, I really enjoyed my time playing with these characters in the rich environments of the 1950's.  The story is engrossing and like any good novel will have you playing it again to pick up on the details you missed the first time round.  It very much depends on how much the gameplay issues impact on your first play through.If you're an adventure gamer I can happily recommend this title but patience is definitely a requirement.  Patience is well rewarded with this game so go ahead and and give it a try."
,Recommended,233370,21892878,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Gwidhw,"Oh my, is this game cheesy.If you like Agatha Christie books/stories, familiar mystery tropes, and goofy, blumbering protagonists with a good heart, then you'll like this game.If you hate the fact that the game is terrible at changing camera angles/placement to put you into a different area, forcing you to fight with the Constable to get him to stop staring out the damn train window (or walk in circles), and just simply walk down the hallway into the next train car, then, well, you'll get a good laugh and be inevitably♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at the same time, yet still enjoy the overall experience.There's really only one type of person who will appreciate this game.======Do I recommend?Sure.  It's fun.But nothing to write home about."
,Not Recommended,233370,23203137,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Ara,"Was enjoying the game, played all the way up to Chapter 3 and now I'm in an ""escape the room"" situation and no matter what I do the character just walks in circles or in place infinitely when trying to walk across the room to the thing i need to use. The pathfinding is completely broken in Chapter 3, and usually it just walks into a wall for a minute before teleporting to the destination, but at this part it never gives up and teleports you. And every time it happens, you become unable to open the pause menu, so the game needs to be force-closed. This happened 10 times in a row.It's a shame, because I'd been more or less enjoying the first two chapters, and now I'll probably never finish the game."
,Recommended,233370,31097930,Posted: 12 April,all,lifeofholly,"Beautiful scenery, great story, catchy (and not annoying!) soundtrack, great voice acting (Rula Lenska FFS!) but, as a lot of reviewers have said, is glitchy to the point of crashing repeatedly. Particularly towards the end of Chapter One, I found.Fortunately, the autosave (and ""resume game"") option mean you don't lose TOO much progress, but save often to prevent disappointment.Would be worth full price if it wasn't so glitchy, but until the issues (IF they ever are) fixed, try and get it in a sale."
,Recommended,233370,15978202,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Carpenterbator,"This is a game I was following since it was teased. I loved every second of it and the story was engaging. I liked the plot twists and the characters were well-written. I was often distracted by how bad the controls were. They felt like Tanky resident evil controls with fixed camera angles only worse, can you imagine that? But these bugs are merely trivial to what it offered in terms of story that it made me forget about them from time to time. A must-play for any adventure game fan."
,Not Recommended,233370,16841490,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Sparkles n' Shotguns,"I hate to say it, but...this game is just too riddled with bugs to play. Many people have been experiencing things like graphics card related problems, but many of mine have been conversation loops and inability to progress in the story. While I saved often, it was hardly enough.What's worse is that bugs from two years ago are still running rampant in this game without any notice from the developers, which is a shame. The art is nice and the story was truly intriguing, but it was darn near impossible to follow because the bugs kept getting in the way."
,Recommended,233370,19690276,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Idanwin [SLUG],"I enjoyed this game very much, but the controls are a bit clunky at times. Sometimes the game didn't transition to the next screen when it should and I had to walk back and forth several times before it would move on. It's an absolutely wonderful story, I've found myself humming the theme song on several occasions and the artwork and voice acting are good, definitely weaker than the music and story, but not something that ever bothered me while playing.Story: 9/10Music: 9/10Voices: 8/10Artwork: 7/10Controls: 5/10"
76561198045208825,Recommended,233370,9067872,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Shatiz,"***Only recommended on sale***I'm in two minds about The Raven - Legacy of a Master Thief. The first episode and a half you follow Anton Zellner, an aging Swiss Police Officer trying to impress the Super Detective Legrand by helping him catch the Master Thief Raven. Zellner is a very pleasant character to follow (a welcome deviation from the usual 20 something point and click character), the voice acting is well-done, the music and settings very nice (some odd glitches here and there, but nothing major).The puzzles are very simplistic, but mostly make sense. Since the storyline and the characters were interesting, I did not really care that the puzzles were so easy. An easy going game with a nice story I thought.In the middle of the second episode you switch character and from there onwards the game loses steam. You play the same story, but from a different perspective. Unfortunately, this new perspective brings very little flavour to the story, and the simple puzzles suddenly seemed very tedious without any real story progression. Throw in a few “use the item two times for it to work even though the character gives no indication that would be the case” just to add to the frustration.By the end I was bored by the game... but I persevered because I did want to know how the story ended. Rarely have I been so disappointed. The ending is just… so bad… so so bad. I really don’t think they could have managed to come up with a worse one without involving dinosaurs or robot ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.So in conclusion; I really enjoyed the first one and a half episodes of The Raven and that’s why I’m still recommending it (if you can get it in a sale). But frankly, if you start getting bored after starting on the other half of the game, just quit. It doesn’t get better and the end is not worth playing the rest. Personally it makes me wary of episodic games in general. It really felt like they put most of the effort into the first part of the game and the other half was more of an afterthought where they wanted to reuse the same settings to keep costs down. It’s a real shame because they could have made some really great new IP here."
,Recommended,233370,8856314,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Mar044,"A good adventure game with it's flaws. I found that the well known nordic and Adventure comapny finally put some action into its latest games moving to a mix of Agatha Christie and Homes style gaming.The games art is good, it's done in a Tin Tin and semi cartoon/ comic style art style, yet real enough not to make you think your actually watching a cartoon; think of games like tourchlight or diablo to get the clay plastic type style of graphics, which I don't really like, but seems many do....so leans more to a novel from the 60s feel, which I guess is the idea of the presentation of the game.Gameplay is good, has a few pacing issues but moves along alright, puzzles are real enough if fairly simple, don't expect some obscure puzzles that may no sense to the world or having you figure out the direction of statues, which is good but doesn't work your brain much  are basic at best. Sound is ok, i found the the first play area, the train is a bit to loud even when turning  up the voice actors voices. Detail is realistic, what you pick up is what you see, so your not ""pocketing"" huge items that somehow go into some magic bag that is held in suspension like a star trek transporter, its nice to see the person wearing major objects that wouldn't fit in a picket, eg you expect a wallet to be in the pocket but how can a AXE fit your your pocket, thus in the game it's something you wear.Story reminds me of Agetha Christie games mixed with secret files Siberia and Lost Horizons, and actually provides stimulating situations without feeling overley static. The notebook updates as you go along and has details of the people, places, and events as they happen, with nice artwork done as if you sketched it, so talking with NPCS about other NPCS will update the details on the other person so you can check out the information, which moves the story along.Game help comes at a cost of point lost, which tells you how your score is, showing you interactions in classic mode deducts points, the same way asking for hint in objectives book does as well, at a higher cost.Downers, sadly I do have something negitive to report, the design of the game left out the ability to change scenes well, transitioning scenes via mouse click, most adventure games allow you to change locations by move along  via edge of the monitor , sadly in this game doesn't do that, it changes scenes as you walk to the edge of the screen, which leads to frustration if you play in classic mode, you can select to play with a gamepad that solves this issues as your stick controls the main figure, so you wont be stuck in area transitions, but that comes at a cost of showing you all the interactive parts of the screen, which takes the fun out of hunting for objects since everything is  highlighted. I know they did this because it was released on consoles, but they should have made the right stick the free curser instead of just a object selector, takes the fun out of it, its the same reason I play these type of games eg: Sherlock Homes with the mouse, because I dont want to be told where all the objects are, so thus you either retry to move to areas or you accept being told what to do. A few path finding bugs had me reloading because the person would get stuck walking and break the game.All and all it was still fun to play, be prepared for a few furstrating click frustrations that are bound to get one or two people stuck thinking there is no further map to progress to when the main lead wont move to the  next area, but the story is decent and the game is entertaining.Also keep saves as you only have chapter select, so found myself playing half the game to get a trophy I missed out on which is bugged so be warned."
,Recommended,233370,9241267,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Warrior,"The controls occasionally feel clunky, but where The Raven excels is in the portrayal of its characters, its game world and its mystery. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,233370,13511499,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,nadina.cardillo,"I wasn't expecting much from this game when I bought it but I can now say that it's become one of my favourite graphic adventures.It's hard to find games with plots that don't take you for an idiot these days, and in that way The Raven took a risk. The plot is in no way complicated but it is above what we usually see in videogames. The characters are all likeable and the strings it pulls are darker than I expected for a mystery story with a thief main antagonist.The weakest point of the game is the gameplay, which doesn't bring anything new to the genre and is buggy at times. It is hard to navigate comfortably through the environment, and I had to use a guide after being stuck for a while only to discover that I had encountered a bug instead of a puzzle.Sadly, the character animation and modelling isn't as good as it could've been, and detracts a lot from the enjoyment of the game. It does it's job but better art direction and animation could have easily turned this into a masterpiece, but it still remains an overall excellent game."
,Recommended,233370,9272380,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Myrhial,Like playing a detective novel. Decent enough story and puzzles that are balanced in difficulty without being too obscure.
76561198108194375,Not Recommended,233370,11866967,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,D1M1ZE,"I'd rate this as a 5/10. I would not recommend this game.I picked it up on a sale for $6.00. At that price I can live with the issues. But, for future gamers considering this title at the normal price tag of $24.99 ($29.99 for Deluxe) - I do not believe this to be a worthy spend.The game does a good job with visuals, voice acting, and a decent story line. But, there are two things which have resulted in my negative review:1)	Be prepared for some frustrating character movements - there are times where you just want your 3rd person character to go to a specific location on the screen and he goes to another one altogether - prompting screen load times. This will happen quite a bit. Patience is king here, but I guarantee you this will happen if you use an XBox 360 controller as I do.2)	On two separate occasions (once in Chapter 1 and once in Chapter 2) - the game glitches and you will have to restart a long sequence of actions, repeating steps that lead up to the freeze.On item #2 above - this is extremely tedious and nearly boring. The dialogues all over again because the game sequence got goofed up. I literally restarted the entire chapter and it was 30 minutes of repeating it all over again just because one of the ""items"" got stuck in a loop. It happened again to me a while ago in Chapter 2 in the museum. Rolling my eyes, I have to go through a few game saves to try and not repeat the entire chapter from scratch.Hate to be negative (frankly - on any game developers), because I can tell they put allot of energy into this title. It just needs to be cleaned up (code) and the normal price should be no more than $9.99 in my opinion."
76561198020870933,Recommended,233370,9167878,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Sumguy10,Really good game. Keeps you guessing from the outset.Well worth playing.
76561198020880329,Recommended,233370,8908475,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,GRiVEN,"I really enjoyed The Raven: Legacy of a Master Thief, despite some moderate issues gameplay-wise.First off, this is very much an old school point and click game. For the most part, the player is never in any real danger. That said, it felt really natural playing as Constable Zellner, a sort of wannabe detective who gets involved in a jewel heist case.The voice acting is quite good in the game, though there's not a huge cast. Across the game’s three chapters, you'll be running into a lot of the same characters and unravelling their personal stories. It was nice hearing varied accents from different characters for a transcontinental trip and while I may not be the best judge of European accents, I felt that the actor portrayals of the characters were some of the best I've heard in recent gameplay. Each actor's performance felt believable and appropriate. Zellner, the rich girl, and the Austrian violinist really stood out to me.Another positive I can say about the game’s dialogue is that despite the dialogue choices themselves being mostly scripted, I never felt left out of the loop as the player. Any follow up questions I thought up based on something in a conversation, were available to talk about further. I never really had a moment where I was screaming at Zellner for not asking an obvious question.Puzzle-wise, the game is pretty solid as well. Most of the puzzles involve standard point and click mechanics such as find this, use that, combine this, etc. What sets the puzzles in The Raven apart from other similar games was that they felt very logical and satisfying. Analyzing crime scenes and overcoming obstacles played out in a creative, but sensible way: Need to open a locked car door? Find a wire and jimmy the lock.I did hit road blocks in a few puzzles for what seemed like unfair reasons. In one instance, I probably spent close to an hour trying to progress because I hadn't click something three times, revealing that I might want to use a specific item. Another time, I got stuck because of a translation issue for one of the puzzle items. Thankfully, these issues were not a huge issue and may have been avoided if I wasn’t playing past midnight.The puzzles felt best in the game when they required a complex multi-step solution or when the puzzles used a mini-game style solution. I would really like to seen King Art focus on these kinds of puzzles in the future as they were highly memorable.On the negative end, the game's presentation can feel rushed at times, with pathfinding completely failing at certain points in the game, requiring a restart of the program. Thankfully, there is a decent autosave feature so I never lost much progress, and I only ran into the issue a handful of times.As far as plot goes, the game was a slight disappointment but still very enjoyable. The first chapter is fairly lengthy and really well done. The second chapter has some strange pacing and cuts away at a dramatic point to restart the game from the thief perspective. The third chapter is almost as good as the first, but felt a little rushed in terms of length and plot twists. The ending to chapter three was enjoyable, but felt a little thrown together, but I honestly feel that way about a lot of crime shows and books as well. Some things simply need to be explained away, rather than making sense I suppose. Overall though, the characters were really well done and it was a fun making the journey with them.Journeying with Constable Zellner was very amusing and made me feel like I was caught up in an old detective story such as Tintin and the like.The Raven may not be for everybody, but those who are able to overlook some presentation issues and a slow pace, will find a great story and enjoyable puzzles and dialogue."
76561198041623620,Recommended,233370,12620922,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,LordUg,All 3 episodes were fun to play. The characters were pretty good and their presence in the game believeable. The graphics were decent for this style of game. The only downside I would give was that it was sometimes difficult to find exactly where to click to get a chcracter to leave the scene and go to the next screen on.But all in all this was a good effort by King Art's and for those that have never played the game I would recommend it. If I was going to give this a rating out of 10. If I was comparing this to a triple A title then of course it would score low but if I compare it to other games I have played that are similar to this one then I would give this a solid 7 out of 10
,Recommended,233370,12870757,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Clocks,"Excellent adventure game.  A few areas are challenged by items that are hard to see (and therefore hard to discover) and a few times, you have the inevitable ""oh, really, I was supposed to figure THAT out?"" series of interactions, but overall a great game with a spectacular story.  Execution is good to ""above average"" with two serious bugs encountered, but otherwise a smooth experience."
76561197998255697,Recommended,233370,9912454,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,KrisJay,"Besides some minor animation and sound mishaps it's generally an enjoyable adventure title. The story kept me interested, it had an interesting mid-game twist (avoid watching trailers if you want to avoid spoilers) and for change the puzzles were logical and realistic. I feel that the second part might have been a bit rushed as the story did not pan out as long as the first part, but that did not make the story less enjoyable. Thank you for keeping this genre alive.Keep them coming!"
76561198074609366,Recommended,233370,8742865,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,edgar.volker,"Excellent adventure game. A true homage to Agatha Christie and James Hadley Chase's novels. Despite some quirks with the game, like characters getting stuck in thin air, or the game crashing unexpectedly, the story grips you and does not let go until the very end. Lots of twists and turns in a classic point and click adventure. I won't say anything about the story so as not to spoil it, but believe me, it's very entertaining. Truly recommended!"
,Recommended,233370,9327491,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,akuyume,"I am new to point and click adventure games, having missed their heyday, I had never really considered them something that would be interesting.  This game has proven my assumption wrong.  The Raven presents a very interesting story and provided many twists and turns along the way.  I admit, I do have a bit of a penchant for crime/detective stories.One critical comment I must make is that the controls can sometimes be a bit clumsy, sometimes requiring one to walk towards a ""door"" and then back away a bit or even occasionally take a second pass at it.  This might just be a side effect of my own lack of experience with this style of gameplay, however.I will be watching the developers, KING Art, for new additions to their catalog."
76561198134489086,Recommended,233370,12935707,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,itsnitsan,"It's a great game, Intelligent and complex. The plot and characters are interesting, and theres no annoying puzzles.highly recommended."
76561198065570007,Recommended,233370,13712593,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,flavian,Worth every penny.All doe the game play can sometimes be boring and you are stuck with fixed camera angles despite the 3D environment the story is very complex and manages to surprise you every time you think you know what's going on.
76561198010853039,Not Recommended,233370,31143272,Posted: 14 April,all,stvg8,"+ Interesting story, characters are cute, great soundtrack (although not always connecting between scenes), neat rewards received throughout the game- No real puzzle, not worth the money at 4 years since its launch (would pay around 50-75% of its current cost)"
,Not Recommended,233370,433145,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,razoleg,"Too far from Christie's work to be a directly based digital manifestation, yet too close to be inspired by it.Too straightforward to be a true quest, yet too far from a digital novel.It is a shame, the game had potential.The work of artists is quite magnificent and the plot is mostly just above average if compared to an FPS for example, but it's too shallow for a thriller or detective fiction. The problem is that the gameplay is so streamlined, it is nonexistent.It feels like unpausing a movie when you solve a puzzle, there is literally nothing to divert the attention of the player and to confuse him - what you do simply does not fail.The large locations are wasted because there are at most two-three points of interaction that are easily found without extensive pixel hunting.If I was to choose between recent detective adventure games would rather get myself B. Sokal's ""Sinking Island"" or perhaps ""CSI"" or even ""Evil Under the Sun"" or the great ""L.A. Noire"", but not this failed attempt at a quest.Developers forgot that the player actually has to play."
,Recommended,233370,23463359,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,aceproffitt,"It's a fairly well put together point and click game. There's a certain sense of mystery.  If you are the kind of person who wants a good story with some challenge, it's not a bad pick-up when on sale.Pros:--Well done hint & journal & inventory system--High quality voice acting--Several well-done ""twists"" in the story, especially Parts I & III--An extremel large amount of material to read & exploreCons:--Part of the problem is some puzzles based on finding very small areas to click, a lot of replay--Part II a little duller than other two sections--One puzzle minigame, picking a lock late in Part I, is not well made; you may need to find a walkthough to see the mechanics of what you are supposed to do.--Final epilogue twist did not really do anything for me, seemed sort of thrown in"
,Recommended,233370,28045553,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,dpvhWYnpIwNT8BPQAOc9,"Spent 3 hours playing this nice looking game, and I'm quite sure theres a really great game to be had here.Well, that is if I can ever figure out how to get past the train scene, I've spent 100% of my game time there and I still havent gotten past it, and I'm not going to look online for a solution because that defeats the point of a puzzle game. I am determined to someday get past this area and find the rest of the game.One day."
,Recommended,233370,19589993,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,S0r4y4,"As a huge fan of Agatha Christie and of classic point'n clicks I just had to get this game and I loved it!There are some minor animation issues but those are forgettable and don't taint the pleasure.The Raven provides a clever and compelling story full of allusions to Dame Agatha Christie and some of her most noted works. In three chapters set in very well chosen locations the game entertains not only with a thrilling plot but also with several interesting and coherent characters, fine graphics and excellent voice acting and soundtrack.I'd recommand The Raven to all fans of classic point'n click and vintage murder mysteries."
76561197970649512,Recommended,233370,8353313,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Clockwork,"Thrilling story, great story telling , exceptional music. Fun to play even for an adventure game inept like me.The hint mechanism is useless in my personal opinion, rather just listen to the old guy talk and you get all you need to advance. As for the gamepaly itself is seemless overall sometimes a bit clunky but all in all for the few hours I played it sucked me in."
,Recommended,233370,8465855,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Riba,"Detective point'n'click adventure. Puzzles are mostly concentrated on talking to people and finding stuff. Unfortunately game has an inbuilt scoring mechanism that penalizes use of hot-spot indicator. Without it, the game has too much pixel-finding tasks.  Game is divided into three chapters.  The first chapter is three times larger than the last two. The last two don't continue the story as per se, but rather retell parts of it.  I much rather would've had three separate stories. Also, the game is rather buggy about the character moving about the screen and scene transitions. All in all, a nice detective adventure game."
76561198035391618,Recommended,233370,9012765,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,QUiCkSiLVER,Love this game! Agatha Christie references and good twists. Controls could be improved but well worth the price.
,Recommended,233370,9061199,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,jsdratm,"A solid adventure game, but it has some bugs that make gameplay a bit frustrating.  For example, moving between rooms can be very difficult on the train and the cruise ship.  If you click the edge of the scene, your character will walk to the edge and not change scenes.  I don't know how this passed testing.  Encountered some other minor bugs, but the walking thing is very annoying.  Other than that it is an interesting game and fun to play."
76561197971877319,Recommended,233370,8821206,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,BahuMan,"With a lot of nods and winks to Agatha Christie and Poirot, this game is an interactive story, wonderfully told.However, the die-hard Monkey Island fanatics will find this game a bit too easy for their liking."
,Recommended,233370,9028923,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Foxy Box,"I was surprised that this gem managed to slip underneath my radar. It's a wonderful mystery point and click adventure game with a well written story and well thought out characters. I can't comment too much on the game's highlights without spoiling bit of the plot, but I am able to say that this game does mystery right, with good pacing, creative scenario writing, and a gripping story.10/10"
,Recommended,233370,9234349,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,DarkStarSword,"What a masterpiece! This is an extraordinarily well written old school point & click adventure game that plays just like a good crime novel would read. It has you guessing and second guessing up until the end as to the true identity of the Raven (and no, I didn't guess correctly). All the characters are extremely well written with some superb voice acting with a multitude of different European, American and English accents. Everyone has their own backstory and reason for being there - even the ones that don't seem significant at first.Over the three episodes you play through the events in the story twice from different perspectives. Things that seem unimportant or glossed over the first time round become clear when played again from a different perspective later. This isn't the first time KING Art has done something like this - The Book of Unwritten Tales had something similar towards the end of the game - saying any more would spoil it, but it was absolutely brilliant then, and it is absolutely brilliant now as well.The only criticisms I have for this game are that there are a number of glitches in the game engine (which is also true of KING Art's previous games) - some are fairly minor graphical, audio and pathing glitches, and you can tell that the game has actually been programmed to work around many of them - if a character gets stuck for a few seconds they will teleport to where they are supposed to be. I did find that I often had some difficulty getting my character to move to the next screen, though that usually worked after a few attempts, however, on one occasion my character started turning around in a circle endlessly forcing me to quit the game - thankfully it had autosaved about ten seconds beforehand.Don't let these glitches put you off though - the game is so well written that these issues can easily be forgiven. KING Art is one company absolutely worth keeping an eye on."
,Recommended,233370,9874010,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,narkius,"Good, but not exceptional graphics. Very atmospheric and enjoyable music. Riddles could be harder, and by harder i don't mean actions becoming suddenly available after some other (seemingly) random event has happened. Sometimes characters talk too much and state the obvious. Enthralling story and switching perspectives by playing other characters was also a nice move. Lacks the humour of Monkey Island. <:)  I enjoyed playing the game, good ole point & click."
76561198098134966,Recommended,233370,8101352,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Skieth,i love this game <3
,Recommended,233370,33232994,Posted: 4 July,all,siNN,"if it wouldnt have been for the online walkthrough i might have ragequitted earlier, but in the end, a fun little game for those who love cringy dialogues, slow walking simulators and awkward plottwists that make you feel like its better to not ask any questions about anything and just take life as it israted 10 / 10 for dank memes and spooky camera-angles"
,Recommended,233370,20955335,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Cy,"Pros:engagind storynice graphicssome good musicdecent voice actingaction elements that give an illusion of a fast-paced movieCons:lineargot me stuck once or twice with somewhat crazy solutionrepetitive musicThe game is rather logical but can get you stuck now and then with a puzzle that doesn't fit the rest. It's a nice, Agatha Christie style detective story of a thief and his capturer where player plays both sides gaining both perspectives. I enjoyed it a lot. There were, however, some aspects typical for the most of the point&click genre that can throw off a casual player. I'd give it 8/10 points if it wasn't so damn long - the story was stretched in a very artificial manner to fit into several episodes. Could easily be squished in one.Overall: 6/10."
,Recommended,233370,14850772,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Doctor Hades,"A very solid if somewhat unoriginal point 'n' click adventure that borrows heavily from Agatha Christie's Poirot and has some very nice, detailed backgrounds and character models (though animation is understandably stiff), a nice score and some interesting puzzles. Movement can be a bit sluggish and I really would not recommend playing it with a controller even though it has that option as examining the environment and selecting specific items, which is essential to the game, is extremely cumbersome with one in my view. It works perfectly fine with a mouse as you'd expect for a game of this type.This is a really charming, old-school adventure that seems to offers a decent amount of gameplay. It may lack humour but the writing is good in my humble opinion and the voice acting is generally spot on."
76561198093026385,Not Recommended,233370,8057786,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,HumorousMedusa,"The game has fairly good graphics, and seems to have an okay plot line so far but it proceeds incredibly slowly. I find most mystery games where you have to wait for the person to walk to what you want to look at pretty annoying. If you want a game the follows the Nancy Drew style of mystery games I would not recomend this game. If you like third person view on mystery games, where the person walks slow, most everything is planned in a certain way, and enjoy the Agatha Christe style game then this is for you."
,Recommended,233370,10362300,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Super Vegito,"One of the most unique games ive played, none of it are quit like it. The main character is obviously an inspiration of Hercule Poirot, he also uses the same observation and deduction skills as sherlock Holmes. I havent finished it yet but the story is very intriguing, another thing in this game is that you literally remember every character, even the ones you only see for 10mins because of how unique they areI would recommand this for anyone looking for a fresh experience and dark detective thriller"
76561198076916084,Recommended,233370,10247829,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Jathre,"First of all I want to say that I hate games, chapters in which are released separetely. Let me explain why. The first chapter in such games usually is good. All who want to play this game buy it at this point. And developers gain major portion of profit at this point as well. As a result the second chapter of such games is released on a relaxed note and not as good as the first one. Here flow of money generally almost stops which leads to devil-may-care attitude of developers to the remained chapters. And this is what we see in this game exactly. Really good and long enough 1st chapter, mediocre 2nd chapter and terrible, full of bugs and illogical puzzles 3rd chapter. This game is still worth of playing, but not for the full price."
76561198115201127,Recommended,233370,9966935,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Drunk Rick,It won't let me start the game! Everytime I open it the screen goes white and won't respond.....
76561198038625342,Not Recommended,233370,17181813,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Dash,"Sigh, another bad adventure game.  This one started out so well, it reminded me of a new Laura Bow game, but in the end it was just terrible.  Look I'm going to spoil a lot of it, because it's a mystery and the terribleness of the plot is the reason I can't recommend this game.  The characters are all delightful, the puzzles are pretty poorly implemented (you can't pick up the items you need until you click multiple times on a puzzle so the character themselves can figure out what needs to be done.  This causes tons of backtracking to pick up items and massive amounts of frustration), the backgrounds are nice, but the CGI cutscenes are an abomination.  The game also has a lot of bugs, if the story had come together though none of that other stuff would really have bothered me that much and I would have recommend the game.  So here goes:Spoilersssssssssssssssssssssssssss:So the game has 3 main mysteries: (1) Who is the Raven (2) Who stole the Eye of the Sphinx (3) who murdered the Baroness.  I solved (1) in the first 20min of the game.  It was extremely obvious your char was an unreliable narrator and was really the master thief known as the Raven.  The game plays its hand way too early, by having the incompetent police officer be an expert in lock picking, thievery, and knowledge of the Raven despite him also saying he is a very old and foolish police officer.  The final obvious hint was a random comment about how he is a superb actor and is such a method actor that when he goes to play a role he goes fully into committing to living like that character.  It made it so clear with that comment that he was simply playing the role of Zellner, and if he wasn't really Zellner then he must be the Raven.  If this hadn't been the main mystery of the game this would not have been a big deal.  I solved it in 20min, but figured I was basically meant to and the real mystery was who was pretending to be the Raven and who the murderer was...these two other mysteryies though are non mysteries and hence figuring at Zellner was the Raven was the actual mystery.  Very very very poorly done.(2) So the 2nd mystery of the game is who is pretending to be the Raven and stealing the Eyes of the Sphinx.   This plot is just an incompetent mess.  First, the game has 0 clues to solve who this is.  Ironic, considering Zellner makes a comment at the start of the game that unlike Agatha Christie novels it wouldn't just be some random person.  The thief consists of 3 people: a character named Adil who shows up in Act 2 (although you do see him for 1 sec as the conductor in Act 1), a woman named Patrica who turns out to be Zellner's daughter in Act 2, and the butler Inch who is also in Act 1.  Not too much can be said about the stupidity of this plot, it's nonsensical.  No evidence exists to show it's Inch, because Adil (a char you never see) is secretly working behind the scenes to steal the jewels.  Evidence exists that mainly points to Legrand...which was a red herring...the thing is though red herrings only work when you actually have other evidence to point to the real culprit and here there is none.  The end reveal that it was Inch, and these 2 other all of whom you never really interact with is just laughable.(3) I solved who murdered the baroness in about 10min.  Not because I'm some sort of master detective, but simply because the game has sooooooooo little evidence and the only possible suspect was the German Dr. who was predictably a NAZI.  It's like a baby wrote the plot to this game that never read any mystery novels or had even herad of the genre before.  Seriously, of course it was the NAZI doctor who was a war criminal that murdered the baroness.  sigh, it's hard to even complain anymore about this plot, everything about the games plot was atrocious.  No evidence existed to solve any of the 2 main mysteries, it was just random reveals, with little thought given to constructing how the crimes were committed and the player trying to solve this.Even more egregiously the pacing is terrible, the game is both way too short and way too long.  I was enjoying the first 6 hours when I thought the game was attempting to constuct a msytery, but then it literally ends.  Inch is revealed as the thief and you have to spend the next 4 hours replaying the game as Adil as he shows you what he was doing behind the scenes for the whole game.  This is both unncessary and stupid.  I now already know your mystery's solution was bs, forcing me to replay it to just reinforce how much bs it actually was is infuriating.  Pretending your mystery was solveable, by saying ""no look this guy you never saw was always there just behind the scenes"" is not a valid solution...it's literally the solution that at the start of the game you said yourself was a stupid solution.  It almost feels like someone wrote the first few hours of this game and then some idiot wrote the rest, sigh such wasted potential.I will give props for literally having Agatha Christie as a character in the game.  I loved this so much, it's a shame such genius writing apparently disappeared after Act 1.  Sigh, just stay away from this and go play ""The Dagger of Amon Ra"""
76561197968574507,Recommended,233370,8494934,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Mr. Clark,"A fun and interesting point and click adventure.  The first episode is the strongest and very intriguing.  Some really nice voice acting for the most part.  The music and scenery are very nice and will get stuck in your head.  There's lots of intricacies with the story, but that's all I'll say about it.  If you like detective mysteries and the like, you'll probably love the story in this.  There are some annoying issues, like not being able to cancel a movement or action once you start it (like walking across a room due to a mis-click, for example).  There are also a few bugs that cropped up, though I think only in the 3rd episode.  My advice would be to save often so that you won't lose much progress if you come across one.  Overall an enjoyable game with lots of charm."
76561198071390745,Recommended,233370,9277886,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Kat,"Excellent adventure game, recommended for anybody who enjoys a good mystery novel. The story is rich, the characters are well build and the length of the game insures a satisfying experience.As week point, I would say the movement of the characters is very slow and the puzzles are a bit on the easy side."
,Recommended,233370,9367148,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,[SnBk] Spylander,"Very enjoyable as both an enjoyer of point and clicks as well as of Agatha Christie, and similar crime novels. Very enjoyable story if you avoid spoilers in the achievement list."
,Recommended,233370,8432742,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Mr. BRP,"A very fun game for a good amount of hours. It has all the things you want if you like this kind of games. It's tricky, puzzles, you have to make descisions and so on."
,Recommended,233370,8847918,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,shamata,I didn't play for the challenge.  Basically you combine items to complete tasks.  I found the story very good until the ending.  A plausible ending but abrupt in delivery.  It may not be a mystery for advanced players but it definitely was fun for me getting there.
76561197961632135,Recommended,233370,8958574,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,KiwiGal,"Not a long game, but what there is keeps one entertained.  Great cutscenes and graphics.  Story is well done and is taken from various characters viewpoint, so the player is not one character all the time...really novel.  Puzzles are not too hard..not too easy some either :), but there is always an answer in the game somewhere.  Definately have to look around areas and one dies need to use the ole grey matter a bit.  Which is good as it is not fun being spoon fed.  Highly recommend the game.  It is point and click, but not in a boring way. :)"
,Recommended,233370,9045727,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Adam Armour,"Well-presented, witty and of considerable length, The Raven: Legacy of a Master Thief is definitely worth playing for fans of the Sierra/Lucasarts style adventure game.There's not a whole lot to explain here: Like just about every point-and-click adventure, gameplay involves a lot of pointing and clicking, waiting as something happens, and then pointing and clicking some more. There are some light puzzles, none of which I found very complicated (old hands at these types of games will have no trouble breezing through it), and a bit of mid-game twisty-turny stuff that I wasn't expecting, but otherwise there aren't a great deal of surprises here. Still, the story is what counts in an adventure game, and this one -- mostly a tribute to the works of Agatha Christie -- is pretty decent. I'm fairly gullible, so the few twists that popped up genuinely surprised me, which was nice, as was the ending. I'll never write The Raven down on a list of the greatest adventure games or anything, but it was worth my time."
,Recommended,233370,8051915,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Mack Hulkin,"So many twists, turns, red herrings that aren't really red herrings but are... the plotline is truly captivating. The game started out a little slow, but the characters are well developed throughout the story, unravelling mysteries beyond ""Who is the Raven?"" and ""Wait, what? So who is the Raven really?"" and ""SERIOUSLY, WHAT? WHO?!""The great storyline, the well acted characters with loads of personality, and the cinematic score make it a memorable--and--very replayable experience. This ain't no ""hit it and quit it (at least for 2 years until you forget the plot)."" As you progress through the chapters, you step in the shoes of the other characters--which really enriches the game. Going back and playing it a second time you'll pick up on a lot that you'd missed before, and that's actually part of the excellence of it. Something I also found nice was that you aren't required to complete everything possible before you move on; you can skip some things but still continue the story. Naturally, the completeness of the story will diminish, but that's why you play it again!The only downsides are that the graphics are somewhat dated, even on the highest quality, and the cut scenes are lower quality than the in-game graphics. Which doesn't make any sense. The controls can be a little frustrating at times; I found it difficult to move about from room to room in the train especially, but you figure it out eventually. Fortunately there aren't any glitches that make it entirely impossible to move, forcing you to restart from your last save. That's a plus. Other than that, I only wish there were a couple more puzzles throughout the game. The first chapter is really heavy on the story-telling, which you can still opt to skip through if you're not much of a story person.. but why are you playing an adventure game if you don't like a good story, anyway? Crazy.To suffice, it's a great adventure game with a well thought out plot that'll keep you interested, and everytime you think you know who the Raven REALLY is... well... you're wrong."
76561197970498806,Recommended,233370,8100479,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Keelvar,"Intriguing up to the very last minutes. Very few bugs, I maybe encountered only one real bug. However a slight lack of intuitiveness in moving between scenes might be interpreted as bug sometimes (we need to be placed at the exact right place for the image to shift).The story however is great and no, it is not a poor story where the criminal appears at the very end only. The images are of amazing quality even at low performance and the characters all are very original and do have real personnality.Recommended."
76561197978482560,Recommended,233370,8666299,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,[IED]Marurus,Very nice german adventure game. Plays better in german than in english. Maybe you want to keep that in mind ;)
76561198119517598,Recommended,233370,8815802,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Mafia666xxx,"With a well-paced and well-told story, fantastic soundtrack, engaging characters and solid gameplay mechanics -- ""The Raven"" is a must have for point and click adventure fans."
76561198039360245,Recommended,233370,8923760,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Washimus,A must play if you like adventure games! Great story! Help solve the mystery of The Raven!
76561198094986611,Recommended,233370,8405985,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,KelvinDeath,Loved this game and I am looking for more just like it
,Recommended,233370,8547839,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,にお,"Very interesting and enganging, forces you to sleuth and pay attention to the tiniest of details! Really enjoyed each chapter and  the depth of each character and their own plans for what happens. My only complaints is that Adil scenes were laggy at times and I would need to reload. Another than that, fantastic! Excited to check out more KINGart games :)"
,Recommended,233370,9058407,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,moss_icon,"An enjoyable, and fairly simple point and click adventure. A touch ponderous at times and the best of the game is in the first half or so (parts of chapter 3 seemed minorly buggy in places, nothing game breaking though), but this is a finely crafted story with high quality voice acting that really stands out. A fine Sunday afternoon mystery, although you'll need more than one to complete it unless you're a total genius."
76561197973382202,Recommended,233370,8183283,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Leonious,classic old-school style point-and-click adventure with good story.
,Recommended,233370,8824229,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Thiccita Khruschev,"Very nice point and click, (I do enjoy this kind of thing) and has some nice graphics. the voice acting is a bit dull, though."
76561198044768454,Recommended,233370,8831449,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,LC,"As soon as you get yourself in the spirit of playing a point 'n click adventure, this game plays deliciously. The main character is a delight to control (although he really moves like a fifty year old). But the atention to detail is what made me stick with it. Every little action is granted different view shots, witch makes it feel like a real adventure. Great for rainy afternoons and nights."
,Recommended,233370,8894624,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,El Botijo,"The short answer is that I liked the game. The long answer follows.It is a point a click adventure that is divided on three chapters. You get to play different characters along the whole game, although I liked the first one the best: Constable Zellner. He reminds me of Detective Culombo. He keeps talking to all suspects, and at the end he gets to know who the guilty is. Although there is no bad decission on the game to make, the player is asked to give out the answers to various crimes. That keeps the game afresh in that you know you might give the wrong answer, even if that does not change the overall story a bit.The game is slow paced, as with many other point and click games. Even in situations where the player character should be stressed, you can take all the time you want. There is the odd puzzle here and there, and some of the interface might have been done better. At some stage there is a door with washed out glyphs and no clear indication where the right position should be. There is no logical puzzle, like a sliding puzzle. Some people have complained about a single room where it was not obvious how to get outside.There was one conversation puzzle I did not like, and that is because how far fetched it was. You are given four hints to four artists that should be related to four animals. If somebody asks you about A. Dürer, you probably would then link him to hares. However, the logical explanation given by the game is that Dürer draw some self-portraits, and that one of the most important ones is hanged in Madrid. Madrid then has in the city coat of arms a bear, so it is a bear then. A similar treatment is given to Picasso and Michelangelo. Thankfully, this puzzle is relatively short.Chapter 3 has showed me some strange artifacts related to the technical side of the game. Pathfinding was not working all the times but the game recovered by moving the character to his or her final destination. Audio effects were also applied wrong and there was this scene where a character was not on the place she should be (player character walks over she!). However, I did not find any serious bug.There are some things that could have been done better. Let me start with the hint system. You are given thousand adventure points at given plot points. You can then spend hundred points for a hint, many times for things you already did. You can also spend ten points in order to locate all objects you can interact in the room. The problem is that they are made only obvious by a magnifying glass. This hint would not be a problem if the magnifying glass would be more visible and did not disappear so fast. Other games have a more noticeable icon, or at least a bright color that is easy to spot.The other thing that would need to have been reviewed is the game save system. Both autosave and your manual saves can send you to one or two actions on the past. It is usually not a problem, but it is not expected. I had no corrupted game save or anything like that.So, in a nutshell, I liked the story far way more than the interface or some of the puzzles."
76561198004558873,Recommended,233370,8966691,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Crowseph,"The Raven is an entertaining yarn.  Your character is a constable in his dotage, a refreshing change from standard video game protagonists.  It begins as a sweet story about a man who wants adventure in his life, and becomes - well, many other things.  The gameplay is your usual adventure game find the thing, combine the things, but is notably less frustrating than most adventure games."
,Recommended,233370,8977369,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Grandpa Bob [MAC],"If I had to describe this game in one word it would be, ""Pleasant.""The Atmosphere, the music, the animations, the voice acting and graphics.  It has a very pleasant feeling to it.  Very gentlemanly; very proper.  And I like it.  Not very often do I find an adventure game like this.  I'll update this after I finish playing it, but so far, I heartily recommend it."
,Recommended,233370,9159712,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Hannover9,"This is a nice game with a good story. Cons: The animation and game mechanics generally are not up-to-date, you need patience for the cut scenes and some puzzles are far-fetched - but I recommend the game as the story-telling is really good. See for yourself!"
,Recommended,233370,17037862,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Koe Halifax,"I've played a lot of point and click games, and personally I liked this one better than the one the same company made ""The Book of Unwritten Tales,"" although that wasn't bad either.  Both tend to have time jumps that make the game more interesting.None of the puzzles were too hard, which is both good and bad.The ending did satisfy me, though I will say that it was a bit like one of the characters put it - there weren't many clues to this ending.Overall I really enjoyed it - I liked all the characters and I had a excited squeal at the end.Was this the best point and click game? No, but if you like murder mysteries, this is really entertaining.  I would, however, suggest waiting til it's 75% off and get it for 6 bucks like I did.There were a few bugs - I have a mac.  My main bugs were at times the visuals would stop working (but the game autosaves every once in a while so  just quit.  It won't make you redo too much), and sometimes it was frustrating going from place to place (what I would do it walk really close to the place I wanted the character to go and then I would walk away and that usually triggered them walking where I wanted them to).But those were minor glitches, and the game was interesting and inviting, so I'd say overall go for it! :)"
,Recommended,233370,18621225,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,DocCovington,"I have just started and am already in love with this game! Will write more once I have finished it, but for now: wonderful, fluent graphics, the most atmospheric cinematic soundtrack, and easy-to-handle controls. You are immediately drawn into the story.Edit #1: So I played a good portion of the game so far.This adventure game features a most compelling player character! I am so sick and tired of those deep-voiced, good looking 35-years old, male hero types that you get to play in almost every game. This guy feels real and cool and full of humor! I never laughed this much in a point-and-click adventure since Monkey Island. ;)The dialogues feel real, too, and never get boring that would make you wish to skip them.This game thrives of life and realistic characters, and the facial animations add to all that. Wonderful.I did mention the fantastic job the soundtrack composer did, right?Edit #2: Okay, the more you play the game the more you become aware of some graphical glitches and -- at least in my case -- an annoying sound issue (a crackling noise) throughout the whole game. I also checked the forums, and apparently some bugs have been not fixed to date."
,Recommended,233370,8836391,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,HereticLocke,"Very entertaining, great story. The Polar Express meets Sherlock Holmes, some what. Provides a cinematic experience and the player becomes an actor, playing the role of Constable Anton Jakob Zellner. This is among one of the best point-and-click adventures I have every played. I do not loose interest and it keeps me engaged. Very worth it."
76561198051886131,Recommended,233370,8849463,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Isurus68,"I gave this game a shot when I saw it was on sale. As a person who likes the idea of adventure games, mainly the emphasis on storytelling, I'll be honest and say I am by no means a pro of the genre. Often I find point-and-clicks exhausting and puzzles too farfetched to get any kind of enjoyment out of finding the solution. You won't really have those sorts of problems with this game. The puzzles are not at all challenging, often times with characters flat out telling you what to do with what just by inspecting an item, and many of the solutions can be arrived at by exhausting all your dialogue options. For me, the lack of difficulty was somewhat disappointing, but I appreciate that I was able to keep the plot moving without getting stuck every couple of puzzles or so.The story itself is entertaining for a majority of the game, a burglary mystery with some murder thrown in, and I enjoyed the fact that you were able to see the sequence of events from multiple character perspectives. The playable characters were likable enough and you are also joined by a cast of quirky side characters who, for the most part, stay with you throughout the playthrough. Sadly, several are rather underutilized. Probably left in just to keep you guessing 'whodunit?' however unlikely their culpability seems. Worst of all, the ending was utterly disappointing for me, so the conclusion may leave you with a sour taste in your mouth.I really enjoyed most of the game as it has a lot going for it: a charming art style, good music, superb voice acting, and interesting characters but all that gets dragged down by a plot that falls a bit flat in the end. The gameplay itself can be a bit buggy with awkward character animations, but I only had to reload one time, so I hardly noticed. I wouldn't steer anyone away from this game, just don't expect anything too remarkable. Perhaps wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,233370,31620452,Posted: 8 May,all,♫Veritas♫,"This game is really great! Awesome story, with a neat twist.  The music is amazing :)"
,Recommended,233370,15537506,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Iron-Ox,"The Raven is a fun and interesting game full of mystery and plot twists at every corner.Its the second game I have that has achieved 100% of the achievements,the time I spent was full of joy and anticipation.But beware that atleast 1 hour of my playtime was trying to get the camera to change angles XD"
76561197971874482,Recommended,233370,18513653,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Toren_S [Also Friendly],"One of the best stories in an adventure game I've seen in a long time.  Does an excellent job of dropping just enough hints to let you figure things out as you go along.It's more of logic puzzles than Myst-style, if you play this you're mostly going along for a well written crime mystery.Most of what you do is sensible enough, but a few times I was foiled by not realizing I just needed to talk to everyone and run around a lot for a plot trigger to happen.Despite a few bugs, by this point in the game's lifecycle nothing was gamebreaking and I really enjoyed the experience start to finish.  I'd give it an 8/10 for technical issues, but I'd heartily recommend to any fan of the genre."
76561198285165906,Recommended,233370,28082293,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,A Good Giggle,"Overall, this game is your run of the mill point and click adventure game. However, it had this odd charm to it with its settings and characters. Like every adventure game, the pacing can be horrible if you aren't keen on critical thiking skills. I did run into a few bugs and just simple annoyances with the UI. This game definetley needed a few more months of polish. There are twists and turns as well as a few plot holes, which can bring it down a bit. If this game gets a sequel, I'd be happy to give it a try; only if the developers step it up and improve on their foundations (and more development time)."
,Recommended,233370,22556110,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,gigarath24,"It's a great who dunnit. If you enjoy Agatha Christie movies/novels, and Murder She Wrote TV series you will love this game. I don't see much replay value in it, but that's how most detective games are since once you know you don't really get excited as when you already played it. It's well worth the money, and I enjoyed it."
76561197970615776,Recommended,233370,24548990,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,PT-Eclipse,"Fun, engaging, well told story. Very Poirot in style, good graphic and voice acting."
,Recommended,233370,26341649,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Asiris,"Not a bad game. Not great though. Despite it having quite interesting story the gameplay is torturous sometimes.You character quite often have issues with path finding. There are some very misleading puzzles. Character animations are bad, not awful, but honestly, bad.Thanks to good story and good voice acting this game kept my attention to the end. I would recommend the game for the story but beware of issues above.Good thief hunting!"
,Recommended,233370,29402584,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"Although the graphics are dated, The Raven is a surprisingly charming mystery adventure game with a few well-crafted plot twists. Definitely worth your time, although the full price might be a touch high for those only looking for the best deals."
,Recommended,233370,16275408,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Lindale FF,"I normally don't like point and click games, but this one really was just exciting.The puzzles were easy (for me anyway), but were still quite entertaining. The existence of the minigames made logical sense, such as playing Shuffleboard on the boat.And the plot twists on top of other plot twists made for a story where I actually had to think....But oh was I wrong….Who turned out to be The Raven, the real one, I was not expecting that.This is a long game, but is so worth the time. The gameplay is great. The story is amazing. This is a game I actually WANTED to play when I got home at the end of each day. It easily gets a 10/10 from me. Well done!"
,Recommended,233370,9039609,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,piszczel1,"An excellent adventure game, would defintely recommend. The story is interesting and the puzzles are logical. One of the best games in the genre."
76561197961520246,Not Recommended,233370,9959103,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Ted from Best Buy,"This is a point and click adventure that feels like it is written around a great novel. But the game falls short with interface, bad graphics, choppy cut scenes, camera bugs that will force you to restart, and a very boring 10-15 hours to play through the whole thing. I spent half my time staring on my clock on he wall wondering how much longer it would take me to get to a good stopping point so I could take a break. I toughed it out and finished all 3 chapters. The story on the whole was excellent. But getting from beginning to end would have been far more entertaining if they just had a book of this I could read.In summary, red the plot on wiki or something if they have it. It is disappointing because most games now days have a terrible story and all blah action. The Raven has a great story, but really drops the ball with the gameplay. Save your money."
76561198074196220,Not Recommended,233370,10009317,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Grincer,"Although I enjoyed the game and the story, I wouldn't buy something like this again. Let's start with the good: voice acting, music and atmosphere is well done. Then comes the bad, I don't feel in control as a player. It feels like I'm just going through the motions, and through a motion picture rather than a game. I don't feel like I am making meaningfull choices as a player in the dialogues. Probably because there are no puzzles in the dialogues. Finally, I really disliked the ""third person"" phrasing, e.g. when playing a character the choice would be ""Where is he going?"", instead of ""Where are you going?"", totally screws up the role-playing effect of the game."
76561198007331550,Not Recommended,233370,9990603,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Vielo,"I've bought this title as a real mystery stories enthusiast. I was looking for a good storytelling and a brilliant plot. Unfortunately none of those could be found in the game, and the reasons are multifold.To have a good gaming experience the game mechanics should not stay on our way. Unfortunately - it does. The 3D environment isn't really necessary, for there is no practical use of it in the game, and on my i7 4GB MacMini the game lags awfully even on low details textures. I'm a patient guy and I didn't mind the reaction time so much, but I don't see the point in creating a 3D world for which the only use is to constantly walk from one side of visible map to the other just to change the camera position, so we could access another location. 2D would've been even prettier and for sure a lot faster. Maybe the characters would not dissapear so much and their routing would've been better due to easier calculation process.The graphics is not jaw dropping, but it's nice. The world is colorfull, characters nicely ballanced between reality and cartoon proportions. If the game has been better optimalised, we could even enjoy looking at some of the scenes. As it is though, most of the time will be spent with detail level turned down to get some decent realction times from the game engine.Many players experience lighting problems, random characters dissapearience and some other more or less eyes-hurting graphics glitches. I must agree - the game engine silmply does not handle the 3D environment and lightning. It should not disscourage the players though.Music is nice to listen to, but nothing particularly brilliant. Orchestral score is solid and consistent and recorded properely - the sond quality is very good. Dialogues are decent and some lags in them are triggered by the game engine problems and not by the dialogues quality problems. There is enough feeling put into the lines and each character has its own way with the words. Nothing bad in here.What is bad is the storytelling. If you're looking for this king of game, you probably are a fan of Sherlock or other Agatha Christie, which means you'd like to be able to find the killer/burglar/thief by yourself. To deduct it! Unfortunately you won't be able to do it here. Why? Because the game is constanty feeding you false information. Namely - it lies to you.The plot itself is very simple and every mystery stories enthusiast should have it all figured out by the 2nd of 3 acts offered by the game. Your thought process will be constantly attacked by false data that doesn't make any sense.The first act is the only one written corectly, but that's because it doesn't tell much of a story and is a mere prelude to what happens next. No spoilers here, bet trust me - the further down the road, the worse it gets. Characters contradict each other  in simple matters concerning the game world. One would say it's a wonderful, sunny day, but when you go outside it's raining.There is SO many loose ends not making much of a sense. At the end of act 3 you wonder how could they have let the game so ridden with storytelling errors out. It doesn't stick! I can't go into much detail without any spoilers. Trust me or find a topic an the forums when we discuss those errors. There's sooo many of them.Summing up - game is ridden with 3D engine issues and a lot of storytelling errors. You still might enjoy it thanks to the music, nice looks from time to time and some good dialogues. It won't satisfy your Holmes/Christie hunger though and you should be aware of that. Don't be lured by the game discription. It's not worth your time if you look for a mystery to solve with your mighty deduction powers.If you look for an easy going title, go for it. But only in the 75% off. $20-something price is a robbery."
,Recommended,233370,33403031,Posted: 9 July,all,Hem,"I recommend this game, with a condition: know what you get into.If you are looking for a real point and click adventure like you use to enjoy in the 90's, with crunchy dialogues, deep world, crazy links between available objects, many characters, long hours of search, and all these great features of point and click era, then look elsewhere!This game is a casual interactive mystery, very casual, and too interactive-novel-ish to be called a point and click. Graphics are 3D and quite mediocre, the world, levels, musics and dialogues are really casual and forgettable, the only interesting thing is the plot and the 3 acts staging of it. The game is even not flawless bug wise, as characters and dialogues may sometimes glitch...Put on all of this the corny and unfashionable taste of the German style (sorry guys! but you are the proud makers of ""games"" like Construction Simulator or Roadside Assistance Simulator...) and you get a very mediocre point and click game, and yet if you play it casually especially with a non gamer partner it can be enjoyable for its Agatha Christie-ish plot...I do recommend!... on sale ;)"
,Recommended,233370,11769193,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,classicaljazzman,"This was an excellent adventure game, though I can't say I'm surprised considering that this is the studio that brought the world The Book of Unwritten Tales, which I consider to be one of the best adventure games of the last 10 years at least. The puzzles are well thought out and make sense, while the story is very engaging, with believable characters and a plot that is told (and played out) from two totally different perspectives, which makes it highly entertaining.Any adventure fan must play The Raven!"
76561198074267411,Recommended,233370,11254146,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,kinderjane,"Great for all ages, and a very positive atmosphere throughout the game. Some parts dragged on a little bit and the dialogue was interesting to listen to 80% of the time. The game reminded me of a family-friendly movie sort of similar to The Mummy. There was less action than I thought there would be, but as far as point-and-clicks go this was an enjoyable experience that even threw in some random educational facts here and there.7/10"
76561198124831002,Recommended,233370,11375136,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,bbees.little.foot,"I really loved it! This became one of my favorite game.The story itself isn't that heavy and could enjoy it without feeling depressed, (but put smile on my face.)Some of the puzzles are little complicated but I had a fun trying out several methods.I do so wish they will make this ""The Raven""a series!"
,Recommended,233370,11974603,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,bardosy[HUN],"Finally a point'n'click with a not-dissapointing end. I enjoyed this game very well and the ending was also good enough, what is very unique in p'n'p adventures.My only problem was, it's impossible to play on 4:3 monitor. The settings accept my resolution and didn't transform the picture, but cut the both side. So I cannot find every hotspot. But later I set the resolution to 16:9 and then everything went fine."
76561198164751871,Recommended,233370,16558529,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,pharmacist10,"The Raven was dead - or at least to begin with.The career of the world famous ""Gentleman Master Thief"" came to an abrupt and unexpected end thanks to the intervention of a young, up and coming police officer by the name of LeGrand, and a several storey drop from the roof of a building that he was robbing at the time.Flash forward a few years though, to 1964 and questions over his possible demise begin to be raised following an explosive heist at the British Museum, leading to the theft of one of the priceless jewelled ""Eyes Of The Sphinx"".  Has the Raven returned from the dead, or is this just the work of a copycat?  And why has his modus operandi changed to include violence, something which he had previously avoided?Inspector LeGrand, feted for his part in the apparent termination of the Raven previously, is put in charge of both the case and also of guarding the other Eye Of The Sphinx during its long and perilous trip from London to Cairo, where it is to be displayed, via The Orient Express and luxury ocean liner.  However, you do not play as Inspector LeGrand, or even his eager sidekick from Scotland Yard.  No, instead you are Constable Anton Jakob Zellner - an elderly, balding overweight Swiss policeman whose presence on board the Orient Express is the bare minumum of assistance that the Swiss government could provide and who hitherto has never done anything more exciting than walk the same beat every day of his working life - an extremely unlikely hero at first glance and which does make for a bit of a slow start to the game, with plenty of talking and very little action.It is not until about 20 minutes in that you come across a character called Lady Westmacott, the expy of a certain other real life massively successful classic British crime author and you begin to  understand that you find yourself in a lovingly constructed homage to the works of Agatha Christie.  Constable Zellner is a huge fan of her work and it soon becomes apparent that he shares several traits with that of her most famous fictional detective ""Monsieur Partout"".  He has a logical mind and a keen eye for human behaviour, and it is this that helps him get under the skins of his fellow passengers, one or more of whom may be a great deal more than they appear.In contrast with the obsessed Inspector LeGrand, he is convinced that this Raven is nothing more than a copycat and in his own quiet way is just as determined to bring him to justice.  He is also aware that this adventure may be his last chance to accomplish something worthwhile in his life, as retirement is looming and he is in poor health anyway.  ""If I don't do anything exciting I might have a few more years to live?"" he asks, before dropping his heart tablets in the ocean while preparing to disobey orders and sneak onboard the SS Lydia to search for a stowaway.  His adventures will end up taking him all the way to the catacombs of Cairo, while along the way he will save a young boy from a runaway train, survive being bombed, chloroformed, drugged and concussed (not necessarily in that order), solve the locked room murder of a Baroness on the high seas - which enabled me to live out my dream of gathering a group of suspects together before outlining my deductions - before finally unmasking the Raven.However the game then abruptly switches narrative, changing its viewpoint to that of not one, but two different characters whose plots run parallel to that of the good Constables, overlapping with it at crucial junctures.  The trouble was that by then I was really enjoying my time spent in the comfortable and soothing presence of Constable Zellner that this change of viewpoint was initially disappointing and, although it did explain more fully several key events, the game did lose some of its idiosynchratic charm in the process.  One thing it did do well though is to shed new light on some of the games wide and varied cast.  For example a character that is pretty much a one dimensional comic relief type in Zellner's playthrough is revealed as being old, tired and unwell and very much aware that his presence onboard ship is neither needed or particularly wanted by the crew he is supposedly in charge of, and another unsympathetic character confesses that they realise just how hollow their life is, that they are estranged from their family and that they keep their father's pistol on hand for when they want to end it all.  All the separate plot strands then meet together for the climax leading to a twist ending that, while containing at least one giant plothole and relying a little too much on coincidence, was for me perfectly satisfying.As for the gameplay, one thing I did like was the puzzles.  While some of them may be a little obscure and it is worth mentioning that some of them require you clicking on an object twice as your protagonist may miss details the first time, they are for the most part logical and usually involve common objects that you would expect to find in the immediate surroundings.  So while there is nothing here as brain melting as something you might find in the Sam And Max series for example, this can have the side effect of making proceedings a little too simple, there will be very few instances where you will be genuinely stuck.  The score, provided by the Brandenburg State Orchestra is wonderfully filmic and, while the visuals can be workmanlike, the vocals are absolutely spot on, with the characters sounding exactly how you would imagine them to.Now to the bugs.  A quick scan of both the forums and other reviews of this game can soon unearth some real horror stories and to be fair all the glitches should have been sorted out months ago.  I don't know if I was lucky or if the patches have done their job, but apart from difficulty moving from one screen to another in various spots and one instance where I clicked to perform an action and was then stuck in a loop of a character wandering round in circles until I force closed the game down I managed to get through ok.  It is still worth saving regularly though, just to be on the safe side!In conclusion then, a game with a few rough edges, but the strength of the writing and of the characters make it well worth your time.  If it was an Agatha Christie novel, it wouldn't be a blockbuster like Murder On The Orient Express, but one of her lesser known yet solid efforts like A Mysterious Affair At Styles, perfect for a rainy afternoon's escapist fun."
,Recommended,233370,8614704,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Najo,GG
,Recommended,233370,15891757,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Aartform Games,"Having a great time playing this game. I like the art and characters and enjoy being inside a classic feeling crime mystery.The point and click puzzles are simple, partly because the game is streamlined - you don't get an inventory full of irrelevant items, and once you've examined an object - if it is no longer relevant it stops being clickable. Along with hints and hotspot locations this makes the game a fairly easy ride so you can enjoy the story.I've had a couple of times the game got stuck, but nothing a reload and 30 sec replay couldn't fix.Most of all I enjoy the twists and turns in the storyline, lots of fun surprises."
76561198073600298,Recommended,233370,14436134,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Legacy,"The Raven, a classic feeling point and click game that takes you on a journey to find a gentleman thief.The story is slow in the beginning, but picks up shortly after the first chapter. It will bring you to think deeper about what is going on around you and to think about what every character is doing, and how they are involved. Very sow paced, the movement of characters, the dialogue, the questioning, the stories.It makes you use logic to figure out both hard and easy puzzles, from opening secret passage ways to attaching a light bulb to wires to light up a room, its a very fun and interesting experience.The movement I found was slightly annoying on computer. The angles of the camera made it really hard to see different doors and items at some points. Some rooms would even be pitch black, making to scan the whole screen with your map (unless you wanted to use your detective points, reducing your overall chapter score at the end)Fun twists and characters that you can enjoy, good and bad,Personal Rating: 3.5/5"
76561198012023582,Not Recommended,233370,29730536,Posted: 5 February,all,lewrker,I really love all the other games by this studio but this one just stopped working years ago and they haven't bothered fixing it. As far as I can tell it's built against some old libraries that just don't work in modern desktop GNU/Linux distributions.
76561198053789018,Not Recommended,233370,9959095,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,victormaje,"Bought the deluxe edition & it only worked for around 2 hours then would never run again, always crashing at startup.Posted an article on the forums for help, nothing.Tried to contact the developer, nothing.It's such a shame, it looked like such a nice game.  So much for the deluxe edition....I'm on the new iMac, 27"" running Mac OS X 10.9 with 32 GB Ram & a lot of processing power..."
,Not Recommended,233370,9810708,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Maxiom,"I feel as though the writing staff and creative team behind this game distinctly had a good vision, but they lacked the technical skill to pull it off. The plot of the game is fairly well written, the puzzles mostly make sense, and the voice acting is usually not the bad.However, it falls short repeatedly when looked at from a technical viewpoint, which surprising as a point and click shouldnt have a lot of technical failures. First off: all camera angles are fixed, and they quite often -refuse- to change to match your character's location. I'll find myself clicking to an area off to the left, for example, and the character wil just walk against an invisible wall and never make any progress in that direction. I eventually found that, to make the camera shift to the left, I had to move my character to the RIGHT which made no sense. Furthermore, there are moments where the game will essentially freeze up or deny progress. Upon examining an object of the scenery, my character walked up to it, bent over to look at it, and vanished, forcing me to reload a save, and at one point my character just got stuck walking in place. To this I'd usually say 'well, just save the game a lot' but even that isn't a reliable counter measure as the game has, in one istance, just straight up deleted all save from the last 3 hours of gameplay. Its very frustrating, especially since I DID want to beat the game. And even though the game is not very graphically intensive even at the higher resolutions, I had to put it at the lowest setting possible just to make it function smoothly, and my laptip gets REALLY heated up when running this, even though my latop can play more graphically intensive games just fine.Overall, while the story and setting are interesting, the developers very much lacked the technical skill to properly put together a videogame. I think The Raven would just have been better off as a movie or something, because its too frustrating to navigate as a videogame. I liked the things that worked well, but I wouldn't recommend it to other players."
76561198071299762,Not Recommended,233370,13113256,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,dthornsjo,"So very annoying. More thick-headed than the average point-and-click game, with riduculously complicated and obtuse solutions to what would be simple problems in real life. It's good-lookiing, but I'm quitting before I waste any more time on the thing, and regret the purchase. Completely insoluble without a walkthrough, and where's the fun in that?"
76561197960603446,Not Recommended,233370,18752486,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,zmacker,So i bough this game with high hopes of fun investigations and clue solving. Both of those went allright for me but my main problem is that the game isen't made for you to move around with a mouse. I would get stuck inside a train car for a longer amount of time then i care to admit. So if you plan on playing this game without a controller i do not recommend it unless you enjoy clicking every single spot on the screen to try to get to the next cart and watch your fat clumsy constable zellner turn back and forth. seriously i think this game was made just to make me rage
76561198023925315,Not Recommended,233370,8838128,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,SkyCaptainHD,"WARNING!  DO NOT buy this game!  Unless you like paying for games that don't work.It does NOT even run, and the developers don't bother to answer all the problems many people are having with getting the game to run on Mac, PC and Linux.  It won't even start on Mac OS X 10.9.1, I have not been able to play 1 minute of this game.  It immediately crashes when you click on ""Play"" in Steam.Almost 3 weeks now and they have not even gotten back to me on my problem.  Sure they post when the game is on sale and answer when someone wants to know what's included the Deluxe edition of the game but not the REAL problems people are having with running the game.Read thru the forums here and on the official site and see what I'm talking about.I just want my money back now.  But I highly doubt they will answer my email or the many other people in the same boat.Do yourself a favor and don't bother with this game unless you want a real headache to deal with."
76561198006756264,Not Recommended,233370,32029253,Posted: 28 May,all,Edgewalker,"Last chapter of the game is riddled with bugs. Some of them, such as disappearing items, can prevent you from finishing the game.There are also terrible plot holes and inconsistencies to the point that the whole story does not make any sense.After finishing the game I can say I am sorely disappointed.If you want to play a good detective game do yourself a favor and buy Sherlock Holmes: Crimes and Punishement."
,Not Recommended,233370,18822833,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,ThDubya,"I thought this game was quite boring (the pacing was very, very slow) and the techical quality was poor even for an adventure game."
,Recommended,233370,8865748,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Astaroth,"This game is one great piece of art. The graphic quality is outstanding for the genre, and the visual style perfect for the ambience the game wanted to set. The characters are believable and the voice acting, magnificent. The key characters are also very charismatic and charming. You can pour yourself into the game; there's no lazy storytelling to stop you.While the riddles tip the balance towards the ""too easy"" end of the scales, it doesn't really affect the gameplay in a very noticeable way. The pacing, although slow, is not mood-breaking. It serves its purpose of building up the tension when it needs to.I would recommend this game to anyone who has a liking for detective/noir fiction, or someone who wants to step down from their more agitated gaming worlds and chill out in a classic point and click adventure with a brilliant story to tell."
,Not Recommended,233370,25498663,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Ovi,"This game is embarrassingly bad. Not only it's extremely boring, filled with inane dialog and ridiculous plot, but also riddled with bugs. I had to force close the game because the character was stucked in an animation loop in chapter 3 (and by the way, animations are so bad they're almost hilariously funny). Unfortunately I can't force myself any longer through the boredom, so I guess I won't see the ending. Chances are I'm not really missing anything at all."
,Recommended,233370,28179881,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Simrochen,love it !
76561197975893097,Not Recommended,233370,8833282,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Storm,Do NOT buy if you have macbook. It dosen't work on MACBOOK PRO! No support from developer. Like a SCAM but not :)
76561198089207013,Not Recommended,233370,8866607,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Dustbunny,"The interface is horrible you will spend for ever slowy moving your curisor over things to find objects to interact with and just trying to move from one area to the next is a feat of patience and random clicking. I have never ever been so ticked off at a video game in my life. I love stories but would it of killed them to have move arrows for between the sceans/areas just so I could get on with the story? -_- I will not let a dumb and poorly thought out game defeat me! I will finish this and them never ever buy from these people again in this genre unless they annouce an all new easy to use clicking interface for movement. Game made me feel sick with frusteration.Also Guess what!!! they keep warning you when the screens are loading that if you get frusterated take a break or talk to all the npc. Almost every single time you load into the next area. If they knew what a pain in the butt something was going to be why not fix it? Oh it's suppose to be a mystery and you have to find the right items to continue forward.  Like Hell you do! There's objects everywhere you can't interact with but you could logical use. Why make a torch when theres a flash light and batteries in the bar drawer? Also they have adventure points that will show a magnify glass above the items in the room you can interact with, it's a brief flash and almost useless, unless you hit it look in one area of the screen, click it again and look in another area, etc.Actually as I'm typing this I don't even want to finish this game screw it and what a waste of cash. I want my money back!!!! An elementary student could of beta tested for problems better then the creators of this game. Also a kid could of given them tons of feedback. -_- fricken LAME!!!!!!! more colorful words add here.If you play this anyways to see for your self, have a punching bag/pillow or alot of soft things to throw."
76561198067600253,Recommended,233370,8943064,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Cooolio Jims,This game is AMAZING! Puzzles aren't too hard and the story is what keeps it going. the voice acting is pretty good and dialogue is funny and charming. XD I love it. I do recommand a guide to use when stuck.
76561197982019383,Not Recommended,233370,24548205,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Nekron99,semi-ok story but very slow ...even for a point and click..besides the story being slow it slows you down very much with the fact the devs of this game gave us a BORING lead character and no way to move him faster..by double clicking him walking does nothing..His middle aged balding chunky little wobble just starts to get annoying..And.. you cant change your direction once you click to go across a room..you need to wait until this wibble wobble of a man finishes his walk...Unreal how a newer point and click game didnt think to make movement faster for those who dont need to see this guy walk the WHOLE room just to get to a area you need only to come back and have to wait again..Sad.. story is BLAND..no flavor..no memorable characters either..the only thing that will stick out in memory about this game is that is SLOW..and Story lacks any type of creative thinking...YEah...This game could be called PInk Panther Strikes AGain..change the RAven to Pink Panther..DOne...if your looking for a intresting detective police point and click..this one will BORE you...it sure Bored me...
76561198152165602,Not Recommended,233370,24675146,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,kshid,"I didn't enjoy the game.  I understand it's a point and click, so you point and click but there didn't seem to be much thought behind the clicks.  Just keep clicking and eventually the answers will be shown to you.  I just found myself after awhile clicking and clicking, just going through the motions and finding very little enjoyment in playing the game."
76561197963164050,Recommended,233370,12274516,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,NighT WolF,"It's a masterpiece. Don't know what else i could say. Sometimes it's a little bit hard to change the scenery and some animations are glitchy, but all the flaws are covered by the brilliant story and good voice acting. The Puzzles are rather a searching game, than a challenge where you have to think. But they aren't annoying, the objects are not too hidden and it's still entertaining to solve them.This game is something for you, if you love to play story rich, classic adventures, which progesses fast and doesn't have puzzles which take days of thinking (or try & error) to solve."
76561198123297170,Recommended,233370,23829792,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Jezargoss,awsome and intresting
76561198089269298,Not Recommended,233370,11819254,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Clara,"This game is a bit too mind numbing for me. You don't want to beat the game in one day. If you do you'll be forcing yourself to enjoy the rest of the game. It's better off to play in the three different point of views one day at a time if that. Each point of view/chapter is at least 2 hours or so, depending on how fast you find items in the game. There's a hint button at the bottom as usual, but it'll take away from your score. As far as I'm concerned I only had to use it twice so far, once in each point of view so it's fairly easy to progress in the game. If that's a game for you then go ahead and buy it, but I feel they could've made it so much more interesting, especially with how much they bragged in the trailer."
,Recommended,233370,18850814,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,rsenic,"Bad handling, terrible suspension, nice view, great radio.Get it for a couple of quid on sale if you enjoy watching a bit of Poirot but can't get your fix after the show finished.This game is a clunky one, and you may have to click in the wrong direction to get the correct perspective to go in the right direction. I often wished for a keyboard and mouse control combo, It would have been improved by tank controls even. It has something like it for the 360 controller, but mouse was a better choice over that.Hit boxes are hit and miss (miss, mostly). Good luck finding things that are somewhere behind another object. Or the exit.It is not terribly exciting, and the story is really slow, but it gives a *mild* feeling of wanting to know what happens next.Just enough to play the game through twice over. Barely.The graphics are.. ok? Backgrounds are great, walk cycles are dreadful, characters are nice from afar but demonic hellspawn of wallace and grommit from up close.Voice acting and writing is.. not annoying? Good enough.I think most of the budget has gone to set painting and music; the ambiance is great."
76561198034565759,Not Recommended,233370,12069104,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,ankakarbo,"The game is corrupt on my mac. Cannot play it despite playing ££ for it, and reinstalling does not help. Greatly disappointed with the product that on the face of it sounded like fun game to play."
,Not Recommended,233370,21934273,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,RoseVonMassacre,"This game won the Bored To Death achievement from me.I'm a huge Agatha Christie fan and I love tributes but this felt more like a bad rip off than a tribute. It's a mix of a bit o' dis book a bit o' dat novel, they didn't really make an original story.I thought the finale was cute, but after an unbearable amount of bugs, movement impairments and slooooooooooow walks I rushed to the end and was so relieved to get to it, I didn't enjoy it properly.The game isn't difficult at all, you can't go wrong: there's such a small amount of objects in such little space and almost no puzzles that it almost feels like a movie (one that you could swear you've already watched), more than a game."
76561198043569585,Not Recommended,233370,22861937,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,CrustyFox,"Gameplay is painfully slow.You would have to be very patient and very bored to play this game.A lot of time and effort goes into opening locked doors/drawers/boxes rather than on real detective work.There is a lot of sitting and waiting while staring at a black black screen as your uncharming protagonist moves between rooms (or from one half of a railway carriage to the other), and everything is done in an annoyingly roundabout way and without real humour.There is nothing appealing about any of the characters.A potentially great story and some lovely cinematic ideas havw been completely ruined here.An easily pleased ten year old with low expectations might enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,233370,19814873,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,danz,The game would be lovely if it wouldn't for the unusable controls. And it looks like one of those games which will never receive a bug fix update.
76561197963390324,Not Recommended,233370,15053508,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Taboo Playa,i dont mind the games story at all. i just have to give it a bad review since naviating between screens in the train is just sooo awful. i know what i have to do but ive been trying for 20 minutes to do so lol yea game devs just didnt try when it come to making the characters movement or navigation between screens
76561197961441722,Not Recommended,233370,13281888,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Destrier,"Great idea, great graphics, great atmosphere. Terrible execution. The gamepad controls are confusing and unusable--they are sloppy, don't consistently allow cycling through all available hotspots, and don't allow access to the inventory. The mouse controls are also inconsistent. Instead of allowing you to click on every hotspot with every inventory item and sometimes saying, ""that won't work"", they leave you guessing about whether you clicked the right place. This is terrible because there's no way to interrupt a long monologue once it has started, and you can click one pixel off and trigger the same whole discussion again with no way to stop.Finally, the main character is annoying. I didn't want to be that guy. Many of the choices presented were ones where I didn't want to do any of those things, and you can't abort a conversation early. So, you basically end up reading an annoying novel in slightly random order instead of playing a game where you are in control."
,Recommended,233370,8575321,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,TuB Life,"I remember watching the trailer and thinking this will be a fun game when it comes out. I finally got it with all three chapters. I just finished the first chapter and the story pulls you in from the begining. This point-and-click adventure has many of the trappings of a good old-fashioned mystery.The Raven begins with you, as Swiss constable Anton Jakob Zellner, aboard the Orient Express. A priceless jewel, one of the two Eyes of the Sphinx, has just been stolen in a daring museum robbery.I would strongly suggest that you read through the raven achievements, which will help you get through the game. Check everything twice or more and get all the information. I don't want to give away too much, it comes down to things like the personalities of the characters, the excitement of the story, and the cleverness of the puzzles.The Raven is a fun Mystery/Puzzle game so far. I would recommend this game if you like Mystery or Puzzles."
76561197972565997,Not Recommended,233370,9146031,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Maer,"An interesting story with mostly logical puzzles gets spoiled by horrible controls, glitches and bugs. The last chapter really was a nail in the coffin with too much unpolished gameplay and moments when animation gets stuck in a loop, so you have to shut the whole game down. The graphic performance is at least on linux utterly unoptimized, my rig which handles metro: last light very well has to turn the graphic settings to low in this game. Don't play."
76561197979438474,Not Recommended,233370,14212538,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Zednaught,"I'm a big fan of adventure games, but this game runs into all the pitfalls of the genre.  A plodding, clumsy story, and arbitrary, poorly communicated puzzles. You can safely skip."
,Recommended,233370,33573903,Posted: 15 July,all,E.,I knew the ending from the %99 it was soooo guessable.
,Recommended,233370,7789283,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Cromulon,Enjoyable point and clickNot very difficultBut an enjoyable who dunnit type game
76561198068968803,Not Recommended,233370,25053316,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Aniik,"I liked the first part of this game, although it was glitchy and controls were very clumsy, mainly because of the story which I found interesting enough.Once I got to the second and third part and realised that those are basically the same story from a different perspective I had given up. It is a shame as the scenes are quite beautiful but the lagging gameplay unfortunately ruins the experience."
,Not Recommended,233370,13465901,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,jfpower1,"Poor interface, and very linear."
,Not Recommended,233370,13601975,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Posthoc,"For what is supposed to be a story rich game, the main character fell short.Was looking for a point and click game with an interesting story like what telltale games has been able to produce. Read a lot of reviews and thought this would be another, but for me was boring and too tough to get into. Perhaps I didn't give it enough time (the glitches helped cut it short for me), but the setting was dull and the main character was a dolt.I cannot recommend this game mostly due to the lack of any attention-getting in the beginning of the game. Seems like a solid puzzle and difficulty level, just not for me."
,Not Recommended,233370,12836017,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Voodoo Dragon,"Sure, it's entertaining and the story is decent, but there are some major technical issues such as graphic glitches and clunky controls. The game gets a bit boring at times too, and that is probably the worst part. I did play the game through to the end though so it is not all bad but there are better adventure games out there -- even from the same developers."
76561198083363463,Not Recommended,233370,9150413,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Josh,"good story, but ingame dialogue was really boring. I felt like it was rushed and could have been done far better. Theres a major glitchy section on chapter 3 so make sure to have sep save files !"
,Not Recommended,233370,9154438,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Twisticals,"So buggy it ruins the rest:Pros:*Interesting game mechanics.*Logical puzzles (unlike other games, give the packet of crisps to the tree to get the golden key that opens a sewer - you get my drift).*Great story idea, fun and interesting characters (I couldnt complete due to bugs).*Great intro movie.*Graphics are acceptable but a little bit clunky and could have better scene swap control.*Side objectivesCons:*Bugs bugs bugs - ruined everything for me.*Can be a bit slow at times(Run when there is a fire?)*Meh Music"
,Not Recommended,233370,9164476,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Moon,"I'm really, really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at this game. Mostly because I had so much hope for it and ended up being deeply disappointed. Over all 3 chapters we get 3 locations, each with a handful of rooms to it. I found the first one to be the worst of all, it was so damn small that it made moving the character around real tedious. Something all locations had in common was that often when you directed your character to look at something s/he would walk around in a circle first and still end up with their back to the object and instead turn only their head around. WTF?! While stupid it wasn't game breaking like the other bug when your character got stuck in an endless loop of walking animations.The story turned from possible interesting to boring really fast and the end was just outright silly and stupid. I'm a fan of plot twist esp those that make you want to watch/play something again to catch all the little things you missed and turned out be important by the end. But The Ravens ending doesn't actually make sense! Esp when it comes to character motivations and behaviour. Not to mention the many scenes that got skipped with the 2nd character and left us with no explanation of what *really* happened.I wish there was something actual good about this game, I really do. But while the graphics might be good they didn't get a chance to really shine thanks to the locations and some choices in character design. The voice acting is passable at least but for the choice for Adil. If I'm not mistaken it's the same actor as Rufus from the Deponia series, which would be okay if the character wasn't supposed to be of Arabic origins. The voice just didn't fit the character, imo.If you can get this for cheap in a bundle or sale and you want to play it for completeness sake, okay. But seriously, do not pay the full price for it! Least of all €25,- !!"
76561198027637477,Recommended,233370,11322514,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Politically incorrect,"Quite buggy, enjoyed the first part but goes downhill when you change character."
76561197997103598,Recommended,233370,13068949,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Oh Noez!,this game is absolutely great. FUN mystery adventure and an enjoyable ride
,Recommended,233370,13070943,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,idfhayal,I'm not an adventure games guy but this one is great. It's the first point & click adventure game I've liked after Syberia.
76561198194774666,Not Recommended,233370,22821560,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,missy2b4u,Slower than a slugs slimy drippings
76561197989294557,Not Recommended,233370,26592248,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,MeJ,"It didn't hook me. To expand on that a bit: I played it for quite a while, but I found many of the solutions to the puzzles silly rather than funny or witty, It felt overworked, over-be-laboured, in comparison to what I had expected. I'll probably finish it one day, but stopped when I realised I was 'looking up' solutions, rather than 'looking for' them..."
76561197970078168,Recommended,233370,11844579,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,hermetico,"Recommended.A Joy for Adventure games' lovers.Very cinematic alike introduction, nice 3D graphics, good characters and a good and challenging storyboard.Nice view of same facts from three different points of view (characters).Just the third chapter has some technical glitches and, your character can walk in a loop under certain conditions so, save your game often. Overall, I found the transitions from one to other ""map area"" very slow: you have to eat the whole walking and any additional movements of your character; double-click doesn't speeds up the thing."
76561198130514798,Recommended,233370,11828640,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,amphetamachine,"I quite enjoy this game. It's a point-and-click adventure that's also part detective novel.Pros:Engaging story. It's a crime novel, so it makes you guess whodunnit every chance it gets.Deep, well-defined characters. *Every* single character has something unique and likable about them. They feel like real people rather than just characters.*Very* beautiful animations and character models. Tons of beautiful, rich environments. 10/10 on the graphics.Incredible attention to detail. Every scene, every room looks like it took days just to decide what objects went into it. The game rewards your observation skills, like whether the doctor handed the glass of champagne to the captain.Cons:Sometimes has graphical glitches -- character warps in from edge of screen or rubber-bands into place. Doesn't affect anything though.Sometimes it's hard to get the character to move to the next screen. You have to know where to click.Unskippable cutscenes. Annoying when you f**ked up and are replaying a chapter for the achievements.Music gets annoying very quickly.Summary:10/10 graphics7/10 gameplay10/10 story+characters8/10 overall game experience"
76561198069084515,Recommended,233370,18817321,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Ukin,"This game is neat social engineering showcase. I like story, and I recommend this game for everyone. I want to thank developers and storywriters!However it is not clear movement between scenes. It reminds me ""Through the Looking-Glass"" by Lewes Carroll and this helps me. Therefore if you play this game first time, you should keep calm and remember which place change scenes to have ability return back."
,Not Recommended,233370,8290639,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Sea5calf,"The first episode wa so old-school and classic, that I couldn't believe this game can be spoiled in any way. Nevertheless, the middle of second episode is the last exciting moment. The ending is horrific, worst ever. Just finished playing this game, and I'm totally dissapointed. Better think of buying The Broken Sword or some other classic quest.By the way, the game is optimized extremely bad both for my desktop and laptop, it is buggy, I just wanted to finish the plot line, but it apeeared to be crappy, too.5 out of 10 - promising, but the second half of the game has to be remade from scratch once again."
76561198045972507,Not Recommended,233370,23559144,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Winter Garden,Purchased game but it only allows me to play chapter 1 when all 3 chapters are available. What a rip off. Game itself is fun though and I wish I could continue.
76561198064475477,Not Recommended,233370,8866018,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,mohkjai,"If you like REALLY slow and boring games where there is less than no subtext and is a really crappy rip off of a generic conglomeration of Agatha Christie novels, this is your game. If you are a person of discerning taste, avoid it at all cost. I want my money back."
76561198028276049,Not Recommended,233370,9089762,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,vrld,"Interesting story and fun puzzles, but full of *game breaking* bugs: character stuck behind some obstacle in the scene, camera wont switch, character shows walk animation but wont move, etc.Would be a solid game otherwise, but these bugs really kill the fun."
76561198087963398,Not Recommended,233370,11609476,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,euge,Game just stopped working one day. Black screen with only the cursor.
,Not Recommended,233370,9647585,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,brennan,This game sucks major wiener
,Not Recommended,233370,34139919,Posted: 9 August,all,menmaatre,"A part of me would like to give this game a second chance but then the memory of the first puzzle comes rushing back to me. It was so linear, so literal, and so burdened with unnecessary steps that I shudder at the thought of forcing myself to return to the scene of the crime."
76561197993002732,Not Recommended,233370,25453640,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,ORAA,"The blanket got caught on the nail!!!Dull boring and uninteresting game, if this was an animatied movie, it would've been fantastic!anyway if you really love point-click adventure games then buy this game, and don't pay more than 5 $ for it.4/10"
76561198226249960,Recommended,233370,22900858,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,VooDooKnows,"This Operator Likes Light Und Wide Open Spaces, Water, Sea, Ships, Und Ze Who Did It [Murder] Factor This Game Is Superb [Outstanding, Execellent].   :)"
76561198125657714,Not Recommended,233370,20165272,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Archimamamia,"This is the worst game I ever bought.  It was too expensive, doesn't play right, all you get is silly characters talking.  I asked for my money back because they game sucks and they refused, so all I can do is go to every game review site and give it a failure rating.  I really think it is lousy, there is no ""game"" to speak of, instead you get these badly constructed characters engaged in silly conversations that go nowhere.  As far as it being a 'game"" it isn't, more like a RIPOFF in the name of a game....really, they charged $25.00 for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and won't admit it is a piece of crap.Perhaps if my money was returned I could maintain a polite discourse and as is stated above 'follow the rules' but the game maker didn't follow the rules of backing up what they sell and returning money if the game didn't work....I am playing through Steam on an iMac, using a Macally mouse (two buttons, one scroll wheel) but under options, there is no way to set up a mouse to coordinate and move the 'so called game' along, so one is forced to participate in the useless/sensless dialogue with no game play at all.This game company is a RIPOFF, and steam is participating, therefore they are a RIPOFF TOO.i want my money back for this bogus ripoff so-called game that doesn't work."
76561197967918496,Recommended,233370,295737,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,ӇƛƝƝƖƁƛԼ,"Charming graphics, if Howdie Doodie made a game the color palette would of come from it.  3D models well done as are the textures. Very colorful and vibrant. Love mystery adventures and this one seems like its right up my alley. Has the flavor of most of the The Adventure Company games. This one just seems more polished and well done.  Load times between scenes are a tad long but liveable.  Typical adventure game mechanics, point to walk to a point, investigate everything around you, speak to everyone. Very heavy in dialogue but thats not a bad thing, it does keep your attention as its not particularly wordy, just  a lot of back and forth discussions. Certainly interesting, and Im interested in seeing how this plays out. Scores well in Europe with and average rating of 80%. A must grab if your a classic adventure buff."
76561198007025751,Not Recommended,233370,29103647,Posted: 7 January,all,Roth,"Normally, I'm a big fan of games like this, anything with a good mystery draws me in, and I'm a huge Agatha Christie fan, but this one just didn't do it for me.  The puzzles weren't anything special, and I was pretty bored with the story, from what I played of it.  I only played the first two chapters, and then I just didn't care enough to finish it.  If you really, really love adventure games, you might still enjoy it, but it just didn't draw me in."
76561198072182182,Not Recommended,233370,9265037,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"I adore Kingart's ""Unwritten Tales"" games, but this is terrible.  Corpse-faced characters, stupid story, hideously compressed video.  [Lets fall a silent tear]Hey Kingart!  You guys are great, but you can't do episodic format!  Don't let it happen again!"
76561198024966479,Not Recommended,233370,9283214,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,impOROR,"First feel... The storyline seems very thoughtful and the artwork fairly well done, but the gameplay is  based on getting stuck.  I gave up when he said the curtain was probably not as good to burn as the tablecloths, but had no way to make use of any of the half dozen table cloths around him.  It doesn't seem like any gamers have helped make this game.  If a gamer made a movie but didn't check his actors could act.."
76561198023001356,Not Recommended,233370,10339493,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,I'm not a gamer!!,Too slow paced.
76561197998447992,Not Recommended,233370,8957680,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,bjb1959,"Horrible game on Linux, even has a tough time on windows from what I have read. won't start properly, videos are black with latest drivers. community is no help and the developer won't respond because they don't care. Horrid, Horrid waste of money. DO NOT BUY IT and if you already did beg for a credit from Steam and buy a good game from a good developer."
76561198074276517,Not Recommended,233370,13068015,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Torkener,"I think Kings Art wanted to make a Poirot game, but since they couldn't afford the licence they just made him swiss because Belgium and Switzerland both love chocolate."
,Not Recommended,233370,8722985,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,rickmagee,It is a long drawn out short game that is more a movie then a game. And leaves you hanging to force you to buy more chapters which aren't available! Certainly not worth the $24.99!!!
,Not Recommended,233370,8944806,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,"Lord Wolf, of Wolf House",Very Poorly made. Lacks common sense. Horrible path finder makes you get stuck alot
76561198027724631,Not Recommended,233370,7853929,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Bonez,"Doesn't Launch on any Mac I have .. Mountain Lion, Lion, Mavericks .. can't get it to run. Awful support to get it working"
,Not Recommended,233370,19163789,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Snooze,Breaks the Agatha Christie rules. Would not play again :<
,Recommended,233370,18961210,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,beko,The end really made me smile. Awesome game.
76561198162197438,Not Recommended,233370,19015047,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,phil47walk,"Very good visuals, if historically inaccurate. Appalling gameplay. Not recommenbded."
76561198114289786,Not Recommended,233370,19144640,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,broco,The game is nice and all but there are quite a few bugs. Shouldn't the developer fix all the bugs prior the release date?
76561198005069123,Recommended,233370,18972013,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,AlluSten,"A very point-and-click adventure game. Developers have clearly drawn influence from Agatha Christie's work and settings. It's almost like playing a Hercule Poirot novel that never was.Graphics are good, voice acting is subpar, overall design of the game marvelous.I can't recommend this game enough if you're into detective stories set in the mid 20th century. I know I am, and I certainly wasn't disappointed."
76561198149822667,Recommended,233370,19585918,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,The BountyHunter,loved the game. rhe games plot will keep you on the edge of your seat till the end. also love the concept art  for the game very well done.Has is fair share  of problems but what game doesn't. totally recommend buying it if your into puzzle solving and Mystery games.
76561197961608731,Recommended,233370,10308187,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,b00st,"A brilliant themed, acted and scored game. It was enjoyable from beginning to end with twists and turns aplenty.Its a genre of game which has gone into decline over the years and I couldnt be more pleased to seeing it come back in titles of this calibre."
,Recommended,233370,10408442,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,KungFuOpera,"This was a really enjoyable point & click title. The voice acting is quite good, the puzzles make sense, the plot is interesting and seen from multiple angles, and the music is catchy (if VERY reminiscent of Dragon Quest VIII). It's not fast-paced, but nor is any game in this genre."
,Recommended,233370,9627577,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,AnnihilatorX3000,"The Raven is an enjoyable game with exciting twists and a great storyline, along with some brilliant voice acting. The music is nice and fits the setting quite well. The Raven is about 12–15 hours long, each chapter taking you around 4-5 hours to complete.Unfortunately, the game can be a bit boring. The Raven is quite slow paced and you will experience a lot of talking. Your character moves around slowly and it can be very frustrating to have to wait for him to move from one point to another.As for the difficulty, it was sort of in the middle. Most of the puzzles were easy to solve, though I needed walkthroughs for some parts, but that's probably because I suck at solving puzzles.The art style was quite nice – It wasn’t too cartoonish or too realistic. Close up, however, some characters, such asthis one, looked ugly and somewhat creepy.The animations can be very awkward. For example, to pour a cup of coffee, my character had to walk two steps away from the table, walk back towards the table, and turn 360 degrees before managing to merge with the table and finally pour a cup of coffee.The Raven is littered with bugs: There were times where a scene would not transition to the next, times where characters would suddenly stop talking, leaving you unable to do anything, and clipping issues such asthis. There isn't a setting to change the brightness, making it almost impossible to see what is going on in dark rooms.Despite all of the issues above, I really enjoyed playing The Raven. However, I don't think it's worth the full $24.99. If you are a fan of Point-and-Click Adventure games, this game is definitely worth checking out. 8/10"
76561198058263765,Recommended,233370,9988443,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,kenny_jensen,"If you like the investigative series and really like intelligent gaming, i'd definitely reccomend this game. It features very coloureful charecters, real life investigation techniques and you actually have to use your head, if you want to succeed. :-DAll in all i find this a top of the line game.10/10"
76561197970384725,Recommended,233370,10019311,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,=AgA= smoothy,very interesting game really enjoyed it.
76561198132115228,Recommended,233370,10025298,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,hkyurkchiev,"Very good and logical! Could have been a little longer, but still one of the nicest games I have played recently!"
,Not Recommended,233370,19794066,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,dccamsari,This game has terrible controls. You should have A LOT of patience to end the game.
,Recommended,233370,20231066,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Gurken Sepp,"Nice game, i enjoyed playing it :D"
76561198128540424,Recommended,233370,21506783,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,griffonary,"Pros:+ Good story with the 'legendary' Raven figure and the police man who's been hunting him for ages+ The characters are likeable and the voice acting is superb+ The gameplay is mostly fun and well done+ The score is fantastic and occasionally I actually just sat there listening to it, it was that goodCons:- It's glitchy. The animations don't alway work out, characters walk on the spot, randomly materialise at the other end of the room, etc.- The walking is sometimes a major pain. I have spent several minutes trying to enter or leave the room and it's a nightmare. At one point, I may have cried.- The story starts strong in the first chapter and drops after that very quickly. Literally NO ONE cares to see the same exact events from 3 different angles. Major minus point.Overall, I really liked it. Anyone who's into detective games like me should give this a try, but I got it on sale for like 5 bucks or something and I wouldn't pay the full price for it any day. It's too glitchy and only halfway enjoyable for that. As for the plot...MILD SPOILERS MAYBEI figured out who the Raven was about... 5-10 minutes into the game during a very specific conversation that made me instantly suspicious. The game sends you on a wild goosechase with faints and double-faints and does its best to throw you off, but to the bitter end I was convinced (and actually disappointed with the presented alternative solution) and I was right. It might be a bit annoying to constantly go ""oh it's that guy- nope, nevermind. Perhaps this one- no."" as it comes off as lazy. Good concept, good characters, decent game, but seriously don't pay full price, it's never worth that much."
,Recommended,233370,21694664,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Boolin,Even with choppy framerates and odd pauses. An incredibly well made game. It does suffer from the odd pixel hunt for an item but most things make sense.
76561197995894805,Recommended,233370,22155141,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Sefu,Do you like Agatha Christi?Play this to the end. Trust me. That is all.
,Recommended,233370,22838880,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,animatrix1490,"I just finished playing this game and, though short, I had a magnificent time. If you enjoy Agatha Christie murder mysteries (and those like them), you will love playing this game.Just a warning: it can be a bit fussy and fiddly at times--changing camera views and other things may not cork correctly the first time. But if you're patient and simply walk away and try again, most issues with this game will work themselves out.Despite these minor flaws, I again recommend this game."
76561198040781623,Recommended,233370,22547003,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,raincurtsey,"Good adventure, good story"
76561198136856665,Recommended,233370,20884385,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ilydowa,"This game is glitchy as hell, but I'm still going to upvote it nonetheless, cause the story was really entertaining, the characters were really loveable and the mystery was good.I think getting the game on sale is totally worth it, especially if you like this agatha christie feeling.The voices sometimes crack like mad, if bad audio is one of your petpeeves, then this game is not really for you."
,Recommended,233370,21141327,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,SpookyTengu,"""The Raven: Legacy of A Master Thief"", a point-and-click adventure game with a great story. The story is the best part of the game. Taking a page from the ""Arsene Lupin"" short stories, the game's main antagonist is 'The Raven', a mysterious gentleman thief. You play as Constable Zellner, a veteran Swedish police officer whom gets caught up in a grand adventure/mystery while escorting some very valuable cargo. I won't go any further as to avoid spoilers, but if you play this game for one reason it should be the story. Also, allow me to mention the soundtrack. I found it to be very charming and found myself humming the main theme far after I turned of the game.The drawbacks to the game a few but glaring. The first being the camera angles, transtioning from one part of a room to another, that is not on screen, is frustrating. The second being the audio/video sync for the character models. Weather you play the game on it's lowest or highest setting the sound does not always sync properly and it takes you away from the immersion. Last, and certainly least, is the overall stiffness that the game has. I know it's a point and click game but the animations are just so lifeless and boring. If they patched these issues in an update I know it would be appreciated.""The Raven: Legacy of A Master Thief"" a game worth playing. My final thought is that this game is a good introduction to point-and-clicks and you should give it a try."
,Recommended,233370,20343556,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Jaiph,"Enjoyable adventure game with a great story, atmospheric locations and interesting characters. The puzzles aren't overly difficult and the few times I got stuck were more because the next step was not quite logical. Looks decent graphically for an adventure game but you'll still notice quite a few bugs with the animations in particular, but they're minor. Cutscenes are also disappointingly low resolution.If you liked any of the Sherlock Holmes adventure games this should be on your wishlist."
76561197972083728,Not Recommended,233370,20394156,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,gustafson.martin,"I started playing this game and really liked it. However, after a few hours of playtime the game suddenly would no longer launch. I've received no support from neither Steam nor the Kingart in regards to this issue which appears to have been existing for over a year according to the forums. It's disgusting business practice to keep selling a game as bugg riddled as this one and incomprehensible that the developer can't care less about addressing the problem. For your own sake, don't waste your time getting into an otherwise entertaining story only to find yourself unable to finish it."
76561198065682026,Not Recommended,233370,6409700,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Imperius Rex |❈||✵|,"I have a soft affection for point and click ""adventure"" games.  I purchased The Raven because the producers had a previous reputation of producing very good point and click games.I played the game for 2 hours (according to steam) and it's just hard to want to play it further.  The game is simply boring.  There is nothing that makes me want to go further.  All you do is walk around talking to boring characters, trying to figure things out that are sometimes, way too hard (I had to cheat and look online what to do next, seriously, a tiny spec on the ground hardly visible is a button critical to a storyline in the first episode).The game's pros: you will learn historical culture (and I fancy myself as cultured, German philosopher Johann Goethe is referenced, as is the movie ""Cleopatra"" etc.).  For a point and click, the graphics are pretty good too, not great or superb by any means, but good for a genre that generally is not visually all-too stunning in comparison to contemporary games.Maybe I'll go back to play it, but I doubt it.  The game is just too boring, added in the fact there is no suspsense whatsoever.4/10."
76561197985483054,Recommended,233370,20834497,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Dandy,Great story and puzzles.
,Recommended,233370,21321816,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,shiv_379,"A great first chapter followed by two that lack the detail and richness of the start of the game. By the end of the third chapter I found myself a little disengaged, however the ending is worth reaching :)I particularly liked that there were parts of the game that did not have to be fully completed to progress. Side quests if you will. Unusual in story driven point and click adventure games like this!"
,Recommended,233370,23090205,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,em,"I'm not really an avid gamer, but I'm big on mystery games and have played most of the good ones. The Raven is pretty good, but definitely at times the gameplay is clunky and it's difficult to figure out what the hell to do. There are a couple technical glitches here and there, but the overall storytelling is enticing and the way it unfolds is unique. I'd recommend it, but it wouldn't satisfy an avid fan of Agatha Christie or Sir Arthur Conan Doyle (I know there are bits of the game meant to reference Christie, but I felt that they weren't followed through enough.) Overall, a decent game with decent graphics and a lovely story."
76561198039934187,Recommended,233370,16102305,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Summoned,"I'm not the greatest writer, I just want to give this game a like."
,Recommended,233370,9651062,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Benjawhat,An amazing storyline and great graphics. The soundtrack is quite excellent and atmosphere is well done.
,Recommended,233370,9717533,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,jacobwt226,"The Raven - Legacy of a Master ThiefGet it, get it now.Pro:Best adventure game to grace my screen in a long time.Fantastic controller supportBest lockpicking in any game, ever.Fantastic storyline, I would say more but GET IT!Fantastic characters, acting ect.Cons:Some puzzles are a bit dragged out.Conclusion:10/10 Get it.Best game to grace my screen in a long time, 13 hours of pure bliss."
,Recommended,233370,9750883,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Apary,"The game is, before all, riddled with bugs, as well as graphical and animation problems. The game fails regularily, to extents only old saves can solve. If you are not the type to save often, in numerous slots, or if you can't stand the character teleporting, turning on himself three times before deciding to walk, or any thing of the sort, you will absolutely hate this game. Avoid it like the plague.The game is also slightly tedious. Numerous loading screens and the pace of our character make for an intense experience of slow back-and-forth-tracking. It can be frustrating. If you have no patience, avoid like smallpox.However, the scenario and storytelling were way above average, in my opinion. I like old school. It was very old-police-novel-school. You will play from several points of view, gather information and meet people differently. You will not truly understand what happened until the end, which is ridiculously unrealistic, as was all the plot. If you like the ""perfect crime"" novel, with incredibly complex plots, and twists everywhere, at the price of realism, you will like this. A lot.The characters are interesting, and you get to like them. Or hate them. Then change your mind.The puzzles almost never seemed to be absurd. I rarily was stuck wanting to do something only to realize the game wanted me to do something weird and convoluted instead. I never laughed at the solution proposed by the game. It was always consistent and logical. Some adventure games are known to take more... liberties. It was not the case here. Some puzzles were not mandatory. I believe this to be a good idea.Lenght-wise, it was a bit short. I'd expect the veterans of point'n'click to finish all three episodes in under ten hours, not accounting for game crashes. The beginners that insist on finishing without the built-in help (That allow the player to show every clickable in a scene, or get ""hints"" -I haven't tried them, no clue how revealing they are-) might take as long as fifteen. The game is divided in three episodes. From my experience, the first one is by far the longest, as well as the best in my opinion.Overall, the game had big pros and big cons. It is hard to recommend it to someone without knowing what matters to them. As I have to choose, I'll simply state that I do not regret buying the game and that I had a good experience overall. But I am a patient fellow who loves whodunits and who doesn't get his immersion killed by graphical bugs. If you're at the opposite end of the spectrum, I would not recommend. But, atop my review, I will."
76561198074378010,Recommended,233370,14788050,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,ytp,"The game is fun and mostly well done, I had a lot of fun playing through it.My main issues were with character movement which wasn't polished and poorly done and with the stories end.I felt like the story end was not as good as the rest of the game, but still enjoyable.All in all, I'm happy I've played through the game and in my opinion the game worth the money."
,Recommended,233370,14839290,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Ar1,"This game sent me into a mad binge for any detective PC games I could get my hands on.A LOVE letter to the adventure, detective and mystery genre.You simply MUST play this game. Now."
76561197980099138,Recommended,233370,14486352,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Snowkatt,"I really liked this game. The atmosphere was great and had a romantic and mysterious feel to it. Some of the puzzles were clunky, but hey, that's what the walkthroughs are for. Great story."
76561198063193728,Recommended,233370,14491933,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Sayanne,"Very fun mystery, that takes place in the 60's and in the settings of Switzerland train ride, a cruise in the Mediterranean and ending in Cairo Egypt.I loved the game play, if you over look the little movement glitches, it's nice.Love the investigation part of the game.Love the fact that it's in three acts and that you get to play more then one character, so you get the missing part of the mystery.Love the ending.If you're a picky player and want everything to run smoothly, then this game is not for you.If you don't really care about the smoothness but more about the story line and puzzles, GO ahead and have fun.But I don't think it's worth 30$ CDN, more between 10$ and 15$"
76561198091711705,Recommended,233370,10019183,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,BIG BOY CEACILIUS,game is fun but glitch and you cant go around corrners and thing of that sort!
76561198064741884,Recommended,233370,14403142,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Jessicana,"Decent enough entry into the genre. Nothing new, but likeable lead character."
76561198077719495,Recommended,233370,14613199,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,babydollpinup,Great storyline and quite a few plot twists and turns I didn't see coming. Typical point and click game with puzzles along the way and slightly rambling dialog but for the most part interesting script.
76561198025072293,Not Recommended,233370,14581994,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,cothenet,I had problems with the mac version.  several crash and never was able to finish the game.  I wrote to their support but they never did anything.  I do not reccomend this game for their lack of support.
76561198160042778,Recommended,233370,13814837,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,whereangelsfly,"In terms of graphics and sountrack, this game is one of the best point and click out there. As far as gameplay is concerned, I must admit I had a lot of difficulty getting around, there are some issues with moving from screenshot to screenshot and some of the dialogues are tedious and repetitive. I also had some trouble with the main character (no spoilers intended). I expected a more lively figure, but I was disappointed. If you enjoy Agatha Christie-type of mysteries, don't hesitate to buy it when it's on sale:)"
76561198146181443,Not Recommended,233370,13822591,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,jeremy.zorn,"It's a fun game. But it just crashed, taking with it at least an hour of progress. Really makes me not want to play it anymore."
76561198116322634,Recommended,233370,13673329,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Jacra,"Yes I would recommend the game for the realistic puzzles, not too hard or mind bending, they flow nicely. The voice acting in English is superb with the accents and all - the German unfortunately rather mediocre. The story is well done, the characters are believable, the looks and atmosphere is great.What is not so great in my eyes is the walking animations (otherwise it is very nice), the 2nd chapter felt waaay too short and the third chapter is a bit of a drag for me for the basic ... setup (I won't spoil it for anyone but to the developer: really??).For ten bucks on sale I would recommend it. For $25 ... not so much, I'm not sure I want to finish the 3rd chapter by now and hav only spent a bit over 8 hours with it."
76561198073822278,Recommended,233370,13476515,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,grichner,The plot is really twisted like a pretzel... puzzles range from simple to medium level... voice acting is suprème - at least in german... 3D-animation is sometimes improvable--------------------------And the jokes are funny... while playing Ms. Mayers the archievement counts only if you talk to her betrothed... really nice joke! What this is a bug ?!? :alyx:
,Recommended,233370,13842405,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Mongraw,"Better than average point and click adventure game. The puzzles are logical (for the most part) and make sense in the game world, but somehow often felt mechanical and uninteresting. It rarely felt rewarding to figure anything out.The story is where the game shines though. It's clearly an homage to Agatha Christie and made by people who genuinely are fans of that style of mystery. It will seem a bit dull at first, but there's a brilliant twist about half way through the game that will make you reexamine everything you think you've seen up to that point. There's a second twist at the very end that is much less brilliant and, while clearly intended from the beginning, is much less clever than the designers seem to think. Still, it wasn't enough to ruin it for me.Ultimately, if you like adventure games this is worth your time."
,Recommended,233370,15388899,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,SlashPatriarchy,"Great story but don't explect any brain melting puzzlesI love adventure games for the story but I hate puzzles, which is why I love this game so much.  Firstly, the games biggest con was a pro for me, the puzzles are very easy and there are very few of them. Rather than puzzles the gameplay is all about talking to people, finding items, and figuring out where and how to use said items. The animation is also somewhat janky sometimes and the characters move pretty slowly.With the cons out of the way, the majority of the voice acting is wonderful and the story is really intertesting, in my opinion. It's a pretty lighthearted story, overall, but it has enough twists to keep you guessing. Especially around the last chapter, I had plenty of moments that made me go, ""Whaaaat?"" I also really liked how you played the story as different characters and experienced the plot from different angles.If difficult puzzles are why you play adventure games, I'd say skip this one. but if you enjoy the stories and characters of adventure games, this is very worth picking up. Completely worth the $25 price tag but a must buy, as far as I'm concerned, if you find it on one of the Steam seasonal sales"
76561198027320952,Recommended,233370,15332109,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Mewtsuh,"This game was totally awesome from start to finish. All of the characters are well developed with rich backstory. It's not a hard to follow game and you really won't need to use a walkthrough, as it has an in-game hint feature. There are many achievements to unlock, but they're not difficult to get for the most part. The ending was suprising and very satisfying for me."
,Recommended,233370,14964544,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,obiwanchunn,I haven't played a really engaging adventure game since the first Longest Journey game over a decade ago.  I usually get frustrated with some complicated puzzle or something like that.  This was logical and flowed well.  I feel like it was more just a well written choose-your-own-adventure book.  Great fun.  Just finished the first chapter.  Can't wat to start the second.
,Recommended,233370,15246160,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Bologna Oblongata,10/10 i love that instead of being an awesome possibly supernatural thief im a useless fat british cop looking for an awesome possibly supernatural thief. thanks for not giving me a refund.
,Recommended,233370,16424177,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Clarrisani,"Pros:* Great story* Lots of twists and turns* Fully fleshed out characters* Graphics are pretty good and the character interaction works well* Being able to see both sides of the story* The revealCons:* Characters sink into floor, get stuck on objects or disappear* Game crashed on a few occasions* Episode 3 is extremely buggyFinal Verdict: Definitely get this game, but I highly recommend saving every time you finish a scene and having multiple saves just in case the game glitches on you, especially in Episode 3."
,Recommended,233370,14925073,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Bender76,This game was quite intriguing. The story was really enjoyable and while I had some ideas I didn't know how exactly how the game was going to pan out until the very end. Puzzles weren't overly difficult but just enough to get the ole noodle ticking. It's on sale at 75% off until 23rd March 2015.
76561197990406921,Recommended,233370,15065998,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,MMG Man,interestign story but the puzzles were so challenging i got lost
76561198032072531,Recommended,233370,12275397,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Sarkan,"Great story and well-acted. The only downside is navigating to areas off the bottom of the screen, as there isn't a clear place to click and often it becomes frustrating to move in that direction. If you like whodunits and are looking for a great story, it's well worth your time and money, especially if you can get it during a Steam sale."
76561198018766489,Recommended,233370,12337274,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,rthomas1,"Enjoyed the game, but found that the 'twist ending' actually messed the story up for me a little. When you're role playing a character, it's annoying to then suddenly lose all control of who that character is and what he's doing. I felt like I had control of the characters and could choose who they were - at least to some extent - and the ending felt more than a little forced. Nonetheless, I did enjoy the game. The voice acting was really good for the most part, and the story was entertaining. It also had the unique quality that you felt like it could actually happen, almost. Most games like this rely on fantastical magical boxes that couldn't ever actually work. This game really stuck to the 'real world' even though the crime was of the complicated fiction variety."
76561198010723104,Recommended,233370,12204376,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Ravlund,Very great and fun adventure game with charm and some twist you not alway expecting.
,Recommended,233370,12306110,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Laurachibi,The game has fantastic visuals and the story as well as the game play are just awesome!
,Recommended,233370,12313119,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,MikeLegend,"Really enjoyed this little game. A fairly uncomplicated, unfussy point-and-click adventure that is relatively short and not hugely challenging (compared to some absolutely evil puzzles that can be found elsewhere in this genre) but nonetheless, the story is interesting and fun to try to solve as you go along, the voice acting and scripting is really good and the soundtrack is great too. There's an occasional glitch here and there when the characters are walking around and get temporarily stuck on their surroundings which gets a little tiresome, plus the controls aren't the most intuitive, but since the game is so charming overall, I put it down to being a quirk.I'd recommend sticking this on your wishlist and getting it when it appears on sale - my opinion is that, despite really enjoying The Raven, I think £25 is a little steep for what is a casual, lightweight point and click adventure. I picked it up when it was 75% off and I think I got a bargain."
,Recommended,233370,12276661,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,kazereal,Fine detective-adventure in the spirit of classic crime-novels.
,Recommended,233370,5064424,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Alucard,"Very good game)It does not have a wonderful graphics and it has enough glitches and bugs, however its has a charming plot, nice puzzles and a wonderful final no one could suspect :)"
,Recommended,233370,10983872,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Chelleesi,"Brilliant game to be honest, mostly all thumbs up. Nice plot twists and interesting characters and conversing with them is enjoyable. Very story rich, and there's a lot of things you can interact with that's got nothing to do with the main story but it's still interesting to see/hear.The only problem I have with the game is the amount of bugs in it. Using one item to interact with another sometimes doesn't work, and requires a client restart (for me at least). Getting from one frame into the next is extremely buggy in almost all areas of the game, requiring you to walk back and forth a lot before triggering it. Honestly though that's the only problem I had with it. Other than that it's one of the best point and click crime games I've ever played."
,Recommended,233370,10156054,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,[TW]b4283,"It feels good to play again an old-styled adventure games. The game is decent graphics, sound effects and soundtracks. You can definitely see they tried as hard as possible to make little corners look good. And the difficulty is about right, not too difficult or easy. However the game doesn't work perfectly: one is that the graphics are broken somewhat under Linux -- I have only played this game under Linux so I don't know about Windows, namely several cutscenes that focus on characters or objects going on at hand. There're about 5 of them in game, it's not much but does bother the gaming experience. The second problem is that the controls aren't very intuitive. When the protagonist interacts with something, he always moves around the objective or act weird. And the transition between scenes is somewhat broken at certain locations.tl;drThis game scores at 7/10 at my standards.Pros: good graphics, good music, good sounds, mediocre plot.Cons: graphics seldom but do break under Linux though doesn't effect gameplay; clumsy controls."
76561198083431829,Recommended,233370,9895940,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,109JohnUK,"I was disappointed with this game, it's far too simplistic. There's not many things to investigate at each location and very few items in your inventory to choose from when it comes to trying to solve a puzzle. It makes solving the puzzles way too easy. I'd only rate this game about a 3/10 because it seems unfinished and rushed. Still, I bought it on sale for a cheap price so I got my money's worth I suppose."
,Recommended,233370,9495681,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,greenchylde,"Great P&C game! The art, difficulty, story and amount of game play are well worth it. The puzzles were complex without being impossible. The story is a welcome surprise. Check the forums for those last few pesky bugged achivos ;)"
76561198151327400,Not Recommended,233370,11831801,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,rekindledphoenix,"I love adventure games, but this one is a prime example of why the genre died out ten years ago - the gameplay is lack lustre and although it could be an interesting story, overall the game itself is just incredibly mediocre and boring. The movement is glitchy and adds to the tedium. I would recommend classics like The Last Express, where despite being outdated, is a far superior."
,Recommended,233370,12803551,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,araszarakol,"This is a wonderful, wonderful game. It is an absolute must for any adventure gamer. I'm halfway through episode one and the game I have played so far is what other developers are selling as complete titles. And I still have many, many hours to go. Very clever game, makes you think, great music, makes you feel like you are inside a captivating mystery novel. (A.C. - Which the game pays respects to, constantly)HOWEVERIt has very frustrating technical problems. Aside from the difficulty of moving around, the game literally gets stuck at certain screens and since there are no autosaves, you lose a lot of time that you have invested in the game. The first time it happened to me, the screen completely froze and I had not saved it so I quit and did not return to the game for months. Now that I have returned and progressed more, I am once again stuck in a screen that I cannot get out of. And this will also make me lose hours of work.FINAL VERDICTIt's most certainly much, much better than any other adventure game out there for the past few years but the bugs may make you go crazy."
,Recommended,233370,10846102,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,KZonca,"Great storyline overall. I liked the plot twists and *SPOILER ALERT* playing through the story with multiple characters, but it did get a bit repetitive through Chapters 2 & 3.A few things could stand to be improved in this game, including:1. Hint system - the barely-there magnifying glasses were not much help and it frustrated me more than helping me.2. Accuracy of moving around - I got stuck going back and forth in the room a few times where I just couldn't seem to move out of the room/train car, particularly when you were supposed to use the bottom of the screen to move down and instead wind up  opening the inventory bar.Other than that and if you have some patience with the controls, I would recomend purchasing this game! It was well-worth the 10+ hours of game time."
,Recommended,233370,13287652,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Eyrewood,"The Raven was an excellent point and click adventure with a very Agatha Cristie feel to it (amplified by a protagonist bearing a striking resemblance to David Suchet's Poirot). The writing and story-telling was top-notch, which I personally appreciate in games and entertainment media in general, as was the voice acting.There were a couple of bad camera angles, but for the most part everything was really well presented and I enjoyed the experience all the way to the end. I give the game 9/10."
76561198053218865,Not Recommended,233370,17002649,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Isobell,"I started that game and enjoyed it, played during some hours without caring about saving, auto-save is here. Good characters, mistery, it has everything to be fun. Sometimes difficult to leave a room, to place the character well, but I thought it was little bugs with no importance. And then, the big bug, an important screwdriver that I pick up doesn't appear in my bag. Impossible to use it, it doesn't exist, and without it I can't keep on the game.I reloaded 3 times my last auto-save but the problem is still here. So I have to stop the game or to begin again, knowing that this game has many other bugs which aren't fixed, a lot of people are complaining about it. If I knew before buying and beginning the game... I never played to a game with so much big blocking bugs, and I think it's a shame to sell such a product, it should still be in Beta."
,Recommended,233370,17576788,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,GracefulDawn,"9/10There are a few bugs, mostly in the third chapter of the game and closer to the end - the character would try to walk through an object and eventually just teleport to where he/she needed to be, and at one point walked through an NPC. Very few audio glitches, though, and an amazing story and ending that kept me guessing the whole time. Highly recommend for Point-and-Click fans, or those who enjoy mystery stories. Casual gameplay style - I could save and exit and pick up where I left off without any problems."
76561197984737819,Recommended,233370,17376558,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,No_SuRReNDeR,"I play allot of P&C Adventure games...just look at my library---I am not sure why but I love to play them.This is a game I really had a love hate relationship with and as a fan of the genre I feel abit torn about this game. The story is very Agatha Christe-esque and Its a nice change of pace to be a fat old dude for the lionshare of the game... I know that sounds odd but I did find him rather likeable. The story is a bit thin at times and I feel it needs more polish. The voice acting is hit and miss and so are the graphics, theres a part where your talking to a certain female character on the ship and I swear she looks NIGHTMARISH like a Five nights at Freddy's anamatronic... however some of the emvironments like the the train look fairly nice.Now the biggest issue is the Interface... I ATTEMPTED the controller option but that was joke, Frankesntien is more agile and responsive than the lead. The mouse controls are equally attrocious but the lesser evil. sometimes you need to click the bottom of the screen but the stupid inventory auto pops up or the camera anagle changes to stairwell and you accidently click the wrong way and the game forces you to wait for the lead chacracter to lumber back accross the screen.However if you can navigate through these issues, its a decent adventure game and WAY worth it if its on sale for 50% or more. The puzzle are mostly logical save a few (one involving a door) and its not to hard to avoid the ""looking up a walkthrough"" method online.I give it a 7.2 out of 10 -"
76561198153321634,Recommended,233370,17792341,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,WilfulDragonfly,"The early chapters were brilliant, an all round great point and click game. The voice acting, dialog, atmosphere, puzzles, characters, music, and backgrounds are great. There are some annoying parts of the game, like getting stuck at the end of one screen and finding it difficult to enter into another section. For example having to spend five minutes clicking everywhere you can to try and access another part of the train. I did also feel that the last few chapters were not nearly as polished as the early ones and were kinda buggy which is a real shame.I'd still recommend the game, even thoughNot really spoiler but I'll put it here any wayI thought the ending was a bit strange considering we have access to the protagonists thoughts."
76561198007688772,Recommended,233370,17242124,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Aargh,"Great ""old-fogeyish"" point&click adventure game which reminded me of Agatha Christie's detective stories. The story is really clever and so are the dialogues. Just bear in mind that it's a really slow-paced game with almost no action and a lot of talking.Graphics and animation is very nice with the exception of hair styles. And the 3D engine renders pretty bad shadows on characters' faces.The only major complaint are the bugs. The invisible or teleporting characters didn't happen too often and could be ignored. But three times I've encountered a serious bug when the main character got stuck and walked infinitely on the spot. There is no way how to stop the walking once initiated so the only solution was to kill and restart the game and hope for the best."
76561198121361705,Recommended,233370,16900985,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,calleyalleyoxenfree,"My review says thumbs up, in truth I'm more... ambivilant. It's a point-and-click, with some occassionally-clunky dialouge and half-decent animation. Basically, everything about this game was just... okay. Nothing outstanding, nothing game-breaking (I'm on a mac 10.9.5, after I lowered my graphics settings, the game ran fine), just meh. This is one of those games that will sit at the bottom of my play list, that I come back to in a fit of boredom. Maybe I'll finish it. Eventually."
76561197992599935,Recommended,233370,17490151,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Anzarulettaa,"This game was a nice little adventure with decent story. The game was quite easy to play tough, so if you are into hard/challenging adventures this might not be the game for you. The mechanics could be better too, game feels slow at times.Still I give this thumbs up."
76561197992479413,Not Recommended,233370,17604904,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,JediToad,"Very buggy!You will spend 5 mins just clicking the screen trying to get into the next room as your character walks in place.... frustrating!!!Art work is nice, story is nice, spelling mistakes in the dialog though.Will recommend at a cheap price or when the bugs are fixed."
76561198052567320,Not Recommended,233370,16964391,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Hopdidum,"A charming clever game with a charming clever constable making observations as you play through the game. It's above most point and click crime solving mysteries, but the cons are too much.Because sadly the controls are so difficult, it's a feat to make the constable go where you want him to. Not to mention it's at most times impossible to walk between rooms, which you do a lot in this game. The game is simply too buggy for me to recommend it, at least for full price.PS: I run on Windows 8."
76561198008361598,Recommended,233370,28788771,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MaY.Firin,"A detective adventure game. Story, puzzles and characters are all amazing. I had a blast with this, was always interested in what happens next and scratching my head on some of the more difficult puzzles. Go check it out."
76561198281719108,Recommended,233370,28654370,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,AnneyEffect,Great but with some lacks.The story is great. I don't want to spoiler but god damn it there are some plottwists I didn't expect. In addition to this the character are all good developted. Through the game you experience the story of everyone of them.On the other hand the graphic is on  the low average and the game control ♥♥♥♥ed me up some times.All in all it's a game for people which are interested in this complex story and not for the graphic fanboys.
76561198037215477,Not Recommended,233370,9019081,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,The_Strategist,"The first half of this game was good. Chapter 1 was excellent. You started to learn aboout the characters and a real mystery was being developed. It was one of the funnest adventure games I've ever played, until about the middle of Chapter 2. I don't want to spoil it, but there is a massive cliffhanger that completely stops the story's progression and makes you play everything again from the villain's perspective for the rest of the chapter. This isn't such a bad thing, in fact it was pretty interesting, but playing as Constable Zellner for 1.5 out of 3 chapters so far and then playing as some other character for the next half of the chapter severed me from the game's flow. Also, the story didn't go any further because of the sudden stop when being Constable Zellner. As this new character I had to explore the same areas that I already did with Zellner, which was a little boring. Then, in Chapter 3, you continue playing as yet another character in addition to the second character for the rest of the game. It was very dissapointing that I could no longer be the character I started with. I was just re-exploring areas I already explored, which was quite boring. That cliffhanger from the middle of chapter 2 that seemed like it was the middle of the story, nothing ever progressed past that point. Once the point was got to, there was a horrible ending that completely contradicts a lot of the things that you've done before and a lot of the conversations you had. I am not going to spoil it, but the ending ruined the game."
76561198056890122,Recommended,233370,34980275,Posted: 15 September,all,thefanum,"This is absolutely one of the best games I've played on steam. The characters are engaging, the story is logical, but the path between tasks challenging, I really cannot recommend it enough. Extra points for being low resource, I built a steam box that can't really handle 3d (I normally do 2d games) but I took a chance on this one and was pleasantly surprised. My steam box handled this one fine (although I did eventually lower the graphics to make it even smoother).If you enjoy Agatha Christie games, point and click adventures, or even just a good plot, I think you'll enjoy this game."
,Recommended,233370,35215706,Posted: 25 September,all,James20,"THE RAVEN: Legacy of a Master Thief has a strong start, but a somewhat meandering finish for a point and click adventure game.  While it tries to homage Agatha Christie’s work it can only produce a rather crude imitation.  Despite that, the game still deserves a recommendation, but only just.The Raven is a 3D point and click adventure done by the same team behind The Book of Unwritten Tales.  Oddly though, the rigging and animations feel extremely rushed. A few characters have obvious issues with their faces. One rig seems to be jutting out a character’s teeth while another (main) character has a frozen expression.  There is a valiant effort put forth for animations, but it really falls short many times.  It seems like the team was aiming high, but could not get past prototyping quality of work.  That said there are still a lot of nice things to be said about the visuals.  Character designs are distinct and fit.  While there are only a few maps, they are all well designed and thought out.  There is clearly a lot of work put into the visuals, but either time or money limited the overall quality.Voice acting is pretty good as well. Most of the characters fit their voices with the exceptions of Adil. Kerry Shale is voicing him and he sounds exactly like Rufus from Deponia with almost no distinction at all.  Adil is supposed to be Middle Eastern and grew up in Europe, but he does not have any European accent at all. That just makes character stand out as odd. Shale is an excellent actor, so I can only imagine this is a failure in direction. Still all the acting is pretty good, and even though Shale sounds out of place, he still does a good job. Audio engineering has some problems as the game continues on.  There first chapter is solid, but by the third sound effects and music scores sometimes disappear or feel lacking.In the first half of the game you solve the mystery while the second half you figure out how to commit the crime. It is an interesting idea, but it does not pan out to well. The crime solving is actually quite fun, you are not sure what is going on so you need to figure it out.  But committing the crime is different. You are told exactly what needs to happen so you just have to click randomly till it happens.  The primary mystery is solved at the half way point, but you still have to play through more game to find out the conclusion.  And since you are a stealthy criminal in the second half of the game, you do not interact with many people. The story fails apart and becomes uninteresting.The story is the biggest failing of the game. It starts well enough. The game draws some clear comparisons to Agatha Christie’s “Mystery on the Orient Express” and “And Then There Were None”.  But the plot has holes and non-sequiturs, which is much more pronounced in a mystery.  The plot is at best forced.  Even the story telling demands the audience to be inattentive and forgetful. While the ending was rather predictable, the contradictions that denied said ending where not satisfyingly resolved. The first half of the game is well done and endearing even, but the second half just is not and it complicates the ending.Overall, despite significant criticisms, the game still deserves a recommendation for adventure fans. While the first half enthralling, the second half falls flat."
