user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198370862099,Recommended,233470,32864803,Posted: 27 June,all,fhgk_126,Evoland is very funny. It took me a couple of hours to complete the game and all achievements. The through the ages game development is adorable and I would definitely play it again in the future.A bit expensive though for only 4-5 hours unless you get it on sale.
,Recommended,233470,8366562,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,utopianmachine,"Evoland is a charming tribute to the history of RPGs. Obviously influenced by The Legend of Zelda, Final Fantasy, Dragon Quest, and Diablo, there's a lot to love in this indie gem. You'll traverse the annals of video game history as you move from early 8-bit games through 16-bit and 3D, gaining little bonuses along the way that poke fun at RPG stereotypes. I smiled on more than one occasion at the humor in the game, and I was always looking forward to the next technological progression of my character.In a way, Evoland presents as a haphazard combination of themes. On the one hand, you have the excellent unlockable tributes to video game history. You unlock the ability to enter houses, you gain the ability to fight, and you'll be able to fight random enemies. All good, and all evenly and comically presented. However, the game eventually becomes a casual RPG with a light story that features frequent testaments to the major moments in RPG classics. While it is a little jarring to have your little world suddenly begin to be fleshed out, it makes sense mechanically and keeps the game moving.As you journey on through this adventure, you'll play a collectible card game, solve Zelda-style puzzles, find optional collectible items, and enjoy many different modes of play. Evoland is something special, and anyone who looks upon the roots of RPGs fondly will enjoy this nostalgic love letter."
,Not Recommended,233470,12247083,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Phil Mastro,"I feel bad giving this game a thumbs down, because it has (or had rather) lots of potential. What it turned out to be was a short, extremely underwhelming mishmash of classic games, dumbed down to the point where all of the enjoyment of the originals is gone.How can one make a game that is part Zelda, part Final Fantasy, and part Diablo that sucks? Well, take 5 minutes worth of Zelda gameplay, make the controls slightly less responsive, and stretch it out for 30 minutes. Final Fantasy? Have 3 - and only 3 - different types of enemies that require the same amount of attacks to kill whether you're at level 1 or 5. And imagine Diablo with no difficulty and pointless item drops.The whole game is an exercise in redundancy, filled with stolen famous one-liners from games we love, only to be regurgitated out of the context that made them memorable in the first place. Had the game been much, much longer, with more variation in enemies, items, and, well, basic gameplay, Evoland could have done well."
,Recommended,233470,7748210,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Emporor Penguin,"My opinion: Evoland was a good game, but I was expecting way too much from it.I was sorely disappointed when the game ended. But that doesn't mean it was bad. On the contrary, it was, for the most part, pretty enjoyable. Evoland shows the history of game design (limited exclusively to adventure games) from it's very beginnings, but disappointingly stops short of modern day. This made the game surprisingly short, but they weren't kidding when they said 'A Short Story'. My major gripe with it, is that it's not the evolution of adventure games as much as it is 'The Evolution of The Legend of Zelda and Final Fantasy Games'. There's obviously more to adventure than that, and even though those two are both superb series in themselves, the spotlight could have been cast to others. And the fact that those two games are featured so predominately kind of makes the slight reference to Skyrim and League of Legends seem out of place.But aside from the limited scope, that limited scope is done fantastically. Since this is a game about gameplay evolution, new mechanics and features are introduced constantly. But their introduced so seamlessly that it feels natural. You never have to take a pause to read instructions or do a tutorial, you just get it. That's where the game shines. It sets out to show gameplay evolution, and that's what it does. If you're an veteran of video games, you'll enjoy being able to relive some past experiences that you just don't get in AAA titles today. But, if you're a veteran gamer, then you'll be annoyed at some just as you smile at others.Want to continue reading for a more in depth review? Head over to my website to continue and to find much other stuff!{LINK REMOVED}www.aglimpseintomymind.weebly.com/evoland"
,Not Recommended,233470,7755087,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,『Serabii』,"The game hits my nostalgia in me, transition to the monochomatic (gameboy) up through the DVD reader upgrade is entertaining. Although this game has some ""charm"" this is not worth the price of admission. The game is ridiculously short, there's not much of replayability here."
,Recommended,233470,9776308,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,iN008,"Evoland has charm with an interesting concept to boot, traverse through gaming history. An appealing visual style encapsulating the likeness of each era, from Game Boy 8-bit to PlayStation-esque polygons, harmonised with an exceptional soundtracks re-creates an extremely nostalgic sensation for those familiar with the related retro consoles. Not only that but there are many nods and gameplay elements referencing various game franchises not limited to: Final Fantasy, Dragon Quest, Legend of Zelda, Diablo, and most surprisingly although perhaps unintentional YS.Changes to gameplay are achieved through an unlock system, one problem is that several of these feel like complete gimmicks and don't add to the game as much as others. However I will admit there has been a vast amount of improvements when compared to the original game, which can still be played on thedeveloper's site.So if you're wanting a taster of what to expect you can try that out for free first."
76561198028049202,Not Recommended,233470,10752881,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Kupo Games,"There's really not much point to playing this game.All of the best parts of it are already shown in the trailer.It's well made, but incredibly short and shallow.Evoland just makes you remember how fun Zelda and Final Fantasy are, and you'll wish you were playing those instead."
,Not Recommended,233470,15054632,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Tactical Fleshlight,"OverviewEvolandis a game that fails to achieve its potential. With good intentions, it pays homage to the evolution of the video game industry by allowing the player to travel through iconic RPG of the past. However, behind the cute references, Evoland is severely lacking in content.GameplayThe majority of the advertised unlockable features (improved graphics, sound, or combat) happen at the beginning of the game. After that, the player is forced to battle through ♥♥♥♥♥♥ renditions of Final Fantasy, Legend of Zelda, or Diablo. 95% of the items you encounter are completely useless and combat boils down to two commands: ""attack"" or ""heal"". To boot, the level-up and currency system does nothing (read: nothing), making the random encounters both intrusiveanduseless.VerdictWith some fumbling around, I was able to personally discover / beat all the content to the game in a measly three hours, including the main story and all secret unlockables. I bet you could do it with just two if you really tried. There is zero replay value. It's a shame really. Evoland was one of the wishlist games I had the highest hopes for."
76561198025307628,Not Recommended,233470,23746618,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Shady Shopkeep,"The first hour or so of Evoland is fun. Its premise -- explore a world where the graphics and game mechanics continuously evolve via treasure chest unlocks -- is a good one, and one that I don't see enough in gaming. It's nice to see the world shift around you, as you go from a monochrome, GameBoy-esque scene with only one usable button to a 3D world with prerendered graphics, and the sense of generational progress really applies to my sense of nostalgia.If only they taken that idea and run with it.About halfway through the game, when you go to 3D, the tone of the game noticably changes. The focus of the game is no longer on constantly evolving graphics and game mechanics; instead, the game tries to be a straight-faced clone of Zelda and Final Fantasy at the same time. If well-executed, this would also be a welcome development, but the game from this point onward has no depth; sure, there are Zelda-like dungeons, Final Fantasy-like random encounters and a story going on, but the dungeons have fairly basic level design, the random encounters occur WAY too frequently (one every five-six steps in the overworld), the combat draws from a miniscule pool of enemies, and the story is so shallow that I couldn't bring myself to care about anything. The first hour was great, but from there the game got very dull, very quickly."
76561198075564856,Not Recommended,233470,28701032,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,seacliff217,"Evoland is a game that tries to grab your nostalgia of great classic games like The Legend of Zelda or Final Fantasy 7, but all you get while playing it is the urge to play those better games.The core concept is cool, as you play through the game the graphics get more modernized and new mechanics get added as well, but it rarely treats it as an actual gameplay concept rather than a clever visual gimmick.The game takes different gameplay styles for different dungeons. One dungeon and the world map will play like Final Fantasy, a few are like Zelda, and another like Diablo. I would look past the lack of consistency if it wasn't for each of these playstyles being a poor man's version of what they are mimicking. The Zelda sections are okay, but have clunky level design and bare-bone puzzles. The Final Fantasy sections require little strategy with your caster only knowing two spells she can spam because there is no MP (or any spell limitations outside of the hero's summoning spell for that matter). And finally, the Diablo section is just a really basic beat 'em up with a single combo.The game constantly screams unused potential, but the developers were just satisfied with offering the player minimum depth in gameplay and writing. There are clever moments, but it does nothing memorable to stand as it's own game. That may be the purpose of the entire game, but at the very least it could offer HALF of what it's trying to replicate. More spells for the turn base combat sections, one other combo for the Diablo section... I should be able to look at each of these playstyles separately and be convinced that it could stand as it's own game.Positives? The game as a whole looks decent. The pixel art in the 2D segments look like an typical SNES RPG and the 3D graphics could pass on the PS2, that's not bad for an indie title. Outside of that though I can't say any element is better than average.The game is about three hours long for the main story, you could argue it's a bit longer if you do EVERYTHING. But there's no real payoff for finding all the collectables, so what is the point outside of just collecting them? Playing a card game that randomly selects my cards? Why not just find the strongest cards and just use those?If you can get this for a REALLY low price and just want to waste a couple hours, I guess you could do worse.However, If you are wondering if you should play this game before playing the second, don't. In a lot of way Evoland 2 is what 1 should've been. A tangible plot with actual characters with more engaging gameplay elements that does more than just be there for the refrence."
,Recommended,233470,15121569,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,not voltz,"bought evo land on sale , for 2.5€its a mix of legend of zelda hack n' slash's system with the rpg elements of final fantasy and the looting system of diablo ( only in one level ) and it uses the checkpoint system and it has some parodies :Dthe game is nice , you start as a 8bit charachter , then you evolve by time to become a 3d charachter .the story is short i could finish it in 5 hours , as for the 100% completion , it was in 10 hours , but even tho , the game is good to be beatenthe soundtracks fits with the game's levels , everything is nice here9.5/10 highly recommanded-- D.R. 1000 voltz"
,Recommended,233470,24546677,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Whiteswart,"Quite an interesting approach on the visualisation of evolution of the virtual RPG standarts over time.When I just heard about this project, I thought ""wow, cool, must've been smth worth to look at!"". Then I bought it - probably at some sell event or in the bundle, as I'm sure I was not buying it the moment it got out of Greenlight. And then... I haven't touched it until now. Two years passed by, the game achieved positive background and its devs even released Evoland 2, which is basically just one more try to do the same trick - but better... So yeah, now there are some reviews which points to the Evoland 2 immidiately, like the first one Evoland is obsolete now. Is it? Nope.I have to say, one of the things that kept me away from Evoland was the fear that the devs will mess something on my ""so precious"" gaming experience over all those years. It's the same thing as touching the HD remakes of Heroes of Might and Magic 3 or Baldur's Gate - which I haven't done yet - just to not mess the memoires of good old times with another portion of disorder every reinstallation usually creates.Happily, I have to state, that's not an issue of Evoland.While it ceratinly does just as promises - showing you the evolution of trends and game mechanics in some part of virtual role-playing - it does not insists that it was Strictly That Way. You know, as it usually goes with history lessons - like when Soviets poses like it was them who beats all the Nazies - and forgetting totally about Lendlease. Or like Americans poses it was them who finished Hitler and all around - oh yeah, and with K/D ratio of 10, above all... Sorry, I'm slipping away.So, have I enjoyed the game? Certainly. Could I recommend it to buy? Only if you're already used to play wanna be jRPG projects (like RPG Maker stuff), as Evoland generally follows the ""evolution"" on the eastern tread: Legend of Zelda mixes with early Final Fantasy tunes, whereas the promised reminiscence to the Diablo feels... just slightly common. Anyway, as of ""evolution"" theme, Evoland concentrates basically on the technological stuff - like adding more and more pixels on the screen and more tones to the sound, while the story and other most basical RPG elements remains on the level of the games in early 90's.So! As of overall, speaking of ""cultural value"" of Evoland, I can say it's a good tribute, which is worth your attention, if you've been long on the gaming stage. However, if you're expecting a very good RPG experience from Evoland itself, I'm sorry, I can't see, how this can be done in project like this, with all that mixture of styles, game mechanics and other stuff! Were that game any longer, I must add, it could have been even worse than it is now. Because tribute - is always just a tribute. If you want authentic taste - you obviously need to play all those classics like Diablo or Zelda by yourself.My mark for Evoland is 7.5/10. Nice project, and easy gold on achevements. Worth its price."
,Recommended,233470,12870523,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Nerd House,"Evoland is an Action RPG that takes the player through the history of gaming in a thoroughly humorous and nostalgic experience. Unlike most RPGs, the game is focused less on character development and leveling up and more as a humorous experience designed to bring a smile to the faces of veteran players as they progress through the various ages of the RPG, taking in the sights and bringing up fond memories. Packed to the brim with endless references, it’s clear from the start that Evoland was made with the utmost love for games of time gone by and provides an authentic experience throughout.Evoland is a game with a lot of charm, not least due to its sincere parodies of aspects such as the linearity of open world games like Final Fantasy, complete with a suspiciously named substitute called “Kaeris”, who specializes in magic asks our hero (and the player) politely to help her save her town.  Of course the player is forced to agree as to set into motion the events of the game. The humor makes sure that the player knows that this is clearly a game made from the heart and not once do the references feel forced or contrived. What will appeal most to gamers are the faithful replications of games like Final Fantasy and Zelda. Beginning the game with nothing more than the ability to move right and with Gameboy era graphics, the player soon, “unlocks” features such as SFX, 3D graphics and HD textures which are used uniquely as an aspect of the gameplay, becoming more advanced as the player progresses through the game. It’s hard not to raise a smile when switching from 2D to 3D within a matter of seconds and such use of visuals and sound is nothing if not innovative, helping to immerse the player into a game that reads like a history book of the gaming industry.That’s not to say that the game is perfect by any means, as there are several flaws that stick out as surprising, considering the obvious care to detail within the game. Factors like the lack of a sprint unlock came as a surprise considering just how expected it is in line with the other unlocks, and in certain parts of the game, it comes across as a very much needed feature which lack of inclusion can only serve to puzzle players. The switch to Diablo-like gameplay for a dungeon is very much less polished than the rest of the game and it’s not rare to find yourself shouting out in frustration as you try to adapt to gameplay so clearly not replicated to the high standards of the battle systems for the Final Fantasy and Zelda sections. That’s not to say it’s bad by any means, but the high standards laid down previously by the game serve only to emphasize just how annoying it is to have to deal with the clunky controls that are introduced and the dungeon will have players pulling their hair out in frustration as they die many a death trying to come to terms with the controls.The balance of the game also works against it as the various unlocks, arguably the most intriguing parts of the game, are largely completed within the first third. It’s hard not to feel that they should’ve been spread out further throughout the game, as you find yourself wanting to spend more time immersed within the 2D world, which is soon eliminated to make way for 3D, proceeding to make up the bulk of the rest of the game. That’s not to say the 3D sections are any less impressive, it’s just the enjoyment of the game as an interactive history of gaming is over all too quickly and leaves the player crying out for more. Such weighting to the first third of the game can also be seen in its references, which gradually decrease as the game goes on. Early in the game everything the player interacts with has a witty remark or object leading to several genuine laugh out loud moments whereas the latter stages lack interactivity leading to a loss in the charm that the game possesses as the game becomes an almost straightforward RPG.Evoland is a unique game in that it’s impressive to see the scale of references and care to detail that is present within it. Despite several surprising flaws, it’s not often in a game where one can relive some of the greatest game-playing experiences from Final Fantasy and Zelda in a couple of hours and the combination of the two games is almost seamless in their execution. Nothing less than a love letter to the games of yesteryear, Evoland will delight players both old and new as it takes them on a journey of nostalgia through a loving send up of the best games of years past.Recommended"
,Not Recommended,233470,14657656,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Đominus Aventiūs,"Evoland may seem like a good game, however after the first hour or so everything becomes really tedious. Once you've unlocked all the upgrades you're left playing a game who took basic features from several games (pokemon, final fantasy, zelda), and threw them all together, nothing new is really added. The story line is dull and short, and once you complete it there's nothing to do except discover a few easter eggs.While this game is not the worst out there, I would not recommend it."
76561198119782159,Recommended,233470,32230433,Posted: 6 June,all,Lessieal,"Really fun game.+ Art+ Music+ Mock of other games+ More of a walk through of past games than difficult- Some of the boss fights+ The way the game changes and grow with you* Personally wish there was a touch more to it but I know how it can be difficult to do, can't wait to play the second one. <3"
76561197965107231,Not Recommended,233470,26364878,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Brick Fight,"I rarely put this small of amount of time into a game before reviewing it, but I just don't see a light at the end of the tunnel.The only thing this game has are references. I admit it's neat at the beginning as you unlock things like better music, graphics and gameplay features, but that's the only susbstance it has. It has no interesting characters, no fun combat system, and puzzles are easy and unsatisfying. And even the references and humor become a negative and the game seems to hide its own faults behind being an homage.""LOL town music was bad back then!"" while this game's music consists of gratingly repetitive 5-second tracks on loop.""LOL remember random encounters?!"" while the game has an absolutely obnoxious amount of random encounters anywhere on the map. You can try out an alternate path, a battle every 5 or 6 steps, find there's a dead end, then fight another 3 or 4 battles on the way back to the fork, and get thrown into another battle before you even get to try the correct path.""NPCs are so annoying!"" As you run into characters of no substance whatsoever that can't even tell a decent joke when going for humor.And the rest of the faults are just inexcusable. The turn-based combat is entirely substance free and impossible to lose. The Zelda-style combat is dull, uninteresting, and poorly-designed (you can't even attack if holding down more than one directional movement key, and hitboxes are absolute lies). The game gives a series of fetch quests in a PS1 style town where there are loading screens between sections (not actual ones, just LOL reference ones) that you can remove if you collect a stupid amount of money. And the little game upgrades become sparse later on so the one fun thing it does just becomes too rare.The game just sacrifices so much for its references that there's nothing left to satisfy me to keep playing. If you want a retro-style reference to old RPGs, try something like Zeboyd's games. They're much more fleshed out and substantial than this."
,Recommended,233470,5230104,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,GridNo,"Game brought back memories of past adventure RPG games. Graphics and concept of the game was awesome! However, the story ended too soon. Needs an Evoland 2!"
,Recommended,233470,26302997,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Akka,"Inspired by Zelda, Final Fantasy, and Diablo.The credits don't lie. Gameplay changes every few minutes, adding features that ""evolve"" the gameplay. Starting with an homage to zelda on the gameboy and ending in Final Fantasy VII, there's plenty of references for the experienced game player to enjoy.Similar to DLC-quest, this game keeps the new gameplay elements inside chests, so there's a strong incentive to explore the world. Having spread the game over so many genres, any one gameplay type is comparatively shallow. Thankfully, no aspect of the game overstays its welcome. One hour later you'll be playing a completely different game.Clocking in at 4 hours, this game is definitely worth the sale price of three dollars I picked it up for. Prepare for tonge-in-cheek humor and servicable (though constantly changing) gameplay as you expereince this expertly crafted combination of the dev's favorite classics."
,Recommended,233470,12755407,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Jeff Goldblum,"It's worth checking out (on sale, at least) for the first couple of hours. The gradual upgrades you get to the art style, perspective and gameplay are a charming tribute to games of old like Zelda and Final Fantasy to name a couple. Once all that is out of the way, however, it becomes a bit of a slog. I get that the random encounters and story cliches are also there  for the sake of paying tribute, but a little of the former goes a LONG way and it quickly becomes annoying (especially when you pretty much have no need to level up for the final boss). As for the latter, I would've liked a little bit more done with it rather than just a basic retread (if it went full deconstruction of the genre this could've been amazing). Still, the art style is pretty, there are some clever puzzles involving switching back and forth between gameplay modes, and the in-game card game was enjoyable.Worth a look, but I won't blame you if you give up after the first splendid couple of hours."
76561198052403529,Recommended,233470,12001598,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Chardalyn,Evoland is an inspiring little gem which doesn't take itself too seriously. I enjoyed it so much that I unlocked 100% of the achievements - which was great fun.The game lets you experience the development of gaming history in its very own style. It's full of references to a variety of great games. Although it's quite short there is a lot to explore and puzzle.If you love trying an innovative game that doesn't take too long but still offers some challenge and amusement - Evoland is for you.10/10(I recommend it to everyone!)
,Not Recommended,233470,15042932,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,FrustratedRocka,"Brilliant idea, boring execution. This game could easily have been so much more than it is."
76561197967477386,Recommended,233470,279646,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Deltoids,Amazing! A must-buy for all RPG fans. The Art work is well mixed with 2D and 3D.  The battle system and BGM remind me the good old time when I was a kid. The difficulty is suitable  for casual or hardcore player. Highly Recommended!
,Recommended,233470,32790227,Posted: 25 June,all,TheSaltyCracker,"This game is charming. I have a soft spot for retro titles and while it's unpolished it still tries. Got it cheap in a sale, so I'm pretty happy with it."
,Recommended,233470,425371,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Reaper Madness,"As an older gamer who has been playing RPG's since the eighties, I really got a kick out of watching the game upgrade and evolve itself as you play. It pays homage to the gameplay styles of Zelda, Final Fantasy, and Diablo, amongst others. I was expecting the storyline to take a back seat to the evolution gimmick but it was surprisingly well implemented as a framework for everything else. If you have played a large variety of RPGs in your life, from classic JRPGs to the more modern action oriented RPGs, you will definitely enjoy not just the game, but the nostalgia that it taps into."
,Not Recommended,233470,28922741,Posted: 1 January,all,Colonel Gentleman,"This game is hard to recommend as I can see few people getting their moneys worth from the tiny bits of entertainment they will get. Evoland takes the character on a lackluster journey through various rpg games, paying homage so hard to older games that the younger folk will miss it completely and the older folk will be beaten over the head with it. And by pay homage, I mean the bad stuff too.  This game feels rushed as it just scratches the surface of things, and ultimately anything you do, you will probably only do once as the game certainly feels unfinished and hollow.  It is a real shame as this potentially would have been something amazing if more content was added and the story went somewhere long enough I could feel invested. The music is passable boarding around annoying. The enemies are trivial and bosses finicky and troublesome puzzles. I’m glad I only spent a few quarters on this game as I bought it on sale in a bundle, because that is how much this game is worth to me in its current state."
,Not Recommended,233470,19451898,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Solipsist,"Don't be misled by the 100% completion I have or the hours invested, this game is not worth playing.It starts out sort of cute and novel, the premise being that you unlock new abilities as a sort of video game history unfolds before you. But don't be fooled, the facade begins to fall apart within the first 20-30 minutes. A game pitched as a delve into gaming history very quickly unveils its true colors as a simple list of tired references to ""gaming culture"" with a few lines from movies thrown in for variety. Even if you can handle the completely unsubtle references (the earliest and most glaring one being the retrieval of the buster sword, where they literally say ""doesn't this look familiar?"" with a straight face) the game doesn't stand on its own in any fashion.The art is uninspired.The multiple battle systems suffer every issue from miserable and unfair hit boxes to simple math miscalculations for damage. It pretends to be Zelda, Diablo, FF, and more, and yet pales in comparison to the most rudimentary of battle systems (I wrote a more complex system on my graphing calculator back in 10th grade math) and has zero loot system whatsoever.The RPG system is literally nonexistant save for 3 items you can buy in the first hour. It pretends to have progression but the numbers don't effectively change anything as the whole game scales directly to you.The puzzles are long, boring, and unforgiving in required precision at times.The bosses are tedious and boring, even worse than the 20-year old counterparts they are rehashing.The random battles do nothing but draw out the length, and trigger frustratingly often.The writing is sad.The plot is nonexistant (references=/=plot).The ending is anticlimactic.And to top it all off, there's the option to use a gamepad, but it is never mentioned, let alone recommended, and without it, you are limited to 8-way movement, making much of the game much harder than it already is.I know this was originally part of Ludum Dare, but trying to pitch this for $10 is hilarious. Even at $1 I don't think it's worth playing simply because it intentionally disrespects your time by dragging things out. I'd honestly be more happy with the money I paid if it were 45 minutes long.Do yourself a favor and don't waste your time or self respect."
,Recommended,233470,11248818,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"Oh man, this game was a treat to play. It takes you on a charming homage of the development of series like Zelda and Final Fantasy over the course of a couple hours. You start out as 8 bit as can be, and throughout chests you find, you unlock sound, better graphics, enemies, and pretty much everything else. Your travels help the world to evolve to a more modern style of gaming (equivalent to the Ocarina of Time I would say). After a bit, you can go back and forth between old school and new school as a direct homage to The Ocarina of Time. Throughout the game, the developers maintained a sense of humor while not taking themselves too seriously. The game shares that in common with DLC Quest actually...and there are game development jokes in this game as well. You at one point unlock a ship which will take you wherever you want to go without random encounters and looks very much like  helicopter version of a Star Wars ship we all know and love. The battle systems also evolve and work well.Everything about this game was done right and I cant recommend this game enough.A definite 10 out of 10."
,Not Recommended,233470,22753073,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Ace13,"I most certainly do not reccomend this. Evoland had been on my wishlist forever, and when i saw it was on sale a couple of days ago, no purchase button had ever been smashed so fast. I've sunk a large chunk of my time into this game, and the dissapointment grows as the game progresses. What started as a cute throwback quickly turned into refrences stitched together with awful combat and even worse playability. the traps are annoying, the dialogue is bland, and the ""random battles"" make me want to pull my hair out because it happens every 15 seconds. TL;DR dont buy it, you'll regret it."
,Recommended,233470,16488097,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,VodkaFun,"Evoland, Where to start.. This game has one of the most interesting and awesome concepts i have seen in years.You start your quest in the NES days working your way up to n64-ps1 type graphics/music which you unlock from chests as you progress. I played the game 100% threw including all the achievements in about 6 hours. This is where the problems start. The game is far too short.. All the evolving takes place in the first hour or two and what your left with is a pretty bland and very rushed JRPG.The battle systems are fun MINUS the classic turned base fighting (think final fantasy) which are just horrible. You have pretty much no skills.. gaining xp is virtually pointless and you can only heal during a fight not outside and the encounter rate is about every 3 steps. Enjoy!I still am giving this a thumbs up for the amazing concept and suggest you pick it up during a sale as i don't think it's worth it's full price, If someone were to take this idea with a decent budget they could make something truly amazing! But Evoland however did not live up to it's potential."
,Recommended,233470,12867739,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,George,"IF you played any of the original Zelda games, Final Fantasy, Diablo and so on, you should absolutely check this game out. Honestly, if you only liked Zelda and FF you should pick this up. It's a great homage to great games from the past. My only complaint is that the game felt short, but that's only because it's so much fun."
76561198055546014,Not Recommended,233470,7919943,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Arale//Zero,"There's barely any gameplay in this game. It's very shallow and instead of parodying JRPG tropes, it kind of just puts them on the ground and points at them and says ""ok""."
76561197995200857,Not Recommended,233470,16271829,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,mrguy0807,"It's honestly not that bad. It's a fun little history lesson packed with references to classic games. However, perhaps because of that it is somewhat disjointed and honestly not that fun to play. Also, a big part of why I enjoy games and especially RPGs is the story and although Evoland tries to reference all the great RPGs of the past it doesn't really have a good story of it's own. Referencing many different RPG stories means that all this game really does is highlight RPG tropes and cliches. So although it is an interesting and fun history lesson/experiment overall I can't recommend it."
76561198035731879,Recommended,233470,32919311,Posted: 28 June,all,DesertTigerTR,Short(if you are not going to try to complete all achievements) but great game. The only thing that bothers me is random encounters. If you are at max lvl and just searching for something for achievement it is really time wasting.
76561198026943694,Recommended,233470,12770009,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Nyx-Nul,"Evoland is a game that works like a time machine. It goes back to the roots of RPG gaming and slowly trasitions into the RPGs of today. If you had an NES or SNES when you were young, this game will make you feel nostalgia on so many levels.But unlike most RPG's, this game lacks any decent story which is a shame. It sticks with the NES story type in which there really isnt one which hurts the later part of the game.but over very fun and unique title 7.5/10"
,Recommended,233470,29253387,Posted: 14 January,all,McBraas,"Short, but only fun in terms of nostalgia and pointing out easter eggs. I enjoyed it, but it's probably good it isn't any longer than it is, otherwise I might've felt different about it.Purchase when on sale."
,Recommended,233470,25375199,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Davoodinator,I like the obvious 4th wall smashing here.   this is like a tribute to games of the past.As you wander around you get references to all of the NES and SNES classic rpg games.. its fun and very well polished.i can't wait to see how it ends (10/29 achivements completed so far).and there is a second game. excited for that too.
76561197993891197,Not Recommended,233470,23480201,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,CtrlAltDestroy,"Evoland is one of those joke games where you progress by unlocking a bunch of the fundamental components of video games, such as a pause menu, sound effects, save points, and color graphics. It presents the joke much better than DLC Quest did (And unlike DLC Quest, actually lasts for over fifteen minutes). However, it makes the terrible mistake of emulating some of the worst parts of the games it’s trying to pay homage to, and forcing you to unironically play through them. Such things include:Areas with random encounters every ten steps,A save point system; dyingwillmake you lose progress and revert back to the last save,Entire rooms filled with invisible pits which only appear when you stand next to them,Enemies which teleport around you, enemies you can only attack from the back, and the ever-popular irritating bats,A painfully slow walking speed within dungeons,No minimaps (For most of the game, anyway)Secret collectables hidden behind fake walls with no hints whatsoever,A ridiculously long desert you’re forced to walk across with random encounters everyfivesteps.The game starts out showing such promise as you unlock interesting bits of game history such as non-grid-based movement, 16-bit graphics, Zelda items, and eventually hi-def 3D graphics. You will even encounter some puzzles which require switching between 2D and 3D versions of the game. However, this all falls apart about halfway through the game, as the game seems to just run out of things to unlock. Before you know it, instead of unlocking cool stuff like minimaps and combo systems, you’ll mostly be getting messages like “You unlocked fireball traps in the next room!” or “You unlocked an enemy ambush!” …I wish I were joking.The music is nothing spectacular. Most is forgettable, intentionally generic midi-like renditions for satire's sake.Then there are the stylistic and gameplay inconsistencies. It seems like Evoland is actually 20 separate programs cobbled together in a big pile. Most unlockables will only work for certain areas of the game; Some areas keep their 2D graphics for the entire game even after 3D is unlocked. At one point, you unlock a minimap that only works for about three areas in the entire game (and not the places where you really need them). Plus, you actually have three different, independent kinds of HP which apply to different game areas (Zelda hearts, RPG HP, and a Diablo-style red orb), and getting “fully healed” in one area will only heal you for that specific kind of area. So you might get healed in the town or drink a life potion, only to discover you’re still at half a heart when you return to hunt for secrets in the mine dungeon. It’s not a very well-polished game in this regard.I give Evoland a 4.5 / 10. There was obviously a lot of soul and humor put into the game by the designers, but the joke goes a bit too far as the game forces upon you hundreds of tedious random encounters, slow-paced dungeons, and unfairly-hidden secrets. The first hour of the game is decent as a work of satire, but everything after that gets tiring fast. Recommended only for the patient.(It’s about 5 hours to fully complete for an achievement hunter, but be warned: if you’re going for 100%, you might want to forego the blind playthrough and keep an eye on the guide from the start, since the game gives no indication of which collectables you’ve found already. If you’re not careful, you might have to play the game twice.)"
,Recommended,233470,9028381,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Ecto Emeritus,"Evoland is one of the best games I've played in a long time. A good, interactive history of the evolution of RPG's told with a flair and a slew of references make this an incredibly charming experience from beginning to end. Even if you aren't interested in the history the game itself is a colorful fun experience that will at least bring a grin to your face as you follow Clink and Kaeris on their adventure to restore their land to its former glory."
,Not Recommended,233470,8808497,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,I can't beat the tutorial,"The start of this game feels very exciting and promising but it's really just a tonne of wasted potential at almost every corner in this game, which left me feeling very uncomfortable with how little this game managed to pull off in the meager 3 hours of gameplay it offers. I'm not sure if the developers got lazy or just ran out of funding/time but it feels like something went seriously wrong less than half way through the game.The creators made some fairly decent engines for each 'era'/'genre' but ultimately they failed to maximise on anything other than a few gimmicks and some braindead puzzles.Check it out if it's ever 75% off again, otherwise don't bother wasting your time or your money."
76561198077365666,Recommended,233470,7796272,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Lorundir,"I was disappointed by the short length of the game. When it started out it was great and had an awesome premise, but quickly started to go downhill once the graphics in the 'small' overworld updated to 3d. I found myself aghast at the short ending. I wouldn't buy it if you have a choice."
,Recommended,233470,8989838,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Hyperchaotic,"Awesome indie RPG made in retro-style. It can shows us the history of gaming evolution, really. You will be surprised."
,Recommended,233470,811625,"Posted: 5 April, 2013",all,mark | dj.,"Evoland is an original game, with a great idea, but to be honest, it doesn't really work as a game, no matter how small or big it is.It starts off brilliant, in black and white old school 2D. Opening treasure chests grants you access to other features, features frequently seen in other RPGs, like 3D mode, loot and NPCs. That all sounds amazing, right ? It is, but the game lets you unlock all the features way too soon. Halfway through (the game lasts about 3 hours, 5 hours max if you want to collect everything) you've seen everything there is and the game starts focusing on the story (if you can call it a story). I was a bit disappointed by that, because the things that made the game so original became unoriginal and uninspired near the end. The random battles were especially starting to annoy me, since it triggers every few seconds and it's not always clear where to go. Like I said, it's something you see a lot in other RPGs, but in Evoland it backfires. A 3 hour game shouldn't become boring that soon.Get it when it's on sale. Because even though it isn't the best game out there, the idea behind it is good and should be witnessed by others.[Rating: 66/100]"
,Not Recommended,233470,30698420,Posted: 23 March,all,reedoo,"So I played got this thinking it would be one part nostalgia mixed with one part comedy and perhaps a few other elements. Instead it is five parts boring with one part nostalgia. So once you have clicked through the ""eras"" of video games it falls flat very fast and is just boring. Gimmick game. Not worth it."
,Not Recommended,233470,8190695,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,NekoiNemo,"Total waste of money. Game was charming and fun at first, until it showed it true colors. Whole game is just bunch of most annoying thing in RPG history glued together. You hate fetch quests where you need to walk (very slowly - no running in this game) across the town like 5 times? Lucky you - there is one here just for you! Or maybe you hate random battles what happen literally every two steps? Well, as soon as game introduces FF mechanics you will be forced to play one of 3-4 random battles every freaking step you take. And let's not even start about battles! Every FF-style battle in the game can be easily won by attacking as boy and healing as girl. You literally win every battle by just mashing A (with one down press when girl is active to switch from useless ""attack"" to the ""magic""). And did i mention that most of the game you will fight with 4 types of enemies in 1 of 10 packs? That's it. And you'll do it for 3-4 hours. And yes, there is 3D battles... But let's not talk about it, especially the boss battle. This is just too sad. Let's just say that 3D collision detecting is awful and buggy as hell."
76561198019838969,Recommended,233470,32938265,Posted: 28 June,all,Chief Of Oakland,"Amazing idea, Not that well executed. Fun at times. Buy it on sale."
,Recommended,233470,8841604,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Migs,"If you want a nice 'throwback to the JRPG's of yore' game, then Evoland is for you!Gameplay is quite interesting, going down the Audio and Visual Advancements in games since 1980 till about 1998+-.My only gripe with the game would be the PRICE of $10 for a fairly short game of about 6 hours or so.If thats no problem for you, go right ahead.Otherwise, wait for it to be on sale. I bought mine for $2.49.There is no New Game +, this may be a turn off for some people."
,Recommended,233470,23646793,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Wolf,"A great but somewhat short RPG for all the fans of the genre out there from all the different decades.So many nods to other RPG's that we all know and love on some level, some subtle, some not so much.Despite its short playabilty and lack of replay value, this title is worth a look, I wouldn't pick it up unless it was in a sale however.I personally 100% cleared all the game had to offer in 11 hours, if you play it more casually and don't go for every single unlock in the game it might be a few hours shorter.Despite this, its still a great game, I look forward to playing the next one when the time comes."
,Recommended,233470,12455600,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,LuxAeterna,"Evoland isawesome.  It starts off in monochrome, original Gameboy graphics and--through in-game actions--gradually becomes a 3D, high-def game with dynamic lighting.  There are homages toThe Legend of Zelda,Final Fantasy,Super Mario Brothers,Dragon Quest,Diablo, even the Terry Pratchett ""Discworld"" series is given a nod.  This game is short, but it is fun and is very well done.  I recommend Evoland to anyone, but especially those who have lived through the evolution of video gaming and can appreciate seeing the technology's emulated evolution as you play."
76561198004382772,Not Recommended,233470,23876130,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Chiken,"The price is low and so should your expectations be.The game is both short & misleading to some extent. By the looks of the teasers you get the expression that this game will take you through a journey through the evolution of gaming from the first console till current time tech.""Well how bad could it be"" you might ask? Lets put it this way; You bought some chips, but you quickly realize theres nothing inside. Happy times.First of all. The whole evolution process happens within a blink of a moment. Some minutes of gameplay and you're already ""HD"". Your Chiwawa was sleeping on your bed, you went to grab some water and by the time you got back your dog is suddenly a St. Bernad.-Oh boy! What awaits you now that the whole point of the game has happend and you just started?-Compressed levels inspried by the early Legend of Zelda games, but it just doesnt feel right. Why? Because they tried making their own type LoZ. How did it go? Toilet!But it gets better! Suddenly you get to do turn based combat. Horray!.. Waite... Why is the only ability i have called attack..? Thats right! No abilities, only ""chop-chop"" becuase who likes variarity!?And so it goes for roughly two to three hours cause that's how long it takes to beat this game. You can add an additional hour or two if you wish to do a 100% run.Games are supposed to give you a good time & make the time fly. This game, on the other hand, tortures you while you're playing the game.Why should you buy this game?You get to (barely) play the game in classic/ old fashion style..You see some familiarity with other great games (Legend of Zelda, Final Fantasy ect).A somewhat feeling of nostalgia.Why should you buy that bag of chips instead?You're not going to get what you think you're getting.Very Short game.There's no variarity in the game.The bag of chips does infact have chips inside of it.Do yourself a favour and buy yourself that bag with chips instead of investing here."
,Not Recommended,233470,15568897,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Arrohon,"The first 30 minutes to an hour are great. Afterwards, you can put it down. It tries to have a story, which pathetically weak. In summary, bad stuff is apparantly happening, though it's hard to actually tell anything is wrong. A few hours in, you find the bad guy. You immediately go to another place where you face him, and the game is over. That's the plot. None of this is in the early part of the game, and that's fine. You're too busy getting frequent upgrades to the graphics, sound, gameplay, and the UI. Unfortunately, this means there are few left to find for the majority of the game. In one dungeon, you transition from top-down Zelda style gameplay to Diablo. This even includes equipment which do absolutely nothing to your character. Oh, and this system is completely gone after that dungeon. There's no real reason why. The final boss is fought back in the top-down Zelda style, but performs quite poorly. You're stuck with 3 hearts, no manner of pausing, and you can only use your sword instead of bombs or a bow. Those upgrades you found throughout the game? Can't use them for absolutely no reason. Not even a BS reason like dropping them. You just can't. The boss is simple, but inconsistent in movement. This is compounded with framerate issues that I didn't have until that fight. It's frustrating to have a small opening to attack, but the framerate jumped, so you broke a sprinting record.I loved the concept and was hooked from the start...until they made it clear that this 3 or so hour game was made by people with only 30 minutes of good ideas."
,Not Recommended,233470,16610725,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,atonement,"Evoland is a frustrating experience. Many reviews already cover problems with Evoland's execution, but several problems that affected me include:Two types of collectibles, stars and cards. Understandably, there is no record of which stars you have collected, but there is no reason why there should not be a record of the cards you have collected, as they are used to play an in-game card game.Immensely high frequency random encounters. An extremely poor game design choice, the random encounters occur after no more than 5 seconds of walking in the overworld and take a long time to either fight or run from.Sub-par saving system. While it can be an important part of the design of a game when saves are allowed, Evoland does not seem to be a game that aims to punish you through lack of saves, yet it does. Namely, on one of the mid-game bosses you can die on the way back to town after his defeat, which is entirely possible if you simply try to run from fights on your way back to town due to the aforementioned high frequency encounters (as one may very well do, as the game is rather boring anyway). After dying on the way back to town you will find yourself having to repeat the boss battle. As the battle is one where you are scripted to die, you will try to just die as fast as possible until you find out that you actually had to make it rather far in the battle before you die or you get a game over screen instead of story progression. Frustration thereby abounds. Honestly, the save system is adequate enough in any location except this particular boss, but is aggravating enough on that boss to have warranted a large chunk of this write-up.Very possible to softlock your game. As happened to me, it's not difficult to land the airship you get for overworld transportation towards the end of the game (which finally bypasses the random encounters!) in an area where you can no longer get back into the ship. Not a deal breaker if it was only a luxury, but it is actually required to make it to the final boss.Ultimately, this game does do a bit of what it aimed in terms of telling a tale of the history of video games, at least in the RPG genre, but several major errors with design really make it an overall unpleasant experience. For those looking at Evoland for a 100% achievement game, it will likely not be the most fun you've had perfecting games, but you will find it managable in about five hours if you remember to keep track or remember the locations of the stars and cards you have collected."
76561198070655443,Not Recommended,233470,9763365,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Luluw~,"I cannot comprehend the fact that this game was sold ten euros/dollars.I'll explain ; to me, this game is very fun at first and is a good way to learn more about how video games evolved. It's also funny in some little references to other games or persons from the video game and internet culture. Though positive points about this game end here.First of all, as I said, the price ; for a game 3-4 hours long, ten euros is too much. For the same price you'll find games like Terraria on which you'll spend hundreds of hours. Spot the difference.Then, what shocked me the most is the complete lack of personnality of that game ; it looks like Shiro Games wanted to put as many references as possible, so much that there is nothing in this game who makes it stand out from others, apart from the obvious fact that you evolve across history (though it IS fun and kind of addicting at first, it quickly gets completely useless). The gameplay has nothing special (since it's just a copy and paste of other games, with all the actual interesting stuff gone), the characters are plain annoying, moving around is painfully slow, and... Good lord, can this game be more boring? In fact, it feels more like a very long tutorial then an actual game, and I think that's what makes it the exact contrary of fun. Past the very first zones, you quickly start thinking ""Hey, when's the true game gonna start?"", and all you get is a very synthetic and really bad version of good gameplays, which you don't even have time to enjoy.Apart from the failed gameplay, the thing that angried me the most is THE FINAL BOSS. As of now, this is the worst final boss I've ever seen, adding a huge difficulty spike right at the end for free and gratuitous rage. Three phases, all more and more horribly, ridiculously, horrendously annoying, for a disappointing end. After a game full of video game puns, you'd expect a little cutscene, something to make you feel AT LEAST like you've achieved something, even if it contains a terrible joke.. Too bad ; you get nothing but credits. Thanks for the effort.As a rating, I won't recommend this game. Or at least not when it's at full price ; it'll keep you from extreme boredom for a few hours. Though seriously, at the same price? Read a book. You'll have more fun than in this insipid game."
,Recommended,233470,23032082,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Etherios,"Let me start by saying this game is pretty excellent, though it has some design errors that are kinda exasperating.The game is awesome in doing what it wants, giving you nostalgia and making you remember the good old days of your childhood!The errors in design (like asking you to complete a collection of cards but showing you only X/23 instead of which cards you are missing or earning) are pretty hurtful.However the concept of this game is pure awesomeness.I personally, who would like to make my own videogames someday, enjoyed the mechanic of progression in game a lot.7.5/10 Has some flaws by trying to keep it simple but the concept is pretty awesome and its shortness allows you to not get frustrated that much by its flaws."
76561198098385962,Recommended,233470,12011869,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Satamer,"Strong Points:Brilliant conceptNice gameplay changesGood audioGood graphicsNice story with some laughsLots of action stylesDouble Twin is funNostalgia is certainWeak Points:Too shortSave points are too few and far betweenNot enough content (items, upgrades)Jumps between ideasCan sometimes get repetitiveCould be more genres they could exploreRating: 76%For full review check out the link below:http://gamesappsandreviews.blogspot.com/2013/09/review-no45-evoland-pc.html"
,Recommended,233470,12517276,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,matticitt,"It's a great game. Sure, at the end it's a little bit repetitive but this whole gimmick of playing through different advancements in gaming from simple side-scrollers to fully fledged 3d games is enjoyable and fun. It's not long - which is a good thing with that game actually - but still quite original and just a great way to kill some time. Maybe not worth 9,99 but If there's a sale I'd suggest giving it a chance. Oh, and music is great! 7/10"
,Recommended,233470,10269435,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,BlubbIS,"fun, unorthodox and relaxing :)"
76561198067013037,Not Recommended,233470,22225695,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Derp Mc.Derpface,"A journey through the history of RPG's. The Idea is interesting, but unfortunately not enough is done with the concept.  The game is repetitive & eventually boring. The cardinal sin however, is the throwaway story. Sure, you can argue this is done for the sake of parody, but even than the game underneath should at least be passable. Evoland is only 3 à 4 hours long, but most of it was highly forgettable."
,Recommended,233470,29613929,Posted: 31 January,all,Tomiply,"Evoland is a fun little RPG where you collect upgrades that, well, upgrade the graphics and technology of the game. It's fun, but the music and gameplay is a bit repetitive. Bosses aren't that fun, but some puzzles can be good. I mostly recommend this game because of the changing artstyles and features. Get it during a sale, I say."
,Recommended,233470,2304484,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,XDeadzX,"If you played through the gaming age so far, you'll more than likely like this game.  It's a mixture of Zelda new and old, and the entire Final Phantasy series.  Even a little bit of Ys.  Evoland includes a small bit of everything in the RPG series from NES to playstation 2.  It even includes a little bit of the hardware side in way of virtual hardware upgrades (ie. better graphics, better dvd drives, upgraded soundcards...)  Evoland is a overall decent game well worth a it's short play through time.Combat wise you start in a top down Zelda/Ys style gameplay, hacking and slashing mobs away.  You then transition into Final Fantasy style combat (turnbased with similar menus) and then into newer age Zelda gameplay.  It's very fluid in doing so as well.Graphics slowly upgrade throughout the game from simple 8 bit, to 16 bit, to 32 bit 2D, to 32 bit 2.5d (prerendered backdrops), and lastly to 32 bit full 3d.  It transitions fluidly and even lets you head back into previous areas to experience them in their updated new age qualities.The game is rather enjoyable, being someone who's played through the original games it's mimicking.  My younger sibling who hasn't played much any of them didn't enjoy it however.  No word on their review though.  However, being that I've enjoyed it, you can expect 3-5 hours of gameplay out of it, more if you want to get all the achievements and items.If you've played the games it mimics, I highly recommend picking it up on sale, if not outright."
,Recommended,233470,8492151,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Daouzin,A short and sweet game that makes you nostalgic for the early PS One era.
,Recommended,233470,17575898,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,[CPC] Froh,"A rather short game filled with nostalgic references to numerous RPG.+ Lot of hiddens things to find (some are kinda hidden too well).+ Various combats systems...- ...Even if the random ones on the map can be a bit boring after a while.+ The puzzle are interesting.+ Graphics and music are really good.- The final boss is a total ♥♥♥♥♥. (and the clunky save system force you to fight him again after you complete game)For the small price thought, I recommend this game."
76561198149177324,Recommended,233470,17495899,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Optimist Cryst,"A, very short, game about the evolution of adventure games (literally!) that is inspired by Legend of Zelda, Final Fantasy VII, and a sliver of  a certain card game (it's a small part of the game). While a short game with about 4 or 5 hours of game time if you collect everything and get all the achievements, it's still a nice game that changes visuals from the beginning to about halfway through the game.Should be picked up when on sale just because its short, but it isn't too bad a game."
,Recommended,233470,28597830,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Foggy Dreamer,"Journey from humble NES/Gameboy pixels all the way to Playstation/PS1 3D graphics. Revisit old school gameplay lifted from games such as The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening, Final Fantasy VI/VII and Diablo.Instead of a traditional RPG, Evoland feels more like an interactive history field trip for classic RPGs. Recommend it for older gamers who experienced firsthand the major video gaming shifts of the 90s.Note that this is definitely a poor choice for younger gamers unless they have a taste for retro gaming."
76561198078048528,Recommended,233470,8371502,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Dom,"Evoland is a walk down memory lane for anyone who has played a flurry of early adventure and rpg games. The game mimics styles of black and white, limited color, turn based battle, & real time battle games. It cycles you through these game types in an attempt to display a timeline of the evolution of these games. Through style or substance you may find Evoland ""winking at you"" and reminding you of past gaming experiences. Near the end of the game you may find yourself searching through the various evolutions of gameplay in order to achieve a higher completion level of the game.Evoland offers real time battles and turn based battles. The real time battles can be frustrating at times and the turn based battles seem lackluster in a game with so few items and so little to gain from turn based combat. The game is fairly short but can be adequately drawn out by collecting all the cards and stars. All in all Evoland offers a unique experience but may end up making you yearn for a more complete version of one of its styles of gameplay rather than the game itself as a whole."
,Recommended,233470,11168488,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Unity,"Evoland is game about the history of action-adventure games, with a few RPG elements mixed in.The game starts as a simple, black and white, 8-bit adventure, but as you progress, you gain more elements such as music, color, 32-bit graphics, and overworld, turn-based-battles, and other elements of action-adventure games. This is by far my favorite part of the game, it's fun, humorous, and is reminiscent of early NES-SNES games. More things elements pile on, such as a partner, NPCs, shops, and currency.Eventually you gain the third dimension. However, that is when I feel the game takes the most risks, and also the experience starts to dampen. The first official dungeon in the third dimension is frustrating, the combat is slow and ineffective at some points, requiring you to run away, or face having to start over the dungeon. This is probably the most frustrating part of the game, but alas, you get to the boss. The boss is unexpectedly difficult for first-time players. Afterwards, you re-emerge in a new area of the overworld, with new enemies, and HD graphics.After this, the experience is still slowly dampening.. There is a small required side quest. If you bought an item called the ""Fast CD player"", this side-quest is much less time-wasting. Without it, the game creates fake loading screens that are nothing but unnecessary.  After this, you access two of my favorite areas of the game, an area where you use crystals to change from 2-D to 3-D, which works as a time puzzle. In this area you gain the bow, which is very useful here, but not anywhere else.Afterwards, we visit an area which both parodies Diablo and useless items in video games, such as an item that grants +300% damage to walls. Around here I should mention the humor. Evoland, is a very witty game. Making lots of jokes and some of its areas are parodies of other games.  I should also mention that whenever you gain an element, a small text box appears and says a short joke, or a relating commentary of some video games.The final boss is interesting; it uses mechanics of other games, and puts them into one boss. However, one flaw with this fight is your character's speed. At every other areas in the game, your speed is perfectly fine, but here, you sometimes make the fight too easy or too hard.There is one minigame, Double Twin, which I find to be great fun, it is a card game, requiring you to use the cards you have found all through the game. Double Twin has around 4 levels, which are all different in their own way, with the opponent using a different deck of cards every time.I feel lke $10 is a little much for a 4 hour game, but the creators did go for quality and humor for the entirety of Evoland. It is a fun game, I actually recently finished my second playthrough, which I felt was more of an achievement run. The game does have its flaws, but it also has its great moments. Evoland earns a 7/10."
,Recommended,233470,9930499,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Nori Nori,"Short but fun game. Evoland brings a lot of references of popular j-rpg games. But if you don't enjoy or don't ever played j-rpgs, there's nothing to see in this game."
,Recommended,233470,12015097,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,PrauD,"Great game that allows you to really understand the evolution of RPG's. The story is generic and the Diablo II portion of the game is far too short in my belief, otherwise I would play it again! Beat it in under 2hr's, I think this game is worth what I paid (2.50$)."
76561198081371819,Recommended,233470,23356586,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Lycurgess,"Fun unique little game.I could see it being less enjoyable if you didnt grow up through the 80's and 90's, and the progression of game graphics.Still think its fun though."
,Recommended,233470,9601398,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,silveracex,"This game will hit you right in the nostalgia. Although short and simple, if you have enjoyed Legend of Zelda, Final Fantasy, Chrono Trigger and such, you will find yourself smiling quite a lot during this game as you journey through the evolution of the RPGs that we have all grown up with. I enjoyed it."
,Recommended,233470,8668190,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Ducks on Quack,Great game but very short
,Recommended,233470,9772565,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,NovaAteBatman,"Absolutely love this game. I know it's been getting a lot of hate, but I think the people that end up not liking it are expecting too much from it.I'm having a real blast playing it. It's like a history of gaming through the advancements of technology. And while the upgrading style does change and becomes more oriented towards certain more specific parts of the game it resembles during that stage, it's still great and fun.Also, it IS controller compatible, but you have to do a little tinkering to get it to work.I highly recommend it."
76561197977511289,Recommended,233470,8400388,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Montanafury,"I'm normally too lazy to rate games, but for this one I'll make an exception.This game brings me back to my childhood. And the great part is...I'm talking my ENTIRE childhood. I cut my teeth on games like these. If you grew up with NES/SNES/PS1 you'll find the nostalgia perfect. The cheeky references are on point. I wouldn't call the game hilarious...but I chuckled several times at references harking back to decades past.9/10 will recommend to all of my friendsP.S. It's easily gamepad compatible, so that adds an even greater nostalgia point!"
,Recommended,233470,8576529,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,[RF]Smidge,"Even though this is a short game, it is fun because it brings back so many memories of the old days.From the original gameboy quality all the way to PS2 style graphics.This game can be considered to be an historical overview of how far RPG's have come."
,Recommended,233470,8395718,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Appelsaefty,"RECOMMENDED WHEN ON SALE!A game with a concept that really took my attention. I didn't see anything comparable and I had fun playing it.This interesting concept is is developing way too fast, though, as in about 90 minutes there's nothing left to upgrade. It could have been MUCH MUCH better, yet it was released way too early as a small game.As mentioned before, this game was fun to play, but only because I bought it when it was here for 2,49€. For this price, I#d give this game about 70/100, the original price of 9,99€ deserved a 25 out of 100."
76561197991461038,Not Recommended,233470,10226182,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,griaule,"Evolution of JRPG from point of view of US is main concept of this game.The concept is very interesting, but this game failed to realization.Why did this game mix FF and Zelda? They are another species, it's like confusing with the dog and cat.Why did this game implement ""HD-UI"" before ""Pre-rendering graphics""?Why did this game start by monochrome graphics?  First zelda is colored.Why did this game take Diablo-style? ""Hack & Slash"" style like Diablo is not typical style of JRPG. If this game's purpose is follow all RPG, this game lose Ultima/Wizardry/Dungeon Master/Rogue/Might and Magic/And more.But, the above dissatisfaction is trivial.The biggest problem of this game is ""boring"".In FF-like part, ATB is very simple. You can win the enermy just to select 'Atack' and 'Heal'. (MP is no limit.) Strategy has been lacking this game. In addition it, In this game, frequency to encounter the enemy is very high!Zelda-like part is just deterioration version of zelda. I got flustrated by slow speed of walking. There is an excellent idea only one, that is ""switching 2D-3D"". But, that is very small part of this game.If you have strong nostalgia for JRPG, I wouldn't stop you to buy this game.But, you should be prepared to boring."
,Recommended,233470,24161902,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Morasta,"Fantastic low commitment RPG that will hook you and keep you playing until the end. Full of humor and references to other games. Not very long, took me ~4-5 hours to complete, but I enjoyed every minute. The beginning and middle are stronger than the end, but that didn't detract from an overall great experience. Pick it up during a sale and you won't regret it."
,Recommended,233470,18792662,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Artibius,"PROS:+ cool concept of various gameplay styles, including puzzles+ cute, but rehashed, story+ fun card mini-game & boss fights+ many collectiblesCONS:- rehashed, but cute, story- too many random encounters- limited enemy varietyComment:A cool concept about how RPG design moved on throughout the years, with also showing some repetitive game parts that were rightfully left in the past. Story is intetionally combined from various games but is cute enough to be good. Fighting is mediocre, except the boss fights which are fun.Also the card mini-game was fun and actually it's bound to how you look for cards in the world. Evoland is good at showing history of RPG evolution, however it adds nothing extra.------------------------------------------------------------------If you liked this review you can find more on theCurator pageor in myReview Corner."
,Recommended,233470,25343268,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Brocolli,"A unique RPG displaying the evolution of rpg games, but how does the game stand alone as an rpgPros:+Shows evolution of RPG games through chests containing items, ui, music, graphics+Short enough to not become tedious+Puzzles+Secrets to search for+Music+Art design+MinigameCons:-Basic mechanics-Has elements from most RPGs, but doesn't do any of them very well-Random encounters every 3 steps-Generic storyA good concept for a game, however very basic mechanics, story and gameplay leave a potentially great game to be underwhelming. If you have the money it is worth trying but don't expect an rpg on the levels of final fantasy6/10"
76561197993882442,Recommended,233470,12019281,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Lone Wolf,If you enjoy looking at how far gaming has come then this game is for you.As it shows you what we used to play back in the 90s all they way to now.the story is a bit slow at the start as well there is no story at the start you have to find the chest to unlock the story as it wasn't released yet lol.My only negative thing besides he instant deaths at the start is how fast you go through each  how do I say it game style  some sections i felt we could of stayed at a bit longer just to make us apperacate it  like I had black and white and five minutes into the game i had colour
,Recommended,233470,12023031,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Dusk,"evoland - Evolution of  Graphic. Awesome exploration game. Some of things in the game reminds you of something in nintendo such as zelda, mario, etc.  Everyone should try this game!"
76561197993309645,Recommended,233470,8539128,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Umboito,"All in all this was a fun trip down memory lane. It basically plays like a mix of Zelda and Final Fantasy IV/VII, with a quick nod to Diablo for one dungeon. I liked it a lot. The only things I had issues with were the inventory being basically pointless (I would have liked to see which cards I had collected) and the frequency of random battles is ridiculously high. I mean, you finish them quick anyway, but it was all the damn time.Would definitely recommend to any fans of old RPGs or adventure games."
76561197994500508,Recommended,233470,21818800,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Zen,"A fun little indie game that wasn't afraid to try something new and succeed.This is an action/adventure RPG game, so if you're not a fan of that then this game isn't for you. It's also a retro AND modern game!When you start off the game, everything is 8-bit. The graphics, the sounds, the music, etc. In fact, when you start the game you don't even have that much. You don't even have music or vertical movement. But as you progress (and very quickly.. but not too quickly) you start unlocking and discovering ""upgrades"" which improves the world around you. This game pretty much starts you in the 1980s of gaming and walks you through 30 years of gaming evolution without breaking the storyline or making the game feel awkward. The experience was incorporated into the game very cleanly.A small but very unique and fun RPG."
76561197977314227,Not Recommended,233470,16840068,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,GRAPE,"Evoland is a $2 mobile game being sold for $10 on steam. Great idea, boring execution. You can see everything worth seeing by just watching the trailer."
76561198049790538,Recommended,233470,9880612,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Farlander,"DISCLAIMER: This is a repost from my blog atwww.stanislavcostiuc.com. I don't write reviews. I write opinion and impressions pieces, meaning the detalization may vary from just general feelings about a game to indepth critique of particular game mechanics. Read if you're interested to know if I like a game or not (and for what reasons), which parts intrigue me and which parts push me away, but don't expect in-depth description of all gameplay and systems. Thank you.From the very moment I pressed ‘New Game’, I fell in love with Evoland. It’s a game that integrates evolution of the action/adventure, RPG and JRPG genres in its mechanics, starting out with a GameBoy black and white Zelda-like experience and ending with a full-fledged 3D boss battle. It’s simply amazing. But.It doesn’t really hold up as a game that well. Ironic, isn’t it? It’s a great, and, most importantly, niche experience. If you’ve played video games for the past 15-20 years at the least, or you were/are interested in a lot of old games before your time, I think you’ll find this nostalgic trip quite enjoyable. I mean, come on, you get to buy an upgrade that removes CD loading times (that were indeed put on purpose) from the PlayStation era locations. How cool is that?But the game is very basic. It’s got mechanics from Zelda, Final Fantasy and Diablo, and they all, while present a solid foundation, don’t have much depth to them. There are clever moments, don’t get me wrong, and the part where you time travel between Old and New graphics has got to be the most enjoyable section of the game, but it doesn’t feel enough. The soundtrack is really cool though, and game-related humor is amazing.Still, this brings up an interesting question. Does a game need to have flawless mechanics that do not get old quickly to truly enjoy it? Perhaps that’s a topic that requires a more detailed discussion later. But at least in case of Evoland, I can honestly say – no. No it doesn’t. I loved every second of it."
,Recommended,233470,15194955,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,AquaDucki,"Evoland is a great adventure game and must buy on sale. The game starts with a 8bit character and through the game you will ""develop the game"" to a 3D world.Evoland is a mix between Zelda, Diablo, Final Fantasy and Pokemon. I personally think that it was a good idea to melt the different games into one, as it provides a better experience. The game was really fun to complete, it had good graphic, an excellent history and some interesting characters.Cons: There may be an error called ""(null): TypeError: error#1006 (null):1368x768,"" which will be stuck on your screen until you restart the game.9.5/10"
,Recommended,233470,26307434,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Major Asshole,"Very unique, but short.  Would definately suggest buying though."
76561197972770812,Recommended,233470,8538076,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Jason,Great little game that will take you back to the good old days
,Recommended,233470,7908444,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,UFOboy,"A wonderful game, fun, interesting, pretty(Most of the time. Gets ugly for a bit then you upgrade the graphics again and it's better). Has a few issues however...-Pros-1: Lots of hidden stuff and the game within the game is cool and meta.2: Upgrading the game as the story progresses is interesting.3: Cute story... once you unlock it.4: Humor that makes you grin and sometimes laugh.5: Pleasant puzzles... not hard... but fun little thoughts.6: Pretty in every form but one.-Cons-1: Too short... noticable because how fun it is. Nine dollars and ninty-nine cents worth of adventure if you go after collectables. Not a cent more included.2: TOO many random encounters in the field without them being unique enough to be worth my time.3: Too linear. After a while i was hoping for a ""Side Quests Unlocked!"" or ""Branching Plot!"" but nope.4/5 then you hit the end and realize the fun has stopped and it drops a point. Worth the buy for the interesting concept and fun by itself. Main problem is there wasn't MORE of it in many ways.3/5"
,Recommended,233470,12046971,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Toxic League,"Evoland showcases a pretty cool transformation of graphical evolution for 2D, 2.5D, and 3D adventure games. The evolution element is put together well and feels quite fluid and natural as the game progresses. The 8-bit music and different combat styles also brought back some memories of days gone by. The gameplay actually feels a lot like DLC Quest where you open new chests to unlock new graphics and abilities, the early ones being almost trivial. Beyond those aspects, the rest of the game is fairly boring and unoriginal, although it was worth one playthrough."
76561198043792332,Recommended,233470,8173290,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,HeartlessKatana,A fun return to classic RPGs with a twist. Enjoying it so far; it might just be worth your time.
,Not Recommended,233470,6257565,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,RyanYes,"Starting as a 1995 Game Boy Color style game, Evoland transforms into a 3D full-fledged open world RPG with the help of a couple of chests and upgrades. Seriously, they change the whole game, literally.Fun at first, but soon traps you in an endless loop of ""Where do I go?"", and ""This again?"".Collecting everything is a pain too, so I wouldn't recommend trying to do that on your first playthrough.The cards are a waste of time and the stars give me no motivation to try to collect 'em all.Short and kind of innovative, but after you upgrade to the 3D RPG, it falls flat."
76561197978999239,Recommended,233470,7817127,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Robert Loblaw,"This game is pretty fun. I have played 2.2hrs so far and like the classic feel of it. The game changes as you play more. It has a mix of Zelda, Final Fantasy and I am sure some other games that I can't remember off the top of my head. I picked this game up on sale and I am glad I did. It has been in my wishlist for sometime. I know this isn't a good review but I really like this game. It is a pretty simple game to pick and play."
,Not Recommended,233470,9763166,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Siege,"While clever at times, it has its head stuck up its own♥♥♥♥♥when it comes to the jokes and tropes in RPGs and runs them into the ground. Enabling random encounters is one thing. Making them literally every 5-10 steps on the overworld is another. The turn-based combat is shallower than the first FF entries, and the adventure combat is a step down from LoZ: A Link to the Past. After two hours, I grew tired of it and have no intention of coming back."
76561198042603695,Not Recommended,233470,15353384,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Edge of Orbos,Linux users do not buy this game. It does not run properly. I just get a black window.
,Recommended,233470,26569134,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,[LUE] TormakSaber,"A relatively short romp through a game full of various artistic styles and JRPG cliches, shamelessly taking wholesale from retro games. The game exchanges depth for breadth, choosing to give you lots of new systems to make up for no one system having a great deal of complexity. The game is short enough to where none of it wears on too long, and if you're an avid fan of JRPGs, you'll probably catch every tongue in cheek reference along the way. For some, it could wear thing, but it didn't for me, so I had a good time with it. Your mileage may vary. The game is fun enough, but the plot is thin and serves more as a parody of RPGs than a story in its own right.Was pleasantly surprised by one particular segment towards the end of the game that gave a dramatic shift in game style for the area, and was a great change of pace.Music direction was not great for me. It felt very repetitive and monotonous, and I found myself tiring of it very quickly. It, along with the simplistic combat, and the irritation of hitboxes in the ""zelda"" sections were my main flaws I found with the game.Would recommend on sale."
,Recommended,233470,9099656,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Roahn,"Welcome to Evoland! The story a boy who starts off in the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 2D evironments. But as he evolves, so does the world.First let me tell you what this game is:This game is for fans of Zelda and Final Fantasy type RPG's. It basically shows the evolution of RPG's, and how they start boring and 2D, to a great 3D environment. In this review I'll be giving the brief description, plot, creativity, graphics, sound, who's it good for, how enjoyable it is and the verdict. Each part of the review I will rate it out of 10 and then at the verdict, I'll give the overall score which will be an average.Description:Title: EvolandRating: Not RatedPlatform: PCGenre: RPGPlot:Now like I said, this game shows the evolution of RPG's though still has a plot. You start of waking up and exploring the land. As this is the evolution of RPG's, this game starts off 2D and black and white. But that soon changes to colour, then 8 square movement, then soon 3D, and HD. I love the idea of that. Everytime you open the chest a new improvement happens to the game. But as you trek further into the game, you'll realise that some of these upgrades you were given, were given way too early. And by the end of the game there's barely any chests. The plot is about a boy who finds out that he is the key to saving the world of Evoland and treches through the small villages and the tricky dungeons. Thats all there really is about the plot. There is a little bit of twists and turns but not a lot to make me like the plot. What did make me keep playing was how every chest I opened I was excited to see what happened to the game. But as their are fewer chests later during the game its hard to keep playing.5/10Creativity:Well, this game is centered around the evolution of RPG games, as a video game! Hell, the game ain't perfect but this idea is EPIC!10/10Graphics:Yes, this game starts off with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics. buts its supposed to give ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics to tell you how RPG's were back then. But as you open more chests, the game turns more modern and just the same to the graphics. The graphics are pretty good though there are some frame rate drops.7/10Sound:I haven't played this game in a while, so I can't remember the music that much, but all RPG's are expected great music. Now this music is pretty good, but, (yes I know this is an indie game) compared to other RPG's, the music stands nowhere near.6/10Who would like this game?This game incorparates two of the most famous RPG styles. Adventure and turn-based. When I mean adventure I mean Zelda style. And when I mean turn-based I mean Final Fantasy style. Now this game incorporates both, (and a bit of puzzles too), to make a pretty good game. Though who is it good for? Well if you don't like RPG's then you'll hate this game. But if you like RPG's, definitely try this. Its nowhere near those great RPG games like Pokemon, Zelda, Final Fantasy, Skyrim. But you will be satisfyed, Definetely if you are curious on how RPG games evolved. But like I said, if you dont like RPG's, don't even consider this game.How enjoyable is this game?This game is best enjoyable at the start, definitely at the start, its so fun adventuring, waiting for the other chest and then the how screen just turns into something different. The end can get quite bland though as nothing new comes and it gets really boring. I have to admit, I haven't finished the final boss fight. I just can't be stuffed.5/10Verdict:Fans of RPG games will like this. There are some downfalls, but the start will suck you in and I hope that you do play it, even if you can't be stuffed playing the end.Plot: 5/10Creativity: 10/10Graphics: 7/10Sound: 6/10Enjoyability: 5/10OVERALL: Buy this game only if your sure you will like it (6.6/10)"
,Not Recommended,233470,745260,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,TerminalHunter,"Not worth it. Endless series of very boring puzzles and repetitive fight scenes  punctuated by occasional references to better games you could be playing instead. Nice idea, terrible implementation."
,Not Recommended,233470,9379868,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Zxoran,"An incredibly interesting concept that ultimately flops on its face. Play your way through an evolving game world that begins as basic as an NES game and ends up as advanced as an NES game with the graphics of a playstation 1 game. Combat evolves from basic ""press A to slash your sword"" into final fantasy style turn based combat that that boils down to ""press A to slash your sword...on your turn"". The story offers no explanation as to the changing game landscape and playstyle and opts for a trope heavy ""evil wizard in a dark tower torturing the countryside"" plot that really adds nothing to keep you invested in playing the game. I had to muscle hard to pay attention through just a few hours of gameplay. It seems like the developers got so excited to run with their core idea of an evolving playstyle game that they ran right past the part of development where they make the game fun or interesting beyond the original idea.The only potentially redeeming quality is if you are an extremely nostalgic person who misses playing great NES, SNES and PS1 games and wants to tumble through those same types of games without having to worry about becoming emotionally invested in characters, environment, story, or even exciting or challenging gameplay. But if you wanted to do that then your time would really be better spent on playing one of those older games instead, cause this will leave you yawning instead of satisfied."
76561198069820343,Not Recommended,233470,22711439,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Beedle,"Its super fun at first. You get that adventure feeling. But once you step foot into the most ""realistic"" or ""recent"" part of the game, it goes from a 9 or 8, to a 1 or 0. Its SUPER redundent and has that feeling (at the end) where you feel that putting the game down and just watching a video of the boss would have been more fun."
,Not Recommended,233470,23972706,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,🦌 Magic Pissile 🦌,i swear the enemy rate in the RPG section is so high it makes mother 1 look barren by comparisonyou can't take more than like 3 steps without getting into a battle even WHEN YOU WANT TO JUST GET OUT OF A SINGLE AREA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA  A A A A A A
,Recommended,233470,968795,"Posted: 8 April, 2013",all,Jedo,"Awesome game that takes the player on a historical rollercoaster on the evolution of RPGs. Experience Zelda, Final Fantasy, and Diablo in this cool concept! Unlock each  evolution through chests and battle monsters in 3 distinct styles. It is nostalgia at it's best and definitely worth the money. The game itself even has a sense of humor!"
,Not Recommended,233470,11083874,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,primα,"For the first half hour to an hour this is pretty fun, as you constantly ""unlock"" new game mechanics and improvements, such as scrolling screens, various eras of sound and colour, turn-based battles and 3D environments. This all comes in a quick burst however, and you quickly stop discovering anything ""new"", leaving the remaining few hours of gameplay as a cheap Legend of Zelda clone with some Final Fantasy elements and a brief Diablo-like section.At points the game pokes fun at the early days of video games, mentioning the shallow plots and 8-bit music. However, this seems to be a cheap shot, as (even if intended) Evoland has awful plot and music, and even the sound effects that you ""unlock"" are pretty terrible. As for difficulty, even the game's ""completionist"" achievements, collecting stars and cards, are mindlessly easy which leaves a rather empty feeling of accomplishment upon finishing everything Evoland has to offer.If Evoland had continued on as its first hour does, and provided the promised journey through the history of early video games, there would be a bit of potential here and could even make for a quick, fun and interesting game. As it stands though, there's little here beyond the first section, and we're left with a rather boring and pointless offering. Shame that."
,Not Recommended,233470,12262278,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Daimos_,"Though I like the concept of playing through the evolution of RPGs I cannot recommend this game.This game is grindy. And not the positive kind. Even if it was grindy just to show how grindy the old RPGs were, lampshading that doesn't help the frustration. It just feels like a hack to pump up playtime which is precisly what doesn't help the game. I expected some sort of museum walkthrough where you can reminisce in peace.But no, annoying random ecounters, bad controls and stupid waypoints ruin all the fun."
,Not Recommended,233470,10091659,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Madame Écureuil,"When it comes to humor, gaming humor is about as low-brow as it gets, as it consists on not so much jokes or satire as it is a vapid stream of obvious and shallow references. Evoland is meant to be a tongue-in-cheek love letter to classic jRPGs. Unfortunately, as a love-letter, is is a flaccid and unflattering presentation, and as a piece of gaming humor, it doesn't do much more than ape Legend of Zelda, Final Fantasy 7 and Diablo.One of the defining points of this game is that as you play through it, you collect systems that slowly update the game's graphics and gameplay, giving the impression of the game evolving through the ages. Unfortunately, of all the systems they aped for the gameplay, this game somehow manages to make them less compelling than the original material. From the janky hitboxes for the top-down gameplay system, the overall lack of enemy variety, the annoyingly high encounter rate for the random turn-based battle encounters, to the Diablo-style loot that does absolutely nothing. (Which completely misses the mark because almost every loot item in this type of game adds something new to the play style.) In fact, when the world opened up near the end of the game, I was so daunted and irritated by the tedious and frequent random encounters that I would have put the game down for good if if weren't for the fact that I am literally one fight away from finishing the game. There are a couple of good things I could say about the gameplay, and it involves the dimensional swapping mechanic, and the action RPG bit of the final boss. (Which is still not as exciting or compelling as the boss fights from Ys Origins, and lacks the dungeon crawling action that is often associated with them.)The story is the weakest point of the game, which is ironic since it's supposed to be an RPG that is a love letter to RPG games of the past that had a lot of imaginative and epic stories. In fact, it is one of the most creatively bankrupt RPGs I have ever seen as far as stories go. It is very little more than copying the tropes set by classic RPGs of the past, and the fact that the title and the world is called Evoland should be indicative of this, and that isn't as bad as it gets, believe me.The only really good point about this game is that the music is really good. On their own, they would be really fun to listen to, and I really wish that the soundtrack was more varied than it was.So do I recommend this game? No. Even if it's on sale for less than a dollar, I cannot really recommend this game because it is not only priced more than it is worth, it is also very taxing on your patience as it does nothing with the premise that is compelling or less aggravating than it was in the old games, nor does it do anything fresh, inspiring or funny with the premise, story-wise. All it does is remind me how much I hate random encounters, and how I am glad that some modern jRPGs got rid of it for something that lets players initiate battles themselves.Save your time and money. Use it to buy and play the actual old-school RPGs like Ys, Titan Quest, Diablo, The Elder Scrolls, Half Minute Hero, The Carpe Fulgur Collection, or even Final Fantasy. They would be far more worth your time and money than this vapid piece of gaming junk."
,Not Recommended,233470,29717739,Posted: 5 February,all,crabjesus,"It's a fun concept but it's just not very well put together. Almost every part is rough and unpolished, and it feels more like being presented with a slideshow of ideas – often very repetitively – than playing a game. It's entertaining, and it's certainly not awful, but it overstays its welcome."
,Recommended,233470,9762735,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Melar,"Short but sweet game, if you like Final Fantasy and Zelda, this game is for you."
,Recommended,233470,7884969,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,The Drug Dealer,"The cutest and most nostalgic game I've ever played. Strongly recommend this, purely because of humour and the fun factor of the game. WARNING: Be prepared to ragequit a few times."
,Recommended,233470,8409432,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,the Portaller,"First things first, if you were expecting an RPG with deep storyline and hours of amazing gameplay, go away. Now. Seriously, go try Skyrim or Final Fantasy. This is not the game for you.If you're looking for a short, silly RPG with intresting gameplay, stay here. Evoland might be up your alley. Evoland's plot is not deep and sort of silly. It also uses a lot of cliche. Deliberately so. Again, this is not supposed to be an RPG that will offer great, amazing plot and hours of gameplay. This game gives tribute to those older RPGs that will be forever. Legend of Zelda, Final Fantasy, etc. It will do that while taking you through video game evolution. It's a short game. It will take you 3 - 4 hours to complete the main storyline. However, if you play it with the right attitude, it's great.Play, however, expecting an RPG that offers hours of gameplay with a deep storyline, and you will be disappointed.6/10. Recommended."
76561197975419922,Recommended,233470,9192179,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,The Mruuster,"Nice retrostyle at the beginning which reminds you of your C64 and Amiga (or Atari) times of the 80s and then evolves into HD, with cool timetravelling between the two modes."
,Recommended,233470,8614915,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Go Full Harvey,"I really like this game. It is very self aware and clever, game play is quite strong, i haven't beat it yet, but i like how the ""game"" is to evolve the game, and then the actual storyline is like a mini game within in. I quite enjoy playing the game"
,Recommended,233470,8628549,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Somatix,"I love the concept of the game and how it highlights the evolution of the RPG genre; however the game itself isn't a very good RPG.  The game lacks the character growth you would expect in an RPG since your experience points really don't matter.  You pretty much switch between 3 gametypes (2d Zelda, Final Fantasy, Diablo) without your player progress continuing to the next sequence.  So for example if you battled and gained experience during the Final Fantasy segments it doesn't transfer when you play the Diablo segment.  This wouldn't be such a big deal; but the overworld portions have lots of random enemy encounters that feel tedious without the benefit of any real player progression.Overall though, if you have fond memories of NES through PSone era RPGs you may enjoy the game for the references alone.  I don't regret my time playing it, I just wish it wrapped a better game experience around the trip down memory lane."
76561198085140206,Recommended,233470,8637757,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,social re...... start,"EPIC GAME, Woth playing."
76561198107309067,Recommended,233470,8641737,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Mr.Scott,Great concept. Great game. Awesome references. BUY IT
,Recommended,233470,8652106,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,feralbyrd,"Anyone that has played old-school RPGs will find something to love about this game. A briliant, original concept, perfectly executed. Highly recommended for any video game fan."
76561198018193529,Recommended,233470,8656067,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Nekomancer,This game is intresting on the adventure it takes you and it is fun
76561198064532687,Recommended,233470,8667553,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,xONRTTODELIVERY,Great concept and a very enjoiable game
,Recommended,233470,8678901,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Reviewify.co.uk,"Stop reading reviews, just buy the game, it's brilliant!"
,Recommended,233470,8680372,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Lu,"Evoland is based around gradually unlocking new or improved versions of technology and mechanics. If it sounds gimmicky, well, that's because it is.The reason the gimmick doesn't wear thin so fast is that the game's constantly shifting gameplay manages to keep itself fresh for a longer time. There are Zelda inspired levels, Final Fantasy, Diablo... This is, however, a double-edged sword: the game will often not develop certain mechanics enough, reducing them to button-mashing. Turn-based combat is the most egregious example of this.Overall, I can say I enjoyed the game quite a bit, and I'd recommend checking it out. I can see the points being made by ""No"" reviewers, though, they're definitely not wrong. Get Evoland on a sale if you want to be on the safe side."
,Recommended,233470,8836361,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,ryankilpatrick,"Definitely a GREAT step through much of the history of RPG gaming, and worth more than every penny I paid for it!"
,Recommended,233470,8400921,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Damina,"The idea is absolutely brilliant. Your game starts at a very old school stage and then you collect upgrades to make your game look, sound and feel better. With this comes a good story packed with many great laughs. The only negative thing is that it ended. Maybe slightly on the short side of things if you're an experienced gamer. A game for all ages though!"
,Recommended,233470,8402162,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,SlipWolf🐾,Game plays great.. although the 2D stuff tapers off fast for a more FF feel. Still a great game while it's on sale. I don't know if I'd buy while it wasn't on sale bot $5 (or the $2.50 I paid for it on flash sale) was a good price.
,Recommended,233470,8436939,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SaxyPaul,"This game is truly awesome! In the short time I've played so far, it has reminded me of old NES style RPG's, through the 16-bit era and on to full blown 3D.Covering Adventure and RPG style games, the game draws heavily from the Zelda series and the early Final Fantasy games. At certain points in the game, it plays out as a Zelda-like dungeon crawler/puzzle adventure game, and almost seamlessly transforms itself into an RPG with Active Time Battle systems!The artstyle is beautifully reminiscent of early 8-bit games, all the way through to late DS style Zelda Phantom Hourglass/Spirit Tracks animation, and the music evolves with the graphics.All in all, I'd say this is a must-buy for any Zelda or Final Fantasy fan(boy/girl). Just like me!"
76561198065386359,Recommended,233470,8495967,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Brandon :-),Enjoyable all the way through. I would definitely recommend this game.
76561197967364643,Recommended,233470,8386769,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Preacher Boy,"If you're a fan of classic RPG's like Final Fantasy and Zelda you'll have a fun 4-6 hrs with Evoland. Took me close to 5 hrs to play through it and I enjoyed the nods to the classics and sense of nostalgia the game instills. The concept of gaining newer features and technology from 16-bit color schemes to 3D, turn based combat, and pre-rendered backgrounds is very fun, even if towards the end of the game this does pretty much stop in favor of ""go here to get this item"" and ""go here to fight this bad guy."" Not sure that I'd pay $5 for it considering how short and simple it is but if you can pick it up for $2.50 like I did during the Fall sale, go ahead and pull the trigger."
76561198061092124,Recommended,233470,8537446,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Tuco,Comédia
76561198069991539,Recommended,233470,8969458,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Jack Burton,"Highly recommend for nostalgic purposes for any fan of Zelda and Final Fantasy! It may not have a lot of depth, but makes up for it in other places...if your really trying to try something that reminds you of the good old days I would say for the price its worth a play through."
76561198072855625,Recommended,233470,8154396,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Anarcko,Great game! Made me laugh throughout the entire thing! The idea of playing a game that progressively evolved signifying the gaming industries evolutionary break throughs was amazing. The fact that someone took a risk in creating a game like this was exciting to see whether it was a small time creator or a high end gaming company. I hope to see more short time indy games like this.
,Recommended,233470,11051156,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,zsmithbegamin,"Overall it was a really fun game. It was an interesting take on the RPG genre and I had a lot of fun with it. The collectables were challenging, and therefore rewarding. My only problem was that the final boss was wayyyy too difficult. It was a huge jump in difficulty. Still, I'd recommend it. 9/10"
76561197982151193,Not Recommended,233470,9229180,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Jump 'N Shootman!,"Amazing in concept, falls flat VERY quickly. Turns into a gimmicky game where all these cool retro ideas don't work well together. The game felt great (especially in the NES and SNES inspired era's) but became incredibly frustrating in the PS1 style. Unresponsive controls, weird clipping and bizarre/useless gimmicky features all held together by boring jokes based on old game references."
,Recommended,233470,12006539,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,CMDR Schabernack,"Active Time Battle, an epic soundtrack that will get stuck in your ears, a card playing minigame, collectibles, puzzles, weapon and armor upgrades, a character progression system based on character levels, summons, open world exploration and even an airship. It's all there!Evoland is better at being Final Fantasy than any of the games of the Final Fantasy XIII franchise."
,Recommended,233470,9785117,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Destrin,"A love letter to the history of Computer RPGs.  If you have a penchant for the RPG, pick this up, you won't be disappointed by it's charming homages.  Gameplay wise it's the standard fare but as a nostalgia trigger it's wondeful."
76561197997689856,Recommended,233470,8416760,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Outlawbr,"really nice and fun game, wort buy it!"
,Recommended,233470,8803153,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Lostways,"It's a short little game with very minimal things to do.However, it's a love letter to RPG from Black and white to 3d it's good visual and musical evo tale on how much we have come in terms of RPGS.I do recommend it to people who love RPG but not at full price."
76561198055418475,Recommended,233470,8578566,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Midas Hellsrancor,"This is a great game for anyone who grew up on RPGs, but it is extremely short. I was able to reach 100% completion after about 6 hours of gameplay. Pick it up, if you can get it on sale."
,Recommended,233470,2405420,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,SG Galwyn,"Fun and done really well, just a little short.."
,Recommended,233470,3619330,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,Dungeonmasterbob,If you play a lot of retro or normal RPG's then you will find this game both funny and really fun.
76561198009115470,Recommended,233470,7872693,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Mafamoo,"Short but fun, worth the sale price but I wouldn't have wanted to pay more."
,Recommended,233470,12019757,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Kyle,8/10 would play again
,Recommended,233470,9837867,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Pthumeru Ihyll,"Definitely a fun little game. While I myself would have prefered it to draw out the different time periods of gaming, and also for some of the play mechanics to be slightly more fleshed-out, it can't really be held against the game but so much. Evoland is not an epoch, it's exactly what it's meant to be: a nostalgic and fun trip down memory lane. I don't imagine the younger crowd will enjoy the journey as much, but any other older gamers who grew up playing games in the 8/16-bit era will certainly have fun strapping on the old nostalgia-goggles and remembering what games were like before all the fancy bells and whistles of today.A simple little game that accomplishes it's goal of being a fun and humorous romp through the RPG's that brought us to where we are today."
,Recommended,233470,12020057,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,[SC] Makuta's Revenge,So great!  The progression is really amazing to play through!  Love it!
,Recommended,233470,10153820,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Twistor,"I have mixed but afterwards slightly positive feelings of Evoland.Initial concept of Evoland is interesting: you begin with very crude controls, graphics and game mechanics, to find and discover new, nicer ones along the way. This is the premise. The game play changes between Legend of Zelda like free roam fighting and associated (actually quite nice) puzzles involving arrows, bombs and ""time travelling"" mechanic, and Final Fantasy / Dragon Quest style game with frequent random battles. There's also a scenario where the game goes full Diablo for a short while.While initially entertained, I grew utterly bored after a short while into the game because of its low difficulty level and the lack of story. Granted, the latter is (albeit true-to-form) introduced only later into the game and built upon for a mediocre tale heavily inspired by Zelda / FF games. The boredom only wore off after meeting the villain for the first time. With the fast-travel by airship and an in-game guy assisting with finding of the collectables I was finally enjoying myself again. I could have sworn I had fully cleared several previously visited locations but instead found some nicely hidden puzzles.Lasting only few hours and providing mixed amounts entertainment, I'd advice getting it on a sale. You should also have played some of the early RPGs like mentioned in this review: Evoland contains loads of references you could appreciate but might find silly if uninformed."
,Recommended,233470,12254652,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,PawnOfTheThree,Referential humour abound in this fun little spoof game that is equal parts Final Fantasy and Legend of Zelda.Not a long game by any stretch (100% complete in a little over 5 hours) but certainly more than worth the pricetag.
,Recommended,233470,5708773,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Arnedillo,"If you like RPGs this game is just the best♥♥♥♥♥♥you will ever play. Short, nostalgic and enjoyable."
76561198009918105,Recommended,233470,8441158,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Parasect,If you liked DLC Quest you'd be crazy not to buy this on sale. Ignore the Metascore it's a solid game that delivers on it's design. A game that takes you through parts of the evolution of gaming. Not much of a story but the gameplay is alright. Definatly worth $5
76561198040770490,Recommended,233470,8475624,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Ocny,"Fun, but not short and not worth the money. I felt that right when I was really getting into the game play, it would change styles again."
,Recommended,233470,9769870,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Oops-Wrong-Hole,"Despite some dodgy reviews this game was great, it is truly evolving right before your eyes and the amount of cheesy references makes it all the better i was lucky to get this when it was on sale but would happily pay full price for it, a must have for anyones steam list"
76561198133062770,Recommended,233470,13012502,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Timophil,This is the best adventure game I have ever played. Great Game
,Recommended,233470,13050826,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,rwrulesrw,"Very fun and entertaining game, but short and lacking a lot of content. Has a lot of interesting features, like slowly unlocking almost everything you need to progress through the game, but 6.8 hours was enough for me to completely 100% the game, including getting all the achievements. Pay sale price for the experience, not the game itself."
76561198087570659,Recommended,233470,10497020,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,TnCrump3tz,"This game was amazing. Seriously, I had so much fun playing through every second of this game. Finding the collectibles, unlocking all the new features and graphics, etc. This game was very creative and straight up awesome!"
76561198061762681,Recommended,233470,10873641,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,JohnRoss,"Evoland is a game that reminisces about classic RPG and turn-based RPGs like Zelda and Final Fantasy. It is not a game trying to rip these ideas off, but rather take you back in time to look at the history of the two genres.It starts you off in a classic 8-bit setting, standard of the early Zelda games and works your way through to evolve into more current, cartoony 3D RPGs. And this aspect of the game works.What doesnt work is how short the game is, and how linear or unintuitive some design aspects are.I paid £1.74 for this game, and completed it, along with all achievements in 5 hours. For the sale price, I would say its worth it. But for its full price I would not.It was cheap fun and a nice tribute to days of old."
,Recommended,233470,10853920,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,RazielNoraa,"This game was a great, nostalgic romp through the history of RPG's. I highly reccomend it to anyone that grew up progressing through the trajectory of this game."
,Recommended,233470,8382088,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Lex Lagger,"Fantastic!Well worth the pick up durring a STEAM sale! Very short but fun game. Taking you back to game boy / atari esc graphics, then progressing through to a more modern twist! Fun game play, the story keeps moving and takes pokes at the genre and will surely remind you of the games of yesterday. If you were a fan of Zelda, FF, Secret of Mana, ect then you will find a nice fun mix here.I didn't notice a single bug, and while the price point is low it's not because the game wasn't cared for in development.I'd recomend it to any fan of the genre as a fun throw back to years past."
,Recommended,233470,9944285,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Teef 🐏,yo it be like 8 bit to 3d it evolve... evoland....
76561198131800344,Recommended,233470,9968104,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,kev,Very cool game! Takes you through the development of games like The Legend of Zelda and Final Fantasy from the early days of console gaming to recent years.
,Recommended,233470,9767861,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,OneDayAsALannister,"I've fallen in love with every aspect of this game. From it's little quirks to it's refrences to it's genius gameplay. It's not exactly a challenge. In fact, it is pretty easy, but it is a phenomenal game nonetheless. It's become one of my all time favorite games.(And if it still says I have .4hrs on record, that is just Steam messing up. I've played for at least five hours at this point.)"
76561198116260507,Recommended,233470,8524812,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,JonSnowe,Very original and fun. I am stuck in one spot but has been a fun ride thus far.
,Recommended,233470,8733218,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Yirba,"This game has its flaws, but it's worth it for the sheer sense of nostalgia you'll experience."
,Recommended,233470,8390922,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ginsan21,"is perfect 10/10 chuck norris approve this games , is too dawn good , you will never get bored with this game"
76561198072241442,Recommended,233470,9026621,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,jimmy jenkins,"YOU SHOULD BUY THE♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OF THISEvoland is a kind of simple puzzle game based around a mechanic of the evolution of gaming (starting in a top down view, with grid based movement reminicesnt of the original legend of zelda), the game is relatively short and not all that difficult, but it is definately still worth picking this game up"
,Recommended,233470,500423,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Felipepepe,"A interesting tribute to the Snes & PS1 era. Great fun, nice humour, and a simple but charming gameplay.You can beat it in less than 3 hours, and it doesn't offer any replay, so buy it cheap."
,Recommended,233470,15104967,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,pokusan,"I'm rather amazed with this game. I actually bought this while it was on sale for like $2 and decided that I couldn't lose trying it out. After reading the other reviews on it, (which are really good, by the way) I tried it out. I'm so glad that I did! This turned out to be one of the more fun games that I played. To name some of the great things about this game:Music: AWESOME. Totally inspired and changes based on your completion of the game. I don't want to give too many spoilers, so just experience it yourself.Graphics: Pretty good. It's amazing to see the evolution of how far gaming has come since the old days. This game does a great job of showing how good game development has gotten. While they aren't the top of the line graphics, I have to say that at the end, I was quite impressed with how good it had gotten.Pop-culture and cultural references: I love when games put in references to other games, developers, mention jokes that you would know and the like. It was quite fun to discover the little easter eggs and see what they had to say. Schrodinger made it in here...haha. That's all I'll say, but great job to the developers of this game to read their audience correctly. While some things are ""adapted"" from games like Diablo, Final Fantasy, Dragon Quest, and many others, it's still rather enjoyable to play in the same style, even if some of the characters and enemies have names that are strikingly similar to the enemies in other games. Though...it does add a familiarity and nostalgia to the game, so I think it fit well.All in all. A pretty sound game. I wasn't sure how it was going to play as I was buying it, but like I said before...I'm really glad I did. It's not a difficult game, nor is it a long RPG game, but I would still totally recommend this game for the fun that it brings."
,Recommended,233470,17810654,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Wolfalpaca,Love the game it is so out there but is so in my ally i love it make more games and mate never stop with the game type
76561198054971769,Recommended,233470,9498310,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,¤ Super Semi-Perfect Ocelot ¤,"Best Game Ever, the Music was well done, I don't even know how they made that music. Graphics were well done too. But I dont like how clink was named after Cloud and Link. However, Kaeris was one sexy gal', she almost reminds me of Tony Bennett and Douglas Fargo, uh, nevermind, no more changing subjests. The Game has alot of humor though, and I like how it evolves through, but too many worthless items :P.1 Downside: The game is too short and it desurves to be much longer, and their only 2 characters to play as :P. I also think it is a little Random how you suddenly appear in a grey area. :PBut none the less, great game. 5/5"
,Not Recommended,233470,11982109,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Gonza,"It has a lot of potential... But it gets really boring really quick. It gets repetitive and at some points, the cards minigame becomes more interesting than the actual story.This is the first game I regret buying, even with discount"
,Recommended,233470,619769,"Posted: 8 April, 2013",all,Spooky,"It is like playing through your childhood, one generation at a time."
,Not Recommended,233470,11088022,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,corgi007,"The gimmick gets old really fast. The dungeons are some of the worst I've seen, and there are so many bugs... Just play the games it ripped off, they're better."
76561198028261880,Recommended,233470,18724223,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,VincentVinyard,Link running around with Buster Sword.10/10 would buy again
,Not Recommended,233470,20166890,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,☩Sparrow421,"Meh...when i started it out it genuiley felt like it would be a great game, but as i progressed i just realized it is only a mockery of RPG games. I agree with another reviewer saying this game is unrealized potential.  They could have made something great with this but instead it just feels like a hollow shell of a game."
,Recommended,233470,10223138,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,jemmons,"This is a great game. Just as fun as it is a clever deconstruction. Rare to see those two together.It's short-ish. It won't last you months of play. But, on the other hand, I was never once bored. Even after completing all the side-quests.In every way worth the purchase."
,Recommended,233470,19742039,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Smu,Fun game. Good proof of concept. Looking forward to 2nd game.
76561198059592909,Recommended,233470,19756722,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Dopeseekor,This game accurately and sometimes hilariously captures the progression of JRPGs. I'm glad it exists as both a nostalgic and interesting piece.
76561198028475107,Recommended,233470,16729361,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Celeb,"Evoland is a game which takes a lot of traits from series like Legend of Zelda and Final Fantasy. In the later part of the game you can also feel some of Diablo's gameplay.Story in Evoland is as basic as it can get. One could argue that it's even less because ideas for characters and plot are straight stolen from abovementioned games.When it comes to presentation this game is neat. Music and graphics evolve as you collect chests with upgrades to them. You are acquainted with typical look and sound of consoles from third to sixth generation (so Gameboy, SNES, Gamecube etc.).I have to admit that I really liked some of the music tracks used in the game - they were adequate, familiar and pleasant to listen to.Gameplaywise Evoland offers some variety but every ""game mode"" presented is bare-bones. Turn-based combat is less than satisfying, inventory in the game is a joke (quite literally), hack'n'slash combat lacks skills, puzzles are repetitive etc. Random encounters get annoying very quickly and boredom is guaranteed when trying to 100% the game. Additionally, Evoland is a very short game (took me about 4 hours to finish it and 6 hours to complete it) and has very little replay value.Something that I really want to mention is this game's approach. It knows what it is and tries to be funny. In that regard, it succeeds, I had an honest laugh few times. Additionally, I had a blast trying to find every reference to video gaming in the game (Mario was quite obvious but I think I found The Elder Scrolls Morrowind as well).My score for this game is 6/10. It's unique, funny, quite diverse but offers very basic gameplay."
76561198045111559,Recommended,233470,12001251,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Codename A.S.H.,"While the game’s story is your stereotypical Rpg plot it’s the humor and constant references to other Rpg video games that make it highly enjoyable. The gameplay starts out rather simplistic, but adds complexity as it evolves from a primitive Rpg video game into a more modern Rpg video game. The game is never necessarily difficult, but none the less it is very enjoyable. I enjoyed watching as the game slowly transitioned through the varying innovations that have occurred through the years to Rpg video games."
,Recommended,233470,16625619,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,TinyLazerRaptor,"Interesting concept, sections of it are a bit frustrating, but that's more because I'm not the biggest fan of this style of RPG. I like the additions to the game as you go through and it's a nice little interactive history of RPG games, but it does feel a little empty at times.I'd recommend giving it a go. It's nothing phenomenal but it's a solid concept and definitely worth a look."
,Recommended,233470,9779800,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Mejgot,Swagoverload
,Recommended,233470,16515763,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,silcrist,Very fun trip through videogame evolution.  Not much replay value.
,Recommended,233470,24126365,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Buiscit SLEEZE,"playing through this game is like going through a history museum for rpg's. it's a good game to go through and get a throwback to other games. other than that, it has one of teh best soundstracks i've heard... well maybe not the best, but i like the music nonetheless. long story short, after playing this, i know where my next $20 is going... Evoland 2 :D"
,Recommended,233470,2875201,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,TerminalVentures,Fantastic bit of nostalgia wrapped up in an excellent adventure-through-time of video game history. Everything you do in this game gives a feeling of accomplishment seeing where the genre started and has progressed.
,Recommended,233470,32908513,Posted: 27 June,all,skizzze,One of my favoirte RPG's in years.  Perfect game on those days when you're feeling nestalgic.
,Recommended,233470,32672602,Posted: 23 June,all,Honk Hill,"This game was incredibly fun - I picked it up cheap in the sale as it sounded like a good time waster and ended up getting completely captivated.The collectables are good, character dialogue and interaction is funny and the gameplay mechanics are all familiar (as they're from other RPGs) but delivered in such an interesting style.Great game, would highly recommend it if you like classic RPGs with good humour."
,Recommended,233470,33025312,Posted: 29 June,all,Corvo Attano,A game evolution game
76561198163794025,Recommended,233470,33239301,Posted: 4 July,all,Cheesetim21,"Great, Fun, Cheap little game."
,Recommended,233470,17603404,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,BrevonUltima349,"Evoland is an interesting game, not for its look, but for its gameplay.Much like the game ""Life of Pixel"", this game centers around evolving through different eras of video games. Unlike ""Life of Pixel"", this game is more Legend of Zelda/Final Fantasy/WoW in its RPG approach of gameplay (while LoP focuses on the aesthetic of specific video game consoles from the 70s-90s using platforming mechanics). Both games are great for nostalgia factor alone.If there are any nitpicks, I was a little disappointed in how sparse the story felt, but I didn't let that keep me from enjoying the exploring. I didn't care about the villain, but I did care about the environment and the exploration.When the game was first released, it was a little buggy, and some of the bosses' hitboxes didn't trigger, which made beating the game frustrating, but I am pretty sure that was resolved since I 100% this game a few months after. The act of collecting cards and playing a variation of FFVIII's Triple Triad card game is enough to get this. If not, then appreciate all the nods to your favorite retro games of yesteryear.No matter how you look at it, Evoland is a fun game. Give it a go, then brace yourselves for Evoland II, because it looks like everything the first game is, but better."
76561198045711571,Recommended,233470,16590456,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Henry,"This game was fantastic.  I enjoyed every last second of it, even hunting for all the collectibles!  It's a classic in a new generation of games.  It draws on so many old elements while keeping the gameplay exciting and fresh.  Not once did I grow bored of this game.  The only drawback I see is that it's a bit of a short game, but it's so fantastic that it's worth every penny. And a sequel has been made and is equally fantastic!"
,Recommended,233470,29028187,Posted: 4 January,all,LilChihuahua,"Awesome game that's worthy of a 'sale' purchase. I wouldn't pay full price for it, but it's unique and ambitious (which I understand they pulled off the scope of that ambition in Evoland 2). At times the controls are a bit frustrating, and the hit boxes aren't always accurate. However, even with the shortcomings I enjoyed my short time (5hrs) exploring Evoland (aka. an interactive  history museum of video game development from our favorite RPGs growing up in the 80s)."
,Recommended,233470,8523582,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Amazium,"Did you shake with excitement as you held your first Mastersword above your head? Did you tremble with wonder as you entered the Chocobo-filled overworld of the oldskool Gameboy versions of Final Fantasy for the first time? Did you tirelessly practice all those backtracking paths in the dungeons to get all of that hidden treasure?Then this game is for you! Evoland tells the story of RPG gaming throughout the years, done in a fun, joyous way.If you love RPG games the way they started out on the Gameboy and further, then you cannot afford - repeat you cannot afford - to pass up this little gem.You start in a 8-bit 2 colour mode, and as you progress through the game you unlock more and more features ( 16-bit , multi-colour display, 16 bit sound, and LOADS more ) which added beauty and immersion amongst other things to RPG games throughout the years.Guaranteed fun and joy !Seriously, do not ignore this game if you are true to games such as The Legend of Zelda franchise on Gameboy, or Fire Emblem, Final Fantasy , and others.You will not be dissapointed!"
76561197989627198,Recommended,233470,12162270,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Banarenth,"Evoland is an interesting tour of retro gaming with an odd emphasis on some specific franchises.  I'd like to call the game quaint.  THe only issue I really had is that it doesn't work with my game controller, despite that it does support controllers.  It isnt's really difficult to control on the keyboard, but it does hamper the experience a little."
,Recommended,233470,11983841,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Big Time Egg,Evoland has a intresting concept evolving your game. I would really recommend if you like turn based combat.
,Recommended,233470,9768504,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,{SCG} Masky,"Feels like old nostalgic games, but brings its own flavor to the table with its unique play mechanics, the likes of which can barely compare to anything else...and no, I'm not talking about the fighting systems those are clearly homages to several games.  The mechanic I'm talking about goes into spoilers territory so play the game to find out what I mean!"
,Recommended,233470,12343893,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,br410bury,"Great game and a great concept, especially for a Lundum Dare. If you don't mind the length (it is quite short), definitely pick it up."
,Recommended,233470,12483176,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Bowser,"This game is simple fun! Remind of video games classics like Final Fantasy, The Legend of Zelda, Diablo and others. The history of video games are told in Evoland, learn what graphical improvements came first and what they affect in the world. The storyline is short but I liked it! Also it haves a card minigame which is very fun! Evoland is a MUST play!Esse jogo é pura diversão! Relembre de grandes clássicos dos video games como Final Fantasy, The Legend of Zelda, Diablos e outros. A história dos videos games é contada em Evoland, aprenda quais recursos gráficos vieram primeiro and o que eles afetam no jogo. A história de Evoland é curta mas eu gostei dela! Além do mais o jogo tem um minigame de cartas que é muito divertido! Evoland é um jogo obrigatório de se jogar!"
,Recommended,233470,12575837,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Theyrvalls,"An entertaining compilation of the development of role playing games, this game starts in the greyish days of 8bit graphics and makes it all the way through to 3D and HD pictures, not taking itself too serious. A great story full of rpg clichés, lovely characters and funny dialogues make this game a must-have for every player who is into RPGs. Definitely worth the price (and if not, check back at sales time)!"
,Recommended,233470,6068976,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,dokartist,Eboland (Fargus)
,Recommended,233470,6308588,"Posted: 9 April, 2013",all,dicks,"Oh God, this game. It's amazing, but at the same time, I want to punch it in the face since it gets so HARD sometimes.Or maybe I just suck."
,Recommended,233470,12092060,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Captain MooMoos,"This is a long review, so if you want a brief summary of why I recommendEvoLandskip toResultsand read from there.Shiro Games makes an interesting game that tries to draw together the graphics of older games and mix in in with more modern aspects. The game plays like an action RPG and hits neither fantastically, but does well enough to make you want to play.Story:You play a young man named Clink who must defeat an evil darkness that his hit the land. For some reason you must go throughout the land and save the world from the evil that plagues the land. Eventually you run into a girl named Kaeris who joined your team and you agree to help her restore the Amulet that you will need to save the mana tree from being destroyed.Campaign:The campaign is rather simple; you start in birds-eye view and can only go right, you unlock the ability to go left, shortly after the ability to go any direction. Slowly as you progress throughout the campaign you gain more and more features that make the game more modern. The issue is none of these come in for any rhyme or reason. They are just randomly placed on the map as chests which you hit and suddenly it unlocks. There is no story behind why the upgrades slowly appear in, which is disappointing. The game could have started with full graphics and be the exact same. Regardless it is still interesting seeing how the game changes, even if it occurs just because of random chests spread throughout the map.Gameplay:The game plays like a typical action RPG then goes into a turn-based combat system when travelling. There are a couple boss fights which are rather interesting, but the combat gets repetitive very quickly. And as you start to unlock new features to the game you are annoyed you had to waste your time not using them in the earlier versions. Especially because some of the unlocks include a mini-map which you have in RPGs old or new; inventory which you have in RPGs old or new; etc. Regardless the combat doesn’t go on long enough for you to truly hate it, just sometimes gets monotonous and makes you take a break.Hints:>Don’t look for everything, you can go back at the end and do it later.Results:All in all EvoLand is an interesting game, I would definitely avoid getting it at full price; but, if you can get it on sale it’s not the worst decision you’ll make. The gameplay is simple and can get repetitive, the story is nothing special, but the special effect changes are unique. I loosely recommend this game to someone who has a bit of time and doesn’t mind a semi-amusing game. This won’t be the best title you own, so just enjoy it for what it is a rather simple RPG with that is just average.Pros:+The game evolves as you play it+There are some more challenging puzzles after you unlock the entire game.+The music is catchy+The card game that is included is kind of coolCons:-You don’t unlock a lot of features found in all RPGs until later in the game (mini-map, inventory, etc.)-The game evolves with no real rhyme or reason-The combat is at times a bit to directional-When traveling between areas there are way too many random battles. It’s like going through a cave in Pokémon and running into a thousand Zubats, except you can’t use a Repel to avoid the battles.-At points in the game the story is very unclear of where to go, I got lost for like at least an hour or so before I figured out I was going the wrong way."
,Recommended,233470,9896592,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,ExistentialEnso,This is not the greatest game in the world. This is just a tribute.
,Recommended,233470,8398188,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ThewashiTenshi,only a few hours in the game and the idea is great. and the many fetures are great to.and the different playstyle in area's are fun to.most of these i've seen in other games and i expected this to happen but i like it.
,Recommended,233470,8389274,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Moralio,"I'd reccomend it just for it being one sweet nostalgia trip. Fans of classic Final Fantasy and Zelda games will love it. However at the same time Evoland doesn't bring anything new to the genre and without constant references to retro games in general I'd say it would be pretty poor action-adventure-jRPG mix. Get it, but while it's discounted."
76561198113188600,Recommended,233470,8408164,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bandit029,"It was a very well made game that emulates and incorporates features from both the legends of Zelda and Final fantisy and follows the idea that, as the game progresses so does the animations and graphics. The graphics start out poor and gradualy advance to better 3d models as advertised in the discription but then stops at around the 2007 era, This was a bit of a let down as the game goes from whats advertised to following a weak and short story with 2d, simple characters. even when one dies I really couldnt have cared less. While I would recomend this game please get it on sale as I did because it, in it current condition is not worth £6.99 or even the cerrant 3.49 asked for. While I hope to see this game advance further I would still find it hard to replay but seeing all the nice changes do make it a fun charming place to spend a few hours. It alsohas a nice few nods to other games like Mario waste lands and Clouds sword from FF7Overall score 5/10Music            6/10Graphics       7/10Would play again: Not until further updates"
,Recommended,233470,9760987,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Magical Girl Aleksandra,This game was pretty dam good tbh... I highly recomand buying it!
,Recommended,233470,8785567,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,TheGreatGarthsby,The thing that bothers me most about this game is that I've been trying to place the opening theme for the menu. It's from ♥♥♥♥ing Runescape!
,Recommended,233470,2947280,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,mattleverton,"If you're a child of the 90's and grew up with the likes of Final Fantasy and Zelda then this game is for you. It's an indie love letter to this period of games and very well done. Has a very cool premise of evolving as you play, which takes you through the evolution of RPGs over the years."
76561198054069625,Recommended,233470,9364544,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,VeeDub,"This is the perfect game for those who grew up with classic rpgs and want to relive some nostalgia. It's a fairly short game but it'll last a good 6 or 7 hours if you're trying to collect everything, which is an enjoyable task rather than a tedious one."
,Not Recommended,233470,21257299,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,panic,w
,Recommended,233470,8572472,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Holi,"Nostalgia thy name is Evoland.Sure this game suffers from a bunch of issues like a choppy engine and extremely simplified gameplay but that's not the point of this game at all.This game takes you through a journey, a journey of gameplay through the ages from the original Gameboy to the Nintendo DS with a bunch of Playstation 1 and 2 thrown in just because they could.Is the story awesome? Nope not really. Are the characters lovable? Nope pretty flat and lackluster.Where this game makes up for it is in references across the board and stabs at old troopes I'm sure a lot of people have commented on at least a couple of times.If you lived through the days of yore when Zelda and Final Fantasy ruled the day this is for you, if not you should probably play them first."
,Recommended,233470,19664393,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey Everyone this is my review about the game!This is a ""Evolution"" Action RPG game. (starts in 2D and goes higher in graphics)Interface/Settings/MenuYou can turn the Music and sound volume higher or OFF.  There is no slider but numbers.There are 3 languages, German, French or English.You can play this game with a xbox controller. But has no Rumble option.You can change the controls on the Xbox controller.The graphics are amazing! They changes and updates! From time to time.Music is very good too! With alot of Variety! (Bosses has boss music, villages has villages music etc)About the game.You have to see this as a game that starts off with a gameboy-pocket and will be updates until the PC versions with better graphics.There are chests in the game which are improving your gameplay! EACH TIME AGAIN.The game is super interesting.There is a decently good story line!A very short game. (I think it can be completed in like 2 hours).There are save stations and Inns to save the game!This is an action rpg game which evolves with upgrades and updates over-time.You start off 2D with not sound, But as you progress and collect you will find sound,music and graphical updates.Sadly there are collectables in the game! Stars and Cards!Fighting method and ways will be changing over time aswell. Like Press a button to attack or an actually an RPG style (which is turned based).You are able to change names on playable characters!Playable characters talk, EVEN THE MAIN CHARACTER.There are bosses, ""Quests"" and a level up system.Other Things.There are references from other games. Like Zelda or Mario.There are some items hidden in objects, Like potion in a barrel.Some Meme's.If you are going for all achievements, I do wish you good luck. As some is difficult and require alot of time.Sometimes you have to farm up, to buy good items. Which could slow you down.I have never seen a game like this before and i do recommend this. TOTALLY!I give this game a 10/10!"
,Recommended,233470,33771298,Posted: 24 July,all,MasterQueeferino,Really neet idea! Short game packed with great ideas. Going to try their second one now which seems to bee much longer!
76561197967165654,Recommended,233470,8945401,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,4bit,"If you can get it cheap, and want some nostalgia for an afternoon, this might be the game for you.I can only recomend this game if you have a long history with Video-Game RPG's on the NES, SNES and PS1.  If saying that makes you happy, this might be the game for you.  If hearing that makes you wince, move on... there's nothing for you here.The next stumbling block, however, is this game is rediculously short.  I presumed I was about 1/2 way through the game when it ended.  It makes it tough to justify the price, and I'd wait for it to go on sale."
,Not Recommended,233470,1452521,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,Bill Nye the Science Guy,Frustratingly mediocre. It's a husk of what made the games it's referencing great.
,Not Recommended,233470,3607579,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,Ben W.,"Super disappointed in Evoland. Fantastic start and such potential, but a huge letdown."
,Not Recommended,233470,8979922,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Bokor,"Barely a game... more like a virtual history lesson with little to no context. The mechanics are clunky and unfun. If you can get this game for cheap or as a part of a bundle, I'd say play around with it a bit. It really is interesting to see what the developers tried to do. Unforunately, I just can't recommend it."
76561198027896613,Not Recommended,233470,9764337,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Thy Dungeonmans,"The concept is cute, but the gameplay is monotonous, predictable, boring. Barely worth the $2.49 I spent on it, certainly do not buy for $10"
76561198078671288,Recommended,233470,20482201,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,[MNI] Stalker AX,Definitly a Unique Game to play
,Recommended,233470,9996250,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Tempus Fudging,best 294 hours I even spent
,Recommended,233470,8401489,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Rykx0r,Evoland is not a long game.  It is  a short and delightful romp that uses game mechanics and the evolution of video games to tell a charming and somewhat satiric story.  All the tropes and cliches are there.  From the silly puzzles of Zelda to the loot grab of Diablo...and so much FFVII spoof.  But it is charming and I enjoyed every second.  Worth buying during the sale.
,Recommended,233470,33032164,Posted: 30 June,all,turak64,"I only got this game cause of the retro gimmick but it turned out to be ok. It's very basic but worth it to see the progression, a love letter to many games from the past."
,Recommended,233470,16564587,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Angelo Olteteanu,"I have played Evoland from start to finish for a few hours that I really enjoyed. The game is a simple RPG game which, through its story takes the player through various fazes of gaming history from black and white and 2d and no sound to beautiful 3d with textures, music and effects and all sorts of nice little add-ons like inventories that you collect.  I really liked the idea of the changing of the gaming genre which kept me up one night thinking about it. I also really liked how a chest which for me in an RPG used to mean a new item here was a new texture or camera angle, or all sorts of interface improvements. Loved it. I loved the the story, fun tone, the way the game transformed and developed and I really enjoyd this game which really got me hooked from the start to the finish. Thank you developers. Waiting for Evoland 2 :). I really, really loved and love this game. :)."
,Recommended,233470,9860010,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Deadly Moisture,So good. Smashes the nostalgia factor through the roof and is genuinely interesting. Awesome idea for a game :) Well worth the price of admission.
,Not Recommended,233470,7984826,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Painted Dead,If you are interested in playing this game just buy FF7 you will get the same thing. For more detail and Spoilers click here ->http://youtu.be/twny4-EWE0k
76561198052178797,Not Recommended,233470,7984629,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,vimbert,"Here's a game that shows promise, only to fall flat on its face at the end. The game's beginning is unbelievably charming, with a simple mechanic: gameplay evolves, bit-by-bit, slowly adding color/music/new mechanics, changing how the game looks and plays every few minutes. However, the last two hours or so, the game suddenly runs out of new things to try and just tries to be Final Fantasy 7, including unavoidable, uninspired JRPG battles (where your characters have only three or four abilities at most) that never really lead to any sense of progression, making them feel more like a chore than a core part of the gameplay. Somehow, this four-hour game (being generous) manages to feel longer and more drawn-out than many console RPGs I've played, simply due to changing its mind what kind of game it wants to be partway through.This game could have been great, but in the end all it can do is imitate what came before and hope greatness ensues from referential humor and ""classic"" gameplay. It doesn't, because the game fails to understand what made old games appealing and doesn't capitalize on its few original ideas as well as it could've. One of the greatest disappointments in my Steam library."
76561198141449261,Not Recommended,233470,12002356,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,RayofLight,"Can't recommend it.Pro:-10 minutes of retro rpg-15 minutes of retro ZeldaContra:-High encounter rate-Dumb leveling system (you can'tsee how much xp you need for a levelup, only 1 stat rises per level up)-Mindless backtracking-annoying bgm+sound-combat is extremely shallowDidn't expect a serious game, but the flaws are so annoying that i can*t recommend it."
76561198016487911,Recommended,233470,13408722,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,CargoRunner,"This game has a great concept, play from the oldest style of RPG games through to a much more modern RPG style. Treasure chests give you new RPG gaming features. Switch beween 2d and 3d to solve puzzles. If you have old gaming memories and still like the old games, then you will simply love this game.The game was a fun experience, especially at the start. But it is everything you love and everything that you hate about old RPGs. So expect to be frustrated! Personnaly, I always get lost in games and so the high frequency random encounters were totally irritating!As the RPG style is always changing the game constantly feels fresh and the graphics and music are constantly evolving and getting better. The story and characters are simple and forgetable but are enough to keep you playing to the end.It is not trying to be an epic RPG, it is just an enjoyable trip down memory lane."
,Recommended,233470,15065056,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,King Vegeta,This feels more like a documentary than a game.The story & gameplay is barebones basic & comparable to FF Mystic Quest in quality.The gameplay swaps from Zelda style swordplay to JRPG turn based every time you go to a new area.The graphics & sound gradually changes from old school 8-bit to mediocre PSX style quality.Don't buy this game if you're expecting a 'game'.  Buy it if you wanna feel nostalgic or have a unique experience.I can recommend this to people who've played or grew up with old school adventure games or to those who want to feel nostalgic or just see what games were like on the earlier hardware.Just be warned that this barely qualifies as a game & is much more like playing through an interactive documentary that jokes about older mechanics & hardware limitations as you progress.
,Recommended,233470,8567439,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Multani,"Evoland is a game that I think pours with nostalgic feelings for most any veteran RPG player.  The evolution from early gaming, to 20 years down the road through unlocks and treasure hunting is a fine touch.  You will find yourself loving the early concepts of the gameplay and how they play out.  By games end you will have revisited many of your childhood memories through either visuals, gameplay, fights, or just hidden (or not so hidden) nods to Hall of Fame games of past. (Dragon quest, Final Fantasy, Diablo, Zelda etc.)The game itself is not very long, 8 hours to fully beat with all collectables is where I clocked in, before letting the Fiance have her shot at it  Probably shorter if you feel like not exploring and just getting it over with.  There are 30 stars and 23 cards to collect and even a small card game to challenge yourself with, albeit for a very short while.All in all, I enjoyed just about every moment in game! I wish there was a run button, but thats just me being impatient.  I had fun finding all the hidden objects and easter eggs in game, and when it was over, I had a smile on my face.  Sometimes we just need a short, sweet game to conquer.  This one delivers on that in spades with that sweet ole' nostalga thrown right in the mix."
,Not Recommended,233470,8807241,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,The Darkest of Lords,"Interesting ideas, poor execution.The idea of switching between modes, or ""generations"" in an action/RPG hybrid sounds very interesting, but instead, the developers of this game decided to aim for cheap ""homages"" and cutesy tongue-in-cheek references. For most of the game, Evoland isn't sure whether it wants to be a Zelda clone, a love letter to Final Fantasy 7, or a history lesson on RPGs. Like I said, some of the mechanics in the game are interesting, but ultimately it doesn't come together, and much like when I collected the 30 stars to get absolutely nothing, at the end of the game, I thought: ""Well, what was the point of that?"" The ingredients are all there, it feels familiar, but something's missing: fun."
76561198201224818,Recommended,233470,30093440,Posted: 21 February,all,Shadow suffer,"Had finished it in 7 hours and got all achievements,it's been a while I didn't find the game's style like this.Keep up the good work :D"
,Recommended,233470,8634399,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,AkRaZyMaNSC,Fun game to pass the time with. Not too difficult and fun to watch the game develope in to better graphics and game mechanics just as I remember growing up with!
76561198007675511,Recommended,233470,8637891,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,DiggaDan_uA.,"Would recommend this to any fan of RPG's, the trip down memory lane was thoroughly enjoyable!"
,Recommended,233470,11190475,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Pasta J,"FALSE BADVERTISING. Game comes in 2d and with no sound or interesting gameplay. I'm sure if I were to continue playing nothing would change.♥♥♥♥, ♥♥♥♥, ♥♥♥♥! Evoland."
,Not Recommended,233470,20176064,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Demokk,"If you find referential (and very obvious) jokes funny, then you will probably enjoy this game. Otherwise, it isn't really worth the time.After the initial 20 minutes, all the charm and mystery is gone. It just turns into a very, very dull game as you power through the unsatisfying and very clunky combat systems just to keep the barebones story going. The last 10-15 minutes pick up a bit, but by that time you will probably be fed up with the game already.Have to give props to the art and the music though, as those aspects are probably the best the game has to offer.This is one of those cases that might sound good on paper, but the actual result is a lot different and less interesting than the original idea. This may be explained by the fact that it all started as a 48-hour game jam project."
76561198093931397,Recommended,233470,16483279,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,missXvamp,I LOVE this game. I really really enjoyed it. I spent a good 8 hours alltogether completing all the achievements etc.such a nostalgic game though reminds me of the old style zelda or pokemon games. I recommend only buying on sale though because of the short gameplay. I would play again one day. I now am going to be buying some similar games because i feel the need to get nostalgic again :)
,Not Recommended,233470,8643975,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Sir Derpingston III,"This game starts off really well, as the transition from the old 8-bit era to the 3D part is pretty cool. But this transition happens in a space of half an hour and the game turns for the worse after the game becomes 3D. After that it becomes a bad zelda and final fantasy clone.The turn-based strategy is way too easy, as your partner has a heal spell that is effective considering how little damage the enemies do. She doesn't do a whole lot of damage (except for x-crystal, but the hero can do just as well.), there is no limit on how many times you can use her spell and it heals both characters. At the moments when she isn't around, you have enough money to buy a bunch of potions to last you until your partner comes back. Because of this, the battles will get boring and mind-numming very quickly and you'll start running from battles just to get past them.The action-adventure gameplay isn't as bad, as some of the levels have intresting mechanics like shifting back and forth from 16-bit to 3D but these sections don't last as long and they don't get repeated. They should've stuck with these ideas as it could've added more puzzles and ways to get around them. Instead it focuses more on the combat, which is stiff to say the least.Overall, it takes a lot of ideas, some from other games and some entirely unique, and sticks it all together instead of getting a few ideas and expanding upon thoses to make the game feel like an exploration through the action/adventure genre rather than a game that took ideas from other games in hope of it working well. Combined the fact that the game is really short and that it's $10, this game isn't worth getting."
,Recommended,233470,14164579,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,nik,"Really cool mechanic about the evolution of the game. It had a lot of elements from a variety of different games that flowed in and out of each other really well. The constantly changing aesthetic and soundtrack was a great addition too.Although the evolution quirk gets predictable and there's no replay value, Evoland is a nice little experience."
76561198086308918,Recommended,233470,14058553,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Scribble,"overall a very good game, could ahve been longer but still a very good game given that i understood all th references and bits like that. quite heavely based off the legend of zelda and final fantasy so if you love these games you will love this one."
,Recommended,233470,14927691,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Stabby the Narwhal,"This game is exactly what it promises.  It's a history lesson, and a game, and a nostalgia trip.  Many of the negative reviews seem to say that the game is short, and yet also tedious.  Both are true - to a point.  The game advances through stages of RPG gaming history; at some point, yes, random encounters do come in to play.  But it isn't exaggerated.  It isn't over the top.  It's just there, because that's the point of the game.  Yes, game developers have generally moved past this in philosophy of design, yes, it has become an outdated concept - but the point of this game is to go through the stages of what an RPG is and was, and so it does that.  It was frustrating to play through the game trying to obtain everything, to backtrack and collect all of the secrets.  But it was also rewarding to accomplish.  You don't have to do it.All in all, if you're looking for an RPG, this isn't your game.  Don't get it, don't play it.  But if you love RPGs, and if you want something fun and lighthearted to reflect on the games you already have played and enjoyed?  This is the perfect game for you.  A five hour romp through the past 30 years."
76561197983259695,Recommended,233470,15102563,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Nicki Graus,"For everyone who grew up playing The Legend Of Zelda, Final Fantasy or similar RPG games, this will be a nostalgic walkthrough with an awesome soundtrack, nice scenery and some nice riddles.Although it's quite a short game, it was a lot of fun to play and I'd recommend it - especially on sale - a must buy!Beware of puns / similarities to those old gems of RPG history."
,Recommended,233470,16421871,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,MB (Harris har en kæmpe slong),"A very good and amusing game, that start you off from the bottom and take you to the era of final fantasy. So if you are into RPG this is a good short little RPG game.There is some downsides in the game, the constant battles will annoy you at some point but if you could look past that you got a wonderful game.4 out of 5!So there is only one thing to say get it while it is on sale!"
,Recommended,233470,8426602,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Rob,http://www.themutegamer.com/review/evoland/
,Not Recommended,233470,9757432,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Arc,"Extremely short, barely any story. Do not recommend at full price."
,Recommended,233470,18423827,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,aulranz,An enjoyable trip down memory lane covering many shades of the early days of the adventure and rpg genres.
,Recommended,233470,26214164,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Lacrima,Short but fun game.
76561198058146285,Recommended,233470,11348491,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,(*)Draven_Rayne(*),EvoLand was a wonderful walk through my own nastalgic memorys of gaming as i grew up. It seemed that with every new advancement and upgrade in the game it would bring back a new wonderful memory from childhood.
,Recommended,233470,11964649,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,JoyK,"This is kind of a weird review considering all the negative I am going to say about it, but I will also say why I recommend it.Pros:-Great refrences to other games.-Intriguing use of evolution of gameplay.-Some puzzles were actually more 'challenging' and fun then anticipated-Art style is beautiful.-Music is simple but fun.-Get to name a worthless character.-Final boss was actually fun and troll-ish.Cons:-I wish the between the different game styles, the damage you take will transfer over. For example, in the open worl combat if you lose 1 our of 3 hearts, then during the turn base battle system, you will have 1/3 of your health missing.-Random encounter was too much for me, but I do see how this is necessary due to small maps.-Mana. Need mana for them spells. Make the game atleast a bit more challenging/interisting.-Potions and Phoenix Downs were kind of pointless.-During the turn base, your character's speacial attacks were only available until the last moment of the game. It kind of teased you, then it just became pointless.-Overall, more fine-tuned turn base system (this can mean a lot of things, but I think you'll figure out as you play)-Needs to be more challenging, or atleast have a difficulty setting. I know that this game isn't suppose to be hardcore or anything, but still...the grinding was boring.-You can move diagonally (eventually), but can't shot an arrow or swing a sword diagonally.-SFX for stepping does not match character steps. Probably not the biggest concern, but it bugged the hell out of me.-Pause button.-Disperse stars and cards more-Little kid in village running in circles keeps pushing you if you're in his way. So while talking to the card game guy at certain spots, the little kid pushes you away. Pretty far for a runt. Makes me want to punch him!- For a game about the evolution of gaming, make more refrences to other game since that's one of the heavy details going for the game.I understand that I have more cons than pros, but hear me out why I recommend this game.Summary:I would like to call this game more like a simple adventure than a game since I found no challenge in the gameplay or combat. However, this ""simple adventure"" does its purpose and illustrates the evolution of gaming. It's funny and had an appropriate art style. My favorite part was when the game went into a dungeon crawler. Overall, I would like to have seen more effort in fixing the small details listed in my con list to make this a more polished game.Recommended:Buy this game when it's on sale since I find $9.99 a LITTLE too much money. $6.99 would be a better price.If you have anything to add to my 'Pros' and 'Cons' list, mention it in the comments and I will look them over then edit them into my review.Thanks!"
76561198074050395,Recommended,233470,11156279,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Azure Toroto,"This game showed me much of what has happened in the three decades of Video Game History. It was a mind blowing experience for me to go from Classic action-RPG of Zelda to a 3D RPG like Final Fantasy, Diablo, and some other popular titles under those titles. When I played through certain parts, There was an mini-game which remind me of Final Fantasy VIII and IX, which was a card game. The Combat even varys as you go on through the game, giving you different experiences all together.I will have to say, This game was inspiring. Inspiring to those who loved the older RPG classics, giving them an memory lane like trip with notable easter eggs from Final Fantasy, Zelda, and Diablo. Still I wish that it could include some Platformer elements or other game elements, so it felt like it spread out more than just the RPG titles, but throughout a part of gaming history.This game is still great, even without the additional stuff I mentioned above. It's a game worth looking into, allows you relive the RPG experience of the past 3 Decades or learn of those elements from those times. The game deserves an 8 out of 10 for the experience it gives out. I doubt anyone is gonna care for my review, but I wrote it anyway."
,Recommended,233470,12058517,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Vc-* | Varient,"Evoland, A land of adventure! It sure is one and the ability to fit story in an ever changing eviroment is what makes this game great. It's terribly hard and it's not terribly easy. I haven't beaten the game yet as I write this review but I can say the concept is amazingly interesting and the minigames such as the Card game you can play versus npc's makes it feel less like a single player game and a lot more like your standard top down view mmorpg.(Somewhat Cons)I'm uncertain if the game will have much more costly items as you move along in the game but I felt asthough the loot you were given (Glis and Exp) was much too high as combat lasted up to 30 seconds versus normal encounters and 2 minutes againts bosses. When you add in your first combat partners ability to heal you and herself this gives you and unlimited supply of HP and the ability to simply farm for hundreds of thousands of ""Glis"" (The games currency) without any worry of dieing.(Somewhat Pros)The game gives you a very clear depiction on how games have evolved and managed to smoothly tell a story within that evolution and adabt to those changes as the game moves along while still making sense. And with minigames on the side the game never gets boring and the gameplay rarely gets repetitive as its constantly changing.What would I do differently with the game?I would of added note bubbles that tell you what controls do what as you move along as it took me 5 minutes to figure out how to leave the game. I'd also add in a map function like what many horror games have that will show you a map of the game or dungeon but will only show you area's that you have been in. It would make navigation throughout the world much easier.My opinion is based off of 1.7 hours of gameplay to which in those 1.7 hours I made it to the point in the game where we meet our first companion uncle for the first time. Those who have played will know what I mean by this. So yes talk my opinions litely as i have not unlocked the complete evolution of the game yet ad it is possible that what I recommend wil be unlocked by playing further into the game.I do recommend this game to those interested in experiencing a game that gives you a gameplay style from the first ever pokemon to the modern Diablo 3 Style games."
,Not Recommended,233470,10053311,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,TiamosLoren,"Evoland is one of those games that tells you what to expect from the outset - and it does what it says it does on the tin. The graphics are suitable for the time periods of when each generation of the games it imitates are out and there's a lot of references to other games throughout the adventure. Even having not played it for several months now, I can recall references to Mario, Final Fantasy, Zelda, Diablo and others besides. The soundtrack is equally as engaging to the nostalgic senses in the brain and it feels like it enhances the experience that you get when you play through it.Unfortunately...it doesn't quite have much of it's own two feet beyond that. The gameplay is often an imitation of it's inspiration - and often a very limited experience of what it's imitating - and has far too much crossover for any one influence (or even it's own design) to actually cement itself as an overarching gameplay foundation. For those not floating on the nostalgic waves, this can make the game feel disjoined and maybe scattered in it's design, as if a clown was juggling too many balls to do the fancy tricks other RPG games can do to greater effect.There have also been some issues that I recall from my last experience of it (hence the 12 hours of playing) where I lost access to my airship through a world map issue and had to restart from the beginning to get full achievement completion. And where item collection doesn't become a habit of face-hugging every wall looking for that one invisible area where it might be hiding, the other time-waster is the puzzles. I will admit, the puzzles sometimes can be pretty challenging to work out and do require some measure of thought, but others bordered the line between tedium and simplistic and a few were essentially efforts to get from A to B taking as little damage as possible.For those who remember having their chunky white Game Boys in-hand in their teenage years or loved some of the original elements of Final Fantasy, this may be worth the few second-hand DVD's you'd get instead of this game simply on the nostalgic vibes it brings, but even then it may be better to just play the games this one imitates due to the imitation being the game's only strength - and not even that strong with very limited ability set to use. For everyone else, see what the reviewers are claiming this game reminds them of, read up on the games this one imitates, play those instead: You are more likely to get an immersive experience from those than this scripted love song to them."
,Recommended,233470,26567990,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Vernias,"This game has a fairly justifiable concept that is executed more or less, ok. Just ok really. The constant inovation in game development as you progress is interesting, but only for the 1st hour. Also, the game took me 3-4 hrs to beat in one sitting while streaming it. Overall, look at the 2nd game, it's much better than it's predeccesor."
,Recommended,233470,16543711,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Traveller,"The first half hour of this game is utterly uncompelling, linear, trite, all around meh.  Then out of nowhere it gets really well designed and written and fun to play.  Huh...  I didn't see that coming."
,Recommended,233470,11981472,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,godslayer1975,"Now i say WOW , this game is amazing it starts black and white and no sound and you work your way through and unlock sound and better graphics and it is amazing that when i unlocked all the models i had alot more fun with this then any of the zelda games on the 3ds . If you want to see the comparisons from pics check out my pics i uploaded they start at the 8bit part and end at the amazing looking game that it is.  Also if you like the old school rpg you will love this , at least i know i did.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=309940715"
,Recommended,233470,8715427,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Rycke,"+ Nostalgic+ Many references+ Tells a little of the history of evolution of RPG games-------------------------------------------------- -------- Very short- The game does not have a history- Easy. Very Easy.Note: Only worth buying if you are promotingA nostalgic game. Evoland is not innovative, does not have AAA chart and has no history. So why play this game? Nostalgic, that's the word. Older gamers will love to play and give a few good laughs, either by memory or by references.Newer players will maybe hate the game, simply because they have not drunk of his sources of inspiration.Another point to talk about is that the game is too short. Much the same, with 3 hours of game you detonates easy. But while it's amazing if you think it was done in just 48 hours. It's a good game, if you have more than 20 years.[PT-BR]+ Nostálgico+ Muitas referências+ Conta um pouco da historia de evolução dos games de RPG---------------------------------------------------------- Muito curto.- O game não tem um historia- Fácil. Muito Fácil.Obs.: Só vale a pena comprar se estiver de promoçãoUm game nostálgico. Evoland não é inovador, não conta com gráficos AAA e não tem historia. Então porque jogar esse game? Nostálgico, essa é a palavra. Gamers mais antigos vão adorar, jogar e dar umas boas risadas, seja pela lembrança ou pelas referências.Jogadores mais novos talvez vão odiar o game,  pelo simples fato de não terem bebido de suas fontes de inspiração.Outro ponto a se falar é que o game é muito curto. Muito mesmo, com 3 horas de game você o detona fácil. Mas isso ao mesmo tempo é incrível se você pensar que ele foi feito em apenas 48 horas. É um bom game, se você tiver mais de 20 anos."
,Not Recommended,233470,9715947,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Aquifel,"Honestly, the first half of the game is great, i loved it!The game works on a series of unlocks (for instance, you can unlock colors, 3d graphics, moving in new directions), eventually you unlock what is basically any 3D zelda game.  The problem is its not really a fun zelda game (i do enjoy actual Zelda), the enemies aren't challenging or interesting, at best they're either frustrating or boring, and unfortunately, the zelda stage makes up probably the largest portion of the game, making it especially sad that its the least well done and impossible to skip.Non-Zelda parts of the game: A+Zelda parts of the game: D-"
76561198052705581,Recommended,233470,7810928,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,barjunkie,A very well made retro looking adventure game with a twist I had a ball playing through this.
,Recommended,233470,12708029,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Cal,"It took me just three hours to play this game from beginning to end, however it left me feeling like there's more to find. A second playthrough confirmed that I'd missed an area. It's full of parodies and inside references, and is superficially similar to DLC Quest, but very different. The boss fights are tough, but not too tough, just tough enough to be extremely rewarding to defeat. It's funny, but not overly silly, and I totally recommend it."
76561198064766796,Recommended,233470,16490736,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,TheSlightlyLargeTuna,"Evoland is one of those games your really hesitant on clicking the purchase button, though i'm so glad I took the leap of faith. It's a great hidden gem! This game truly shows the journey role playing games have taken over time. The action is one of the main reasons why it can be called a gem. By creating alluring zones, enemies, and bosses with constantly shifting combat. The art is another factor of why this adventure is so entertaining. It changes along with the times while retaining it's own style. In my opinion replayability is why you really play a game, evoland practically defines the word replay! Don't go  buying it just yet because of course there are flaws.  Evoland has a fine story, but thats not really what it is about. The collosal fall of this game, the length. I have 6 hours on it and I have already got all the achievments. So it is short, it is sweet, it is worth the buy. 8/10"
,Recommended,233470,7806505,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,โอนี่จัง,"If you here for a flash sale i recomend you should buy this game.The game start with old school RPG style and little develop into modern RPG game in present. If you like Final Fantasy or Zelda you will love this game.A game contain with full of parody from old RPG game (FF, Zelda) Look at the Hero's name you will see it's a combined of Cloud and Link, LOL (and his weapon look similar from someone too)"
76561197996667795,Recommended,233470,7805945,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Patch13,"This game is just lots of fun to play. Just long enough to feel like a meal, without over staying its welcome. It's mechanics are both nostalgic and well designed and interesting. The art is well done and appropriate. And the time/console generation shifting mechanic is lots of fun. Well worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,233470,7809130,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,LeChirurgien,Pretty good mix of Final Fantasy- like and Zelda-like. Short game but worth to buy
,Recommended,233470,7811073,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Squid Obsessed,Its like everygame in one!!!
,Recommended,233470,7804618,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,CastleDoctrine,"Did you grow up with either the Atari 2600, NES, or SNES?  Did you play console classics such as the early Final Fantasy games, Legend of Zelda, or LoZ:  A Link to the Past?If you answered yes to any of that, this game will prompt incessant grinning and fill you with nostalgic bliss."
,Recommended,233470,8014993,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,cliff ♥s you,"Very light-hearted cliche story that I found hilarious. Game was pretty short, but was expecting that due to the price tag. Definitely worth the play if you're bored and looking for that nostalgia."
76561198116357803,Recommended,233470,17560273,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Horus100,..... HOLY MOTHER OF GOD THIIS IS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWORTH IT
,Not Recommended,233470,7803555,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Domplol,"A Nice story but it gets slow around 1 hour in. The battle system is somewhat good, but it gets so boring when you keep on killing monsters for no rewards ."
76561198011483381,Not Recommended,233470,19818754,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Doctor Cool,This is more of a technical demo than an actual game.
,Not Recommended,233470,19296405,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Waluigi,"While this game has its moments, i dont think its worth the money. Most of your time spent playing the game will be grinding through the boring parts just to see what new feature you'll get."
76561198041057648,Not Recommended,233470,26365232,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Eakin,"Starts out clever enough, tracing the early history of console RPGs at a fun clip as it introduces new mechanics and art styles at a fast clip. By around the 90-minute or two hour mark, though, it's more or less run out of gas and you're just playing a shallow, unoriginal RPG instead of a game with anything interesting to say about them. Save your time and pass on this one."
,Recommended,233470,23794590,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Teru,"A really unique little RPG.I love the concept, the music, the graphics and the gameplay for sure.My only gripe is in the overworld/Final Fantasy-like bits the encounter rate is ridiculous and frustrating.Besides that it's a really nice game and since it's on sale right now it's super worth it.I got the bundle and am working through the first title, eager to start the sequel after I'm done."
,Recommended,233470,29336401,Posted: 18 January,all,MP | Grimsson,"6/10 - Evoland is a lot of fun for a short period of time.Evoland is a game perfectly described by its own name: As you progress through the game, you and the game itself evolve.  Starting in old NES The Legend of Zelda style, you go though a vary of stages until you get full controlls and 3D-Vision. The different stages, that kind of display the history of RPG gameplay and graphics, have a quite nostalgic effect. The only sideffect of that concept is, that it affects the players perception of the storyline: I cannot even quite recap what the story really was all about. Atmosphere, gameplay and graphics are continuously changing through the stages of the game and are always quite fitting. The playtime with about 5 hours (for 100% achievements) are a little bit weak in comparison to the price of 10€.Gameplay - 8/10Atmosphere - 8/10Storytelling - 3/10Graphics - 8/10Playtime - 4/10Total: 6/10 - Nice concept, worth a try!"
76561198001759501,Not Recommended,233470,7922407,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Unconomy,Nostalgia does not equal fun.  Just play Zelda or FF instead.
76561198079069176,Not Recommended,233470,14471685,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Yung Dagger Dick,"I really want to like this game, but I just can't. I understand what they were going for. They borrowed from some of the greatest games ever made, however it still seems to fall short of the mark. The puzzles were too easy and somewhat monotonous. However, the boss fights were very good. Also, I have about 3 hours on the game and I have 85% done; it’s too short. The evolution part I feel they did very well. I really enjoyed playing in the different styles and the change in graphics was pretty cool. If I were to to rate this out of ten I would give it a six. If it’s on sale I’d recommend buying it, but not for the $10.99 asking price."
,Not Recommended,233470,7768991,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,WinterDog,"The main idea of the game (2D/3D world transformations and upgrading graphics and the whole gameplay while playing) is the only positive thing that comes to mind. Well, some dialogs are not so bad. Problem is the world upgrades end very soon and 2D/3D focuses are too rare and similar. And other parts of the game (story, quests, fights) are too primitive and boring. Especially those JRPG-style fights - they are far too frequent and repetitive. Evoland greatly lacks content and at least a few more interesting ideas. Really sad to see such good idea lost in such mediocre game.------------------------------Ключевая идея игры (2D/3D-трансформации игрового мира и ""апгрейды"" графики и геймплея в целом по мере прохождения) - это единственный плюс, который приходит на ум. Ну, некоторые диалоги неплохи. Беда в том, что эти ""апгрейды"" быстро заканчиваются, а фокусы с 2D/3D слишком редки и однообразны. Остальные же элементы игры (сюжет, квесты, сражения) крайне примитивны и скучны. Особенно пресловутые схватки в стиле JRPG - они ну очень уж часты и шаблонны. Evoland катастрофически не хватает наполнения и ещё хотя бы пары интересных идей. Очень жаль видеть, как оригинальная идея совершенно пропала в такой посредственной игре."
,Not Recommended,233470,7585698,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,CLARPUS,There was a lot of wasted potential with this game.  It was one of the first games to get put through greenlight.  I recall it mostly being like an exhibit in a museum on the evolution of the console JRPG.  Lots of Final Fantasy references and a very short Diablo-esque part.  I wanted it to be so much better because I thought it was quite charming initially.  They introduce a couple mechanics during the game for puzzle solving that were cool but you quickly move on never to use those mechanics again.
76561197986761253,Recommended,233470,8521230,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Bixo,"An enjoyable gaming experience for anyone who grew with the early rpgs. This game is a great game for Redditors and fans of Family Guy as much like those things, this game brings almost nothing new and interesting to its format, and steals (relativiely poorly at that) all it's aspects from other games. Even a majority of the enemies are simply references to other games.There are 3 games this game takes most of its gameplay mechanics directly from; Legend of Zelda, Final Fantasy, and Diablo. This would be ok if this game blended these playstyles together well, unfortunateley this is not the case. Instead you really just find yourself playing 3 different games that are really not connected to one another. leveling up in the final fantasy gameplay has no bearing on how play in the other games. The same can be said about the loot you get from the Diablo scenario.Overall if you like those games this game will be an enjoyable playthrough (especially since it's incredibly short), but the originality leaves something to be desired, and the flow of the game is entirely too chopped up. Well worth the sale price of 2$ but hardly worth a penny more.A solid 6/10"
76561197974933037,Not Recommended,233470,10192471,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,FbsArts,"The game was developed during the 24th LUDUM DARE competition, and that's the problem: 48 hours to create a game concept, and anyone can see its limits. Kudos to Nicolas Cannasse for sure, but Evoland is still a really boring game with childish structure, that mocks 3 big series (Final Fantasy, Zelda and Diablo), without even scratch the surface of one of them.""What did you expect from a 48hrs game?"". Nothing good, if not a glimpse of something that could have been good, if they had more time.The idea of a treasure trove that Evolves an old GBA game to a nowadays game (sort of) is good. The rest... ALL the rest (game mechanics, levels, interface and interaction) is not. They're just ideas joined together with tape and glue. I understand is not easy putting together something fast and with so many layers of famous mechanics, but I'm not for half-done games and boring wannabes.My compliments for the winning, but as a whole, this game is to avoid. Sorry."
,Recommended,233470,15782804,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Dimo Sparks,"This game has easter eggs and references from Mario, Legend of Zelda, Final Fantasy, Diablo, Skyrim, Dragon Quest, League of Legends and Crash Bandicoot! Seeing and discovering all these easter eggs and references for yourself in this game Evoland is something awesome if you enjoy any of the game series mentioned above. This Indie game is about the evolution of gaming in a JRPG gerne. Gamers who love JRPGs, this game is MUST MUST BUY! BUY IT NOW! WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR!? The gameplay is amazing, The story is great with all the easter eggs and references from other video games and the Soundtrack of Evoland is absolutely stunning! You won't have any regrets buying and playing this game. I can assure that with you all 100%. I really don't know why you are still here reading this, You should of bought the game already!Score: JUST FUN! out of 10Note to the developers: The soundtrack for Evoland was just great, awesome, really good... i can keep on describing the soundtrack all day long and that's why it would be a really good idea if us gamers had the opportunity to buy the soundtrack on Steam. I sure would and most others certainly would too! :D"
76561198119467012,Recommended,233470,18185034,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,torr,Still waiting 5D .
76561197965282243,Recommended,233470,19091378,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Hatch,"Fans of retro games need to play this.  This game lets you experience gaming history wrapped in one adventure.  You start out in simple 8-bit gameplay and progress to 3D graphics.  Evoland was inspired by Legend of Zelda, Final Fantasy and a few others.  You can also find some Nintendo references in the game like plant enemies that shoot fireballs at you.  I enjoyed it.ProsGame world changes as you play the game.HumorNostalgicCan be played with Xbox controllerSimple controlsMusicConsShortThe turn-based battles you encounter in the overworld happen a bit too often.The final boss is quite difficult. Yes, final bosses should be challenging but the whole game is fairly casual then BOOM.  That boss may as well have a troll face."
,Not Recommended,233470,8264787,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Magnetic Lobster >B(,"Claiming to be a parody of JRPGs as a whole, it is actually just a parody of Link to the Past and Final Fantasy VII. Though it's interesting to see the game evolve as you progress, the ""parody"" aspect gets old pretty quickly. After 30 minutes of gameplay you've pretty much seen everything this game has to offer. (Which isn't much)Bottom line, it uses humor as a crutch- but it isn't actually that funny. Even on sale, this game was a waste of money."
76561198065843498,Not Recommended,233470,34212171,Posted: 13 August,all,DranzerGT,"Good game, not worth for just 5 hours of gameplay."
76561198053797376,Not Recommended,233470,7804011,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,August,"Evoland is a game with a good concept but terrible execution. In Evoland you go through the different ages of video games; from 2D to 3D, and even through different styles of games like Diablo, Zelda and Final Fantasy. It sounds pretty cool right? However I was very disappointed with the game.My biggest problem with Evoland is that everything is so simple. The games Evoland are referencing are fairly complex (like Zelda and Diablo) but since Evoland lacks depth these sections quickly lost their charm and became a massive grind. Relying on the occasional funny reference to keep you playing.The worst offender was the Final Fantasy section. This area has timed battles, but the the main character can only attack and heal which made these sections so frustrating to play. There's no summons, leveling up or any of the depth that FF has (you can't even heal OUTSIDE of battle). Depth is what makes Final Fantasy fun. Like think of the difference between a level 1 and level 50 character, now you're forced to play as the level 1 character for the entire game... yay?Next the story... it sucks. Early on it's fine since stories weren't a big focus back then... but it never improves. You only ever get 2 party members and by the FF section the story is still ""the bad guy is doing bad things, kill him"". I wish the story went completely wacky and over the top (as FF's are known to do) but it never puts in the effort to improve it. The game is also filled with unmemorable and bland characters which doesn't help.The rest of the game handles fine. The music's nice with some good tunes, the controls are smooth and the artstyle changes with the different eras of gaming (from 2D to full 3D models). For anyone wondering these changes happen after you find them in a chest.Evoland relies on nostalgia and witty remarks over good gameplay and story. You might find a funny reference, but at the end of the day the game is so shallow that it just feels like a waste of money. I finished it in two and a half hours and I would not recommened Evoland."
,Not Recommended,233470,7804568,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,sbf2009,"Not even remotely worth the on sale price. This game is a very shallow send up of the 3rd through 5th generation of video games. There's barely a few hours of content here, all of which rellies on reference humor that dries up i nthe first hour or so. There are one or two good puzzles among a string of identical random encounters using a battle system with 0 depth. Had I not purchased this already, I still would not buy this game if it were on sale for $1."
76561197984397805,Recommended,233470,12503776,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,MelloYelloCello,"Started and now going back to it, really really enjoying the ""evo""lution. Good nostalgic dungeon crawl and the mechanics seem solid on every iteration."
,Recommended,233470,16613645,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Megalodon,"This charming game grabs a fistful of nostalgia and hits any gamer around during the early years straight in the face. At it's core it's a fairly simple game made up of popular mechanics that tells a tale we've already heard... but considering it's made of games we've already played, that makes sense, right? The Zelda-like dungeons were clever, although I'm a little annoyed by walk-through walls to hide collectibles.I thoroughly enjoyed the game, although I'm sad it was so short. My game time is only so high because I grabbed all the achievements; the story itself could be done in probably a 2 or 3 hour session the first time. I value games on average (more or less depending on reviews/hype) at $1 per hour of gameplay, and since I got this game on the summer sale it was very much worth it. I'd probably still recommend it at the full $10 price, but it doesn't hurt to slap it on a wishlist and wait for some sort of sale or discount. Much like a Zelda game, I'll probably not touch the game again for a few years and then randomly pick it back up to play through in an afternoon or two.I'd give this game a 7.5/10."
,Recommended,233470,17753986,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Obermaat Schütze Arsch Phillip,richtig tolles spiel
,Recommended,233470,16705955,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Big Money Salvia,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game and do recommend it. The game is very unique and makes many smart and funny references to gaming history and other games. The entire game is essentially an easter egg. It's a very fun game with great music, and I enjoyed it from start to finish. It's a brilliant idea, but unfortunately has afairly averageexecution, andthose looking for an amazing high quality RPG experience won't find it here.The thing is, the game could have been so much more, it had great potential that it unfortunately didn't reach. I would have liked to see more ideas and mechanics implemented, with a better than average execution. That being said, I still found myself enjoying it from start to finish. It was fun, and although I would have liked more from the combat system, I did enjoy the battles. Not to mention, the music is great and really adds to the experience. By the end, I found myself pleasantly surprised.So all in all, I did have a blast playing this game and do recommend it, however, those looking for a great RPG won't find it here, and may want to wait for a price drop before picking it up. It is a fun game that is worth picking up in my opinion, but maybe not for the full price."
,Recommended,233470,9916658,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,BlazikenWolf,"This is a gem you wouldn't wanna miss. While others think that the concepts became switched up mid-game and misapplied, I feel as if it has a linear progression to it. The game starts off, with the very humble begginings of how video games started. Then, you must collect upgrades which takes you on a trip through video game history, showing milestones we have achieved through time with things such as; better graphics, different point-of-views, and combat systems. It heavily references to Zelda and Final Fantasy, calling for some fine nestalgia. For the price The game is more than worth it, especially if you like upgrade games with adventuring mechanics. It's just whatd you expect out of a $10 game, but with a tad more captivity. Sure, they could have implemented more to the rather short game, but I feel to them it was more than just a game, it also traversed you through the history of video games itself and to me, was a very fun experience."
,Recommended,233470,8443772,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Timmy the Mastermind,"This is a fun and challenging game that you may give up on after trying plenty of times. Your arsenal in this game consists of a bow, a sword, and a bomb. In this Evoland you mainly solve puzzles and defeat bosses. You mainly solve puzzles using a Time Crystal,  (A crystal you hit with your sword, bow, or bomb that changes the old time with the pixels and the new places with HD graphics and grown trees) a bow, and a bomb. Ergo, i'd recommend this game to the puzzle solving people."
,Recommended,233470,8495952,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Gizmetti,"While this game only takes about two hours to complete, there is something you must be aware of before you play this. This is basically an INTERACTIVE DOCUMENTARY. The game harkens back to old school RPG's and the technological advancements that have transformed RPG's forever. It's a very fun and nostalgic experience. I smirked everytime I unlocked a new visual or gameplay mechanic. If you looking for a fun, nostalgic trip down memory lane in a unique package; then I suggest you play this. I reccomend that you don't play this if you've never played an RPG, you are ignorant, looking for substance or did not understand anything that I just wrote."
,Not Recommended,233470,8616046,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,MrFunsockz,"Neat concept, but lacking in implimentation. Gameplay is pretty shallow, and while the references to game culture and RPGs of old is fun at first, it starts to wear thin really quick.A simple example is this. You open chests to unlock ""features"", for example, moving left or right, or up and down, to music, experience points and every other improvement, gameplay or graphical throughout the game. However, you eventually gain 3D graphics and a camera zoom in for when you open chests. When you reach this point you can only open chests from a specific side, and have to wait for both the player's animation and camera animation to stop to continue the game. This is after having chests that opened instantaniously and didn't pause player progression. This is just one example of how something wasn't throught out past the initial concept, and the game seems to be full of these. after about 45 minutes of play and two dungeons I was incredibly bored and felt like I had seen everything the game had to offer. Spending 6 hours to complete the game just didn't feel worth it at that point.Again, the concept is great, but it's all fluff with no substance it feels like."
76561198058179471,Not Recommended,233470,8495017,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Ana Campanha,"I was very disappointed on the ending of this game. It is based on such a great idea but it is too short and not much happens, really. I almost couldn't believe I had actually reached the end so soon."
,Not Recommended,233470,8658651,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,SilvasRuin,"I would almost consider this game a tragedy if it were longer or had more effort put into it, because perhaps then it wouldinadvertantlybe a failure instead of just a lazy piece of garbage. Its sole selling point is of course the gradual unlocking of basic game features meant to mimic the growth of genres over the decades. Unfortunately it gives up on this gimmick after surprisingly little gameplay, gameplay elements come up once or twice at best, only the Zelda-esque segments are at all fleshed out (and even then, you only get a grand total of 2 items and 4 significant mechanics... including those items), the writing is barely even worth calling a parody with so little effort put into it, and the game comes to a screeching halt after thesecondtown. The jRPG side of things only ever features 3 spells/skills, no MP, and no strategy whatsoever. How this can be called an ""homage"" or an ""affectionate parody"" when the creators can't be bothered to achieve a tenth of the gameplay complexity of even the original Final Fantasy is beyond me.Oh, and when the selling points say ""Revisit the starting area rendered in full 3D or explore the overworld with your own airship!"" they only mean the very first dungeon-y area you start out in, not the first officially recognized dungeon, and not the first town. The game makers couldn't be bothered to render those in 3D. (And the world you get to ""explore"" on the airship is TINY.)With such a lack of content, coherency, consistency, features, affection, or even effort, the only favorable way I could describe this is ""a tech demo,"" and it is certainly not worth its full price of $9.99."
,Not Recommended,233470,8629728,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Young Sandwhich,"A really good concept for a game, but poorly executed. The ""evolution"" went a little too quickly, so you don't get a chance to enjoy each section to the full. Also, it doesn't go deep enough in terms of story telling, as well as game mechanics (items, characters, spells etc). And it is also extremely short. You would expect an RPG game like this to at least be about 10 hours. It barely reaches 2 hours.Only buy this game if it has a huge discount. Otherwise, you can give it a miss."
,Not Recommended,233470,8498870,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Nemont,"This game is about the history of video games as told by a mashup of Zelda and Final Fantasy. Starting you off at the beginning of video games, and unlocking improvements to the game was very fun. However, there quickly got to be a plateau where it changed from fun to grinding, mainly when the Final Fantasy elements became the final stage. When I was getting frustrated by artificial load times and the game offered a grind-required option to disable the load times, I bailed. Pretty painful in its last third, which is why I'm not recommending it."
76561198071486242,Recommended,233470,16710880,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Lil Yachty,"A great game if you're a lover of the RPG genre. It is kind of short but very enjoyable and in my opinion worth its price. The story is kind of generic but you really get to enjoy the game through its references and changes among genres (from an old Zelda-style of gameplay, to a turn based RPG, to an action-rpg. And those gameplay changes make sense within the story!) Really enjoyable game for people interested in history of videogames as well as RPGs. 8/10."
,Recommended,233470,15474200,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,13cat1,"Quite the refrence to Zelda and the Final Fantasy series, the game is a little short compared to Zelda and Final Fantasy but still equally fun to progress through."
,Recommended,233470,11125612,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,KoreRat,"Evoland has really clunky controls and a poorly written story that feels hastily put together.  I beat this game and 100%'d the achievements in just over ten hours, then I uninstalled it, and I don't know if I'll ever play it again.But don't let that discourage you from making this purchase.Evoland is a wonderful trip through the history of video games.  Its a homage to the entire genre of Action/Adventure games.  Its full of quips and references to so many of the classic games centering around Zelda and Final Fantasy.  Two games I've never played, in fact I only caught a couple nods towards other games but have had friends point out many more to me.  I bought this game to enjoy a little trip down memory lane and experience what I thought was a fun way to appreciate the evolution of games.And that's exactly what this is.If you weren't around for the early days of gaming, then this game will give you that glimpse of a part of video games you've missed.  I thoroughly enjoyed every minute I spent in this game and will think fondly of it.But it has little replay value, so I probably wont play it again."
,Recommended,233470,8427090,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Roxas,Absolutely a must for RPG lovers. It brings you back through the years and evolution of the genre just fantastic!
,Recommended,233470,15781260,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Mr. Shibe,"Nice little game, really interesting and exciting at the beginning, then it gets a little repetitive after a few hours of gameplay when you get all the upgrades.I liked the story, even though it's a little short and simple.Lots of references and some funny parodies about some known games.Not too hard to beat the main story, the real challenge is to get all the collectibles.I would recommend the game if it's on sale, nice concept."
,Recommended,233470,16407764,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Gabbbers,:)
,Not Recommended,233470,8990314,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Alexis Olivia,"It's an interesting concept, but it feels like it runs out of ideas about 40 minutes in. The first 20 minutes will be the most memorable, since that's where the bulk of the technology upgrades happen, while the last hour or so will be an annoying attempt to work against the game to try and even beat it.While it's obviously drawing on the generic tropes of fantasy action and rpg games, I can't help but think that the story could have been more inspired, despite being generic. In the end, it's a game that began with a cool concept for a game jam, but might not have deserved a full game release without being fleshed out a bit more. I honestly recommend the demo more, since you won't get much more out of the full game."
,Not Recommended,233470,11471837,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,ocarinasurge,"I really wanted to like this game, but I just can't.To best describe it, it basically tries to pay homage to The Legend of Zelda, Final Fantasy, and Diablo for the most part. The only sections I found fun in the slightest were the boss of the sole Diablo section, and very small parts of the Zelda pieces. The Final Fantasy mechanics were not enjoyable at all. It has you spamming the Action button to select your main attack, and then repeat until all the enemies die. The random encounters are especially annoying because of this.There's also a lot of questionable design choices. For instance, when you die, you go to the main menu. Rather than just get a normal game over screen. The saving is left to odd save points that end up just costing you unnecessary time. There's a lot more that I don't want to type out, though.In addition, past the first few areas, the writing is god awful. It doesn't seem to follow proper grammar, and if it does, then it's doing an extremely poor job of writing in general. First few areas had funny text, but none past that.All in all a poor game. I wouldn't reccomend spending your time or money on it.To the dev: I hope your next game is a hell of a lot better than this."
,Not Recommended,233470,8885691,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Lyrax,"All you need to know about this game is that it makes a Dragonball Z reference before making an Aeris Dies joke.If you think you can handle that, you may also need to ask yourself if you can handle playing extremely watered down versions of Zelda and Final Fantasy. If you are that boring, this game is for you."
,Recommended,233470,30826331,Posted: 29 March,all,『       』,"So many Final Fantasy references... i seen that i got an old sword or something was like ""is it Clouds sword seeing there are chocobos(chobokos)?"" it was clouds sword.. then the airship with a guy infront of the house with goggles on top of his head I thought ""is that Cid"" it was Sid... I love this game more and more as I play it XD though I might be a tad biased seeing FFVII is my favorite game and my favorite game series is the Final Fantasy series <3obvious zelda refernces and play style (i don't care for Zelda so not gonna mention)League of Legends references with Garen from the Demacia Army.."
,Recommended,233470,2678622,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Gharren,"A classic RPG with a lot of references to well-known RPGs like The Legend of Zelda, Diablo, Final Fantasy, The Elder Scrolls and more. If you know and played these games, you will have a lot of fun with this one. And even if you're not so much into nostalgia, it still leaves you with a solid RPG that has everything it needs."
76561197960325666,Not Recommended,233470,9755512,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Rajteren,"Don't waste your money on this game. It has about 1 hour worth of playing, no depth and a ridiculous amount of ripoff."
,Recommended,233470,8413777,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Korbhag,Great 3-5 hours RPG. Loved the different dungeon types.
,Recommended,233470,3262832,"Posted: 9 April, 2013",all,Uncle Sam,"The idea is really cool, the mechanics are fantastic, BUT it's fairly short, the card game is too limited, at the end not everything is in 3D though it should be... i hope they will make some more (free) content to it, and some fixes, till then it's a sale-worthy purchase. 7/10"
,Recommended,233470,19980382,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Kesterion,It's alright.
,Recommended,233470,26285143,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Tablis,"The period of videogame evolution covered within is very arbitrary. There is no representation of text-based, ASCII or early graphical titles; that it might have been inappropriate for a mainstream audience is no excuse. On the other end of the spectrum, the game reaches Final Fantasy 7 fairly quickly and stops on it for the remainder of the playtime. Yes, FF7 was great, one of the best RPGs ever and I played it like 3 times, which isa lotfor me. None of the above is enough to justify this extreme focus on it, and I'm saying that as a fan of FF7.What I was hoping to be a leisurely stroll through a videogame museum exhibit, turned into an actual videogame in the second part of it, and it wasn't a turn for the better. Some design flaws of past eras are introduced verbatim - sudden random encounters, annoying grind, console savepoints. Perhaps it was meant to be a part of the experience, to remind us that games used to be harder, but I found myself in no mood for it. And my favourite pet peeve here - if they wanted to focus on FF7's accomplishments so much, they could've introduced running in dungeons! The slow movement speed only exacerbates the frustration.It still gets a thumbs up because that's just how I roll - one has to screw up pretty bad to get a non-recommendation from me. And there is some entertainment and some... educational value here. But personally, I am disappointed overall."
76561198098129405,Recommended,233470,16523441,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Pyro,"Really fun little game, its a little short but for the price its worth it, Would definitely recommend for Zelda fans"
,Recommended,233470,13603972,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,tgiokdi,"What seems to have originally been a game jam nod towards the evolution from 8bit to cd-rom JRPGS, there's actually a bit of a story and sub card game in here.  It only took a few hours to complete, but it was a good few hours, i would highly recommend this for anyone that enjoyed playing Final Fantasy back in the day."
,Recommended,233470,22960601,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Kstorm,"Evoland is a very fun game in both concept and execution. Through out the game you will be taken on a journey through the evolution of games over the years.""Evoland = Evolution Land"".The game starts out in a retro gameplay style similar to the original ""Legend Of Zelda"", and your hero is a young boy named Clink which is rather close to Link our favorite Hyrule hero.Through the game you will see two main combat styles including: an over world random encounter much like ""Final Fantasy"" and dungeon crawling similar to ""Legend of Zelda, Diablo""Like most games it is dangerous to go alone so early on in the story you will have a heroine join your party. You also receive new items through the game that help you to solve some basic puzzles. Also if saving the world starts being a little too much to handle, take it easy and play yourself a game of double down! Evolands very own TCG game.It is up to you, save the world of Evoland from the forth coming shadow set to destroy your home. Weather you wish to complete the main story clocking in at around 3-5 hours or 100% completion including (Collecting Stars & Double Down Cards) this game has a lot to offer and will leave a positive impression on you. I look very forward to playing Evoland 2 very soon and if you would like to see the game in action check out my full Youtube playthrough/walkthrough in the link below.Evoland Playthrough/Walkthrough Playlist:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLN5UUB4p8yP7TsKZEh7AUIa78_DTJuZwLL"
,Recommended,233470,31656588,Posted: 9 May,all,fateful.irony,"Very good game. Quite clever. Simple, straightforward combat. Definitely worth picking up."
76561197962733843,Recommended,233470,129057,"Posted: 10 April, 2013",all,GhostEye,Short and sweet.  Great nostalgia factor.
76561197995842768,Recommended,233470,15040194,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Lovz 2 Killz,For $2:50 it's a steal....Great for a rainy day.
,Recommended,233470,10927492,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Selth Blackwings,"it is a game that.... will make you spend some time. not too bad, a good experience in itself."
,Not Recommended,233470,12624647,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,DasDZY,"Nice retro game, good idea.Much too short, no / stolen story, it feels like it tries to make fun of FF7 and Diablo.Tried to get 100%, got stuck in a maze. Big start, soooo disappointing."
,Recommended,233470,12613213,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,ash2ka,"Buy it... If its on Sale!I did Enjoy this game.Its a good concept and if you have played RPG's growing up you will probably enjoy the nostalgia this game brings. However it is not particularly executed greatly, can be a bit frustrating at times and is VERY short (although it claims to be a short game in the description so that wasnt a big surprise)I paid £0.69 for this game and for that reason I would have to say that I'm happy with the decision to buy it, but i do feel that had i paid more for it I may have felt a little ripped off..."
,Recommended,233470,8382257,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Xaon,"Very clever game if a bit short. The first game mechanic of finding this that improved the game world, helping you progress just seemed a little glazed over toward the end.I did enjoy the huge battle toward the end of the game. Slashing waves of on-coming skeletons was highly satisfying."
,Not Recommended,233470,7391902,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,DigitalBasic,"Evoland is a 3 hour or so game that has a great concept but pretty much only lives by that concept. A game of evolving Adventure/RPG elements through the times would be a great idea if executed nicely, yet this one fails to deliver on a challenging game with actual evolving of mechanics, both in gameplay and actually evolving. It seems to only ever try to be Zelda or Final Fantasy, with only one instance of it being Diablo (which played exactly like the Zelda sections only with more enemies and money drops). It only switches between the first two, and the plot is pretty much an abridged Final Fantasy VII after the initial area. Even the second character you can play as is named Kaeris. You can guess what happens to her before the end of the game.There is a fine difference between a homage and a game with references everywhere, and I'm afraid this is more of the latter. Kind of disappointed.Pick it up on a sale if you want something to do for three hours, but it isn't something you need to get to remember the old days. You aren't missing anything by passing it up, and there is no replay value after you have completed it unless you want to go achievement hunting. It drives on your nostalgia and nothing more."
,Not Recommended,233470,7808306,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,I Aten't Dead,"If you're picking up this game for the nostalgia factor, I'll give you a word of advice: Don't.I don't care if it looks cool or something that may interest you, this is just a bad game.I will admit, the graphics are pretty good and the concept's enjoyable, it's just heavily flawed and priced at $10 which feels like $5 more than I would care to give it.You see, Evoland is a game ABOUT the nostalgia factor, it embraces the tropes of its forefathers and parodies it in a delightful (if not openly obvious) manner, the gameplay takes time to be varied to show the evolution of the Adventure RPG, and it even comes with a cute little card game which is genuinely interesting. But it's ABOUT the nostalgia factor, so rather than be a game that can stand on its own, it makes itself feel like every game it ""showcases,"" just not as fun. Its most unique feature is a point in the game where you can shift between the ""past"" and the ""future"" to make it through an area, which was enjoyable! But that's literally the only unique feature it has. The rest is a lackluster adventure that is blatantly inferior to every game it pays homage to.If there's one good thing Evoland does, it serves as an example when games choose to be retro, thinking that it would be simple, and put no thought into just what made it simple and fun. While it may be funny, that isn't enough to justify a four hour slog."
,Recommended,233470,16574845,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Oxy,Actually a hilarious little game for those of us who grew up playing basic pixel versions of Zelda and FF. Loved the nostalgia trips brought on by the clever presentation.
76561198136197256,Not Recommended,233470,32309078,Posted: 9 June,all,AegisXIII,"I can't recommend this game at all.I'm gonna sound a bit redundant in this review cause I can't really explain it any other way.The concept of the game is good, and the game actually starts off pretty well.Once the game goes 3D though, it just fails. It just becomes super tedious and is boring to get through.Zelda-like gameplay felt boring and wasn't very fun.Turn-based combat took forever, was grindy, and was basically ""keep using the same attack over and over and heal once in a while"". The Diablo combat was no fun at all, had terrible lag spikes, and was a slog to go through.Honestly, never want to play this game again, especially after that horrible final boss.I am gonna say though, that the sequel is A LOT better and should be bought instead of this."
,Not Recommended,233470,7804836,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Mid,The point of this game is to change graphically and thats all it does. The story is kinda short and its just something generic. If you want a real rpg I would look somewhere else
,Recommended,233470,9872116,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,TheManMountain,"Seriously excellent game, so much nostalgia and not a bad length overall. Play this if you enjoy Final Fantasy, Diablo, Monster Quest or generic video game references! Really good game, decent story and not a bad length for the money. Hope to see more from these guys in the future!"
,Recommended,233470,23937540,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Caim Wildfox,this game is rather fun. even if you just sit down for a day and just plow through it. read the rewies and they are right. roughly about a 5 hour play through if you dont know what you are doing. in all it makes many nods to many great games from the past and in to todays standards. i dont remember when i picked it up but i would say it was worth the $10 i spent on it.
,Recommended,233470,122663,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Yanka,"If you played and liked various games like FF, Zelda, Diablo and others during the 80's & 90's... try Evoland, you should enjoy it!"
,Recommended,233470,3098823,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,A Spooky Pumpo,"I sat down and beat this game in 4 hours. Don't let that discourage you though. What this game lacks in length it more than makes it up in charm. It's a quirky look at the history of RPGs with plenty of tongue in cheek humor as well as subtle, and not so subtle, references. If you enjoy jRPGs of any kind I highly suggest you give this one a look."
,Recommended,233470,7632312,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Tazeps,Very entertaining and orginial idea! so far I'm finding it to be a good casual game I like it!
,Not Recommended,233470,1647979,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,Delicious Orange,"Oversells itself like MAD. Underwhelmingly dry and heartless. Attempts to immitate a smattering of milestone titles, but fails to capture any of the heart, charm, or creativity that made those games the classics they are. It plays like a sterile academic dissertation on the history of RPGs with no passion behind it at best. At worst it's a pale, blind, immitator that squanders the concept's potential. Disappointing on many levels and an incredibly shallow experience. A fantastic concept that falls flat due to bland execution.Even for such a low price point it just doesn't have anything of value to offer."
,Not Recommended,233470,7809678,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Fugos,"Evoland is, definitively, the worst game I have ever played. It feels a rushed, half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt to make use of a cool concept.A major fault of the game is simply in the amount of content; it says that it will take you through history of gaming. Yet the only thing it delivers on is having a couple of sections kinda like Zelda, Final Fantasy, and Diablo.Is that all the gaming history there is? What about some point and click? what about real time strategy?The other problem is the quality of the limited amount of content. Throughout the 2-4 hours of the FF section of the game, you have literally 0-1 spells. And the amount of times you will randomly encounter enemies is absurd. You will sit there spamming left click as the repetitive battle animations play for the same 2-3 enemies in the game. The difficulty in this section is either stupid-hard because your survival is based on your luck not encountering a random enemy. OR stupid-easy because you have a spell that will heal you more then enemies can damage you, so you can just spam it and live through anything.The Diablo section has only 1 button. You spam it three times to do a slightly more powerful move. You do this for about an hour after which you leave this section. ...Yup that's it.The Zelda Section is probably the best it offers so alright puzzles and some actual non-receptive crap content. However this section is less then 1/3 of the game. Not to say this section is ""good"" just not as horrendous as the others.All in all, worst game I ever played. Literally painful to play. Buy yourself some ice-cream instead it offers more enjoyment."
,Recommended,233470,1736356,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Milk & Cheese,"Great RPG which mixes in some style from Zelda and FF7,  only con is that it's kinda short."
,Recommended,233470,4840993,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,squaллe,Awesome trip down memory lane :3
,Recommended,233470,1288907,"Posted: 7 April, 2013",all,Deranged 101,"Not as short a game as everyone is claiming it to be, unless you know exactly where to go and don't bother collecting everything (finding stars and cards).  A great homage to RPG players of old and am definitely supporting this kind of game.  It's light on gameplay elements overall, but I'm supporting this for the core concept and to hopefully see a more fleshed-out sequel."
,Not Recommended,233470,7907142,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Archainis,1 Part I LikedThe premise of a world that evolves in parallel to the history and evolution of gaming in reality is interesting.1 Part I DislikedThe game tried to cover so much ground that much of the gameplay felt shallow and fragmented when the novelty wore off.
,Recommended,233470,8057542,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Miketopus,"It's... pretty fun, I guess. It made me laugh at times and it was a good way to feel some nostalgia. Definitely wait until it's on some kind of sale for less than five dollars, though, because it's very short and simple. Good luck getting 100% achievements, though."
,Recommended,233470,8380031,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,isshun_boshi,"if you like classic RPG or if you are a hardceore RPG players japan/US this game is surely for you, its like playing an evolution of RPG from 2 bit to 3D era. Awesome pickup!"
,Recommended,233470,11158515,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,NeoRizer,"It's good for what it sets out to accomplish but get it on sale...If you want to feel nostalgic and make fun of nearly every stereotype in the JRPG and Adventure game genre... this is the game for you.It's short, took me about 6 hours, used the collectable guides because some of the secrets were just a bit too much (invisible walls... hate those). Backtracking is pretty annoying in this game due to the random fights on the overworld so make sure you get everything on the first pass if possible.There's a card game parody of Triple Triad from Final Fantasy 8 but it's much more simplistic and it's called Double Twin... so if you enjoy card meta games, you'll enjoy that little inclusion.As for the con's it's a bit too simple, somewhat short and not overly challenging, just tricky in some parts.It also plays a bit too clunky for my liking which I didn't exactly enjoy... I was trying to use the D-Pad but I was forced to use the analog stick as it doesn't register the finer movements on the D-Pad. 7 / 10"
,Recommended,233470,7860981,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,timeforplanZ,"So glad I picked this up! It's a love letter to classic Zelda, Final Fantasy and rpg adventure games. It keeps changing and surprising all the way through, and I don't want to say too much because the joy of it is discovering it as you go along. Just wonderful."
,Recommended,233470,2021114,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Netherfiend,"A fun little action/adventure/RPG game that pays homage to the evolution of games like Final Fantasy, Legend of Zelda and others. A fun relatively short game, with enough random battles to make you glad those aren't around much anymore :)"
,Recommended,233470,7973149,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,George Bernard Shaw,"""Evoland"" might not be the game of the year or even a ""modern"" RPG, but it has its own charm.For those who ever played the old games of Zelda, Final Fantasy or any other RPG on Gameboy or an earlier consolewill like this game.It shows the evolution of the early 8 - Bit games to the modern high-graphic perfectly.A must play!"
,Not Recommended,233470,7824650,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,CRT,"Evoland tugs at the player's nostalgia so hard that it forgets to accomplish anything else.  Referencing old game mechanics or design choices makes for a better wiki than an actual game.""Remember random encounters?"" Evoland asks.  I do, and I hated them less than when you implemented them.""Remember when games like this were challenging?"" Evoland reminisces.  Again, yes.  But your game is not hard and it's not very fun.  It's a simple tour of the past.Players should keep their nostalgia glasses to remember great, old games.  You will not remember Evoland."
,Not Recommended,233470,16410960,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Kei-chan,"For a game with a title like ""Evoland"", the gameplay never manages to evolve beyond mashing the A button.It's also full of embarrassing, dated references, if you can call them that. The first boss is literally named ""Kefka's Ghost."" It has nothing to do with Kefka, it doesn't look like him, and it doesn't act like him. It's just a monster named ""Kefka's Ghost."" Funny reference, right? Remember Kefka? Huh? Remember FF6? *nudge nudge*This game is a lot of that. It's also two hours long, which is great, because god, what an excruciating two hours that was."
,Not Recommended,233470,16396674,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,cyber spindrift with corn,"It's a cute idea, it really is, and as a longtime console RPG nerd I really wanted to enjoy this more, but the concept of evolving gameplay is much stronger than the actual implementation. The pacing of the evolutions is poor, leading to an early string of flashy improvements followed by long stretches of dull gameplay that would have failed to entertain back when final fantasy clones were a quasi-legitimate genre. When it comes to references, the game tries to stick its finger in far too many pies, with Mario Bros-themed monsters in one area and Diablo gameplay in the next. The game offers weak satire of some RPG gameplay tropes while remaining absolutely true to others, compromising the humor of the former and presenting itself as blind to the faults of the latter.I mean, it's not a BAD game, it's just a highly inconsistent presentation that overstays its welcome. If the dungeons were a bit shorter, the combat just a bit flashier, and the writing a bit more clever, this would have been absolute gold. But as presented, this grab bag of references won't be much fun for anybody not looking to reminisce about a highly specific subset of console games from the 90s."
,Not Recommended,233470,8374271,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,"Roger ""Verbal"" Kint","DO NOT BUY THS GAME.It makes you think that there's a story, that there's actual play to be had, but it's the simplest LIE ever crafted! Graphics improve, but to what end? All it does is tell you a weak history of how things came to be, with the most pathetic choices ever when it comes to how to actually experience the functions.As for ""company"" reviers, you should all know by now NEVER to trust Kotaku."
,Not Recommended,233470,15765940,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Glypha,"I'm a bit perplexed as to why this game is rated as positively as it is. Still it's not a bad game in itself, but the flaws are very distracting.An overview. This is a loveletter (I dig that phrase now) to a nostalgic RPG time. There's heavy Zelda and Final Fantasy (interestingly 7 almost exclusively, with the exception of the card game from 8)  and other generic JRPG. There's even a bit of ARPG in the Diablo vein, but mostly above all is Zelda. I saw a mention of pokemon, didn't see that at all.Anyway, the game starts out as a 2d zelda (think zelda 1 and snes zelda) and hits a high point at around the time when you can move between a `modern' game and a `classic' game to solve a few puzzles.Aside from that though, there isn't much content. There's a handful of enemy types, three weapons, and a lot of the worst part of jrpgs. Your character seems to walk around painfully slow, and random encounters are mind boggingly frequent, which makes them even more annoying because1) There are no interesting rpg mechanics at all.2) There any challenge that merits gaining money/experience from completing the battles.There are a number of average points. The controls are passable. The music is above par, though repetitive, and the story is completely stock going with the tongue-in-cheek style of satire.The high point may be the graphics, specifically in the 2d scape. This game is one of the weird ones in that it doesn't seem to recognize that I have video cards, and so renders through my cpu, which is just fantastic at making the frame rate suffer enormously in 3d mode, particularly the final boss fight, which not only is graphically blocky, low-rez, no-texture anyway, but is rendered at an eye bleeding 1 fps. Seriously, this stuff is N64 quality, and I can emulate that fine on a decade old laptop, so I have no idea what the deal is here. A trillion little polygons hidden where you're not looking.I got this in a bundle, and did put the time in to finish it, but I can't recommend this as anything more than throwing away a quarter or two when you're particularly patient."
,Not Recommended,233470,14472915,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,SNAAAAKE!??,"The game is really dull; simplified to the point that even people who haven't played Zelda or FF would be turned away from sheer boredom. The game touts it's gameplay and the ability to visually travel through gaming history, through the styles of Zelda, Final Fantasy, Diablo and more. But the game leans so heavily upon it's gimmicks that when the gimmicks don't pan out, the game collapses in on itself. You start out in a Zelda-esque level and you have to unlock movement, sound, scrolling, color, art style and much more via chests. At first it brought out the nostalgia and was endearing to see someone poke fun at the absurtiy that was the sheer volume of items you had to collect and find to progress in the Zelda franchise.But when you have to unlock everything through chests like peoples, towns, even the creatures you have to fight, the joke gets old; quick. As soon as you finish collecting all the abilities and few treasures that you can collect with those newfound abilities (you collect stars that are useless and cards that can be used as a FF rip-0ff card game called Double Twin), you move to the overworld in the style of Final Fantasy. You unlock those monsters and you will trigger fight events in the overworld section and certain dungeons from that point on. Which gets annoying quick because you they happen often and I mean often. So much to the point that I can't accurately discribe the distance from the first level to the first town in pixels or time, but I can in fight events. About 7-16. And the distance between the two isn't large; the whole everworld is the size of an average FFVII dungeon.Why did the developer do this? Simple; to balance out the time you play Zelda style and FF so it's somewhat even. To put it into perspective, There are Two towns, 3 main quest dungeons, 3 secret dungeons, 3 quest areas and one secret area. If you did strictly the main quest, the areas are all Zelda style and take a few minutes to complete, one dungeon, and the boss fight. these would take up maybe 20-30 minutes of total gameplay. The towns are FF type and you skirt through the first on in seconds maybe 5 minutes if you really explore it, you move to the dungeon ahead which takes up 5-10 minutes because of how many fights you trigger and  the only other town you skirt right through in about the same as the first town. So with dungeons and areas alone, maybe 20 minutes max you spend doing turn style based combat. If you tried to find all the collectables, you'd add on another 20-60 minutes for Zelda style combat based on if you have already unlocked the airship (which is owned by Cid, another FF rip-off). So you spend most of the game playing as a Link clone rather than you do as a FF clone, even though to travel to different levels, you have to travel through the overworld which is all FF combat. But there are so few enemy types and all but one uses melee and they spawn so often that you end up trying to run away. There is only one Diablo level (a main quest dungeon) but its another button masher that you can complete in 5 minutes or less.The music and scenery have vary few variations. Added to the boring gameplay, this helps to further decrease any desire to continue playing.  The plot is just ""Hey im a Cloud clone and you're an Aerith clone. Oh noes, its an evil being named Zephyros. Oh noes, he killt you! I am mad and you die now, Kay? The end"". No effort was put into making the game interesting or good, just to look pretty.With that said, would I recommend this game to anyone? Only if you are some sort of Youtuber or if you use it as some sort of oddly specific social game in where you play bad games with and objective such as ""Who can play the longest with out quiting from boredom"" Or ""Who can spot the most references""  as a drinking game. Kind of like some Youtubers who have played Mario Kart 8 and the objective was to place first. If you didn't, you would drink some sort of alcoholic beverage. That's the only time I would recommend this game. It was a great idea, just executed poorly and without any enthusiasm."
,Recommended,233470,7808450,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,ThePhantom,"It's like DLC Quest only it's good.If you like the Legend of Zelda and Final Fantasy series, you'll love this game. You start out in a monochrome 8-bit world with basic features. Once you progress throughout the game, you come across chests that give you more features. Eventually the game will be in 3D and have HD textures. I've played over an hour and I don't even think I'm a quarter of the way finished. The game has been really fun so far, and I can tell it'll get even more fun!"
,Recommended,233470,809928,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,King Grimroc,"If you are looking for a long grand epic RPG, do not buy this! I have heard this game clocks in at around 3 to 6 hours depending on your playstyle. So no lengthy RPG to be found here sadly. Now that that is out of the way....Is the game any good? Yes, it is! I've not completed it yet, and this is just an early inpression after having run through around 2 dungeons, and seeing enough progression to give a proper early impression. For starters, the game delivers in the area it is intended to. And thay is by delivering an evolving adventure game. From early spritework, to 3D. You'll notice other evolutions in the game, different battle systems, different types of health meters, and more. It plays a bit like an amalgamation of various action rpg and turn based rpg games. Quite frankly, it does a decent job capturing the nostalgic feel.The first thing I dug had to be the music. It's spot on. Classic chip tune RPG tunes to start out the mix. And yes, the music evolves too!As I stated, this is not intended to be a long game. At under $10usd, it might be worth it to some. If anything, to take a trip down memory lane. For others, to see a nice history lesson on the evolution of RPGs."
,Recommended,233470,25299460,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,TheUnderdog2020,"This game is awesome in my opinion. It sort of shows the history of games and evolution of gaming as a whole, but in its own interesting way. You start off in a Black and White 2D platformer, then 'upgrade' your game all the way to HD. It gives homage and a tip of the hat towards many gaming greats including Legend of Zelda, Final Fantasy and even Skyrim! There's many, many refrences which probably alot I missed too! Anyway a fantastic game! I absolutely loved every single minute of it. Brought me lots of nostalgic feelings towards older games in the way it makes you grind for xp, levels, abilities and money. You need to search every corner of dungeons for loot and secrets and fight hard bosses until you learn their attack patterns and just roll them. My only problem with this game is that it is too short! Honestly you can finish the game in less than an hour. The only reason my playtime is 6 hours is because I went collecting everything and getting 100%. It's not worth the full price for that little gameplay. Try to get it on sale! :D"
76561198116146209,Recommended,233470,13937914,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,SanditeSpartan117,"From 8 bit textures and basic movements/scrolling to fully-rendered 3D animation and combat, let us not forget about the dynamic lighting too! This is a truly one of a kind game that delivers much nostalgia to its players... I was one of them. Zelda, Diablo, Dungeon Keeper, and Final Fantasy just to name a few. OH! And Pokemon! With the turn-based battles and stuff! Yea... this is what I was like throughout the game.Now let's get into the nitty-gritty....What did Evoland do BEST?evolving from 1980's to 2014 graphics (ahem.. Evoland.. ahem)sarcastic textsa game within a game! (players will know what I'm talking about)references to classic and popular series such as Zelda, Diablo, Final Fantasy etc...great music!turn-based battles, but can get annoying after some timeboss fights are spot onWhat did Evoland lack?lackluster story, not deep and detailed (but I guess it's not about the story, is it?)finding collectables is atrocious, I had to look up a walkthroughcan't continue playing same saved game after you kill the last bossConclusionI recommend this game. Some people say it's not worth the $10, but I'm indifferent. I paid that amount and I'm satisfied. Mainly because I had to start over a few times to get all the collectibles and achievements.It delivers on its concept although the story was definitely lacking, and typical. Save the girl... skip... kill the bad guy... you're a hero!If you're just wanting to feel the nostalgia without having to play all the classics, then this is the game for you. It does very well on that front! It kinda makes me wanna play Super Mario World for some reason....My rating: 7/10 ""Got the job done"""
,Not Recommended,233470,7804496,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,niklas..,Take everything wrong with rpgs and make a game about it. Played an hour of bad gameplay and not that fun.. if it gets better i'll never know because i don't have the patience to find out.
,Not Recommended,233470,1603306,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,「Ｂｏｋｕ♥」,"As it turns out, the entire history of [action/adventure] video games can be summarised by mashing together Zelda and FF7. Literally that is all this game is.It starts out all interesting by going through the motions of evolving controls, graphics, sound and all that before just completely ripping off the two aforementioned with a very minor Torchlight-esque sectionette and Triple Triad card game (without even a catchy BGM to go with it). Also a nod to UT's announcer with text kill streaks popping up and a Minecraft item. Still, thats barely a handful of games.Granted, its quite impressive for a small indie team to pump out but it was perhaps too big an undertaking for them to utilise to its full potential. Its too quick to climax, forgets what it was doing and then just proceeds to end on a low. Much could have been done if it continued its tongue-in-cheek parodies while exploring other genres, even if it kept its Zelda/FF overworld, there could have been multiple dungeons covering them like it did with what it claimed to be Diablo but felt more like Torchlight.Like a firework; this game provides wonderful anticipation when lit and a grand display upon exploding but the only way to know its all over is when you hear the distant ""thunk"" of it hitting the ground in the distance. And even thats only two and a half hours worth of time. Bloody long♥♥♥♥♥♥firework, that."
,Recommended,233470,7757013,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Kona Milano,"It's a short joke but a fun ride while it lasts, going over the history of roleplaying games in a quick whirlwind tour."
,Not Recommended,233470,7776493,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Anal Mayonaise,"I would give this game 1/5 stars.This game was supposed to be a fun 'concept' game, making nostaligic references to the classic RPGs which we all know and love. The problem with Evoland is that it tries to be a game in itself; A very lengthy, monotonous, repetitive game where the 'evolutions' happen infrequently, inconsistently, incompatibly, and generally do not enhance the gameplay experience. The problem is that all of the evolutions and references to RPG classics are highly watered down. If anything, I would describe Evoland as the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ized version of otherwise good games. Don't get me wrong; the trailor for the game looks exciting and is the reason why I purchased this game, but the excitement stops there. Within minutes of playing, I already feel the dread of doing the same thing over and over and over again. The turn-based battles are inconsequential in that all the of money and experience you earn amounts to nothing important, and does not give you an edge in the game. The majority of the game is a primative take on Zelda 1/3ish, containing substantially fewer features than the original. If this game were significantly shortened in length, or if the puzzles weren't boring, repetitive chores, or if the gameplay experience was actually enhanced rather than watered down in relation to the referenced RPG classics, then I would recommend this game. But no; I'm afraid that this game was a complete waste of time. Out of obligation, I completed the game in five hours and unlocked the majority of the achievements (the rest would have been easy to attain if I felt like doing more repetitive gameplay), but honestly, knowing what I know now, I wouldn't have bothered playing the game if it were given to me for free. I wouldn't play the game if I were paid $25 to play it; those five hours of my life are much more precious than this waste of time."
,Not Recommended,233470,224243,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,doc,"Unfortunately this game never ""evolves"" into anything other than a really bland ""3d RPG"", and both those terms are used  loosely.  Even those looking for a nostalgia rush will get maybe an hour before it's run out of fun gimmicks."
,Not Recommended,233470,7792938,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Disastercake,"Evoland could have been something great, and the first 30 minutes are lots of fun, but after that it just gets boring.  The game is only 3 hours long, but even in that short time it somehow finds a way to turn into something that is not very enjoyable.  By the time I finished the game, and I realized it was only 3 hours, I was surprised (in a bad way).I do not recommend this game at the price it is being sold at.  There is no replayablility, and what is there isn't that interesting.  I'm disappointed that this great idea was not executed in a professional manner."
,Recommended,233470,7804585,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Savor_Savvy,"It's like game dev tycoon, but in another way. I would say this is the evolution of gaming. At $2.49, there is nothing to loose."
,Not Recommended,233470,29898412,Posted: 13 February,all,Emo Mcpainlover,At it's best it's a nostalgia trip. The rest of it is a final fantasy/zelda clone (and not good one either).
,Not Recommended,233470,13084177,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,All That Cheese,"An interesting concept, but ridiculously short and shallow."
,Not Recommended,233470,35156339,Posted: 23 September,all,trueyomic,"The game had an interesting concept, but some of the later implementations of systems kind of started to drag on for me.  I would only recommend this to take a mediocre trip down memory lane through class action and rpg worlds."
,Not Recommended,233470,8376027,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,McFrugal,"Basically, this is an homage to old games that ALSO does all the bad things old games do."
,Not Recommended,233470,9600794,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Daheji,"The first thirty minutes are fun. After that, it gets boring really fast. No more things to discover, no real story, only monsters to kill and that's all. Not worth your time."
,Not Recommended,233470,13706080,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Syrsly,"TL;DR: Don't spend money on this.  It's extremely grindy and not very well made.  You can also play the 2D portion of the game for free as a Flash-powered game in your browser.The rest of the review:Evoland was an interesting concept that originated from a Flash-powered browser game of the same title, but the execution of this remake was rather disappointing.I was having fun with the constantly changing environment and controls and other features, but then the game slowed down.  I started having to grind my stats up to survive the random battle encounters.  I also had to grind loot to get a few of the achievements.  I wasn't seeing the constant changes any more.  I missed the fast pace of the 2D portion of the game and felt that the 3D portion of the game just wasn't as satisfying.  Eventually, I gave the game up without getting through its entire story due to lack of interest."
,Not Recommended,233470,12645909,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,3stab0n,Game play is very nice. Nicely incorporacted different types of games and game styles. The problem I have with it is that it is so short. I beat it in one day. Perhaps not worth the money.
,Recommended,233470,24615867,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Rocket,I enjoyed seeing a genre grow before my eyes.
,Recommended,233470,15847031,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,🔴 duNN',05/10
,Not Recommended,233470,15957086,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Poke,"Dissapointment.I had no reason or motivation to play any further. It could have been done better but it kind of just sucked. I can't quite point my finger on one specific thing that sucked, but it was just kind of the whole thing."
76561198030478461,Not Recommended,233470,33258108,Posted: 4 July,all,quaseymoto,Fails to deliver on a unique concep due to simple linear play and few decision points. Barely an RPG
,Not Recommended,233470,31252088,Posted: 20 April,all,UltimaCJ,"Evoland had an interesting concept but there was alot of things left out.Saving games:  Yes back in the day you did indeed have one save slot usually, but most games for the NES evolved several and indeed SNES had even more.  i would not mind this except auto saving feature.  You DONT auto save your regular saves in an RPG.  This is not CoD.This game was overall enjoyable until the final boss, which sucks the joy out of everything.  You have to be nearly crisp perfect to land hits on the boss.  This sucked the joy of the game for me, which is  a shame because the game shines with a lot of potential.I got this sale.  Recommend if 5$ or lower.It's somewhat short too.Under 5 hours.  Even for an RPG that ""evolves"" that's pretty damn short!"
,Recommended,233470,15055010,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,kieranhousa,v v v fun worth £1.74choboco's included10/choboco
,Not Recommended,233470,16407116,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TRUCKFIST,"Blech.  I thought the idea was neat - I was hoping for at least some visually interesting transitions.  But it feels, as a whole, lazily done.  Very little love or attention to detail, just a weak parody of a hodgepodge of various RPGs over the years."
,Recommended,233470,16506583,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Zhorast,"""It would be a great if this game have own story and not look alike FF series"" 7/10 - ZHORAST"
,Recommended,233470,2935637,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Demeandor,"At first you start in a 2D-scroller adventure, and through discoveries such as colour, music, 3D and going left, you start expanding the game. It's great fun - I finished the game 100% in one day. Not because it's too easy (though there are definitely tougher games out there), but because I didn't want to stop. A lovely homage to classics as Legend of Zelda, Final Fantasy VII and Dragon Quest."
,Recommended,233470,30273609,Posted: 1 March,all,99man,So far this game has impressed the hell outa me.It evolves into many different video game genre. And does it well.
,Recommended,233470,32580422,Posted: 19 June,all,ItsHash,"Short, but a good amount of fun if i say so."
,Recommended,233470,19442254,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,乇乂十尺卂 十卄丨匚匚,"Basically a mix of all games ever made bundled in one, why not?"
,Recommended,233470,18278717,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Akalonian,"First of all, you have to understand that this is not a normal story-based game. The main purpose of this game is to give a history lesson into the evolution of gaming.The gameplay is nothing special and becomes extremely repetitive, but this is the way older games used to be. From that perspective, you could say that the game is doing exactly what it set out to do, imitate older games.There is some potential here. You could give this game to your kids to show them what the games we used to play were like. As they play through it, they will learn to appreciate every small detail."
,Recommended,233470,1602234,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Tegiminis,a reminder of how much better games are now
,Recommended,233470,3592920,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,Myrhial,"If you've grown up with RPGs you're going to love this homage to the genre. Filled to the brim with references and authentic gameplay. Due to this, also comes with some of the annoyances of the past, but those really just add to the mood. Really liking the game-evolving-as-you-go mechanc. An original idea that is well executed and offers a short but highly entertaining experience. Perfect example of an indie game that can shine next to all the AAA titles."
,Recommended,233470,3829033,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Hidreo,"Recomendo esse jogo, ele é realmente bem curto para somente jogar ele você não demora mais que 3 a 4 horas para zera-lo e não mto mais para fazer 100%. Jogo divertido instrutivo e desistressante!"
,Not Recommended,233470,7809038,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Edgelord Bart,its too short
,Not Recommended,233470,18649709,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,buny,"As a love letter to the games of past, this game manages to capture the exact feelings of what it was like playing them when growing up. Unfortunately, this also includes all the frustrations that come with it.Sparse save points and a really awkward control scheme with no way of adjusting keybindings (the controller support is quite limited in customisation) leads to a lot of painful gameplay, and leaves you wondering if that was intended or not.If you're looking for something in a similar vein to this, skip this one and try the sequel. They've learnt from people's frustrations with this."
76561198025422232,Recommended,233470,7807964,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Sartorius,Very cool concept and very funny. love it. if you played many final fantasys you should play this.
,Recommended,233470,7804973,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Harlix,BLOODY AMAZING.
,Not Recommended,233470,7809455,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Winter Wolf,"I thought this was going to be something fairly cool and in someways it is, but it was also very disappointing and frustrating. Now that said $2.5 is incredibly cheap for a game so perhaps I did get my money's worth after 5 hours of play.The area that really upset me was the Diablo-like area in the middle of the game. (I don't know actually how near to the end this is.) I ended up stopping play after a couple hours of trying to fight against the lag and beat the boss. The battle of which would be hard even without lag. The lag was tied to specific areas in the game but unfortunately needing to be mobile meant crossing those areas eventually and it was a good likelihood you'd get slapped for 60-80% of your health before you could escape. This leads to a very lethal ending.The game itself is somewhat funny in its send up of various ""Roleplaying"" and Adventure gaming styles. I say that in quotes because my idea of RPGs doesn't include getting wrist strain from pounding on the keyboard. (By the way the game is played entirely on the keyboard with 0 mouse input, though it seems to have capability to interface with a gamepad.)The best parts were the transitions obtained from opening chests and the worst parts were the attempts to create a mini game that plays like a platformer with inadequate controls. I was initally attracted to the game after looking at its store page because of the image of various transitions in particular what looked like a full diabloesque inventory screen turns out to be a joke. Unfortunately the joke is on the player because it is entirely useless in the game.I don't mind jokes in games (in fact humor makes a game so much better in my opinion.) However this game takes the joke a little too far by making it at your expense. Oh the items you pick up in the Diabloesque area do nothing whatsoever and may get you killed a few times trying to get them before you realize this? OK.Ha...ha?Also a part of me thought it was a really cool idea to go from a 2d Nintendo game to a fullblown modern game with full RPG elements but alas that was merely a false impression.The last thing that makes me say ""Don't buy this"" is the fact that the devs seem entirely absent from the Steam forums now. The last response coming in April of 2013."
,Recommended,233470,7812772,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,NeoJack,This game is fun I enjoy the progression in the game. Being an older gamer I rember all of the changes in gaming and it is fun to see them all in one game.
76561198011836100,Recommended,233470,7805013,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Indecisive Raccoon,"This is actually quite addictive and the changing graphics, sound and mechanics its fun to play."
,Not Recommended,233470,15039233,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,MaysonD,"Evoland has a nice concept, starting at the first iterations of RPGs and getting more and more advanced. Unfortunately the game is way too linear for an RPG. Usually it's not a bad thing, but this game is supposed to evolve at your own pace. It's too barebones for an RPG."
76561198065068798,Recommended,233470,13595475,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Mechrotic,"A relatively short game, but still a great play! Watching the game evolve as you play it is incredibly unique and made it worth every cent! 10/10"
,Recommended,233470,28771798,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cm_Pulse,"Fantastic adventure from beginning to end. The upgrades to both technical and graphical styles you obtain throughout the game are spaced out well enough that none of them overstay their welcome. The storyline could have been tighter, but Evoland wasn't about the tale being told, it was about the journey throughout various eras in RPGs. From hack and slash to turn based, from 16-bit all the way to 3D models on a prerendered background, it all felt great, which made the game an amazing experience.If you're looking for a great story, or the best combat possible, you might want to turn away, but for everyone else that just wants a fun 2-3 hour trip down memory lane, it's a blast."
,Recommended,233470,980491,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Orgho,It a nice little game. Short rpg evolution history.
,Recommended,233470,2218437,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,⚜Ŧorte⚜,"A love letter to the types of games I played growing up, its a bit of a hybrid Final Fantasty/Ledgend of Zelda game. The gameplay is alright, I'd even say mediocre if that word didn't carry such a stigma, but realistically you should be playing this game for the concept, not the combat. Playtime comes out to around 3-4 hours maybe 6 if you're dead set on getting all the achievements. Prime your nostalgia goggles and wait for a steam sale."
,Recommended,233470,2915531,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Dora,"A fun bite-sized game that doesn't take itself or the genre too seriously. Easy to play, and lots of fun if you dig the self-referential humor.l"
76561198019513329,Recommended,233470,3248981,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,WTFPsychoPewPew,Pretty nice game to go through the history of gaming. One might say that its a bit too short though.
,Not Recommended,233470,18494246,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,hisoandso,"3/10 This is a review from someone who completed the gameLet's do a simple pros and cons listPros-The evolution of the game is pretty neat, start off as an 8-bit gameboy like game and end as ""high-def"" 3D models. Kind of remoinds me of DLC quest in a way.-The first half of the game is actually pretty funCons-The story is pretty boring.-Because the game switches between three styles (Top-Down Action like Legend of Zelda, Turn Based RPG like Final Fantasy, and Hack and Slash like Diablo) the devs didn't refine the battle systems all that well. The Action and Hack and Slash are very similar, but don't play as well as there counterparts. The RPG system is so unfinished. Levels do not matter and there is no MP so you can just spam special attacks.-Every two steps there is a random encounter in the overworld-some of the puzzles in-game require you to walk back and forth, this wouldn't be a problem except that your character walks pretty slow and by the end of the game you just want to kill yourself-The game has the audacity to just rip stuff from other games and call it a ""Parody"" or ""Reference"". The game steals enemies from Zelda and Mario and just change one letter like ""Zoomba"". Another offender is one of the character is named Kaeris, is a healer, and is killed by the main villian. Just like a character in Final Fantasy VII named Aeris, is a healer, and is killed by the main villian. A texture from Final Fantasy VII Crisis Core is just straight up ripped from the game; the infamous Buster Sword that belongs to Cloud makes an appearance as ""Clod's Sword"". You get the sword in the Mines of Noria, not to be confused with the Mines of Moria from the Lord of the Rings.-The bosses are easier than normal enemies.-The Triple Triad card game From Final Fantasy VIII is also ""parodied"" in this game-Prepare to listen to 8 second generic songs on repeat as you travel through the overworlds and dungeons. This combined with the walking speed also made me want to kill myself.To sum it up, The game is generic and lacks originality."
,Not Recommended,233470,23875527,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Fireeye,"Though Evoland offers an interesting perspective on the evolution of (J)RPGs over the years, its very short length (2-5 hours at absolute max) means there's not a whole lot of content to explore. The obscenely high rate for random encounters (even if meant as a comical element) doesn't help either, and the game's humor grows old rather fast.It's worth looking into when it's on a sale, but at regular price, it simply does not have enough bang for the buck."
,Recommended,233470,12625048,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,"Boots, the Prophet","You evolve through the many stages that adventure games have taken throughout gaming history, from old to - semi - new. It's very, very short (took me 3 hours), but well worth it if you catch it on sale for 66% or 75%.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=331151886"
76561198069050981,Not Recommended,233470,16401851,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,tn4tion5,Nostalgia simulator
,Recommended,233470,7802885,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,rhiannon_3r45mu5,A love song to a bygone era.
76561197970350616,Recommended,233470,7804394,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,[OI]Michan,"This might be one of the most charming Retro inspired games ever. For anyone that grew up playing finaly fantasy, Chrono Trigger, Link and all those other cult games this is a must have. From Black and white to HD, 8bits to 3D HD This is a must play!"
76561198067045189,Not Recommended,233470,13148880,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,GigaMerdz,"Boring. worthless. The concept might have been intriguing, but there is not one good idea in the actual game."
,Not Recommended,233470,13085731,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,TheGoliath456,"All I have to say is, when you finally unlock the game in 3D (pretty much 5 minutes into the game) it feels like your tripping major ballsack. Otherwise nothing much else special about it."
76561198040012832,Recommended,233470,9599083,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Salty Boy,AMAZINGLY FUN! PLay da ♥♥♥♥in game m8.
,Recommended,233470,10767498,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,chucklz86,"Evoland is a fantastic game that captivated my interest from start to finish.  While it was repetitively shorter than I expected, it succeeded in taking me down memory lane.  I was able to relive the joy I often felt playing RPGs through the years.9/10"
,Recommended,233470,11389294,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Flax,This is a tribute to RPG history.  It's full of classic rpg references and humor.  Quick paced and enjoyable with a balanced level of challenge.  If you have ever played an RPG you will like this game.
,Recommended,233470,18398858,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,MrCookie,"Evoland is a great journey through the evolution of game history.Its graphic style changes with the progress from a retro pixel look to 3D graphics.Its filled with little references to other games like The Legend of Zelda & Final Fantasy (VII).The main concerne about this game is the little play time it's got. In about 4 hours you can play it till end, and afterwards there aren't many thing you can do anymore, except if you like to hunt the steam achievements ;)Overall a game with a very cool idea which was nice implemented into the game, but I'ld recommend you to wait till it's on sale the next time, because of the short fun factor..The sequel is already out, and I'm looking forward to play it! :)7/10"
,Recommended,233470,6268274,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,DaddyAndatop,It's quite a short cool game
,Recommended,233470,5666717,"Posted: 10 April, 2013",all,House,"Lots of Zelda references.It's pretty much walk through memory lane for those of you who grew up with rpg'sStill a very good game however, kept me entertained."
76561197994268129,Not Recommended,233470,21198149,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Minister,Would be great to even know how the game is...movement is broken.  Tried keyboard AND gamepad.  Not worth the frustration.
,Recommended,233470,26377568,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,lonewolfknightpsn,Really nice nostalgia trip. short and sweet. not overbloated with stupid things. although perhaps too short for some folks and also if your a bit younger perhaps wont get the same nostalgia trip rest of us might get. mainly 80's kids will get the most of this title.
,Recommended,233470,11991471,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Hušκψ,"I bought this game today and installed it while I went out. I came home and launched it and fell in love. The game can be a bit hard to grasp at first but when you do it's great fun. Sometimes you get a little lost and infuriated but when you work it out or beat that guy you get the best feeling. Ending was alright but could of been a little grander or at least made to feel like you just killed something that was almost immortal but overall amazing game, great story and gameplay and overall a lot of fun."
76561198045735890,Recommended,233470,23158232,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Tyara,"really nice game, with a lot to explore. It reminds me a lot of some old rpg maker games i loved to play when i was younger.Also, for anyone who may want to take a look at the game before buying and playing themselfes, here you go.https://youtu.be/kqTkwLZU_iQ"
76561198041732037,Recommended,233470,23130219,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Rattaro,"Evoland is a journey through the first few generations of video games. Starting with simple black and white 8-bit graphics that resemble the earliest GameBoys, it slowly evolves into Nintendo 64 era features. Each time the player opens one of many treasure chests scattered across the worlds, new graphical, musical, or sound effects are ""unlocked."" In this way, the game slowly progresses through the history of action/adventure video games.Obviously inspired by classics like The Legend of Zelda, Final Fantasy, and Diablo, this game appeals to fans of those games, like myself. Highlights of the game include the unique evolution style, decent music (though sometimes overly repetitive), and a great homage to classic games. On the negative side, the game was a bit too long for me, but only because I searched for every secret room and hidden items. So, without the side-questing, I am sure the game would have been less of a drag. There was included as well in the game a side mini-game, called Double Twin. This was a basic card game twist of tic-tac-toe. Again, an interesting idea, but only good for a few plays, not for prolonged play-time.This also marks the first time that I have gained all the achievements for a game on Steam... No reward for that except a little self-pride...Review originally published onhttps://brockpattison.blogspot.com/"
,Recommended,233470,23210627,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,TheSerialReader,"Fun little game that doesn't take itself too seriously. Kind of a short game, should probably get it on sale. :)"
,Recommended,233470,25610772,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,faheem92,Buy this game
76561197972526943,Recommended,233470,8799595,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Subtiliter,"Evoland is an interesting game concept. Accumulating game features as you go via chests or other means is enjoyable for a while, but after it slows down and stops you're not left with much. In some areas there is a tedious and rudimentary Final Fantasy battle system which will always threaten you with random death if you're not careful. In others there's a decent Zelda style adventure full of tedious dungeons but with inventive puzzles (especially the later one's). It's not an overly long game, but I feel like I would have gotten the point of the game with about 30% less overworld travel and maybe getting bombs earlier. Completionists be warned, you'll want to keep very close track of where you need to come back to later, as there are things you need to come back to in the endgame to get in seemingly every area. Also, the Final Fantasy card game makes an appearance, and I'm even less inclined to play it here than I was in FF8.Overall it's hard not to recommend Evoland. I had fun playing it, but replay value isn't high. My completion percentage at the end of the game was 92.9% and I didn't feel compelled to go out and get the last 2 or 3 things I missed in random chests."
76561198069773715,Recommended,233470,13046216,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Back Clock,fun game i like the graphics changes
,Recommended,233470,15200840,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,coolDisguise,"""Evoland – A Short Story of Adventure Video Games Evolution"" is a well made game that does exactly what it set out to do: in just one game you will experience the evolution of adventure video games. Since the difficulty level overall is very low, this can be recommended for two types of people: those with nostalgia and those new to the genre or games in general - seasoned players won't find it challenging and will spend the most of their time trying to find all the chests in the game. For me, the great thing about this game is, that developers put in many tropes of the genre, also acknowledging the different eras of video game development - sometimes an advancement comes at a price and sometimes an advancement is, in retrospect, not that advancing but a necessary step forward.Altough there are two main influences (namely The Legend of Zelda series and the FInal Fantasy series), there are nods to others as well.One could nitpick that some steps and/or features have been left out, but that's beyond the point - the game does, what it does, well."
,Recommended,233470,4289556,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Chair,"One of the best indie games I've played in a long time, the idea behind it is genius and the developers execute it brilliantly. Comical and adaptive storyline, amazing character development and a huge lack of monotonous gameplay. If you haven't guessed by the title, the game is based on the mechanic of evolution, each chest you find will slowly mutate the game into something greater, whether it be new music, the ability to open doors or just a straight-up dimensional upgrade.I strongly implore you all take out your wallets and buy this game immediately, it's too good to pass up."
,Not Recommended,233470,9774420,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Qwonze,"Too much frustration from trying to little of a experience. When you think of this as a nostalgic game, they are taking everything from old games and all the stupid mechanics. It's not that fun to complete.Not worth $10"
,Recommended,233470,10690223,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Badankekadonk,"More could've been done with this concept, but overall it was a very enjoyable game. I would highly recommend Evoland to anybody in their 20's or older who have been gaming most (or all) of their life."
,Recommended,233470,24364168,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,minecraft steve,grafics r bad ... o wait ther is chest with graphicsi wish i had this for mor games this is some revolutionary gameplay i want to hav tis in all my gamswo there is card game that is gud like the 1 from skilanders wich is gud game and i would play but ho needsskilanders if you got evolands woooooaaaah i just realized thae evo is for evolition that is clever i wish other gams had clever names this gae is better than all other gams wit its revolutionary gamplay
76561198264309649,Recommended,233470,22209203,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,CanadaBall,10 out of 10 would fap again
76561198058741844,Not Recommended,233470,31054008,Posted: 9 April,all,Brygun5754,"It was an interesting experience while playing it, but I feel it was to short and only tried to use the generic mechanics other rpgs have used. With this there is only the story to hold it up, but I can't remember if there was even a story to it. Perhaps if the story was better or the gameplay was more than just interesting, I would recommend it."
,Not Recommended,233470,31116361,Posted: 13 April,all,Bloodwolf the Fox,"At first fun, later just a boring grindMaybe at a discount"
,Recommended,233470,8377088,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,CorKneelius,"I reccomend Evoland for nostalgic purposes. It pulled a couple laughs out of me, and I had a lot of fun playing. The game is very short. Not worth 10$. Grab it on sale and have a fun short romp through memory lane."
76561198090403244,Recommended,233470,7176000,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Scoppypops,Quite an enjoyable game. There's a sense of satisfaction as you progress and are rewarded with ever more complex gameplay mechanics or assets.The few references to other well known games are appreciated too.
,Recommended,233470,20931414,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Sky,"Best ""make your controller work"" simulator."
,Not Recommended,233470,20866388,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ＥＣＬＵＮ,flash game
,Recommended,233470,6519564,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,LordGrape,Super Kewl
76561198138075994,Recommended,233470,27974489,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Rotten Badger,This game surprised me. It's short but pretty funny.
,Not Recommended,233470,19351913,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,NeuroTrophicShock,Pro+ Love the history shown by this game+ Self Aware HumorCon-TOO Eazy-Too Short-Not Enough to do.- Not really any intelligent puzzle design.Conclution:  It is kind of like busy work... you do not need to think.
,Recommended,233470,6553178,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Rymere,"If you like traditional based RPG's then buy this, cool art style and super fun gameplay."
,Recommended,233470,2015540,"Posted: 26 April, 2013",all,Major Tom,"Ingenious game!Could use more content and the mysterious merchant for the 4th heart is a pain to find. The camp doesn't work unless you find a chest, I think."
76561198040387087,Not Recommended,233470,14648481,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,>Xenox_Ilz'ot],"Just for the shadow boss, I die.., and then ! I restart from the last chekpoint, ok but..., the last chekpoint is before the lava ! I need to do everything again, thanks.The concept of chekpoint before a Boss is not for nothing."
,Recommended,233470,9068282,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Mal,"It's an interesting idea. almost a satire, or self-satire, really. It's worth noting, but honestly, it feels clunky and suffers mechanically. If you love old school games, warts and all, and I mean -love-, then try it, but some people might be turned off by the nes/ps1 remeniscent mechanics. By no means is it a bad game, but it's not for everyone"
,Not Recommended,233470,11989654,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Dacuwa #WeAreLPU,"Review: EVOLANDEvoland is a great game however some times it gets annoying.So i'm going to help you make upyour mind weither to buy it or not.Good:1.8-bit graphics eventully turning into 16 bit,32,64 etc.2.As you advance thourgh the game you get more stuff makeing the game easier and better.3.It is good for retro gamers (8-bit 16bit) and good for modern games (3D)4.Good for people who like action adventure games5.Good for people who like rpg turn based games6.Has quite a for achievements for achievement huntersBad:1. At the start of the game your a one shot kill for a while. (Does get better when you get to the 3D part as you have more health.2.The save points are quite far from each other which can get annoying.3.You dont want to play it that much (sadily i promised my self i would finish it which may take a while as i will have too take breaks a lot).4.You go into it hyped for an amazing action adventure game however that is not what you get.Here are some quotes from people with the game and from myslef.""It looks amazing but after 15-30 minutes it gets annoying to play for most people.""""To my dismay, Evoland bluntly tells you, you're in this era of RPGs. I guess its meant for comedy, but I just didn't care for it.      You'll unlock different eras of games and different technologies, such as sound effects, music, 16 bit graphics, high definition textures, 3D battle systems and so on. Its all part of the joke.""""Evoland just makes you remember how fun Zelda and Final Fantasy are, and you'll wish you were playing those instead.""""If you wish to finsh it you have to play 0-30minutes aday (sometimes 1hour) to have fun any longer you will most likely rage.""""Evoland presents a very neat idea but completely fails to really make it enjoyable. It starts out in a very promising fashion but very very quickly turns into a generic RPG with tedious gameplay.""""Don't be turned off by the method used to introduce you to the game, it's called Evoland for a reason. I found the approach refreshing and the game makes not so subtle cheeky jabs and nods to other popular franchises.""""The method to introduce to games is good for about 10 minutes""""Bottom line: A great set of ideas looking for a better game.""""The game has a very charming visual style which really captures everything from the Gameboy to the playstation one in style, but not only does the art style stand out for me the music is not only reminiscent of old gaming music but it really brings a good vibe with it.""----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------My final rating for this game is 4/10 as it has more flaws then good features and did you read the comments i found only 2 or 3 say it is a good game. However it does have a good soundtrack and a great concept. Shoiro Games my message to you is that you have a great conpect and good music. Its just doesnt feel like a final project. However do keep making games as from the advice from everyone you can make a good game."
,Not Recommended,233470,15040527,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Kaelei,"I enjoy the artwork they put into the game, but some of the items and names are a direct ripoff of Zelda and Final Fantasy. I know that was supposed to be sort of the point of the game, to be nostalgic, but at least have some originality.Also, the transitions could have been a bit slower, with a bit more story in between to make the game longer than a few hours."
,Not Recommended,233470,15040722,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Sevion,"This game was an amazing concept, and the first hour or so was great.  However as you begin to open the game up into the 3D part it really begins to fall apart.  The game becomes very repetitive in a grind form that doesnt actually progress your character in any form, its just content filler.  The controls are slow and very unresponsive (From a 360 game pad atleast)Its like they started building the game with this amazing concept, then realized towards the end how short it was and tried to fill it up with grinds that dont actually have any progression to them.  I have marked this game as DO not recommend,  However thats not my stance entirely I dont recommend it either I am completely neutral if its on sale and your interested I wont say dont buy it.  But come into it with low expectations."
76561198031383772,Not Recommended,233470,15042590,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Revanaught,"The start of this game was amazing,  it was a fantastic concept, and had an amazing charm.  Unfortunately when the game hit the 3D stage it basically turned into a parody of other games (primarily Zelda and Final Fantasy).  I really wanted to like this game, I really loved the concept.  I was able to tolerate most of it up until a point where an unwinnable boss battle used, and I swear this is true, a Kamehameha.  Yeah.  This game could have been incredible, but it just wanted to be a parody."
76561198120551383,Recommended,233470,11979496,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Puzzle Destroyer,Nice spel♥♥♥♥
76561198121141656,Recommended,233470,19352559,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Leo The Lion,Great Game SO MANY PARODY'S OF THE GAMES THIS GAME SHOWS (seriously Claud's Buster Sword) LoZ like level design. the only down side is the difficultly if you DIDN'T hate the wizrobes from the zelda series this game will make you want to burn them alive!  (seriously the main enemy i die to most is those cheap teleporting wizrobes)
76561198164679803,Recommended,233470,19378781,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Jomes Shark,"This game is amazing. If you like Zelda or Final Fantasy, this is the game for you."
76561198081575666,Recommended,233470,19400687,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,OtakuWarlord2,"This game takes time to really understand and get used to, but once you do it is very amusing and pleasent. I have had a blast with it, and the slye winks to games of past as we see how rpg games evolved to where they were to how they are now. I highly recommend it. Especially if you can get it on sale. I am really looking forward to getting my hands on the sequel this holiday."
,Not Recommended,233470,15137152,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Whisperling,"Great idea, terrible execution. Rehashes the past without including anything that made the golden age of gaming golden."
,Recommended,233470,16869453,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Joel,"Loved it. The battles in between areas were a bit annoying, but all the rest was wonderfull to play with. Waiting for Evoland 2!"
,Recommended,233470,8585780,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,vece,"It's pretty fun and uses a lot of styles, you can go from 2D Black and White, and pixelated, to 3D and really colorful. I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys old style games and also enjoy the task of having to find just about every chest."
,Recommended,233470,26392346,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Just me !,enjoyable game  :)
76561198120588641,Recommended,233470,8584947,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,lisa.hagen,"This was a delightful romp through the history of video games. If you've played the original Legend of Zelda or had a Gameboy, the nostalgia makes this vastly worthwhile. If you're a newer gamer, the parts that are charming to some may be less so to you.. there is a fair bit of grinding, random monster encounters, and backtracking which we've mostly gotten rid of in current games.Overall, for $2, it was well worth the time spent playing it."
,Recommended,233470,8601447,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Taraxis,"It has absolutely zero replay value (yaaaay unlock the game AGAIN) but the first journey is amazing, airtight and uncompromisingly fun."
,Recommended,233470,8601651,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Fergy Fresh Games,"The game has the same initial flow as DLC Quest, but with no in game currency for purchases. Slowly you evolve (get it Evoland?) from what appears to be a dotmatrix gameboy game into a decent 3D RPG. All of the elements are unlocked individually, and the game makes it very rewarding to progress or evolve your gameplay."
,Recommended,233470,8609269,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Eggs,An addictive and nostalgic trip down memory lane
76561198053834936,Recommended,233470,8609915,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,wide003,nice game!
76561198079353605,Recommended,233470,26348275,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,iushhh,"It litteraly took me less then 10 minutes to fall in love with this game.A lot of humor, change of paterns (2D to 3D, pixel, etc)... A casual but yet unique game I think. If you're the type of person that played few styles of old school rpg games and enjoyed it, i would definitely recommand this game if you're interested in a game that can be many styles at the same time. It sometimes look like diablo, link to the past, old FF...Edit : There seems to be a problem with using your inventory tho... I can't use it anywhere except in battle. It makes the game kinda difficult sometimes but it's manageable.Con :-Kinda short. I recommend to get this game on sale if you do."
76561198047400219,Recommended,233470,10639141,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Jamolean,"shamless ripoffs of successful predecessors. Very well made. Great fun, works well."
,Recommended,233470,23389377,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Jaconey,"Evoland is a classic. It has the tree things that make a good game: Grafics, gameplay, replayability."
,Recommended,233470,23393654,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,TiredGamer,Good.
,Recommended,233470,23437514,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,popoki,"It's a cute little game with a very cool concept -- start with a bare-bones, barely even playable adventure game circa the early 80s, and gradually unlock upgrades to the game's engine until you're playing essentially a reasonably polished PS1 RPG.  There have been Flash games such as Upgrade Complete that have toyed with this concept but Evoland's the first one I know of to apply it to the action-adventure/RPG genre.Sadly, there are problems on the other side of the coin; the first area is charming and innovative, and a bit past that is still fairly amusing, but it quickly becomes apparent that with a tiny handful of exceptions, the game spent the majority of its gimmick early on.  Large swaths of the (admittedly tiny) game after that starting area are simply fairly boring treks through generic locales, swapping back and forth between ultra-simple Zelda and ultra-simple Final Fantasy segments back and forth, with Ys-Lite style bosses and one singular area that offers a fun genre shift into hack-n'-slash.  There are also various smaller annoyances to add on, such as...- The random battle rate for the RPG sections and especially the overworld is way, way, WAY too high;- A few enemies (especially the wasps) dodge attacks too often, and even spells!  I see no reason why missing should have even been a mechanic in this game at all;- There's no way to use your healing magic or items outside of battle;- The healing fountains/inns are ridiculously few, far between and quite out of the way, even for such a small game;- As far as I can tell, there's absolutely NO USE to the collectible 'stars' you find throughout the game, except a pointless achievement;- LIkewise, the collectible cards only serve to let you play an extremely bare-bones ripoff of Triple Triad from Final Fantasy 8, with no rewards earned for winning even the highest difficulty except, again, a pointless achievement;- In said card game you can't organize decks and it picks at random from all cards you own, meaning it would be most efficient to only collect 5 of the strongest cards and no others, though the minigame's easy enough that it doesn't really matter;- There's really no story and not even much humor or charm in the dialogue -- it's VERY cut and dry.The game probably would have also benefitted greatly by either being even shorter and to-the-point but filled with as much love and care as the first area was throughout, or with a bit more length and substance to more fully flesh out the slightly grander ideas presented.Still, though, it's small and harmless enough to be worth checking out, and when itdoesdo well it's really great.  Could have been better, but definitely recommended for the small time commitment and asking price considering how cool the ideas presented are."
,Not Recommended,233470,15146986,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Crimson King,gamesucks
76561198057548220,Recommended,233470,7871282,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Zatanna,"Take a trip down nostalgia lane as this game presents to you the evolution of RPGs since the days of 'black & white' to the infamous turn-based battle system and beyond. It's a game that pays homage to how RPGs have evolved and even pokes fun at the various tropes surrounding this particular genre of gaming.As a proper game, this title falls short (literally). It's only about 4 hours long if you bother exploring and playing around a little. However, that being said, this game was made to solely sell on its ability to humour the genre and to suffocate players with its nostalgia. You'll find references to Final Fantasy, Zelda and more.Taking into account on how this game was made to sell, I can only recommend it based quite heavily on its gameplay, which for the most part, is relatively fun. I'm not one to enjoy turn-based battles but if you like that, expect quite a bit of it. Outside of that though, the real-time combat is actually quite fun albeit simple. But, as the saying goes, it's good and simple.Ultimately, it's a short but sweet experience. This game is targeted solely towards RPG gamers and if you are not one of them, I would suggest you skip it. I do not recommend picking this up at full price but when it drops down to below half, I don't see why you shouldn't spend on it."
,Not Recommended,233470,8748265,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Talonkonya,NOT WORTH $10 DO NOT BUY
,Recommended,233470,16486361,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Petrichor,10/10 Great Game
76561198154605312,Recommended,233470,19284066,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,DjBlaklite,'full comtroller support' my♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,233470,19260751,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Katpichu,One of the best nostalgic games on steamEven if you haven't grown up with the likes of Zelda or Final Fantasy this is still a charming game with alot of great visuals and wit.
,Not Recommended,233470,11982258,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Godsblade,"The first part of this game is fun, being able to see how games have evolved (mostly), but the rest of the game is just some Final Fantasy ripoff with very small graphic updates that appear."
,Recommended,233470,7996392,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Takumashii,"An adorable self-referential journey through the evolution of RPG games, both adventure and otherwise. If you grew up with JRPGs, this should tug at your nostalgia strings while still being enjoyable as an actual game."
76561197995425192,Not Recommended,233470,8396118,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Meanwhile,"As others have said, this is NOT a game.  It's just an interactive story that forces you to relive a bunch of game-mechanics tropes that may or may not have been fun in the first place -- and certainly aren't all that interesting now.You progress through the stages with minimal effort or thought, watching each stage of gaming history unfold, failing to laugh at the jokes that arenl't terribly funny, and wishing Evoland had half the plot of any one of the games referenced by it.But sadly, no.  No game, minimal story, maximal boredom.  I've gotten far more nostalgia out of a conversation with friends than from this waste of money."
76561198005406191,Recommended,233470,16518901,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,servvsumbrarum,"Greetings, I just replayed this game and I must say that it is still an enjoyable experience.  In many ways this game feels more like a documentary of gaming history than a standalone game.  Regardless of that it is a lot of fun.Nostalgia:  This game pulls at the strings of not only the evolution of technology but also the evolution of RPGs.  The mechanics themselves may not be that original (or even at all, as I feel it is the intention) but they are done well and with precision.  This is one of few games that I won’t complain about precision of mechanics and controls as they are spot on.Old but New:  This game does an amazing job at presenting the various game designs of the games they tribute; the sound is solid and the graphics feel clean but within their genre.  I do wish there was more however as there is really only about 3-5 hours of play.A Story not told:  The story is more or less non-existent, the atmosphere is there and yes there is a story but you don’t really care and there isn’t much to follow; but to be honest, this isn’t an issue.  An amazingly deep story is not why you are here; you are here to relive your childhood or to at least appreciate the progression of RPGs.Overall, if you are a gamer you should get this game.  If you want to live through the history, get this game.  Really I feel this is a lesson in our history that every player should participate in, even if it is just done for learning and not for the gaming purpose.  Yes, you only get 5 hours about but it is short enough to hold your attention but long enough to demonstrate everything well.  Enjoy!"
,Not Recommended,233470,24821975,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,anikowitz,I did not enjoy this game. It starts off fun for the first hour but then you hit the caves and it becomes an awful chore. It's possible I was playing the game wrong (since it suddenly stopped detecting my xbox controller and I had to switch to keyboard without knowing the controls) but within the caves the combat is awful. Equipped with a sword you are tasked with fighting people who are 1) shielded or 2) immune to your sword - and also they breath unblockable fire. Perhaps there was a ranged weapon I was supposed to purchase in town but from this point the game became unplayable and I requested a refund.
,Not Recommended,233470,9758306,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,EGGBABE,"A fantastic premise that expends all of it's potential within the first hour, before resigning itself to being bland and uninspired."
,Recommended,233470,9894385,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Challak,"Summary: A game you'll likely play once, but enjoy every nostalgic minute of the roughly 3 hour storyline.Hours of fun: 3 hoursSuggested Retail Value: $5Graphics: 6/10Voice-acting: 6/10Music/SFX: 6/10Uniqueness: 6/10First Play-through Experience: 7/10Replay Value: 5/10Evoland is a fun game for anyone who has a love for old-school RPGs, an interest in how RPGs have changed over the last couple of decades, or just want to experience an adventure that spans several generations of RPG all in one sitting. If that's true of you then I doubt you'll regret buying it, and you can probably expect to want to talk to others about it. I doubt anyone would regret paying $5 or less for this, though there may be a small number of gamers who would feel the story was too short to justify spending more. It's likely to wake the little kid in you, and will probably make you want to play through your library of ""classics"", but I doubt you'll want to play through the game a second time just to find all the ""Hidden Stars"". But maybe that's just because I dislike collection quests, and so completely ignored that aspect of the game (which you can easily do!)."
,Recommended,233470,9366723,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Mortreal,I recommend only if you have time to pass..!
76561197997797664,Recommended,233470,11986853,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Bean Burrito,"Fun game. Very incredibly short. Good price at $2.49. I wish that each section of ""bit"" gaming was longer to enjoy it longer. Definitely needs a sequel now that the developer has gotten their feet wet."
76561197991103051,Not Recommended,233470,12299782,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Puddle,"I started playing this game giggling like a little school girl. This is such an amazing concept that I can't believe this is the first weve seen of it (to my knowledge). Which is why it pains me that this game just doesn't 'evolve'... hehe.... into what it could be.The first 45 minutes-hour have a lot of promise as you unlock new technologies and cycle through game modes... but after that it trickles out new unlocks and doesn't really go anywhere. It turns into a 'Bah-bies first Zelda clone'. I have got to be frank.... I don't like Zelda (Early titles). The gameplay just didn't do anything for me. I much prefer the strategy of turn based combat. Speaking of....There is 0 depth to this game. From the combat to the story. During turn based sections you have yourself and a girl character. The girl is the mage who only starts with heal and you a basic attack. Then, by about half way through the game she finally gets 1 magic attack that does the same damage as your sword attack and you get nothing. Thats it. Even on the Zelda side of things nothing evolves past the early Zelda titles. You get a sword, bombs, and arrows.The story is throw away.The humour seems to just consist of 'Epic Movie' type refrences. You are a lucky lucky person if you dont know what that means....Nothing is really done with the concept of evolving through the generations. I would love to see a larger scaled game maybe by some tested devs who could take this concept and just go nuts. I freaking love this idea and I hope to see it around again. Kudos to the devs for thinking of it but I really wish you would hahve developed it more.Oh, also the game is only 3 hours long. I just kind of gave up half way in because I can't play old school style Zelda without a controller and I just couldn't get controller support to work. : /Update: I noticed a You-tuber I like had a full playthrough of this so I decided to watch the rest of it to see what I missed. I have to say Im happy I gave up when I did.The game turns into a diablo like (using that phrase lightly) game after I quit. Again like with the rest of the game there is no depth to it. You pick up loot that doesnt even effect anything and you are still using the combat mechanics from zelda. You get gold drops but gold is useless and cant actually be used for anything.The story is laughable. Its so crap. I can't imagine what the devs thought when they cobbled that mess together. Maybe it was the day before release and all the writers has hangovers so they got the janitor who played an rpg once like 20 years ago to finish the story for them.You get a map finally during this section but nothing else happens. The boss fight here is just as lame and uninspiered as the rest.Then you fight the final boss and finally get a second attack for the main hero which is on a 4 minute cooldown and is only used once. The boss is in 2 sections. You get beat for the first fight and your compainion dies *spoilers but who cares*. You get an airship to get to where the boss moved to because reasons, and fight in a zelda type boss fight. Then credits roll. Thats it.I can't understand how they were able to think of such an awesome concept for the game but didnt have a single good idea other than that. I pray I see this idea take shape from devs who are actually talented."
,Recommended,233470,9347311,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,seanosaur,"You won't want to pay full price for Evoland, but if you can get it during a sale or within a bundle, I say go for it. It's enjoyable, but shallow. Nostalgia can only take you so far, but I still recommend this game ONLY IF it's on sale.P.S. I'm not sure why, but Steam says I've only played this game for 5 minutes. In reality, I've played it 4 different times for the span of around 5 hours."
76561198027858721,Not Recommended,233470,9375076,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,swerdmurd,"Yikes.One of those games that sold well because the trailer made its hook seem like less of a gimmick than it is.  The first 5 minutes of the game are quite interesting - you literally can only move one direction - then you open up the ability to move multiple directions - then you gain attack, then you unlock a colorized world map, etc.  It's a pretty neat idea.Then, after these 5 minutes, you realize the game should've only been a 5 minute tech demo.  Once the novelty of the ""I'm unlocking EVERYTHING - gameplay, game mechanics, flash, etc."" thing wears off, you're left with an incredibly poorly-made mashup of bad-collision Zelda, atrociously balanced lite-as-hell RPG, and the worst attempt at Diablo in recorded history.This game is really, really bland.  There is the occasional decent puzzle, but most of them take the form of the brute-force puzzles.  ""Keep doing this simple thing until you get it - and we'll throw it in later in the same exact form you've already seen it - but there's a bat on screen now.""   What happened to impeccably designed Lufia 2 puzzles?Watch a let's play.  Stay far away from purchasing this turd - one of the sloppiest (design-side) games I think I've ever played on Stem."
,Recommended,233470,516176,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,Neon1024,If you like RPG games and have been playing them through all the iterations over the years you will absolutly love this game. It's brilliant.
76561198103641867,Not Recommended,233470,22598420,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,gicquel.pierreyves,"The concept looked quite nice on the trailer : an RPG that evolves from the first  zelda to the state of the art as you play.  But the evolution are way too fast, after an hour of game or so you'll have reached the  last one.You would have expected some crossover between evolution, that would led to interesting situation, but no. So after achieving the last evolution, you are stuck in a very mediocre action RPG.Too bad, once again, the concept is appealing, but I would advise to save your bucks."
,Not Recommended,233470,10265947,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Gizi o v o,"GOOOOOOD...dammitthis game is just....boring, annoying, making me angry.it just....so sloppy made and the Known games back then weren't bad like that, i started with the Commodore 64 to Gameboy, NES, SNES and so on.it is just soooo dam sloppy made, everything is sloppy placed, the music repeats until its annoying, the things the game say it will show you get so dam hardcore repetitive it just not funny any more, no real narration or smart system to play supports the so called gaming history they show and many many more.from the first moment of playing until the moment i didn't want to give it any more chance i didn't enjoy anything.it just an bush of references to other game slapped together in this really bad game for ?!?!? 9,99€ ?!?!?just no, don't do it, i warned you."
,Not Recommended,233470,18035559,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,OpenDown,"I like this game, i really do, but it's very short and gets boring near the end and should be cheaper, but if it's on sale i reccomend it, but for the price it's asking i can't say yes."
,Recommended,233470,10045276,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,triplebooyah,"A short, fun nostalgia/spoof-fest."
,Recommended,233470,15062945,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Derfava,I miss Eythor already...
,Recommended,233470,8373174,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Beckynerd,"Great fun, definately worth picking up when on sale!"
,Recommended,233470,779693,"Posted: 8 April, 2013",all,|BC|directpixel,Such a great fantastic game evolving the game as you play. One of a kind.
,Recommended,233470,1482169,"Posted: 5 April, 2013",all,Hodor,"It's gimmick is great, but the gameplay is a bit too ""old school"" in a few places. However, for $10 it's a cute little nostalgia trip."
,Recommended,233470,1564022,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,PinkPony,"A brilliant RPG, half-parody, half-reverence to the old games of yore. You'll see plenty of nods to old games, some more blatent than others, but the ability to progress through the evolution of game mechanics and graphics really is an experiance not to be missed. Progression is fast, but there is enough to keep the explorer in you on your toes for secrets! This really should not be missed by anyone who owned a console prior to the 'Next-Gen' era. I highly recommend it![Update] This is, however, an indie title and it shows. There is little more story to this game than pure immitation, calling mostly from Final Fantasy 7, with somewhat janky real-time temple roaming. Keep on your toes for game-breaking bugs though, especially with the Airship, which you can land in places you cannot reach again, requiring you to restart the game from the beginning.That said: the game is fun, the references are enjoyable, and the gameplay is varied. It's a little jank, but well worth the experiance."
,Recommended,233470,1589671,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,twitch.tv/qwicked1,"Kinda fun, so far it seems like a cross between Zelda and old school Final Fantasy game play. Some areas are random encounter, some are top down action. Opening up a chest and getting ""Mode 7 - Because in 1990 it was awesome"" made me grin :)"
,Recommended,233470,3602892,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,MissBashfulFace,"A great concept but overall a lackluster game. While the idea of evolving a games gameplay, graphics, etc when you pick up specific items set on a linear path is exciting, it only lasts a short time and some of the evolutions only happen once. The gameplay is super easy and the game itself is rather short. It's a fantastic experience but is short-lived. If you have any interest in this game, get it while it's on sale."
,Recommended,233470,5815214,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,euske,"I have to say the Metacritic score of this game was right. It looked great at the LD48 compo, but sadly it fell short for a full-fledged game. The story is so bland and there's no original idea other than this ""evolution"" thing. Probably the technology of this game is pretty good, but at the same time it exemplifies so well that the technology itself doesn't make a great game."
,Recommended,233470,7663868,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Luna LeBleu,"A simple and fun tribute to the development of action and advetnure gaming, the more you play and unlock the more the game evolves in future generations of this genre. Short and to the point, you can easily knock it out over a weekend of fun."
76561198029368229,Recommended,233470,7815040,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Jazz Mouse,"This game was fantastic to play through, it only lasted a few hours before I'd completed the main story but I know there are a few hidden areas still to find, well worth the price I got it for, an interesting take on how a game should play."
76561198023089472,Recommended,233470,7920767,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,joeywan2002,"This was a lot of fun! I bought it for $3 during the steam sale. Having played it, it was worth every penny. To review in one sentence: Evoland is short and sweet.It's basically a trip down 90's RPG memory lane. In the game you get upgrades. Each upgrade improves the game. For instance, there's the '256 color' upgrade, the '3d' upgrade, and even an ""HD Texture pack"" upgrade. I won't spoil any more, but there are some clever ways the game gives you to make itself more fun.As for the gameplay, it's changing so often that once you get the reference and appreciate it's implementation, it's on to the next innovation. This is not a bad thing.Lastly, there is a minor technical issue. In order to play the game with a gamepad (highly recommended) you have to set the executable and one other file to run in compatibility mode with windows 7 and run as administrator. This will hose your hours played in steam.If you're at least 25 years old, there be good gaming here."
76561198014275856,Recommended,233470,2898708,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,dyingturnip,"There's this game called Evoland!  It parodies the conventions of JRPGs by taking us through a spin from the 8-bit era until you reach modern times and gameplay and graphics.  But it hasn't evolved debugging, so the first dungeon phases you and you can walk through walls but can't interact with the dungeon, therefore can't complete it.  I have completed all the game I can, therefore I declare myself the winner of Evoland!1/10 - Bugged out in half hour.  Can not proceed."
,Recommended,233470,4319281,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,DeadAsh745,Tons of fun. I bought it on a whim but it quickly wormed it's way into this geek's heart. Well worth the price and fun to remember what all RPGs and adventure games have gone through.
,Recommended,233470,7967357,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,HerbalFantastic,"If you love early rpgs, it is a great game to play but its extremely too short. only about two and a half hours long and for a ten dollar price, its a very hard buy. i still recommend this game to lovers of the genre."
76561198074021855,Not Recommended,233470,6746448,"Posted: 13 April, 2013",all,zero,Very simmilar to dlc quest the game starts out with minnimalist features left right evolves into a hybrid of zelda style comabat and turn based. The turn based combat so far is dissapointing only a attack and heal no mp bar only hp in  the turn basedd i am level ten with only the basic attack for the main character and a heal and ice spell for the mage. But another dissapointing thing is the auto level up incease attack defence etc. Story is pretty much non existent. The zelda style combat is a sword with a combo a bomb and a bow.
,Recommended,233470,7770795,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Tendou - Twitch.TV/tendousoujii,"This game is great, it goes through all the evolutions of RPGs you can possibly remember. (Aside from text adventrues of course). I would have to say the point the really hit home was the Final Fantasy 7-ish part of the game. Not much replay value to this game, but easily worth its price for something fun to play."
,Recommended,233470,7837010,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Barbatos,"Really great for its Final Fantasy and Zelda nolstalgia, including various references to themes from those games. Controls also parallels the same simplicity from Final Fantasy and Zelda games, but gameplay overall feels very polished."
,Recommended,233470,7853996,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,codeGlaze (5p1k3),"Another great $5-$10 value.It's quick, it's cute, it's simple.It's not very ""in-depth"", but that's not really the goal. For kids of the 80s (and early 90s) it's a nice trip down memory lane. The whole game is a tongue-in-cheek take on gaming through the ages.I love it! Easily something that can be completed in a day (or two, depending on your spare time)."
76561197962820946,Recommended,233470,131183,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Rego,"Picked it up in the summer sale, got about 6-7 hours out of it, including all the achi'shad a lot of fun with it, apart from getting the stars and cards!"
,Recommended,233470,215405,"Posted: 9 April, 2013",all,Tactical Lamp,10/10 Would recommend to everyone! Fanastically done!
76561198048259980,Recommended,233470,9706583,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Dangerous Sex Bracelets,A great idea that didnt quite realise its potential but i would still recommend.
,Recommended,233470,408600,"Posted: 14 April, 2013",all,Denatus,"Super cool, awesome game! A must play for gamer who loved the old school RPGs on the early game consoles."
,Recommended,233470,418717,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,UllerRM,"A short love poem to classic console RPGs;  every treasure chest actually contains a new game feature.  ""You go up from 8-bit to 16-bit music.""  ""You get an inventory screen.""  ""You get turn-based battles.""  ""Your texture quality improves.""  At each generation, it cribs heavily from Zelda, Dragon Quest, Diablo, Final Fantasy 3, and Final Fantasy 7.  Tons of in-jokes and subtle + unsubtle references.About five hours.  Recommended for RPG nerds."
,Recommended,233470,466474,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,[M]ono,"Wow.  This left me smiling and laughing throughout the entire game.  The premise is simple -- starting from simple right-only movement, and progress through RPG history (circa ~2000's).  There's so much overlapping and nuanced inclusion of so many RPG defining moments in this game that it left me thinking about those old RPG's as I played through this game.Nostalgia is one hell of a drug; and this game oozes it.For most RPG players, this game is a trigger mechanism to remember your favorite moments of RPG history, from many, many games.If you've played through Final Fantasy, Zelda, Ultima, Dragon's Quest, Secret of Mana, Diablo... you must play this game.If you haven't, you really need to play through all of those series to enjoy this game.5/5"
,Recommended,233470,1011506,"Posted: 8 April, 2013",all,gr8stalin's mustache!,"I usually hate indie games because they're bad cash-ins without anything interesting and made without any real heart on the developer's end. They're shallow and incredibly not worth the bang for the buck.This time, I found something not awful.Honestly it's fun and interesting if short. A series of RPG tropes and technology through the years. Plenty of decent references but then there's all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""look @ me i'm a 90s kid guys do you remember the 90s please guys remember the 90s with me"" moments with parts of the in-game text. Gameplay is based around what era of RPG you are in. There's an achievement every five steps, but they're either incredible miniscule or they actually affect the gameplay in certain areas. It's not pretentious, but there are some EHPIK MEEMAYS here n' there. One of the few Greenlight games with a not-terrible concept."
,Recommended,233470,1036646,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,𝗠𝗮𝘀𝘁𝗲𝗿,"[7/10] - A charming little game that doesn't take itself too seriously. It's a fun ride, and has some really great moments and a nice soundtrack as well. it's pretty obvious the devs had thing for nostalgia, and aren't afraid to make fun of other games, but it definitely adds to the appeal. A relatively short game, but very entertaining while it lasted. There are a couple of challenging parts, but nothing a good rts/rpg player can't tackle. Overall I had a good time with this title, and would recommend it for it's unique charm and puzzle elements for anyone who wants something quick, fun, and witty."
,Recommended,233470,961577,"Posted: 16 April, 2013",all,Antuan,"This is one of the funniest, most bestest games I've played in a long time. A wonderful retrospective on the evolution of two of my favorite genres of video games"
76561197986574093,Recommended,233470,1095205,"Posted: 11 April, 2013",all,David B.,Really good Game =) Worth every Cent =D
76561198025332872,Recommended,233470,3623212,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Avadohn,Genial.
,Recommended,233470,4285293,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,jexreffy,Very satirical and a good game blending Zelda and Final Fantasy.
,Not Recommended,233470,4704482,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,Wiikly Reviews,"EvoLand. I thought to myself when first seeing the games title that it was going to be possibly a very GOOD Adventure/ RPGish type of game. But i then found out when Playing that it wasn't all it was cut out to making itself. Literally the way the entire game goes is you start off an a Gameboy world and collect chests that can either enchance the graphics or add other features such as taller grass housing developments and more retro type music. The game controls for the keyboard and mouse IMO are a little bit off imo. Other than that though the game its self is just... Kinda boring nothing really blows your mind, No really amazing special effects and they only go to about the amount of FFVII's graphic style. Which also your companion for the game sucks I mean really sucks shes only good for healing dont EVER USE HER TO ATTACK you'll regret it. Literally if you like only 2 Hit Damage On a Monster go ahead keep doing it. The company even resorts to having an exact replica of a statue of BOWSER from Mario in the game. Um how did they sneak that in and Nintendo didnt notice it? Seriously Nintendo needs to know about this PRONTO! I honestly had more higher hopes for this game as it was suppose to take like a Zelda and FinalFantasy game instead though the very end of the game is gonna leave you thinking ""Wow I spent 3 almost 4 hours on a game and beat it with no problem"". And thats it its very short, no special endings, and just pretty bland. If you buy this game get it when its on sale at like $5 or lower. Otherwise if you see this for higher than $9 dont get it. It will leave a little bad taste in your mouth. 5/10"
,Recommended,233470,7055885,"Posted: 6 April, 2013",all,Daiakaro,"Good little game; not too short, not too long, lots of fun. PROTIP, in the first fight with Zephyros, just let yourself lose immediately, I wasted ALL my potions and stuff in an unwinnable figh."
,Recommended,233470,7804917,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Dagurdan,It's fun with a good amount of retro humour. but it can also be overly simplistic at times
,Recommended,233470,7815144,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Keblin,"Wow, this game is fantastic. If you like FINAL FANTASY and / or ZELDA consider this game.It's bloody genius, the concept is amazing and it's made me laugh loads, even in the first minute.I'm playing this game with a massive grin on my face. It's ffaaa - funny, fun, addictive and awesome lol"
76561198035865707,Recommended,233470,7816021,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Picante Dante,Evoland evoked a lot of memories from gaming as a child.  If you loved the original final fantasy or Legend of Zelda then you should definitely give Evoland a shot.  Watch as the graphics and gameplay evolve before your eyes.  Good for a few hours of gameplay.
,Recommended,233470,7816702,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,KDGMR,This game is AMAZING! I'm loving every second of it! There are so many awesome references to so many awesome games that it's just a treat. It's like an awesome dessert!My only gripe is how many nods there are to past Final Fantasy games... but I guess since it's all about parodies of the RPG genre in general it makes sense to focus on the most popular titles.
,Recommended,233470,7817237,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Alexios,"This game is fantastic.It's a trip through the history of action/adventure/rpg genre. Zelda, Final Fantasy, Chrono Trigger, all of those jewels from the nineties. Not many things hit the Nostalgia Button as hard as this game, especially with the way it uses game mechanism's to develop it's storyline.It's an amazing experience and if you grew up with a SNES or a PSX you will love this game."
,Recommended,233470,7818544,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Richo,"Interesting concept. Travelling through the history of RPG's for me was both nostalgic and edifing.  Unlocking game features feels very rewarding and there was a good dose of humor along the way. It is however a 'short story', as advertised, and feels a bit rushed (especially towards the end). I would love to see this concept developed further, but 4hours of gameplay for $5, you decide."
