user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,233450,23373735,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Woofel,32 prisoners have serious complaints*distant shotgun blast*31 prisoners have serious complaints10/10
76561198087689957,Recommended,233450,14323487,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Blyatman,"-Built a beautiful prison-Received a freakin legendary prisonner-Built a mini prison only for him-Hired 3 armed guards, 3 guards, and 3 dog handlers to watch over him day and night-He stole a lighter which was brought to him by someone who threw it over the perimeter wall 3KM far from his cell-Burnt his cell down-Stole a shotgun and killed each of my guards-Paused the game and made 10 normal guards spawn in front of him-He shot his way through them-Received 19 times 24H of lockdown for his crimes when I finally managed to handcuff him-Starved to death because I had no way to remove his sentence-10/10 The developpers made Chuck Norris starve"
,Recommended,233450,13018231,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Yeeshmere,"I raided a Prisoner's cell and found thirty spoons, he wasn't even tunneling, just had a collection going."
76561198042257544,Recommended,233450,19925294,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,La-Li-Lu-Le-Lo??!?!,>Keep prisoners locked up most of the day>Most of them Max security>♥♥♥♥♥♥ living conditions>They all want freedom>I'llshowyoufreedom.gif>Place twenty armed guards on patrol at the entrance>Remove doors to make the entrance a wide open exit>ShowTime.jpg>During breakfast they all make a break for the door>Armed guards mow down more than 60 prisoners before the rest of them surrender>Next day all of them are happy>None want freedom>Communism strikes again!
,Recommended,233450,18355432,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Rice,"I received a low-threat prisoner, so I didn't pay much attention to him.How wrong I was..It was a normal, average day. The prisoners were eating their lunch.. then it happened.He attacked from the shadows.Prisoner ""Leeroy jenkins"" viciously started stabbing my guards with his plastic fork. It was 5 against one.He'll never win, I thought.He'll never escape, I thought.He'll never survive, I thought.I thought wrong.He managed to start a full-scale riot, him and his army of offenders. They broke all 7 of my steel doors with their bare fists, escaping into the yard. They were almost out. I quickly hired God-knows-how-many dog handlers, in a valiant effort to hold them back until the authorities get here. I managed to keep the tsunami of prisoners back, put the prison on lockdown and finally the armed police got here.I did it, I stopped the riot.But then I saw that one particular cell was empty. Then I realized..LEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEROOOOOOOOOOOY JEEEENKINS!54/11 would plastic fork again."
76561198072389633,Recommended,233450,12487801,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,{FOX} SlightlyAmused,"Spent three hours planning,Had my first set of prisoners,Forget to enclose prison,After yard time they all just walked off to freedom.10/10After many let downs with other Early Access games this one gives me hope. Constant updates and enough of a full game to feel complete make this worth of a purchase.Edit 3/21/15:With over $13,000,000 these two ""developers"" made off this game so far --- and note, Heavy Rain's budget was $25,000,000 --- I'm pretty sure they're directing your money right in their pockets.-And you're mad they are keeping the money you paid them when they have been up front about their plans? I mean, if I was selling burgers for 3 bucks and people kept paying me for them I would pocket the money too.And the apologists who think devs these days have good intentions, are on a completely different planet. Instead of getting a dev team and a tester team up and ready to push this game on the shelves-Its their product and sadly they can do what they want with it. We paid to play an unfinsihed product and be the testers. EA is not so we can get our greedy hands on games before they are ready, its so we can be involved in the creation. These devs have actually listened to their players since day one.they're shoving that money right up their noses.-Thats just mean.This could have been a complete, possibly addictive and fully polished game by the end of 2014-Not with the way the people who made the game were going with it.We're talking about sprites for god sakes.-Earthbound, ChronoTrigger, Secret Of Mana, FF<6......This game has added so much on the macro and micro level that if all you see are sprites you need to go back to COD."
,Recommended,233450,12805004,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Generalbirdy,"16 hours sank in three days. Not much for some, but when you have multiple assignments due, it's a pretty big deal.That's how good this game is. Better than my Masters Degree."
,Recommended,233450,23290457,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Wolfy,"This game is insanely fun. But it does have it problems.I'll talk about what I love about it and then I'll talk about what I hate.1, Gangs.The fact you can get gangs in your prison is great. They'll work together to escape and to kill/fight during a riot or skirmish.I find it perfect that I can section off gang members between cell blocks, And one day open up the doors and watch the murder spree insue, Before sending my armed guards set to free-fire in to crap on the resistance.2, Mods.With this game you can see almost anything anytime with mods, I once had a mod that is sadly out of date now, Which set the base agression of the prisoners to near-riot at all times. Me moving one prisoner to another cell set off the entire prison into a rampage. Total death toll was over 400 prisoners, 300 guards and the 5 admins, Whom, Got rushed by gun-weilding gangs.3, Armed Guards.The fact I can turn my prison into a DPRK Political Prison is just great. Putting guards in the canteena with free-fire on is possibly the best way to maintain order in my prisons while keeping the quality as low as it can possibly go. No janitors, No health care, NOTHING.Those were the things I like about this game, Time to get into the stuff I hate.1, Workers.The workers get stuck far to often for their own good, It seriously calls into question what the level of education required for their field of work is. I once had about 50 workers stuck behind a wall, and 20 more in another. The sad thing is, When i tried to free them, The oposite set would be assigned to free the other. This lasted 20 mins before i hired 100 more.They also have a tendency to shove their faces into the edge of the map once you buy a gate, Its annoying.2, Easy to trigger prisoners.Now, I did say before that I had a mod that triggered them, But it seems the mod is useless now, The prisoners in this game seem to be like their personality was taken straight from forums dedicated to complaints and petty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ The prisoners can be set off for litterally walking to far. Its rediculas when you have to kill half your prison beacuse they hate WALKING.3, Cell Quality.This is a prison, Not a luxury hotel. Enough said.I hope yall found this review usefull, At all. Probably not."
,Recommended,233450,24755076,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Eclipse,">I decided to start a new prison.>I managed to progress farther then any of my other prisons.>A legendary prisoner named Leonidas I arrived at my prison.>I built a cell surrounded with 3 layer thick concrete walls, solitary doors, and armed guards.>Leonidas managed to break the doors down and kill an armed guard while the rest were resting.>He took down 2 armed guards and 5 guards in half a minute.>Since he was an instigator, he managed to upset the prisoners in the canteen.>My 300 prisoners in the canteen started a massive riot.>The 300 prisoners followed Leonidas, as they mowed down all of my guards and busted down all the doors.>The ceo called and told me to stop the riot.>I ordered a whole squad of riot guards into the prison.>Leonidas and his 300 prisoners easily mowed down the riot guards.>The ceo finally called and ordered the army to move in.>Leonidas and his 300 prisoners were shot down in cold blood by the army.>Leonidas and his 300 prisoners may be dead, but they shall remain in history.11/10 Would Sparta again."
76561198024776763,Recommended,233450,18351993,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Lord SkullDean Of The South Sea,"Where do I begin with a game like this. Well for starters this game was made by an indie company, no big publisher backing Introversion, they have done an amazing job getting this game to where it is at this time. In short, buy this game it is an amazing experience.For those who wish to read, I will now go over the pros and cons of this game in detail.Pros:Build just the way you want:There are very few contraints when building. I'd liken it to Sims 3 from a top down perspective in terms of building. It's great fun.Cartoony but realistic at the same time:The game has a very distinctive art style that is unique to the game, but it deals with serious topics such as if you will execute a death row prisoner or not, or if you will keep a prisoner locked up for virtually all of his day. This game makes you think.It's tough, but only if you want it to be/You can go at your own pace:The aim of the game is not to amass one billion dollars, but to have the lowest reoffending rate for released prisoners, and every in game day can be marginally relaxing if you want it to. For instance you can run a low-security, generally free environment where the aim is to rehabilitate your prisoners through the use of classes you can run, or you can run a max-sec environment punishing the most hardcore of criminals. It's all up to you.A dedicated team:I have watched nearly every alpha video that has been published, and I can clearly see that Introversion software is very passionate about the project. There were (As of writing this it's about a day off offical release) new features each month, and it was a pleasure to watch each and every video.If you enjoyed Sim City you'll love this. There are features very soon to be released I haven't gone over yet,  as well as features I missed,but you'll see for yourself.Cons:Somewhat gruelling at the start:After putting a good 200 hours into the game as a whole, this is probably my most major complaint with the game, is that in the beginning you start with 30K and the only way you can make money is via grants, but selling your first prison is practically the only way to make cash when you're still learning the ropes.Overall a solid 8.5/9 out of 10, certainly one of the best sim and strategy/managment games I have ever played. For $30 you will get a lot of fun out of this. Strongly recommended."
,Recommended,233450,18337706,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Mittsies,"I first played Prison Architect during one of its earliest alpha stages. The game was buggy, limited and filled with core problems but the base idea was still really interesting and I saw a lot of potential. Over the years the game has been polished little by little and I'd say, at this point, the game feels incredibly solid. It's refreshing to see indie developers who legitimately care about making a good game and aren't just focused on appealing to a huge audience and making money.You play as a warden, build a prison from the ground up, and get regular paychecks to keep inmates locked away. You need to make sure the prisoners have basic needs met like food and entertainment, otherwise they'll get rowdy and start trouble (like murdering each other, or breaking things). The concept is very straight-forward. As someone who enjoys games like Sim City and Dwarf Fortress (as well as prison movies) this was very up my alley.You can min-max the perfect prison, or you can just have fun with it and design a chaotic madhouse that's destined to fail. My favorite prison design, my own invention of course, is to have every single part of the prison connect to one center room. That center room is the ""warden's office + shower"" combo. Watch as the warden lives a constant life of fear while the 50+ maximum security prisoners cram their way into the showers meant for no more than 10 people at a time. The warden is sitting there with lamenated paperwork, crying, trying to get something done while all these ruthless thugs wash up. The previous warden is floating, face down in the shower water, right next to the new warden's desk. Yep. Good times.Rating: A"
76561198044004790,Recommended,233450,13988044,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,mpwn,"Built a prison, had prisoner named Maxwell. Maxwell was in prison for stealing a guitar, Maxwell got defensive when others ridiculed him. I am the warden of this prison, time to save maxwell. Relocate him near our armory, let him roam around freely for a few days to collect items. Send him back to his old cell, metal detectors are set off, call guards off tell them this is neccesary. Send Maxwell and everyone who ridiculed him to the shower, locked the doors. Maxwell was the only one to come out.10/10 Would play again"
,Recommended,233450,13147247,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,kykle_,I found a spoon in an inmates cell and I called the swat team in and they killed half the prison.
76561197978063625,Recommended,233450,15229489,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,HulaGremlin,"I whole heartedly recommend this game.  At the time of review I have 210 hrs of game time in.  Far behind in my library at #2 is Kerbal Space Program with 105.  This game is perfectly paced, completely open to infinite designs and has so much depth I can easily see hitting 500hrs.  After the latest update (alpha 31) this game is packed with content and the workshop offers massive expansion and awesome mods (Imperial architect being my current fav.  Star wars prison!).Pros:As big as you wanna be!  Want to make a small 25 person prison  that runs efficiently and makes money with minimum security bluecollar criminals?  Go ahead!  Want to make a 500 person Max security only iron curtain that can hold and control intensely volatile and psychotic madmen?  Sure can!Well designed!  The UI and indicators for things like prison heat, tech tree, controlling and managing intake and regime of the inmates and hiring and firing staff, as well as prison programs is easy to understand and impliment.  I've played plenty of games that after opening them up and fiddling with for 20 minutes I can hardly make heads or tails of the UI or it has infinitely frusturating menus to navigate or item info to memorize.  Not so with PA.Entertaining!  Set up phone taps and learn a prisoner has set up a time for someone to throw booze over the wall into the garbage area?  Watch them toddle over into the area and as they head back inside stop them and counter their contraband!  Initiate shakedowns to find inmates who have dummys in their beds and are digging tunnels!  The excitement of unearthing a tunnel they have been digging for days that NEARLY reached the outside but was thwarted is always satisfying.  Recruit confidential informants to reveal persons who have knives, needles, poison SHOTGUNS in their cells.  Use sniffer dogs to inspect incoming food and items to ensure they are poison and piano wire free.  The combinations and implications are endless.No two prisons are ever the same!  One prison may be full of raging alcoholics, another may be a mix of volatile angry inmates and ex law enforcment or snitches that must be contained and seperated or death ensues!  My last prison had 3 legendary prisoners, each capable of disarming and killing guards in a single punch.  Not only must you constantly learn to streamline your prison and improve every aspect of the design you also have to adapt and keep tabs on your current and incoming prisoners, keeping the troublemakers at bay and keeping your staff running smoothly.Cons:Still early access.  This isnt necessarily a con but something to be take into consideration.  This game has all the content and playability and optimization of a full release but as new features ar implimented new bugs invariably creep up.  In the most recent patch my cooks tend to randomly pile dirty trays in the cells of my supermax and solitary prisoners.  Later in the day they pick them up and wash them.  On occasion I will assign a block to eat in a specific canteen, and then assign a specific kitchen to feed them.  Later on suddenly I will check my prisoners needs and some are starving.  I will check my food distribution screen and randomly the kitchen and canteen to cellblock link is totally gone.  Its not perfect, but none of these bugs or issues are anywhere near game breaking and are fairly smalltime.In conclusion get this game.  The developers are awesome, the game is amazing, and its not even complete yet!  I look forward to future updates and features and the workshop community is actively making new mods regularily that add even more to the experience.  98/100"
,Recommended,233450,18370200,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Shia labeouf,i alway's find my self forgetting these dudes are in prison for a reason and end up making a fabuolus Hotel
,Recommended,233450,23412259,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Mr. Needful,"All these reviews talk about how much fun it can be to create a draconian panopticon of hell, but I find it much more profitable to push on rehabilitation. You get money every time you take in prisoners, so it pays to be constantly taking them in, and you get a nice bonus whenever you release someone on parole and they don't reoffend. And while housing them in constant terror can reduce their will to re-offend, it's rather difficult to get that bonus check from a dead man.And the great thing about this game? Both philosophies are perfectly valid. They each have benefits and flaws, and it's your job to strike the balance between the two to get your desired result. Go on, experiment; it's just the lives of criminals you're tinkering with, after all."
,Recommended,233450,7747925,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Herger Joyous,"This game is still in Alpha at the time of this. The game keeps getting deeper and deeper with more and more to do. Dogs, Tunnels, MURDER!!!  Start a prison built to how you see fit. Look at the time and the relise you have gotten nothing done all day, but your prison looks beautiful. 5/5 *****"
,Recommended,233450,12761764,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Kronus,My Informent snitched on himself - 10/10
76561198008218104,Recommended,233450,19115782,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Viva,"Years ago, I worked in a prison... Northern nevada Correction Center and Warm Springs Correctional Center located in Carson City Nevada. That being said, a few games have come out over the years trying to emulate running a prison. Prison Tycoon 1 & 2 were the first that I tried. Both failed miserably. This game has a long way to go, but it is trying... improving... and actually comes close. Riots, gang wars, contraband, escapes and even a death row. Real rehabilitation, if there is such a thing. Not all inmates go back to prison whatever the reason.This game is evolving, getting better and feels real on some levels.A critical review should be just that, critical. So while I give this game a thumbs up, it is not perfect. It has bugs, Some new, some old, but many are recognized and others have been fixed. The developers are working to improve it both in game play and fixing that which is broken. I have not seen a game breaking bug.An active community of posted prisons and mods, the spread of ideas and again active developers have made this game more real than it's predicessors and a bit fun.My 1 suggestion is to add race tension. Race wars are alive and well in the US prisons. Segregation could be implemented as it is in many prisons. However, Gangs do add an interesting aspect that mimic this, but recruitment is rampant in prisons and should be added as well. Gun towers, a better way to implement sally ports (1 door can not open until the other closes, linking doors together in some way of added user defined rules) and so forth. How about a bit of staff corruption? All of this would make the game more real, challenging and fun."
76561198123297981,Recommended,233450,18691564,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,TheAussieBlue,"The Campaign (which also serves as the tutorial) opens with a prison that isn't quite finished yet. And you are told by your boss, the CEO of the ""For Profit"" Prison, that you have been given the task of executing a murderer. And this order comes from the state itself.The game then turns towards teaching you how to work the basic construction tools, explaining power, water, foundations, interior walls, and room basics in a straightforward and clean manner.Then the game shows you exactly why your prisoner is guilty.It is not a pleasant experience to watch as a tiny cartoon man walk into his home, find his tiny cartoon wife ♥♥♥♥ing a tiny cartoon stranger in his bed, and then tearfully shoot them both in the head.This gives us the biggest lesson of all: Prison Architect is not a happy game.Prison Architect is a top down management game where you run your prison company exactly how you want it. As far as the state is concerned, it doesn't matter how high your rehabilitation rate is, all that matters is that you have no escapes, keep the deaths to an acceptable low, and you keep the prisoners in line by any means you deem fit.Once you finish your campaign, which takes you through the systems of the game, explaining core concepts quite happily while also telling you tales of loss, pain, murder, ambition, hope, and sheer murderous rage. Of course, the problem is that the game ONLY explains the core mechanics and leaves more complicated ones for you to figure out yourself. That said, while there is a Wiki and many a guide for you, the point of the core game in sandbox mode is mostly to see what works best. To adapt to problems and overcome even of it must be done through trail, error and blood.The game provides security measures such as cameras, remote doors opened by a button or a timer, stab vests and tazers for your guards, and even heavily armed maximum force response teams kept on site with shotguns, full body armor, and the will and means to paint your prison red with blood at your command. Along with this the game will provide schedules, assignments, patrols, and even resticted acess zoning, all of which is designed to keep your prisoners under control so they do not kill each other.Along with this is provided many means to turn your prisoners into peaceful members of society if you so choose. You may provide basic education, as many prisoners lack even a child's reading and writing skills. And some of them cannot even read at all, let alone write. Give your prisoners trade skills as carpenters or metal workers. Teach them how to be cleaners or work a laundry. And then set up security systems to prevent prisoners stealing hammers or making crude knives.Prisoners may come with medical issues such as addiction, alchoholism or violent pshycological instability. Build a common room for AA meetings, an office for one on one meetings for professional mental help, an infirmary for chemical treatmeants to help with addiction and minor surgery when the prisoners try to kill, and a mourge when they do kill.Your prisoners are humans, with desires and needs, thoughts and feelings, and intelligence. Prisoners need to be fed, and you may give them things to do. Build a common room with tables, television sets, and phones. Provide meals at preset times, as many times as you want, in large quantaties and variety if you want, or a simple bowl of vegetable soup once a day if you don't. Prisoners with many things to do are less likey to cause trouble, and giving them these things may make them very happy indeed.This does not mean you may treat them like sane members of society. You are running a prison. They are prisoners. And Prisoners are not in the habit of obeying the rules. Prisoners steal, fight, and even kill in your walls. Make no mistake, you and your officers are the only order inside the prison. Without your constant watchful gaze and omnipresent guards the prisoners will fall upon each other like wild animals; killing, fighting, and breaking.If your prisoners are exceptionally angry, and if your prison is weak enough, the prisoners may decide that they can do whatever thy want and there is nothing you can do about it. They may decide to riot. Or you may subdue them, show them that any antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated, and make them docile through fear.Problems may arise in your prison, and of course these are optional. Make it so that he game throws problems your way at random. Maybe a highly contagious disease is rampaging through your prison and killing your prisoners. Perhaps a water main has burst. Maybe a generator has overloaded, causing a fire and a blackout. Or maybe the mayor has bowed to political pressure and decided to implement reform without consulting you.If you feel particularly brave, allow the game to generate gangs, and watch as your prison becomes split by three gangs into territories, and attempt to usurp your authority. And then spiral into gang wars, burn your prison down, kill your guards, and extort prisoners.Prison Architect, ultimately, is exactly what it says it is, with a remarkable and well made game that most will like.  BUt do not expect to laugh because of the cutesy graphics.They mitigate the horror, but only make it bearable."
,Recommended,233450,13477931,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Antoss,"It's like SimCity, but your Sims stab each other."
76561198001780420,Recommended,233450,18391583,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,*TRF* Mr Annoying,"If only all Devs were like these 2 guys.Unlike the money grabbing , no talented scum that infests the gaming industry today this is nothing but a breath of fresh air."
76561198053417985,Recommended,233450,18420040,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Tyriq,"DON'T listen to the atrocious trailer. This is one of the most fantastic tycoon games I have ever played. Excellent art, systems, gameplay, presentation, campaign, it's all brilliant. Underneath the cartooney style lies an extremely grim undertone, which only makes the game better. Easy 10/10 for me."
,Recommended,233450,9856029,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Bill_Rye_The_Bread_Guy,"All my Guards were stabbed to death by an invincible prisoner with a spoon. 10/10 would play again.10/10 IGN - ""Its okay""""Warden's a good job mate"" - TF2 Sniper"
,Recommended,233450,18831439,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,MunchieZzz,"I made an entire prison to hold one prisoner.It had a huge cell that had everything he could have ever wanted in it.It had a kitchen with 8 chefs who wanted nothing but to cook him the finest meals.It had four guards who were friendly to him at all times.It had all of the gardeners and janitors you could ever need.After 3 days ""Chuck Testa"" shanked one of the guards, then proceeded to escape the prison.88/8Would waste 4 hours of my life again."
,Recommended,233450,13156872,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Miyumi Ayase,"TL:DR? See ConclusionNOTE:As an Early Access Review, this will be subjected to change and editing as newer updates are released.INTRODUCTION:Prison Architect is a 2D top down prison building and management simulation game made by Introversion Software being financed by crowd-funding, pre-orders and Steam Early Access. Since it's initial release on 2012, the game has undergone several major updates (an average of 4 weeks per update) and has raised nearly $10 Million in revenue.PLOT (No Spoiler):The player takes on the role of a Prison owner, architect and governor who's objective is to create a prison from an expandable open world map. The player may choose the purpose of their prison either focused on reforming criminals, severe draconian punishment, or a mix of the two. Build the prison from scratch, hire guards and officers, staff and maintenance crew to keep it functioning, dog patrols to keep watch and many more. There is no end to the game, the player just needs to keep building and keep expanding until they decide to sell their prison and build a new one, or, have it burned to the ground because of a riot and find yourself in prison (seriously, your character can go to jail if you're grossly negligent in its management, ironically, in the same prison you built).PROS:+ Great 2D Art Style+ Good Tutorial: Comprehensive and easy to understand+ Vast variety of Characters (Staff, Officers, Prisoners, Guards etc)+ Expanding World Map: (Buy the adjacent lot to expand)+ Detailed Micromanagement System (Prisoner Regime, Guard/Dog Patrols, lock downs etc.)+ Detailed Construction System (Buildings, water systems, electrical wiring, computer controls etc.)+ Easy to install and uninstall MODS (Steam Workshop)+Monthly Updates from the devs+ Old Computer friendly+ High ReplayabilityCONS:- Severe Performance Drop when the prison becomes very large (in size, prisoner and staff)- Lacking in Soundtracks- Occasional path-finding problems- No main menu (minor annoyance and not a deal breaker)- No Steam Cloud Support- Prisoners are released Naked sometimesCONCLUSION:GREAT EARLY ACCESS GAME. Prison Architect is what all Early Access games should try to be; it has constant updates, great art style, solid core gameplay, stable & playable and most importantly, easy on the pocket even at full price.WORTH IT?:MUST TRY, whether the game is at full price or sale, it's worth every penny and I fully RECOMMEND it specially if your a City Building / Simulation fan. To be honest, the game is technically finished in my opinion (just need a bit more bug fixing and performance improvements) and has more features than some of the other fully released games I've seen.---------------------------------------------------------Like my Reviews? Follow my Curator's Page:Miyumi's Review Corner (MIRECO)"
,Recommended,233450,13057010,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,ƈɼกٱɭรﻉก,"Imagine Sims, if you had to house dozens at first, or eventually hundreds of people in only one house.Then, having lots of babysitters to watch everybody... And if you didn't fullfill all their needs, they would start acting up, wrecking your house and attacking eachother and the babysitters.That is basically Prison Architect. :D"
76561198153586290,Recommended,233450,16364520,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Spartan112,-Prisoner got a spoon-Killed two guards with that very spoon-tried to call in riot guards-two died-got it under controlFind out later that he was angry over missing breakfast10/10 would have a spoon riot again
,Recommended,233450,18355193,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Nintendy,It got out of Early Access.11/10
,Recommended,233450,13447329,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ownosourus,"Prison Architect is a mind-broadening experience, a game about building a prison, planning out cell blocks, balancing budgets, arranging schedules, maintaining peace, quelling unrest and thwarting escape attempts. It’s a not finished gaol-management sim that, despite still being under development, is currently available to purchase and play on Steam...and you should.Here’s how Prison Architect plays: you’re given a plot of land and a metric wodge of cash with which to build a prison. About a dozen men found guilty by a jury of their peers turn up once a day expecting the bare minimum of care afforded to them by the state. You can click on them to see their criminal records, but you have no direct control over their movements. Instead you plot out the foundations of buildings, which a team of workmen then construct, before designating functions to the rooms you’ve made. Hastily cobbled together holding cells will accommodate a few prisoners while you construct dozens of smaller individual cells. Showers must be hooked up to plumbing, cooks must be hired to work in kitchens, cafeterias must feed prisoners, guards must open and close locked doors in order to escort inmates, staff and visiting families to and from their destinations.A 24 hour clock ticks along, turning the day to night, with your prisoners adhering to a configurable schedule of sleeping, eating, yard time, work time and free time. The idea is to construct things in such as a way as to keep the largest number of inmates moving efficiently between their cells, showers, laundry rooms, workshops, yards and back to bed, all while keeping the system secure enough to detect smuggled contraband and deter escapees.Accountants and psychologists and security chiefs can all be hired and supplied with furnished offices to unlock new menu screens and information about your prison population. You can take on government grants, which offer you a cash advance in exchange for meeting certain criteria.Besides these grants, Prison Architect is a sandbox balancing act in which happy prisoners require costly amenities and unhappy prisoners will eventually riot, using contraband weapons such as screwdrivers stolen from workshops to stab up their fellow incarcerated. It’s a virtual delinquency ant farm in which you tread the line between your prisoners’ happiness and the prison’s efficiency and safety.et up metal detectors and order extensive searches of every cell and tensions will rise, but neglect to de-shiv your inmates in favour of a feel-good prison atmosphere and those happy prisoners will end up all stabbed to bits in a bodybag.Introversion are not shy about advertising Prison Architect’s in-progress state and their promise to you is that you are directly funding the ongoing development of the game with your purchase, in exchange for monthly updates and, eventually, a copy of the finished game.Prison Architect is a good game in its current state and pretty much the only early access game that hasn't disappointed so far."
,Recommended,233450,12861271,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,pat,Like the Sims but you HAVE to lock the people in the house
76561198093534402,Recommended,233450,18439389,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Telf The Motherfucking Elf,-Started prison-Built a holding cell and 9 cells-Ask for 10 prisoners-5 minutes later they gave me 147 prisoners with no money-Turns out a nearby prison shut down so they gave me all the prisoners...147/10
,Recommended,233450,23575389,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Dr. Frog ☭☢,"Prison architect is a prison simulator with a grid building system and an in depth prisoner needs system.Prison architect starts with the player immediately thrown into the game with hardy any tutorial. The real tutorial is the campaigns objectives. Once the player starts a game, they start with a small sum of money and must build a prison with the tools at their disposal. The player will build buildings for various rooms such as dormitories, cells, canteens, staff rooms, storage and other such necessities for the future prisoners and staff.The prisoners come in all shapes and sizes, as well as various security levels; minimum, medium and high security. These prisoners act like real prisoners, if there is a shortage of food, a heat wave, power outages, or even a death can cause a riot to break out. Prisoners can be kept happy by having visitation rooms, recreational rooms, time in the yard, or an increase in variety of food. Should a riot break out, riot police and firefighters are available to help put them back in line, and medical centres or morgues are available for the wounded or fatalities.Prison architect also has variety of options available when starting anew map, you can have weather as a factor, chose to have a large or small starting map, with our without trees, lakes or pre-existing buildings. Events are an interesting option, which can range from a power generator exploding, or a massive amount of prisoners arriving from another prison. Gangs can be turned on, which makes riots happen often, and if a gang leader is sent to your prison, the gangs can increase in size, and have wars over territory. Fog of war seems to be the most notorious of options. It prevents the player from seeing any prisoner unless a guard or camera is in the room, making it difficult, for the player to spot assaults or other such crimes.Overall prison architects objective is to rehabilitate prisoners through reform programs, such as school, culinary or workshop programs. These, if passed, provide the prisoner with valuable work skills reducing the chance of reoffending, boosting your prison grade.Prison architect does have a few things wrong with it.Some lag when laying wires or pipes on lower grade PCsLack of realism in the riots or fightingSlow to start for new playersThe ""campaign"" lacks real story or driveThe names and descriptions of prisoners don't fit the actual crimesPrison architect does a lot right.Has a fantastic workshopHas relatively easy achievementsSatisfying gameHas a surprisingly fun escape modeArt and sound design are solidGood animationsFantastic in-depth needs systemIs prison architect worth the $32.99CAD? If you enjoy city builder type games, pick it up. Honestly if it goes on sale everyone should get it for their collection"
,Not Recommended,233450,34041855,Posted: 5 August,all,OldSchoolRPGs,The developers are allowing console-only DLC despite the fact that PC players both helped fund and support this game. Don't support a company that allows these types of practices.
76561197985462731,Not Recommended,233450,24741360,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Oberscht,"I would recommend this game since I really like the concept and it's fascinating to see your prison run itself. It gives a bit of a Settlers vibe. However as they consider this game finished (It's not early access anymore), demand 28€ for it and announced the next update to be the last big one I cannot give it a recommendation.It just isn't done yet, and if you play for longer, the unfinished, unrefined and outright frustrating parts - none of which will be fixed by the update - will hit you in the face like a train. I'll list a few of those:- The temperature system is a complete afterthought and not done well at all. You can only lower temperature by having windows, and raise it with radiators. If your kitchen isn't adjacent to an outside wall, it will overheat constantly, and windows are always open, leading to your prisoners freezing in the winter. Radiators also can't be turned off in the summer. AC? Never heard of it.- The game rewards badly managed prisons over well managed ones. Prisoner deaths are not punished directly, technically they're even rewarded because they make room for new prisoners. Even if you have failure conditions activated, the chance of feeling actual punishment is low. What is punished are ""incidents"", which even a well run prison can barely avoid, especially with gangs activated. I can only say that I tried both, and the prison where I stuffed 300+ prisoners into a 120m² holding cell certainly rolled in dosh.- The calculations for dormitories have been broken forever. A dormitory with 3 inhabitants and 1 TV doesn't count as ""1 TV per 4 prisoners"". You have to have at least, I think, 5 prisoners in a dormitory for the calculations to hold up, which of course increases the chances of the inmates shanking each other.- Click, click, click, click. This game requires so much ♥♥♥♥ing clicking. The scroll speed is brutally slow so you have to click and drag with the middle mouse button to get around. And the developers apparently never heard of hotkeys, because you have to click to do absolutely anything. There are thousands of management and economy games that did it better. This game will murder your carpal tunnel.- Prisoner behaviour is disappointingly primitive. You'd think putting the power generator somewhere isolated and under guard makes sense because prisoners will try to sabotage it - they don't. You'd think they try to sneak into the storage room to steal some tools - they don't. I once tried a huge prison full of security flaws - the armory right next to the canteen with no walls in between, power generators out in the open... nothing happened. Not a single prisoner stole a weapon, or did anything else but get into minor fisticuffs with the guards.- Room assignment is painfully broken. Basically, whenever you add a room somewhere, the game sees it as ""reassign EVERYTHING to Shared"" and then suddenly you have max security prisoners in your min security block, cells in unfinished wings being occupied and prisoners strolling around the outskirts of your prison. This is obviously a hyperbole but seriously, you will suffer at least half a dozen escapes from this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.- Deliveries will mess you up. More specifically, mail deliveries. If your prisoners can't keep up sorting the mail, it will at some point just overflow your delivery area. And what does the delivery driver do if there's no more room for his mail? Why of course, he will just stay there and block the road for everything else - like food deliveries or prisoner buses. Solution for this? Click on a mail bag, click dump. Click on a mail bag, click dump...- The prisoner intake is convoluted and counterintuitive as hell. Something extremely simple like ""Give me 1 delivery of X medium security and Y maximum security prisoners"" can't be done. Instead there are ""Fill to X"" and ""X per day"" settings where the security level is determined in percentages. This has lead to me forgetting to close my prison and ending up with way too many prisoners so often I lost count.- The way patrols work is frustratingly idiotic. When finished with its shift, a guard will simply leave its post without waiting for its replacement, leaving your prisoners unguarded.- Maximum security doors can be destroyed. Fences can't. Your prisoners will outright give up any escape attempts if there's a fence surrounding your perimeter.- The game barely explains anything. I once tried to dismantle an object in a common room - the button just didn't do anything. Only later I found out that this room was occupied by a gang.- There's no borderless windowed mode.- And last but not least, the game - or at least the campaign - implies that you have a choice between running a prison based on fear and one based on making the inmates happy. This dualism may make sense IRL but in this game, it doesn't. If you have a prisoner with a certain set of traits, it becomes outright impossible to contain him. In real life, you'd put someone with 300 murders in his portfolio into a small room with no window and a massive steel door, but in this game, someone can destroy such a door with a single punch of his bare fists, then resist several tazer and shotgun hits and take out half a dozen guards. Then get healed up and do it again and again and again. The only way to avoid this is by making this demigod of a man happy, which in turn means that your SuperMax wing becomes the SuperLuxury wing. If this isn't counterintuitive to you, I don't know what is."
76561198049889907,Recommended,233450,11501866,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,menyyearsago,Stop staring at reviews and get the damn game.
,Recommended,233450,13775992,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Zeb,"One of my prisoners Tried to Escape through The Water Pipes, Destroyed the ends of the pipes and trapped HimHe died In those Pipes,I Think he learned his Leason9.5/10"
76561198014704153,Recommended,233450,26511669,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,WolfauraRose,"I was hesitant to buy this game  at first as I was worried this game would be too complex for me, I could see that there is a lot to learn. A bit confusing at first with a steep learning curve.I reccomend playing through the story campaign mode which is also a tutorial. Playing through that helped me alot and enabled me to understand how to build my own prison and what is needed to keep it viable and running.This game is deep and well thought out.  Though it's a bit complex at first, prisons need to be planned carefully. There are too many bland, boring and lacking simulations. Fortunately this game is not one of them, it will keep you playing for many hours.I never get sick of building things and can always come back to this game when Iam not sure what else to play. I have played for over 200 hours at the time of writing this review and have not had any trouble with bugs or any crashing.I don't satisfy all prisoner needs as I like drama and having my prisoners riot regularly is fun.Otherwise it's boring if they behave and don't do anything wrong.So far I have sold 2 prisons and am building my third prison as it costs quite alot to build the prison you want. Though you can opt for unlimited funds, I built however I wanted, but my bank balance ended up being -2.5million in the red. Didn't like it, my prison felt worthless. You should first start out with getting all the grants you can, build along with what the grants require  and then sell when you run out of grants. Though what brings profit to a prison is workshops and a forestry.My second prison was a female prison and I did not like having a female prison as you get mothers who bring their babies with them and they need a much larger family cell as well as a seperate nursery area for them to eat with their baby, plus they have different needs than males, seem to have hygeine first, males exercise and aren't as violent as males.After 200 hours I ended up with a 1000+ prison valued at over 9million with 6million in funds without using any cheats.Escape mode seems like a tacked on after thought, not very exciting, quite boring. As the prisoner, you just damage things to get heaps of rep points, use points to skip punishment and repeat until you max out skills, it's rather quick to do. Then one hit punch kill guards and escape out the front door. I escaped when there was a riot happening, even though I was carrying keys, guards just ignored me as were busy trying to handle the riot and I just ran past them all and out the front door, when I ran out I had 3 groups of riot police chasing me, but the quick skill was maxed so managed to sprint and escape.Even though I like the game there are things that could be improved, but unfortunately looks like the developers are finished with the game, which is sad.Things aren't categorised well enough, objects in a object menu are a mess and can be hard to find unless you type out the name first, difficult for new players that may not be sure what they are looking for.I dislike that things aren't explained very well in this game, I was not sure how many cookers I would need or how many clothes a laundry provides, I had to look it up on a wiki to find out. That info should be in game, at least have it as a tooltip when you mouseover the object.But overall I recommend this game as I enjoy it mostly.Get this game if you love building, simulations and micro management.7/10"
,Recommended,233450,23927210,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Audish,"I don't think anyone wakes up in the morning and goes ""I want to build a prison today."" Penitentiaries just don't have the same feel-good appeal as cultivating a city or a business, really. The developers behind Prison Architect clearly had this in mind the whole way through development, because every manner of mishap and tragedy that can happen in a prison can happen here. However, they wrapped it up in such a wealth of building options that you won't even have time to question the ethics of your creations.Prison Architect drops you off on a flat piece of land with a road running through it, and expects you to build a house of corrections. You're given an initial grant of money and some builders, and from that humble beginning you build cells, showers, kitchens, offices, power plants, laundry rooms, exercise yards, chapels, armories, morgues, classrooms... Honestly I don't have enough space to list out all the facilities you can place. The big selling point behind PA that will become immediately obvious is that you can build EVERYTHING. No detail is spared in how the prison is simulated, and every phone booth and ironing board must be accounted for.This incredible level of detail extends to your prisoners and the handling of them, as well. Each of your little ne'er-do-wells has a detailed rap sheet and biography, specific incarceration needs including security level, moods and interests, and a laundry list of stats that can be tracked. Of course, you can't just throw such complex sims in a hole and call it a day (okay you can but it won't end well). Your prisoners have a schedule to stick to that includes eating, showering, working, playing, and sleeping. You can edit this schedule to your heart's content, even setting different schedules for different security levels.There's still a boatload of systems I haven't even touched on like advanced security and visitation and work programs and research, but surely you get the point by now. Understand that while all this may sound daunting, Prison Architect handles it in a very gentle way. Early on, prisons don't need hardly any of the complex amenities, giving you time to unlock and familiarize yourself with them. You also have a huge list of options for customizing your difficulty, allowing you to even disable certain systems if you feel they make the game too complex. It's a consideration that more in-depth sims should adopt, because it means casual players and experienced managers can all find a pace they enjoy.It's rare to find such a deep and detailed simulation that also allows you to dive just as far as you want, and at your own pace. You can tool along with a mostly functional prison just with the basic food and shelter services, explore additional systems at your pace, or go whole-hog in an attempt to build the perfect penitentiary. The 2D vector graphics might not be the most attractive but their simple lines and animations help keep the detailed interactions of your prison clear. Sound design is admittedly minimal, but it's not much of a drawback when there's so much more offered. No matter your skill or interest level, Prison Architect will find a way to capture your attention.Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them athttps://goldplatedgames.com/or on mycuration page!"
,Recommended,233450,18552562,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,xX_Mousefan_Xx,"-Opened a massive 1000 cell max security and death row only prison-Kevin arrives-Kevin is a legendary prisoner and also a gang member-Kevin kills an innocent dog who smelled him for drugs-Kevin is put in solitary-Kevin breaks out of solitary and kills the 4 armed guards on patrol with his bare hands-Kevin is now in supermax, which is behind 6 solitary doors-Kevin goes absolutely freaking berserk and kills an armed guard and steals his shotgun-Kevin breaks through 6 solitary doors and starts a full scale riot-Riot police arrive, kill everybody, but guess who didn't die-Kevin kills all the riot police and proceeds to burn the warden inside of his office-Firemen arrive-Kevin murders all the firemen-CEO gets really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and fires me-Military arrive-Kevin kills all the military-more military arrive-Kevin kills them too-Kevin is bored-Kevin kills all the prisoners now-military arrive-Kevin kills them again-Kevin burns the rest of the prison down-more military arrive-Kevin kills 3, but the last soldier barely lives-soldier is knocked unconscious in the fire-Soldier dies in fire-Kevin has destroyed my entire prison and walks out of the burned down perimeter wall420/69 would shoot Kevin again"
76561198055102614,Recommended,233450,18389463,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,CDMsMommy,"I have been playing this game since way back in the early access days and I am still as in love with it as I was back then.  It's  a game that can draw you in and hours pass by without you realizing it.If you like games where you build and micromanage things, I believe you will love Prison Architect.  You build a prison that hopefully reforms the inmates while trying to fulfill their needs and keep the peace.  Gangs and events really help keep the architect on their toes.  In a blink of an eye chaos can and most likely will ensue.  Keep your eye out for legendary prisoners, they really make things interesting.  If having gangs and events are not your thing you don't have to use them.  You can just not select those things when you are setting up your new save.  I love how the devs gave us plenty of options and everything is not mandatory."
,Recommended,233450,18442592,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,MrJenssen,"Early Access done right. One of very few examples of such a phenomenon. From the communications the devs had with the community through both written and video updates, to the constant patching of the game which added significant changes and additions at an incredibly effective pace.Truly, this game deserves your attention even if you're not interested in its gameplay mechanics or ideas. Simply because we ought to support this kind of transparent, respectful and talented videogame development. We need to show the rest of the industry that hard work and good communication is in the end rewarded.Oh yeah, and the game itself is of course really good. It's like a more complex and more free-form version of Theme Hospital, chock full of intentional and unintentional humor. It's virtually replayable ad infinitum due to the smart integration of really complex systems and mechanics that are still simple enough to get a basic grasp on quickly.And then you add the solid Steam Workshop integration that's already been out for months and months, molding into a vast web of minor tweaks and major total convention mods to further extend your playtime. Like the mod that lets you take control of a prisoner, and use the game's own mechanics to try and break out of your own (or someone else's) prison! How genius is that?!You could pay all the salary you're ever going to earn in your entire life, and you'd STILL be able to get a whole lot of bang for your buck with Prison Architect. And I'm not even sure if that's an exaggeration.16 shivs out of 10."
76561198042662000,Not Recommended,233450,33645671,Posted: 18 July,all,robbie172006,I would like to recommend this game but I can't due to the fact that the devs seem to have forgot about the users that kickstarted this game and gave them the chance to make it. I was satisfied when they said there would be no more updates to the game anymore after one of those last update (at least I think they said that after maybe update 11). Now they are releasing DLC for console only and leaving the PC owners left out. Its extremely upsetting to see a dev do this. I refused to buy their VR game because of this and I will not buy anything else they develope unless they change their ways.
,Recommended,233450,23232784,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Pharap,It's the Rollercoaster Tycoon of the modern age.It's a completely bizzare idea but somehow building and maintaining a prison is damn good fun.
,Recommended,233450,12298774,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,ShiftyTheMLGPro,"Oh look, let's play Prison Architect, just let me check the time to be sure. Ah, 10 PM, cool.A few moments laterThat'll do it, now this there and let them come in again.O dear, it's 3 AM.That is how my game usually goes, time really flies past which is a really good thing."
,Recommended,233450,28459805,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Mousemallow,"I ran a pretty good prison.One day a guy comes in. Apparently, he's a legendary.Why are there no pokeballs?Afterwards he kills 21 people so i lock him in a cell and brick him inside. Two days later he's still alive. I put armed guards in position and remove the wall.""FIRE AT Will!Guy takes two shotgun blasts to the face after starving for 2 days.Then prison burns down.1	/1"
76561197960304369,Not Recommended,233450,25453157,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Cap,"I would really love to recommend this game, but as it stands I simply can't do it for the full price. If you're able to find it on a good sale, go for it.The reason I can't recommend it is that I honestly believe that the devepeloper is moving on from this game far too soon. The recently released 2.0 is (in their own words) the last feature update, and the game will only receive bug-fixes from now on. I bought this game back when it was in early access because I saw a lot of potential in it, but sadly a lot of that potential will seemingly go unfulfilled.Guard assignments are a mess. Sure, they work, but the interface for it is awful and make setting up your guards needlessly tedious. The hourly schedule is one of the least intuitive implementations I can think of. The patrol routes apply to all guards, including dogs - so you can't have a dog patrol crossing a route that was meant for regular guards if you wanted to. You can get around that of course, but you shouldn't have to.You can't assign areas yourself. Areas are assigned when they're blocked off (like by doors). That means that if you're trying to make a fairly open prison you still have to put down doors to make these blocks. You have to do that because canteens and laundries supply these blocks, and if it's all one big block everything will go everywhere, which is obviously not very efficient.The gang system still seems very raw. It adds a challenge which is nice, but a lot of the mechanics seem very opaque. Non of the members will participate in any reform-programs (not even ones that aren't work related - such as spiritual guidance) and there doesn't seem to be any way that a gang member will ever leave a gang. Gangs can plan activities, such as planning a takeover of a yard, right in the middle of a bunch of guards, but there's no way of splitting them up or trying to prevent it from happening (you can prevent the actual takeover by having enough guards at the targeted location). Another curious (or lazy) mechanic is that gang members immediately know if their leader is being punished, even if the leader is in a different sector (or even another security level) with no gang members nearby.All policies are prison-wide. You can't have different policies for minimum and super-max prisoners. You can't feed them differently either. That means that if you choose to put gang leaders in super-max because you don't want them to interact with their members, you can't specify that they should never be put in solitary or lockdown (to prevent their members being mad when it happens, as mentioned above). This also means that you can't ask your armed guards in max-security to free-fire without armed guards doing it everywhere else too.The reform-program-page is lacking information. It shows number of prisoners in queue for a program, but it doesn't show which security levels they are. Once you get a big prison with a lot of programs running it also becomes a very long list to scroll, and a simple feature like minimizing a certain category doesn't exist.Power stations have limited power, and for whatever reason they can't be connected to each other. Again this makes for a needlessly tedious setup. Water pumps can supply unlimited water though.You can only hire one foreman. The foreman runs the workshop classes, so if you want to have multiple workshop classes (in different security levels for example) you either have to offset their work time or edit the savefile to hire more foremen. I have no idea why this limitation is there - it doesn't serve any purpose.The workmen aren't very bright. If you build (or dismantle for that matter) a long line of piping or electric cables each part seems to be assigned to seperate workmen, which means a lot of running for a lot of people. This will often slow down construction (especially as your prison, and by that the distances, grow), because a workman runs from delivery or storage to installation point and back again. Even if the material to carry out the order is right there he will run past it and let another guy run the same distance to do the job.Last, but not least, the game doesn't have a main menu when you start the game. No, I'm not kidding. Every time you start the game it just loads into an empty lot waiting for a prison to be built on it.Most of these things aren't really major, and the game works fine despite them. They are not things I would expect from a finished €28 game though. It was fine when it was in early access, and I honestly still didn't mind them that much when the game went out of early access. But I do mind that the developer now considers the game fully complete when I think there's a lot of features that point to the opposite. I don't regret buying it when it was on sale in early access, but I would regret buying it for the full price.Edit: I forgot to mention the complete lack of feedback messages when you can't do something. If a gang has taken over a yard, you can't build there. Unless you actually know in advance how gangs work, you won't know why. You just won't be allowed to build there. When trying to schedule a reform-program, sometimes you simply won't be able to because of lack of rooms or lack of personel to take care of the class. Again, there's no error message here telling you the problem - clicking the button to start the program simply won't do anything at all, and it's now your job to figure out why the game won't let you."
,Recommended,233450,24079787,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Dominus,""" Inspired by Dungeon Keeper, Dwarf Fortress and Theme Hospital and with over 1 million players having spent time inside, Prison Architect is the world’s best lock-­em-­up. ""Prison Architect is a sandbox game where you're building and managing your own Maximum Security Prison. That's the whole point of the game, actually.PROSBuild your own Prison- Is it gonna be male, female specific? Strict Punishing or completely peaceful prison? Up to you!Endless Replayability- Get creative! With lots of features implemented in that game, you can create hundreds of different prisons. No matter how ridiculous they look!Story Mode- A Huge in-game tutorial where you meet yourself with various objectives. From building the rooms, to choking the riots. You will be facing with the emotional cutscenes at some time, too.Simulation- Your prisoners can be either happy, supressed, addictive (to common additions), or even suicidal depending on your Policy, Regime and many other actions.Escape Mode- An intense gamemode if the prison meets the criterias of High Security. Have you got what it takes to escape your own prison?Workshop- Try out other player's creations. Not just prisons, by the way!Name In Game [DLC]- With additional content, you could, for example, add your family members, friends, or even your enemies in your prison,CONSLots of Minor, yet noticable Bugs- During it's 2 year Early Access, the Prison Architect was in unstable shape. Even out of the beta state, the game still has some major bugs to fix.The Collectibles- It's not a major thing, but the game features the collection of Polaroids and Bible Pages that are somewhat rare thing to find. It can become stressful for Collectors to find every single rare piece of Bible Page.I, honestly, never thought that I would find this sandbox game that entertaining.Recommending this game to anyone! Even with low creativity."
,Recommended,233450,6174792,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,bubger king,"Prison Architect is a fun, interesting, and unique Zoo Tycoon-esque game that is (currently) in it's alpha stage. If you are familiar with any tycoon games, the formula is very similar. Build a prison and it's facilities, get prisoners, micro manage everything, rinse, wash and repeat. That being said though Prison Architect, like many games of it's genre, never gets old. It is always fun to experiment with new designs and features (which are constantly being implimented) and to see how your prisoners react to them. Not to mention, the game is incredibly polished for an alpha. I would reccomend this even if the current build was the full game. So if you're looking for a game which you can consitantly come back to, Prison Architect deserves your time and attention."
76561198002567771,Recommended,233450,13406015,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Xenus Icelon,"2014-12-16Early access done right - Prison Architect is an early access game that is actually updating and has a team supporting it. There are consistent updates that actually add major features and improve the game, and this has been going on for a long time already. As it is an alpha, there are some bugs, which are actually being fixed. But aside from that, on to the game itself.Players in Prison Architect are set to manage a prison, which as the name implies they get to design themselves. Once the facility is constructed, in part or completely - Your choice, the player can allow in prisoners and manage day to day operation. Arrange for the prisoner's schedules for when they work, eat, sleep and so on. But keep in mind, the prisoners don't want to stay in prison. Some may not try it unless you just plain allow them to walk out the front gate, but others are more active about their attempts to escape or make life suck less. They arrange for tools and drugs to be thrown in over your outer walls, they take knives from the kitchen if they can get to them, and they'll try to dig tunnels to get out.Special attention is to be paid to the possibility of a riot. Prisoners can decide to start taking over, they can raid the armoury, knock down guards to take their stuff, or kill eachother. They aren't friendly people, most of the time.And you need to make sure they don't fall right back into their criminal habits after they're released.Teach them carpentry, send them to a basic education, treat their addictions...And make sure they don't think of your prison as a comfy hotel, it's not a vacation for them, it's a punishment.Time for the sentences appears to pass at a rate of one year per ingame day, and while this may not sound like it will have prisoners last long enough to do anything, many of them are in for 20 or more years, and some may show up with part of their sentence already done.Your income, as money does not grow on trees, comes from a few sources. A basic daily income, plus an income per prisoner, and income from the workshop. When you're teaching these prisoners a skill, you may as well profit from it, but of course, not all of them are bright enough to be able to learn workshop safety classes.I have mentioned money does not grow on trees, but that was only partially correct. The trees are money, as the wood is cut into boards and sold, or taken to the advanced carpentry stations for prisoners to create furniture out of. While probably not intentional, you can play Logging Station Architect instead. You just never take any prisoners and just plant trees to sell the logs. It's a slow way of earning money, and it is not anywhere near as fast or satisfying as running a prison, but the option is there. You can also sell off a prison you already made and use the money to start a new one, which allows you to continue playing the sold prison as well, though you can only sell it once.The graphics may take some getting used to, but they fit the game and make things easy enough to see what is going on and where things are. The graphics aren't bad, but they aren't shiny 3d models as most games use these days.In the end, Prison Architect is a great management/prison simulation game with great support by a great developper, and I would recommend it for anyone who is interested in management or simulation style games"
,Recommended,233450,24731713,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,boom boom saloon,"So, I built my prison, and decided to try out escape mode. I had an idea of what it was about, so I had a strategy planned out. I'd use my starting character to tunnel out (staying in medium security while doing so), and using tougher prisoners to do all my dirty work, like bringing tunneling materials to my cell. They'd go up to maximum security, which I would use to get more points to recruit more people, to bring more tunnelling tools. So I'm sat there, a guy called Cliefe, with basically no punishments. However, I recruit someone with the surname ""Redman"". He's a skinny guy, red hair, bumped up to maximum security.I then decided to try and use Redman to fight guards. At this point, Redman has been upgraded pretty highly. He can one-shot people, shrug off being tazed, and start riots. Redman breaks into the psychologist's office. He steals a lighter. Redman begins to burn the Common room to the ground. He kills every guard. The common room is burning to the ground, the fire has spread to other rooms. Half the prison is on fire, Redman has started a riot. Redman is unstoppable. Redman is carrying the team on his shoulders while Cliefe sits doing nothing in medium security. Redman has seen hell, and he doesn't want to stay. Redman stands while the prison burns to the ground - he's burning to death. But if he dies, he dies a maytr, a figurehead of a greater cause that is escaping prison. He sprints. The walls have burnt down. Redman is an unstoppable wild beast. The snipers have their sights trained on him, but Redman is too fast - he escapes. The prison that I worked hard on, spent hours on, poured huge amounts of effort into running has been totally destroyed, alongside nearly all the guards, prisoners, and staff that worked there.10/10"
,Recommended,233450,18354074,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Dragonhead Gaming,Been followng and playing this for over 2 years and so glad it finally released! Great game! Lots of fun! And the new modes look like great added fun to an already great game!
76561198086982143,Recommended,233450,18361478,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,FreekiCheekiBreeki,Built an arena and had daily murderfests.
,Recommended,233450,10574120,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Kenuty,"From the makers of Darwania and multawania series comes a game about creating a prison for inmates, your goal is to create the daily schedule for thier life, start by building a prison from ground up, stop prison riots, and plan out the execution dates, also see why they are in prison. So much is being added while this game is being worked on. Many things aren't working at the moment but create your ultimate prison sandbox until you got a full security prison running. I really enjoyed this game and I also backed it up, You can find my character IN THE GAME too ;)+Fun prison creation sandbox gameplay+Create your prison ground up, plan the schedules, plan the guards, stop the riots, executions.+Not at all hard to learn to play, very nicely explained tutorial.+PRISON RIOTS beat them down!- Game is not complete at the moment, so this - will change in due time- Bugs are being worked on, its still early access- Need more tracks to listent o."
,Recommended,233450,13081800,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,LadySmith,The game you can deploy SWATs after finding a spoon in a prisoners cell.
76561198051298480,Recommended,233450,19460739,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Husker,"This is truly the best prison sim i have ever played.There are other PS's on the market but none come close to Prison Architect.One of the main things i hated about prison tycoon was the micro managment, Setting sceduals for each prisoner as they come in... Segragating gangs And if you have 200+ inmates it can be anoying as hell.But PA really nailed it, Just the right amount of micro managing, The GFX and anamations are kinda week when compairing to newer title games but i love it.And even tho we are out of alpha regular updates are still coming out.New fetures, Content and a grupe of ppl that really have made a wonderfull game.If you got the cash, Buy it!Ill admit i pirated it at first.. Back in like alpha 14, But after some time i started feeling guilty that i had this amazing game but wasnt supporting the dev's.. So i had to buy it.I still pirat games and movies and dont care, But prison architect is just that good that i do care.Thank guys you made a really great game here!!"
,Recommended,233450,12484055,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,kraziy.k,"I love tycoon/building games, like Sim City, rollercoaster tycoon, etc. This game doesn't disappoint. In fact in some ways it's better.PA offers you the fun of building something, i.e. a prison, but with the details of running it as well, which you don't get with every game. You get to decide a lot more then some broad overviews of the world. You can deicde how everything works, when it works, cut cost, spend more, care for the prisoners — or don't it's up to you.The game does have some issues, such as on MAC I don't see any of the proper icons/graphics when I play the game outside of SAFE mode. It loads into your save fast and then fromt here your fine. Occasionally something breaks in the game and the devs are fast to respond and deploy a fix or include it in the next update.Personally this game could be released now, however I understand and don't want people to buy the game and it have some bugs and think that it was hald♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because of a a few minor problems.EDIT (3/13/2015): As the game has develoepd the features of the game have only gotten better, and more detailed. The Devs. tend to be pretty good about helping players fix any problems, even if it's a ""Yes we know about it, and are working on it."" kind of response, and I've found that means it's either coming in the next patch or major update.There is also the constant addition and tweaking of the minor details one might want. Liek the ability to tell prisoners they can use this Yard area only, and not this one. To deploy gaurds, or to now add a library/chapel to your prison."
76561198034709536,Recommended,233450,18356268,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Mayan,>10 low sec prisoners>things running well>lets step it up>changes intake to all max sec prisoners>prisoners come arrive in bus>they exit bus>all run>all escape10/10
,Recommended,233450,28781886,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Insayno,"I started playing the game at about 12:00 PM planning to play it for an hour, I stopped playing it at about 2:00 AM.I had things to do today, I didn't even know that much time passed.This is a problem.Do I recommend because of good game or do I not recommend because it will waste away your days?This is a difficult decision."
76561198094841510,Recommended,233450,23395187,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Luna,It's like Zoo Tycoon but with people instead10/10 would stab secretary again
76561198065643445,Recommended,233450,18844370,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,SCREAM2NIGHT,"Went on a rampage, killing over 30 guards, prisoners, staff, innocent families, burnt 3/4 of the prison downGot 24 hours in a cell as a punishment10/10 best prison simulator out there."
,Recommended,233450,29428312,Posted: 22 January,all,Athravan,"I'm a Time-Travelling DictatorI have to ration how often I load this game, as I'll start playing it and then wonder how I've invented time travel, 6 hours passing in the blink of an eye. It also made me realize I'm a bit of a cruel dictator when it comes to human rights. I build the smallest possible, cramped yet efficient rooms, give the bare necessities in visitation and entertainment, lock up prisoners who complain and make the rest work 10 hours a day, all whilst banking fat cash into my account and cackling maniacally.An In-Depth SimulationThis is a somewhat realistic simulation of the basics of human life in a prison. Each prisoner has needs, and you have to meet those needs by building a variety of rooms and filling them with objects. It sounds simple, but the gameplay is fairly complex, with emotional, psychological and physical needs all coming into play.The mechanics are straight forward seeming, but it's easy for riots to start and things to escalate wildly out of hand. Oops, turns out people reeeeally don't like it if you don't feed them. There is a deceptive amount of strategy and forward thinking required that makes each prison you create more efficient as you build up your knowledge. My first one burned to the ground and resulted in a few dozen guards getting shanked whilst the prisoers escaped... yeah okay, not only should I have fed them, I guess I should have built prison walls too. Live and learn (unless you're a guard in Prison Athravan, RIP!)Add to this research trees, staff management, educational and recreational programs, managing addiction, guard rotas and pathing, shakedowns and security, visitation, resources and financial stress and you have one hell of a deep simulation game.Modding CommunityOn top of the pretty much endless simulation, the modding community for this game is fantastic. Thousands of people have poured their heart into prison and object design, as well as scenarios and additional features, and it's all available free. The game was great to begin with, but kudos to all those who have submitted to the workshop, and to the developers for providing the tools for the people who are way smarter than me to share their creations. All I can do is scroll through page after page in awe of their dedication and skill.TL:DR A game that may look simple on the surface but has an absolute ton of depth. An extremely well built simulation game; with the added bonus of a very active and creative modding community to boot. Big thumbs up!"
,Recommended,233450,25036293,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Klodobe,"Heist, anyone?Ok, although you can't perform heists in this game, you can pretend that you where taken here for failing one.- ProsExtremely detailed gameplayThe implementation of temperature is cool (pun intended), but sometimes seems like the game could just do without it (it can be disabled)Great fun to play as the prisoner either in your own prison or one for the Steam Workshop-ConsSometimes it gets a little frustrating when you cant cross over power cables coming from different power generators, but it is something I can live withIt takes a reasonably long amount of time to collect all the Bible pages and Polaroids which is annoying because it is an achievement to collect them all, meaning that achievement will take a while to getIn Prison escape mode it is sometimes easy to slip past metal detectors which takes some of the challenge away from the game, but again it is fixable by not doing it-Features I'd like to seeMultiplayer!!! Specifically in the prsion escape mode as it would be great to tag along with a friend and escape a prison togetherAs temperature was added a little while back it would be nice to see A/C to cool the prison rather than just windows (not the operating system)Now unfortunately no free cake or other confectionaries are included with this game, but it is a small sacrifice to make with such a well developed game.Download size: ~300mb   -maybe less because I have prisons and stuffTrading cards: 8        -all roughly around 6p (in GBP)Achievement count: 18   -at the time I wrote this reviewAchievement difficulty: Easy-MediumRating:9/10Recommendation:I personally highly recommend it especially if you like games such as Simcity but with a twist, but without the city building bit but like the economy and stuff is similar...to some extent."
,Recommended,233450,22873298,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,"Axel ""Not the Real"" Foley","Long-time player here, I've been supporting the game and the team for a few years now.For starters, this game has a huge mod database, and mod community continuing to produce for it. Developers see this and notice that some mods need to become supported by an official patch, and they are implemented. These guys have worked their asses off to prove the Early Access system wrong, and they did. This game is a sucess and proves what backers can do for developers who put their heart into their game.Game has minimal, if any bugs with vanilla base game. When you put in mods in any game you run the risk for bugs, thankfully the base game experience provides a simply incredible game, one that doesn't actually NEED modifications, but if you want them, plenty exist.Must buy for those who enjoy city builders, or simulation games."
76561198070528964,Recommended,233450,20042344,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,graham,"Spend a couple hours on a prison.All of my prisoners begin to start rioting, so I send in the police and everyone dies.I am then sent to my own prison on the charge of criminal negligence.I join in on the riot and escape in minutes.10/10"
,Recommended,233450,16389872,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[PPx] xBlubbs,Played a little. Worth the money.
,Not Recommended,233450,20243461,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,shemperdoodle,"Prison Architect has the potential to be a fantastic game.The gameplay is incredibly addicting. You will experience the same urge that something like the Civ series will give you, except ""just one more turn"" becomes ""just one more room/building"". Once I had begun the third iteration of my prison with $500k in funds, the fun was really getting started as I had the ability to build what I wanted instead of what I had to do to get by.Or so I thought.Once my budding prison complex reached ~175 prisoners, I noticed something; the frame rate had begun to drop.. Surely this game with its 2D sprites wasn't slowing my gaming rig down...or was it? By 250 prisoners I was down below 30 FPS.Upon further inspection, it wasn't just the FPS that had dropped; the actual pace of the game seemed to be tied to the frame rate. What was 3x game speed had now slowed to a stuttering 1x game speed. A quick search of the internet revealed the root cause of the issue (and that I was far from alone).Prison Architect is a processor-heavy game. This is expected and normally not a problem; there are a lot of things happening at once when you reach the point where 500 entities are ""thinking"" and moving simultaneously in your game world. However, what IS a problem is the fact that Prison Architect only runs on one of your processor's cores, with no hyperthreading. The 3.0 GHz eight core beast sitting in the case next to me might is about as useful as the Celeron in grandma's laptop. This means that EVERYONE who plays this game, regardless of their rig's power, is going to experience the same slowdown once they get to ~200 prisoners - which is RIGHT when the game has sucked you in and you are ready for the long haul.Prison Architect is insanely fun. I spent roughly 16 of the last 48 hours playing it. Unfortunately, it's so poorly optimized that it will eventually become virtually unplayable if I continue to feed my new addiction.I cannot recommend Prison Architect to anyone in its current state. The developers should be ashamed of themselves for letting this issue exist for so long. If things change in the future, I will edit my review.Edit: After 4 months and 4 more updates to the game, this is still unfixed."
,Recommended,233450,18371215,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"Finally, it is fully released. What can really be said about this game that hasn't already been said? It's an amazing tycoon game and I, daresay, the best Prison game I've ever played. The core concepts are simple, you build a prison with the intent on making money. You make money by accepting grants, getting more prisoners and having a bigger prison. With more inmates, comes more issues, thus requiring more money. Excess money is spent on research, salaries, expansion and general upkeep. You can build your prison however you want within the map size and I've seen some crazy prison layouts from other players (the Enterprise prison and automated prisons come to mind). They have even added in a campaign mode and you can take control of the inmates and bust out of the prison. This is a damn good game and I highly recommend it to anyone even remotely interested in Tycoon-esque games.Word of advice, don't leave any doors open and get metal detectors as soon as possible.Gameplay Footage:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNZOgsjK6vU"
,Recommended,233450,31073525,Posted: 10 April,all,L.Peluzzo,"Who knew I always had the long dormant dream of building an inefficient, badly layed out, undestaffed, gang haven, drug ridden, state funded, money embezzling prison?Mother would be proud."
,Recommended,233450,18377686,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Misdoubtful,Best zoo simulator to date!
,Recommended,233450,25086713,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Creepy Croconile,"I have a fairly large sandbox prison, plenty of guards, and extremely harsh punishments of solitary for up to 40+ hours just for having a spoon in your pocket. I had 50+ prisoners in solitary at any given time, but that wasn't enough for me. I pulled all of my guards out of the cell blocks, and locked the doors. Days later, what I was hoping for had happened.'RIOT UNDERWAY,  418 PRISONERS ARE RIOTING'>Hire 50 armed guards>Split them up and station them near the cellblock doors which the prisoners would break through at any moment>Free-fire enabledLong story short, DEATHS(today): 210, all of these were prisoners.Just buy the game already, come on!"
76561197969417125,Recommended,233450,18591325,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,G00N3R,"An inmate is attempting to escape my prison. He's running along a path between two cell blocks, with a baton wielding guard in pursuit. As I pan the camera to follow the prisoner, I notice some activity at the front gate. A couple of workmen are carrying building materials for my latest construction project. The guard closest to the gate opens it to allow the workmen to enter, and I watch with a mixture of horror and embarrassment as the prisoner times his run perfectly to pass through the open gate, and out to freedom.This anecdote perfectly illustrates everything you need to know about Prison Architect, the simulation game where the player has to build a prison and manage its day to day operations. The main sandbox game mode doesn't have a scripted story (there is a basic story in the tutorial mode), but there's lots of potential for each player to talk about unique events that happened to them. You'll spend alot of time discovering problems and figuring out how to fix them (I solved the above hole in my security by extending the outer fence and adding a second ""inner"" gate so that anyone coming in or out has to go through both gates). And unlike other management games, there's a constant feeling that your ""customers"" are actively trying to ruin all your hard work, and at any moment it could all burn down around you - literally.Each prisoner has a list of needs, such as sleep, food, hygiene, exercise, family and recreation. If you don't fulfil these needs, the prisoners will get angry and eventually start a riot. So you have to make sure you've got a big enough kitchen to keep everyone fed, build showers, hire janitors, give prisoners some yard time, let them meet family in a visitation room, and relax by playing pool or watching TV.As you would expect, inmates will sometimes attack and kill each other, smuggle contraband and try to dig tunnels to escape. To combat this you can hire normal guards (equipped with batons, upgradeable to tazers) and armed guards (guns) and select which areas of the prison to deploy them. Guard dogs are good at sniffing out contraband and detecting tunnels. You can place CCTV cameras and metal detectors. In the event of a riot you can call in special riot police and firemen. Prisoners caught breaking the rules can be punished with solitary confinement.If you choose to try to improve the lives of your prisoners, you can give them training so they can work in the kitchen, workshop, library or laundry. You can give them treatment for drugs and alcohol addiction in the infirmary, let them seek religion in a chapel or give them an education in a classroom. This all contributes to ""reform"" which influences the chance that they commit another crime after being released from prison. This ""reoffend rate"" is the closest thing the game has to an overall goal. The lower the rate, the better your prison is performing. Or you could just ignore the prisoners' well being and try to make as much profit as possible. The player has complete freedom to design their prison how they want.I do have some complaints. The tutorial campaign is quite basic, and there's alot of stuff that isn't explained. Once I started building my own prison from scratch in the sandbox I had to find answers to lots of questions on the forums. And the framerate starts to die when your prison gets quite large. My framerate was a constant 60 fps until I reached around 300 inmates, but now I've got 500 its just barely staying above 30 fps. Its still playable (framerate isn't as important for this kind of game as it is for a fast paced action game) but I'm not sure I want to go for the 1000 inmates achievement because I expect it would get even worse.Overall Prison Architect is a really fun, extremely deep game. There's a ton of more complex systems I've not even mentioned here, but at the same time its not overwhelmingly difficult to learn how to play. I definitely give a strong recommendation to Prison Architect. I've played almost 30 hours just doing the tutorial and building one prison, so there's easily enough playing time to justify a full price purchase."
76561197996545576,Recommended,233450,25117257,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Mark Pollin,"Too much freedom behind bars?Prison Architect is a great little simulator in the mould of Theme Hospital/Park, where you have to build and look after your own private institution.It starts off at 100mph as you uncover the reasons behind a brutal double killing and a prisoner's subsequent execution.Before long, an intuitive interface and design means you quickly pick up the basics and can run a reasonable establishment.As you progress, more options of how to deal with your prison population become available.You'll need them too; that cosy institute of placid inmates diligently counting down the days to their release and reintegration into society will soon morph into a violent cesspit lurching from one crisis to another.Right under your eyes inmates will be arming themselves and hatching plans to escape - before you know it a huge riot is under way and a gang armed with drills and shanks are making a beeline to the exit, armed with the keys of a guard they gutted in the corridor.I predict a riotBut more often than not you can quickly rectify a problem when it arises by chucking money at it; spam a few guards in the canteen when Dragos and his buddies kick off and the uprising is quashed.You won't be sort of money either; it's easy to get very generous grants by fulfilling the meagre criteria needed for most of them.Coupled with a very short campaign (which is really a tutorial), you run out of 'things to do' fairly quickly and you're left with the sandbox mode.This might be ample for some people, but as someone who likes a challenge, building a prison free of any real pressures or targets is quite boring.Yes, you can make things more difficult for yourself by doing things like accepting the maximum amount of prisoners on each intake, but it's an artificial goal with no benefits or consequences.And, of course, you're playing alone.A multiplayer option putting prisons head to head, for example, would be brilliant, or rival players trying to break out/take over a prison is another opportunity missed.That said, this is an excellent little game well worth a buy.Pros:- Slick design and interface- Easy to learn the basics- Absorbing gameplay- Brilliant prison escape mode- Good mod integration- Sandbox modeCons:- Very short campaign- No multiplayer- Too easy/lack of challenges in sandbox mode- Can become repetitiveOverall 8/10"
,Recommended,233450,16716777,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Admiral_Nemis,"I really really love this Game! why?+Prisons's personality+System is so easy to understand+Prisons's name is not the Same name for ALL+Easy to play+You can hire Staffs as much as you can!+Effect ComfortAnd especially Have Some FIGHT! in the Jail or PRISON!!!!Negative is-Doesn't have soundtrack (but have natural sound like walk on the grass,concrete open&close jail door,cooking sound and More!)Have Fun!!"
,Recommended,233450,18420447,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Sevaarcen,"The devs are fantastic people. They released monthly progress updates that showed off new features and were fun to watch. They were held accountable, and kept release schedules and promises. I support the devs for who they are, and the games they make.This is a fantastic game made by a fantastic studio. If all game studios were like this, the game dev world would be a much better place."
76561198082573742,Recommended,233450,32153400,Posted: 3 June,all,movie_monk,This is easiliy one of my favorite games on steam.
,Recommended,233450,19577778,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Hoovyspenser,"This game is glorious.The graphics/artstyle is quite amazing.The music.....well so far I can only hear it in campaign mode and during riots, once I listen to the whole soundtrack, I'll share my opinion.And the gameplay is so much fun like it's the best ""lock'em'up"" game you have ever played; From seeing the workmen building the prison to inmates arriving and get on with their lives. Although once you finished building your prison, that's pretty much it other than trolling your prisoners or play Escape Mode.Ah yes, the Escape Mode is also my favourite aspect of the game (probably better than The Escapists) you get to play as an inmate and you can start ♥♥♥♥ing thing up in the prison including starting fights, set objects on fire, kill everyone (including visitors....even those who are under 13! Inb4 PA gets controversy complaints)You can play Escape Mode on someone else's prison on the Steam Workshop although I wish that we have needs in the game (Food, Sleep, etc) including interactions to furniture....you know, instead of trying to escape, you should follow the regime. Oh and able to join gangs manually.Also mods, there's mods everywhere in the Steam Workshop.Examples like texture mods, object mod, campaign (experimental) and more.Ever wanted to make your own Fallout Vault instead of a prison?Ever wanted to complete more grants for more money?Ever wanted to improvethe game's sprites?Ever wanted to force the game to have a riot because.....for fun?Ever wanted to change the warden into a loveable Gaben?Well whatever the case you want....This game is so addicting,This game is definitely worth your time.This game is for you.9/10One of the best indie games I've ever played[Also I bought this game just one day before the release of V1 so....can I still have my early supporter badge, IV? :3]"
,Recommended,233450,26964046,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,zealphanerd,"134 hours of play. 134 hours I will never get back and I regret NOTHING! Prison Architect is one of those games you can't stop playing. I always think, maybe I can do it this way or, what about this. Everytime, and it's just as fun every time. Give it a shot you won't regret it either."
,Recommended,233450,13178255,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Chicha,"Build prison walls?: CHECKBuild cells, canteens/kitchens, and the warden's office?: CHECKIs the power ON and do we have guards?: CHECKInmates arriving at prison. Do they enter the prison?: ...................no.....Did they ran away?: No. They just hung around the prison's entrance.......oh well, good enough! Thumbs up!"
76561198093265851,Not Recommended,233450,33330700,Posted: 6 July,all,71,"It's really unfortunate that Introversion can't ever seem to ever really polish out the bugs from this game.I've been playing off and on for at least a couple years now. Every time my prison inevitably reaches a size / complexity where one of the various resources that need distributed throughout the prison (esp. food and clothes), just will not work adaquately. Over the updates, that max size has increased, but we're now well beyond official release and I'm still having to quit because of bugs.I feel I've put in more effort micro-ing around bugs and balance issues than any reasonable person should be expected to and still enjoy the experience.I cannot recommend this game in its current state (Update 12)"
76561198188319105,Recommended,233450,25245093,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ThatGuyWhoHadAName,>Found a World War 2 POW mod>Downloaded it>Wonder how to build cell blocks>See dormitory option>Proceed to make a 1400 capacity dormitory of mixed prisoner securities.>Prison worksI made a actual concentration camp and it worked.It's a great game on normal too.Like surely buy it.
76561197985519784,Recommended,233450,12390377,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Moo,This game is sweet. A must buy for anyone who likes this genre.
,Recommended,233450,18392019,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Second Biggest Boy (after nokk),"Surprisingly deep game with a cartoony art style that makes the grim reality of prison more palatable. Every Early Access update was a nice step forward, and the 1.0 release definitely feels like a complete game.Best thing about it, in my opinion, is that this game is incredibly balanced. You can be as harsh as you want, or build luxury suites for your drug dealers and murderers. You can build your favorite prisoner his own home and have staff bring his meals to him while he watches TV all day. All of these are valid playstyles, and will perform well on different metrics.There are so many different game mechanics going on, but they're all intuitive, and the game's timescale control gives you all the time you need to figure out what to do. The campaign mode also breaks down a lot of the features one-by-one, which makes a great introduction to the game."
,Recommended,233450,31236227,Posted: 19 April,all,Blarla,"I am a simulation player always looking for the next great simulation game and this title fits the bill.Many hours have been lost to this game, most of it fun, some of it frustratingly so.  Here is what I enjoyed immensely and what irritated me.The GoodOptions are a real consideration in Prison Architect.  Planning out the overall layout of your prison with the blueprinting tool, choosing if you want one massive complex, many buildings about the place, a nice prison focused on reform or a prison based on hell itself.  Locking all inmates up for their entire stay in a 1x1 cell.  Not only are these ideas actually doable, but they all have pros and cons to working with many other possibilities available as well.  You can even decide if you want a male or female prison, which can change certain requirements, layout and rooms.The details of this game are extremely attractive to me.  Working out which phones to tap for intel, sniffing out contraband, locating escaping prisoners in underground tunnels, hooking up CCTV cameras to watch your prisoners Big Brother style, setting up patrols, schedules, deciding if you want armed guards or not, reform prisoners or not, feed them well or not, luxuries in their cells or not, reward good behaviour or not.  Right down to watching the workman build your latest design, laying water pipes, bricks, electrical cables, hooking up lights, groaning as they moving furniture, the little clinking sounds of laying tiles.  Just so wonderful.Getting bored of this title would be an extremely tough challenge I believe.  There is so much content, from a story mode, sandbox, addition of Gangs, Staff Needs, Modding and prison sharing via the Steam Workshop.  Not to mention Escape mode where you can become an inmate in your prison or someone else’s you download from the workshop and attempt to escape it yourself.  This game is worth every penny, I even paid extra for My Name In The Game 'Nancy 'Ripper' Philips'.I play this game on my Youtube channel and will soon be uploading my attempt at a 1000 inmate capacity prison to the workshop.  LaCorp Jail.  I invite you to escape it.The BadIf you are new to this game then you may find yourself struggling to learn the basics.  There is no real basics tutorial and even an opening menu to the game is missing.  When you start up you are thrown straight into a sandbox prison with workmen, few supplies, little money and inmates arriving soon and no real help on what to do.ESC will help you find a menu and a story mode that will teach you some basics but focuses more on what comes much later in your prison and possibly 'showing off' what the game can do.  While the story is great, it doesn't really help a new player become familiar with the title.  All I can say is, it's worth the effort to learn.  You will be rewarded in spades."
,Recommended,233450,16629281,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Bibi Maghoo,"It's like Theme Park but all your guests spend the night, every night, while trying to kill each other and the staff you spent all your money hiring. Sometimes they will just start riots and kill all your dogs. Sometimes they will kill all your cooks and then riot because they are hungry. Sometimes they will dig an escape tunnel from Solitary all the way back to their cells, because you gave them a bookshelf. Other times they will just set fire to things.When they are not doing such, you can build them classrooms and hire teachers for them to murder. You can setup yards, give them jobs around the prison, learn new tech and issue your guards with tasers and such devices that keep them alive slightly longer, when the prisoners break down all the carefully placed locked doors you spent time planning out thinking it was foolproof. Enjoy the hilarity of having every guard in your prison delivered to the morgue you built, and having to call in emergency services in riot gear to retake the prison.You can also cut down trees for cash, make prisoners into slaves that build furniture, and generally rip off the taxpayer with 'grants' that give you thousands for nothing, just like real life prisons.This game is excellent."
,Recommended,233450,13977724,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Fatthew,"I accidentaly pressed freefire, then all my prisoners died9/10"
,Recommended,233450,7828302,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Jonesy,"I thought this was gonna be about an architect who does something bad and goes to jail, but it's not."
76561198077898696,Not Recommended,233450,20612460,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Slurpee12,"This game has the potential to be a fantastic game; however, at current state I cannot reccommend it.If you're looking for a casual, small to medium prison game, then this is a fantastic game.What I was looking for was to be able to create a super max high capcity prison.  After playing ~12 hours with small prisons and learning the mechanics of the game, I was ready for a 3000+ capcity prison.  This is where the game struggles.  I have a high end system (SLI GTX 970s i-7 3820 @4.2GHz) and this game cannot operate past 1000 entities in game.  I was extremely let down, my GPU usage was less than 15% and my CPU was around 30%.  My hardware wasn't even being used.  The game is very poorly optimized for very large prisons.  I read that it only uses 1 core of your CPU.  Once I can build a gigantic prison, this will possibly be one of the greatest games ever.  But, at current state the gamne becomes unplayable for large prisons.If you're not looking for a large prison builder, then this is the game for you.  But, if you are, then I can't reccommend it."
,Recommended,233450,18358242,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Zarathustra,"I've been playing Prison Architect for about 30 hours per alpha release for the latest few versions that came out before the final release came out. An early access game that not ONLY has relesed new versions on schedule for a long time, and now actually has reached version 1.0, is, sadly, something to celebrate on Steam.Aside from the fact that the devs have used the Early Access platform the way it was meant to be used and that should be commended, it's also a pretty damned good managment game. Prison managment has been done before, but not for a long time, and never well, and it's a change of pace from the usual town managment sims. Now your ""population"" is the enemy, as well as your source of income.The number of systems that works togheter to form the complete simulation is very impressive, and even a small change can shatter a very stable system. For example. I had a prison with 750 prisoners, running very smoothly. Then a gang leader arrived on the bus one morning and started organizing the red gang, one of the three gangs in my prison. I had never had a gang leader before so I let him work for a bit before sending him to my supermax facility, so I could experience how running a prison with an organized gang was like. In supermax he lost his temper, and ended up in solitary. This angered his gang enough that they started a riot. A couple of hours later when the dust settled and the riot police left there were 54 dead, over 60 injured, and 200 prisoners who were up for solitary for their actions during the riot. The rioting prisoners broke into protective custody, where snitches and former policemen who ended up in prison are kept, and killed half of the protected prisoners. I was put on notice, and risked ending up as a prisoner in my own prison. Luckily my lawyer got me out of that... A prison is a delicate system, and care needs to be taken when introducing anything new.There is now added a story mode, to work as a guide for new players, and an escape mode, where you get to play as a prisoner, as well, but I still feel that the sandbox mode is the meat of the game. You learn some new tricks each time you build a new prison, and as you can sell your old prison for an extra cashboost in the startup phase of your next one, you will get more and more funds for each prison you build.My only problem with the game is that it starts to lag when your prison grows too big, depending on how good your computer is. I first start to notice it at 750 prisoners and roughly 350 staff, so at just over 1000 individual characters present in the same prison, but my computer is pretty damned good. I know that a lot of people can't even get 500 prisoners to work well.tl:drDamned good simulator/managment game. Buy it, play it, profit. A bit unforgiving if you make a mistake though, but that's the way in a prison.Highly recomended."
,Recommended,233450,25253372,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Yze,"This game is, in my honest opinion, the crowning achievement of Early Access. Not only is the game more than feature complete, but it has also been in a fully playable and enjoyable state since the earliest of days. The monthly dev logs are a joy to watch and kept players informed about changes along the way in a very excellent fashion.Not only that but even after leaving Early Access these devs continued working and improving upon this game. I can only applaud their work ethic because there are companies releasing 60$ titles that have never even dreamt of putting in this type of sustained effort.The game is also really, really good and you should just buy it really."
76561198037215477,Recommended,233450,12430416,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,The_Strategist,I made a prison called Peach Palm Blossoms with no fences. I was fired.
,Recommended,233450,31996547,Posted: 27 May,all,Bass][e,"★★★★☆A really addictive game that feels like it will never end. The title might be a little misleading, as I found myself worring about management a lot more than about architecture, especially since the player can't even build a multiple floored building and that he doesn't have to worry about the mathematical complexities that come with it. Despite the title, the amount of time you can spent with it is amazing. It has lots of mods and downloadable maps, a short but great campaign that functions as an excellent tutorial, an escape mode and it provides a lot of player agency in running the facility. It's simple enough for casual play, deep enough for the more dedicated players. I found myself going between playstyles, where I left the game open while I ran a video or podcast next to it.However, the bigger your prison gets, the slower your system will run it. I've a 3,3 Ghz CPU and by the time I almost had a thousand inmates, the game ran definitively slower than before (though it was perfectly playable). The game also suffers from numorous glitches. Some experienced some severe bugs where parts of the area was unusable because the game said a building is standing there eventhough it was clear grounds. I noticed that workers don't reliably lay down powercables, where parts of it are missing by the end of the contruction. I saw the same issue with some maps I downloaded from the workshop, meaning that other players must have experienced the same. There are also a lot of glitches involving the behaviour of your employees, which often get fixed with a quick restart or reload of the game. Luckily, the devs continue to update the game with fixes.I got this game for 5,60 euros, which (looking back) was a steal."
,Not Recommended,233450,32813822,Posted: 26 June,all,☭Fundamentally Unfuckable™,"I want to recommend this game. I *really* do. It's fun, it's addictive, and it's a good time sink.Problem is, Introversion aren't making it easy for me.Despite being a ""full release"", the game is still buggier than an ant-hill during mating season. I've had this game since it went into early access, and I STILL get the bug where workers stop doing their assigned tasks for no good reason. Not to mention the fact that there are still issues with pathfinding, and some tasks appear ""blocked"" even though you can see the path there with your own two eyes.Let's not get into the version differences either. My PC is vastly stronger than the console version, yet the console version handles higher prisoner counts with EASE whereas mine begins to chug. Hey, let's not forget that the console version is actually GETTING more content through DLC. What are we getting? Nothing of note.Mobile version pretty much runs better as well.tl;dr Get it on PS4."
76561198207353959,Recommended,233450,24149162,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Rodent,"When I first started playing I only did sandbox. I had no idea you could adjust when you wanted your prisoners to start arriving so they all automaticly came on the second day, so the game went like this.-The prisoners have arrived: QUICK BUILD SOME CELLS-The prisoners need food: HURRY BUILD A CANTEEN-The prisoners are escaping; HIRE SOME GUARDS!!!It took me 20 tries before I learned you were meant to build a prison then add prisoners.That made the game slightly more easy."
76561198025757906,Recommended,233450,18369781,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,HOWLAND,Spend 5 hours building a prisonEmploy prison guardsPlan to precision where you will deploy your staffCreate an unescapable fortressSet prisoner regimeGet max security prisoner on day 52Forget you have max security prisonerPrisoner escapesRiot startsEveryone diesLose prison10/10 would lose again
76561198018954622,Recommended,233450,30696429,Posted: 23 March,all,Braix,A great School Architect game as well
,Recommended,233450,13526309,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,-[HC]- Lashley1337,My people rioted over improper clothing... So I built another kitchen.All 17 of my guards were shanked and killed. My armed guards unloaded on everyone. Everyones dead.10/10
76561198057842710,Recommended,233450,23338949,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Deeman777,"Prison Architect, How Many♥♥♥♥♥♥Heads Can I Confine In a Tight Space?To make it short and sweet, this game is fun. I really liked it overall. However, it didn't take long before it got a bit boring since you experience everything it has to offer by the end of your first prison. Its not a bad thing I guess since it didn't overstay it's welcome. You have to be careful building around prisoners too because if they see an opening, they will say, ""Peace ♥♥♥♥♥es!"" and book it like hell while your prison guards handle the situation. Prisoners will die and the prison nurses will have trouble sleeping at night but at least the situation was handled.There isn't too much for the controls. It's mainly the mouse with the keyboard to either access the keyboard shortcuts or acts as a way to move around the screen. However, the UI works pretty well. Its easy to navigate, there's a search bar to search for certain assets you want to put into your prison, and you place it in as such. The assets include: Important human beings, not important human beings, chairs, vending machines, TVs, Cameras, automatic doors, non-automatic doors, and more for sure. This game has a surprising amount of depth to it in the building department since you have to build your own water pipe system and even wiring your electricty to certain parts of the prison so you can keep the lights on and get a good view of the prisoners getting brutally beatened or going mentally insane as you accidentally confine them to Solitary Confinement for 2 months when you meant 2 days. Yes, there's no way, that I know of, to revert that. Guess you're ♥♥♥♥ed, buddy.This game also features a ""Escape Mode"" (or something like that) where you can choose a prison you either downloaded from the Steam Workshop or one you made yourself and you try to escape it as a prisoner. The controls are pretty standard but they work for that. Its kind of fun since you can form gangs to help you in it and can even get away with murder if you're good enough. Its also a good way to test how good your prison holds up. You can of course get loans or grants if you fulfill certain tasks given to you so you can keep these unlawful ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s in longer where they're heavily mistreated. The grants work against you since some of them require that you treat the prisoners good. Why do they need a TV?? ♥♥♥♥ them, they murder someone, here's a ball and some string, have fun,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ You can read up on what your prisoners did as well and they even have names. Some of the descriptions of the prisoners are pretty funny to say the least. There's so much to talk about, honestly, it'd take forever to cover it all. Just play the game if you're interested at this point but the review will continue.The game looks pretty good. Its a top down 16 bit looking game that belongs on a Playstation 1 or SNES, if you're optimization is good enough. It's really nice on the eyes and it works quite well since you can tell the difference between everything and that's always a plus! The small character models look weird though, they are like all related to Rayman or something because they have no arms or legs. They are just a body, head, and round hands and that's it. It works so whatever.The sound of the game works. This game is quite full of sound, actually. You can hear how angry the prisoners are when they are rioting against your prison guards and you can hear all the cooking and cleaning in the prison kitchen when they are serving the prisoners barely editable food. The prisoners, when they fight, have these cartoon-ish sound effects when they are punching each other God knows where. The sound in this game does make the prison much more alive and that is always much appreciated.As for replayability, that depends on how you feel about the game after the first full fledged prison you make. Do you want to make more stuff, or do you want to put the keyboard and mouse down and move on? I think this game has the potential of having several playthroughs. Its definitely a good game to revisit after you haven't played it for awhile. Its a fun game but I don't know if replaying it directly after your first prison will be quite as satisfying as the first so you may want to take a break then come back to get another bite.Overall, even though people have died and the prison inmates sleep comfortably with their hidden shivs at night, its still quite an enjoyable experience and is quite fun. I got this for almost full price but I can say that this is worth the full price, overall. Get this game if you haven't already. Its worth a playthrough or two."
,Recommended,233450,18358827,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Pontus,"A Minimum Security prisoner entered my prison to serve 5 years for Indie Game Piracy.He is now in SuperMax and living out a 273 year sentence for killing many prisoners, guards and dogs in the laundry room and then later on in the outdoor showers.10/10 highly realistic"
76561198013529169,Not Recommended,233450,20550344,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Rodario,"There are a few reasons to recommend this game (It's novel and fun at first, if you're into planning and optimizing) and many reasons not to (Bugs, poor design decisions, it's far too easy/lacks complexity, it's not yet finished but ""released"" from EA, balancing issues, ...).I originally planned to write a detailed review, expanding on each issue, but decided against it as to not steal focus from the one big reason I'm writing this non-recommendation:MAJOR PERFORMANCE ISSUESPrison Architect produces a heavy CPU load to calculate its simulations, or the AI decisions of the game's agents. Unfortunately, it isn't multi-core capable and will only use two threads. This results in significant FPS and simulation speed decreases as the number of agents increases.My current prison - which I'm stubbornly completing despite it having become a major chore - holds 300 prisoners, employs around 350 staff, has slowed down to around 12-15 FPS and a proportional simulation speed decrease while idle, and a nigh unplayable 5-6 FPS while building my next cell block of 100 cells. System: i7 5930k, @2800MHz RAM.To put things into perspective: There are achievements for holding 500 and 1'000 prisoners respectively. The achievement here being patience and a tolerance for slideshows, of course.Which brings me to my next, and final point. As other games have proven, it's perfectly possible to have an agent based simulation maintain a smooth, stable simulation speed for most of the game's situations even without multi-core capabilities. The trick is to have a difficulty-induced softcap on the total number of agents the system has to handle. In PA, it's ridiculously easy to keep hundreds (or thousands) of prisoners' needs fulfilled. Once you have the money to build all the necessary facilities, you would need to purposely mismanage your prison for anything ""interesting"" like riots to have a chance of happening. If it weren't for the need to occasionally and manually check for and remove tunnels, or watch out for tagged snitches among new arrivals, you could run the game on full autopilot for days and the only thing that would have changed once you return would be your account balance.Prison Architect has (had) a lot of potential, but sadly, I cannot recommend it in its current state (A sentiment that should be reserved for Early Access reviews). Stay away from this (for now) unless you plan on only building tiny prisons, have a lot of patience, don't mind slideshows and screen tears, or have hypothreaded your CPU down to two virtual cores."
76561197981318409,Recommended,233450,11279888,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Agrivane,"I built an open plan kitchen / canteen, a prisoner stole a knife then rampaged, killing a dozen inmates, several guards and a cook.Before adding metal detectors, everyone who completed the workshop safety course came away with a shiv.Thinking sprinklers were not necessary in an all-concrete facility, I watched with horror as a vandalized toilet and poorly grounded metal detector caused a raging fire.  Only one prisoner in the block survived.Accidentally toggling the armed guards to weapons free instead of calling in the riot police, a large riot was stopped very quickly.  It took a while to move the bodies and clean up all the blood....and the electric chair hasn't been implemented yet.  :)"
76561197995814568,Recommended,233450,28585928,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Nemek Kawalsky,Highly recommended.The learning curve is pretty steep! However once you get on your feet this game is really enjoyable. You can easily spend many many hours making your prison bigger and better! It gets addictive.
76364852125126436,Recommended,233450,16263642,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Xen,"This is the best lock em' up simulator of our times!Its your prison, you can do ANYTHING and i mean ANYTHING to your prisoners.Hire guards to handle the pesky riots!Get builders for faster projects!And make the best Max Security prison EVER!"
,Recommended,233450,15886891,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,AnnihilatorX3000,"-Started a massive fire and killed 1000+ people-Made a massive traffic jam because of all the hearses coming in to collect all of the corpses-Built a new prison opposite to the old one-Doctors kept killing themselves by trying to rescue people in the old prison-Workers kept leaving projects half-finished because it's ""Too Dangerous""-Workers blocked everyone's path because they kept leaving stacks of concrete everywhere-Another traffic jam started because no one dumped the garbage-Didn't receive any more prisoners because of all the garbage trucks blocking the prison trucks-Prisoners started starving to death and rioting because the cooks won't cook-Sent 50 armed guards to try and deal with the riot but were blocked by all of the stacks of concrete-Burnt down new prison-Acquired 1000 more corpses-Made a giant morgue for all the corpses-Set the morgue on fire10/10 would massacre again"
76561197965045143,Recommended,233450,18360077,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Rasta,"Quite possibly the best example of how Early Access should work.  The devs had a plan, stuck to it and kept the audience informed.  It's refreshing and I applaude their work.Get past any issue you have with graphics because the gameplay far exceeds them.  They actually work well for the theme imo. Just playing games for decades this is a fun game.  Simple.  Well thought out and put together with strong community support.  It's a buy for anyone liking Theme <insert name> with a great layer of strategy tied in."
,Recommended,233450,18919470,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Freekill,"═══════════════════════════════════OVERVIEWPrison Architectis two games in one, you can either build and manage your own prison or try to escape a prison as an inmate but, the game is mainly focused on managing your prison. You start with an empty plot with workers and some money that you use to build mandatory buildings like offices for Warden and prison cells. Game itself is not really hard, so even if you make a lot of mistakes on your first run you will be fine. Art style and prisoner varieties are endless, prisoners can have special good and bad attributes that can make them faster, deadlier or even more likely to be killed by other prisoners or guards, to fight these you can employ guards that can either be armed with a more powerful gun or a K-9 until by their side or make the prison swarmed by CCTV cameras. Another interesting mechanic is that you can employ prisoners to do stuff janitor or chief does or you can use them as a manpower in workshop so you would earn additional money. In short, the bigger your prison is you will face more problems.http://store.steampowered.com/app/233450/═══════════════════════════════════PROS & CONSPros:Lovely art stylePrison sound effectsPrisoner variety and attributes that will make your life harderIncludes everything you can think about when you say ""prison""Prisoners may form gangs that fight togetherMany community-made prisonsYou can play as a prisoner and:Make your own gangGain reputationSteal thingsBecome stronger and add attributes to yourselfTry to escape your own prisonmuch more!Cons:If your prison become too big you will face lagsThere are some bugs around building foundationsRarely prisoners may stuck themselvesConnecting stuff by wires is unexplained and new players may face difficulties with it═══════════════════════════════════SUMMARY & FINAL RATINGThis game is for everyone that loves management games like SimCity and wants everything to be perfect in their ""masterpiece"". I rate the game 10/10!═══════════════════════════════════For more recommendations and reviews on our favourite up and coming quality games followLot's O Giveaway'sgroup curationshere!"
,Not Recommended,233450,32722559,Posted: 24 June,all,ChiggenWingz,"Just bought this, started to play through the campaign and I hit a OBVIOUS game breaking bug whereby riot police get stuck going through gates. Checked the forums and people have been reporting this issue for ages now.This is the 3rd mission of the introductory campaign where new players like myself learn the basics of gameplay, and its broken. And has been broken for a long time now..."
,Recommended,233450,15877570,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Barry Who Boogies,Guy stole a Spoon so my armed guards opened fire on him and killed him 11/10
76561197982476820,Recommended,233450,12794405,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,El Gato,"First time I played I didn't know about waiting for new prisoners. Four days of non stop prisoner shipments and my prison was a total riot party... But even when things go wrong, you are having a great time."
76561198021199135,Not Recommended,233450,32698440,Posted: 23 June,all,Warg42,"Great prison building sim that feels 3/4 complete. It's got a lot of good ideas that don't feel fully fleshed out. The Devs seem to work on a mechanic then move on without integrating that system into the overall game in a meaningful way. So events, gangs, temp, etc all seem like interesting 1/2 formed ideas. Even the UI seems like it was designed just to get it initially working then left to stagnate.Essentially this is a building sim without a game surrounding it. So it has no where near the depth or replayability of games like Rimworld or Evil Genius.I expected some basic polish before full release and we didn't get that. 2.0 was nowhere near enough to shore up everything that needed to be done.So as good as this is, I can't recommend something the Devs seem to have abandoned in this state.Edit: It looks like they are still working on at least one update, so not abandoned as I had thought, it had been a bit since we had a patch."
,Recommended,233450,34542762,Posted: 27 August,all,Wendy,"So realistic, a guard beat 5 people to death before getting sacked only to come back to be executed."
,Recommended,233450,20012546,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,John Smith,"Stuffed as many inmates as I could in one dorm.80 man riot started in this too small dorm.Blocked the exits and lined up my armed guards.""Fire at will""11.3/10 would paint the dorm again."
,Recommended,233450,9146572,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Dr. Orgasmo,So let's shoot all the prisoners with shotguns.RATING: 10/10 - Would put weapons free on all the time again
76561198010988118,Recommended,233450,18444286,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Sengira_Nanaki,"Having played Prison Architect since the early days of alpha 4 and 5 this game has come a long ways and continues to surprise with each update. The dev team has truly created a masterpiece of a game that will challenge your mind and wits to deal with situations.Overall I give this game a 9 out of 10.Pros -Story mode that keeps you learning but having fun not just bored tutorial.layers and layers of depth that can be turned on or off based on your comfort with the game.Detail detail detail in a simulation strategy this is such as important part of the game that many forget to add, you can see how happy each person is or see how happy everyone is allowing you to control how things go.Workshop and mod supportCons -It can feel a bit repetitive if you don't like this style of game.Audio can be very repetitive and not enjoyable"
,Recommended,233450,23740000,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,PeteyBleachy,>Builds prison>new prisoners arrive>click on one prisoner>says he's 18 but has served 25 years in prison...10/10 makes sense
,Recommended,233450,30717951,Posted: 24 March,all,Kameran,A solid management game about running a prison. Too bad the devs got burned out from developing the game and have left it in its current state. There's plenty of more things to add in this game to make it more realistic.
,Recommended,233450,31363420,Posted: 25 April,all,[Col] M.Hawkins [PTF],"Honestly, I used to hate this game - full of bugs, never saved correctly, etc.However, with the bug fixes, it's turned into an amazing casual game. I tend to be the type of person working a lot on my computer, and it's awesome to have up on the second monitor just monitoring for a riot while pulling in cash!The only thing I would ask is a better version of Fullscreen Window mode, so that it could be run on a second monitor without any stutter."
76561197999514110,Recommended,233450,22859361,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Simpowitch,"During the heavy-rain another prison nearby collapsed, leaving me to take on these 32 new prisoners. I know nothing about them except they will arrive shortly.My prison before they came.Guards 40Armed 5Prisoners 170Only medium and minimum (except for 3 max)2 bunk beds for spare.I hire 15 new workers and tell them to build the new cell-block, in the middle of the night with heavy rain.The 32 prisoners arrive, all maximum and all in the same gang.Takes them 5 minutes before they loose their temper and my 20 guards on duty to recieve them have to deal with that.I have paused and am scared to press play. I think I've lost control of my prison...10/10 would recomend"
,Recommended,233450,32925110,Posted: 28 June,all,TheSwant98,"Prison Architect is a game where you need to know what you are doing. Every investment must give it's profit, otherwise you are bankrupt in 4 seconds.The game is simple but great designed but it does not have that much options to do. (SPOILER) The campaign really surprised me: The story is just beautiful and the tutorial is a bit tough, because on chaper 2/5 you already need to stop a 90 persons riot.If you have the time, patience and skill to design, build and manage a prison, then you should defentelly buy this game."
76561197993235361,Recommended,233450,18631736,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Nosoup4u!,Very fun game. Play for 2000 hrs and still be looking at new ways to buld a beter prison.
,Recommended,233450,22992953,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,champion_3x,Buyer Beware. You will get addicted very quickly to this one.
,Recommended,233450,26276436,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,President Octo,A game about building the BIGGEST PRISON IN THE WORLD! (That's not Australia)
,Recommended,233450,17453559,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Daddyfatflab,This game teaches me why I shouldnt be given power
,Recommended,233450,8629438,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,woolrus,"Prisoners massacred my Guards and Workmen, now they run the prison. Just buy it."
76561198142277899,Recommended,233450,18704741,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Deul,"In my first prison while playing this game, I got a max security prisoner, I have had my fair share of max sec prisoners, that was until I figured out it was a legendary. By the time a found out it was a legendary, he had somehow got his hands on a lighter, he then proceeded to start a riot and burn down half my prison. When the riot guards came the legendary prisoner killed both pairs of riot guards. He basically owned the prison, and so after he killed the warden, forman, chief, cooks, lawer, accountent, and guards he then proceeded ( In Badasserary ) to walk out of my prison that was burnt to the ground. It felt as if he planted a bomb and detonated it as he walked away, LIKE A BAWS."
,Recommended,233450,23286790,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,MindlessElectrons,"When I got it? It was good. Some kinks here and there but still playable. Now? Great. Just about every kink I could remember has been ironed out and the game is better than ever. It's something I can play for hours on end and always find things to do.It has a good learning curve, but nothing that should turn down anyone who doesn't usually play these kinds of games from buying it. Every jail I open is always better than the last in some way, and the planning feature is a blessing to help make sure of that.There's so much I can say about this game, and all I could say would be good, but nothing beats the experience you get from just playing it yourself."
76561198027104348,Recommended,233450,32894880,Posted: 27 June,all,hawkin.a,"I picked this game up midway through its alpha, and 300 in-game hours later it still has my heart. You can customise your challenges not just by difficulty, but by which ones are more fun for you. Want to build a Supermax, with towers and shotguns and automated doors, just to see if anyone can get past you? How about a functional aesthetic build, think you could? Or maybe you're in it for the personal touch -- how many people, staff and prisoner alike, can you take care of while still staying under budget? Maybe you're going for the megaplex -- 1000 prisoners and counting!The mechanics are smooth and direct. The style is charming as hell. It's a great game, and if you're into management sims, you should definitely give it a ride."
,Recommended,233450,25979022,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,dippydoodles,"Prison Architect is one of the best games I have played in years. I had it on my wishlist for ages as I wasn't sure if I would like it or not. I purchased it on sale and have currently played around 435 hours so finally getting to grips with my latest prison. Years ago I played games like Theme Hospital and this has all the best attributes of these types of games. I love building new prisons, the prisoners are quite comical but challenging to deal with so this game can keep your interest for weeks at a time. I do have a very good gaming laptop so am able to build vast establishments. I have not fully explored all the scenarios or challenges within the game but wanted to leave a review for anyone like myself that doubted the game - best money I have spent on steam this year! Currently I am challenging myself to stop escapes and get my statistics up and like all good games, this takes time, but is fun to do - nobody has escaped so far....."
,Recommended,233450,18358376,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Imperial Penguin,This game is what made me get steam.I play it too much.9.99999/10 - No game is perfect. This one lacks cookies.
,Recommended,233450,24387277,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,SwiftLion,"*built a decent prison**gets intake**first day, someone is dead**next day, 2 riots**next day, riot police, 5 dead*going well so far15/10 would riot again"
76561198146931290,Recommended,233450,28663604,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,c00lbr33ze88,"Prison ArchitectGenre: Strategy/Simulation - Real Time Strategy/SimulationRating: 9.5/10Personal playing period: Few monthsIs it worth a buy: Yes. Even at full price. This is a necessity for any strategy/sim players collection.Girl vs Game: I think there may have been a few times that I did in fact pick the game.Personal Comment:This is really a great game with a lot of depth and immersion. I have 80 plus hours and still have not felt a need to play the campaign yet. This is that game where you say just 5 more minutes and then 3 hours later you have your girlfriend and the police knocking on your door thinking you died as you were supposed to pick her up for a date 2 hours ago. This is a great immersive game with a lot to do. It is so much fun trying to design the perfect prison. Just make sure you have a lot of time or just have no job or girlfriend;)Short Summary:This is a prison building simulation strategy game. You start off with some money and a few construction workers and a open piece of land. You then need to start planning and building a prison to house prisoners that will be dropped every 24 hours. You can set how many prisoners must be dropped, what danger level they can be, etc. You are in charge of building the prison, managing the money so you dont run out of it, managing the prisoners and ensuring that they get reformed and that  they are kept happy and maintaing staff and cashflow on a day to day basis. If you like strategy/simulation games then get this.Online gaming:Have not played online but you can via steam workshop play other peoples prisons and also use escape mode to escape from prisons created by fellow gamers.Learning Curve and Gameplay:The learning curve to this game is quite intense. There is a lot that needs to be learned and understood. The utilities must be very well managed in order to ensure the prison does not run out of power and secondly to ensure the power stations and their lines don't cross. Then you have the whole physical construction and layout of the prison that you need to design and build. And then there is the management of the prison, the finances and so many more elements. The game just offers so much that you will spend endless hours on this without batting an eye. Fortunately there is an ""unlimited funds""game mode which I would recommend to start off with till you have the game play nailed. Then start a prison with limited funds and then the fun starts as budgeting and finance planning is added to the list of things to do."
,Recommended,233450,18356334,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,ThePlaSMaxX,Maybe the first game finishing his early access?
,Recommended,233450,31497382,Posted: 1 May,all,Voxie13,Reminds me of the old Bullfrog games like Theme Hospital.Superb.
,Recommended,233450,18355966,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Magraal,"I had a solid prison up and running, I was still expanding but the prisoners I had were happy and everything was going according to plan. Shower time for max-sec when one of the guards operating a surveillance station gets tired and goes for his break. The showers go dark as his screens are unmonitored (no privacy here folks). Someone dies.I scramble the guards but it's too late, another prisoner has his sentence terminated before they arrive. They walk in to a scene of grisly prison r*pe gone horribly wrong. A full-scale riot is now underway with naked, wet and bleeding prisoners running everywhere. I enable free-fire and one of my armed guards wades into the fray barrels blazing, but his efforts are for naught as he gets shanked from behind- one of the naked prisoners grabs his shotgun and begins firing on the other guards. My armed guards arrive in force but the prisoners are angry now and they want vengeance. More prisoners secure themselves guns at a high cost to my guards (and their fellow inmates) and things are rapidly getting out of hand.You like tv shows about prison? They've got nothing on this."
,Recommended,233450,24894425,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,ɀnx,"I original played this when it was release in early access and enjoyed the sandbox prison environment. Now that it has released the game has steamwork support to share prisons, lots of bug fixes a campaign and random events. There is still some roughness to the UI but the game is improved and enjoyable. There is also an escape mode, which I haven't yet played but looks to put you in the place of the prisoner and attempt to escape. If you enjoy building management games, this will be right up your street."
76561198041300903,Recommended,233450,18356715,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Ferrous,1.0 = 10/10It's a mathematical fact
,Recommended,233450,31955334,Posted: 25 May,all,ProtoAES256,"I enjoyed this game for more than what I payed for.Here's what I get after 300+ hours of gameplayPros:+Immersive experience+Nice and throughout campaign+Workshop support!+Being able to seal the wall, let those pesky prisoners riot, suffer from hunger and die.+Time killer+Lightens up your tiring or bored day by looking at those cute little demonic prisoners strolling aroundCons:-No multi CPU support, hogs at 600-1500 prisoners(depends on prison design and specifications)-No borderless fullscreen support-Switching to the electric menu hogs the game even more-Cabbages everywhere, on the floor.-Can't manual depose forgotten entities, such as Dead Driver(It's there for 600+ days O_O)Conclusion:The game is far from perfect, but gameplay overall outruns the cons. The only thing that I'm dissatisfied is the post-prison managing, when things start to clog and lag, I need to start a new prison again or to live on with the lag."
,Recommended,233450,30877724,Posted: 1 April,all,jerrysnake,"Had one prisoner who would constantly start fights and kill other prisoners, being new to the game I didn't have execution unlocked yet so I did it the long way. Locking him and some other poor prisoner in a room with nothing. It took a while for them to die but I don't regret a single second of it.But this game is also good for not murdering people, one of my prisoners had two under 7 year old kids so I let him escape because I felt bad.10/10 can make you want to murder people or reunite them with their family."
76561198047140197,Recommended,233450,18538263,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Mays,"If you tried Dwarf Fortress and managed to survive for 20+ years, then you won't find anything new here.If you tried Dwarf Fortress, liked/loved it but the learning curv deafeted you, then you should try this game. It's more simplified but still entertaining game that follows same lines with a lot of random factors that make it so interesting to try and hold out as long as you can."
,Recommended,233450,7262830,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,CarbonCarl,"A really good game, it allows you to build and organize your very own prison from scratch, abit like the sims cross between theme hospital, and it also requires you to gain and look after inmates and staff and make money to allow your prison to grow, the size of your prison can be pretty endless and at times it can be hard to look after.As you play the game you need to make sure everyone is happy, and has the right amount of sleep and food etc otherwise you can run into trouble with things like riots, property damage and deaths, which all has an impact on what you earn and lose profit wise, you also have to maintain water and electricity throughout the whole of your prison.Overall an excellent example of a modern day theme hospital style game, with alot more flexibility and fun.Note: At the time of writing this the game was in Alpha stage so there was a lot of bugs and issues."
,Recommended,233450,22682325,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,GrizzlyPath26,If you love management games and time wasters this is the game for you. I wouldn't pay thirty bucks for it though. Wait until a steam sale and get it.
,Recommended,233450,13873450,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Dude,"I put 8 High Risk prisoners in a 5x5 holding cell with 3 guards Surrounded by a perimiter wall and a fence. They had no food, no beds and nothing to do except poop and pee and sit on the bench. A few of them rioted but were quickly subdued by the guards. They lasted 9 days before they all died.RIP those prisonersSerious Review:~Great game, plenty to do.~Even though it is in Alpha stages I rarely see any bugs.~High replayability.~If you want it, buy it.~Cant go wrong with this game. 10/10"
,Recommended,233450,18736072,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Sparked99,I left my prison alone for only 10 minutes and all that is left is ashes.
76561198178275802,Recommended,233450,31024025,Posted: 8 April,all,Kim Jong-Un,Probably one of the most simple but easily one of the best sandbox creative games
76561198026977521,Recommended,233450,25305384,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Eckathor,> Be Me> Start out with small prison> Get a few anons> Treat them ok> Prison grows> Starts getting harder to properly take care of prisoners> Stop Caring what prisoners think> Constant angry prisoners> Find out that you get paid to bring in new prisoners once old ones die> Hire armed guards and free fire on prisoners when they act up> constantlyshootingprisoners.jpg> intentionally try to provoke prisoners to act up so I can shoot them and bring in new ones> profit> mfw police brutality simulator 201610/10
76561198095067085,Recommended,233450,12810160,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,TangyTigger,"I love this game only played it for like 7 hours but i love being a noob on it, those ♥♥♥♥ ups that you love like acidently getting rid of your yard fence and watching all the prisoners escape and the lazy gaurds that wont chase them down.""Prison Architect, on of the best simulations of our time"" Quote by Larks"
,Recommended,233450,18664325,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,papi,Got it for $5....one day later and its back to $30 best $5 ever
,Recommended,233450,28781575,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TPOS,"Good ThingsThis game is very stylisticly simple, which makes it easy to understand, adding to the simulation/strategy goodness. I was immediately able to understand all of the menus and icons, and navigate it efficiently in a matter of minutes. I especially liked how in the female prisons they include the family cells and nurseries, understandably not in the male prisons because females are much more favored to have custody of children in the eyes of the law, which is a nice touch showing an understanding of law and order and biases inside of it. It also pays attention to the fact that rehabilitation over deturrance is what some people prefer, adding in the Pacifier warden and offering different schedualed rehabs like alcohol and substance abuse recoveries.Now, the story is much different from this simplicity. The first one is very driving and shows lots of different emotions, displaying at least some of the psychology behind murderers and the spirituality touch just made it even better, even though I am not a very religious person. I believe that this game should cost even more because of the sheer quality of it, the stories being amazingly well written and the polaroid photos for just that added visual effect onto the general mood.Bad ThingsWhile there are very few, I find the system for unlocking things such as legal action are too long, and a simple fine would be fine, pun totally intended. The reason is that those things already exist, and while I realize in actuality it would take at least some time to unlock those benefits, you must also understand that waiting in a game simply isn't fun. When amking one, you should assume your player is not playing any other game, while at the same time checking for things like alarming similarities with other famous games to prevent the online community from yelling at you. This prevents things like long wait times, but also overused game mechanics and carbon copy characters ripped from other games.OverallAn amazing game with quite the gameplay and a great story, just some elements might need to be touched up if it is ever changed significantly in the future. I don't know, I'm just some random reviewer. Go ahead, scroll past this, see if I care."
76561198018884798,Recommended,233450,12411272,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,RalphRoberts,"Its an enjoyable prison building and managing simulator. I liked it, but I didn't love it nearly as much as I do the few games I play regularly, so, while a great game, it just isn't really ""my thing"".I would recommend purchasing it if you are into this kind of game, especially if it is on sale."
,Recommended,233450,18445819,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,SwordDog,"I made a prison for my friend and then he went to Prisoner mode. I thought my 300 guards, 18 armed guards, 10 dogs could stop him..... I was wrong, after he got maxium level he started a gang with Hubert, and Pedro and some other mexicans. Guards let them pass through the armory with guns,He started a rampage killing all my guards, started punching every cell door open.500/10 Would be the best FPS shooter."
,Recommended,233450,13110612,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Jhol,"This game is very fun if you like the Tycoon/Simulation kind of games. It is still in alpha so the game is still improving with new features added every month. The only problem I have found with Prison Arhitet is that there really is no goal. After a while you run out of things to do in the game because you get to a point where there is nothing left to add to your prison except to make it larger. Adding some sort of a campaign would be a good feature.Post-Release Edit: Hey, they added a campaign! I would have recommened it in Alpha, and I'll recommend it even more now that it's out with even more content."
76561198061525940,Recommended,233450,24422416,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Harrythejew,Current session: 920 minutesoh ok
76561198111816768,Recommended,233450,31104013,Posted: 12 April,all,Elflew22,Amazing game. Can't ask for more. Especially the secret 3D mode ;)
,Recommended,233450,26299667,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Gaseous_Snake,"So ive played this game pretty extensively and ive made over 25 successfull prisons, so finally i think ive had enough experience to finally write an in depth reveiw of this game im not going to be one of those guys who sits there like"" THIS GAME IS GUD!"" and when kind of recently the developers finished development on this game and so here we go.For once in my life i have found a sandbox building game which can hold your hand if you want ,it is easy to play and easy to master it perfectly mixes fun with complexibility weather if your just messing around or being serious no matter what kind of gamer you are caual, pro, a little 11 yr old who has rich parents and sits there shouting at things when they dont go your way, there is something for everyone now thets get onto the pros and cons.Pros:*its fun and complex*the AI is smart but also has someflaws which can cause some funny yet sometimes annoying bugs*the shear size of area you can have giving you almost no limits*the amount of items in the game as well as the hidden sprites*it has a campaign*the developers are still fixing bugs*you can activate unlimited money at the start of a game*it can be in 3D through an easter egg*the easy controls*ZOOM TO MOUSE*escape mode!*the modding and normal community*the difficulty its perfect*its easy to learn*and above all its fun to playCons:*the Ai can be stupid*the developers have stoped the production on the game*its FULL of bugs*you can only get a few hours of game out of a prison*the character sprites are limited*no multiplayer (could be fun?)*the campaign sucks at points*escape mode is easy if you know what your doing*all of the modders dont have any new ideasthese are all that i could think of in a ten minute period. all though i have named a lot of wrong with the game it doesnt dispite the fact that i LOVE this game, maybe im a little biased however i definatly think that anyone should at leats give this game a shot, its like a simple version of dwarf fortress that i will remeber for a long time. anyway thats all i have to say on the matter, thank you for spending your time reading this review and goodbye!"
,Recommended,233450,18360994,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,SpaceManTyler,"Tried the new ""Escape Mode"" Here is my storyArrived at prison, went to Visitation, stole a lighter, went into a room full of objects, lit said room on fire, get beaten to a pulp by guards, skip punishment, escaped through hole made by fire.Go to a different prison, stole lighter, lit canteen, power generator and kitchen on fire, starts large riot becuase everyone is hungry, waited for all the prisoners to beat all the guards to a pulp, walk out front door.10/10 lighters are the best."
,Recommended,233450,6689082,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Typhoon Man o' War,A Masterpiece!
,Recommended,233450,13886698,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Yureina,"So you make a jail in this game. Yey. Build buildings and rooms that are used for various purposes all to make your prison... however you want, actually. After moving beyond the premise that you are building this unpleasant place, the game gives you significant amounts of freedom to choose what sort of unpleasant place it is. Will you make a rehabilitation center with classrooms, gardens, and plentiful opportunities to help your inmates? Or will you make an abyssal hellhole of concrete, armed guards, and abusive authority? You can make both in this game, and everything in between. As far as simulations go, the sort of creative freedom this game offers the player is exactly what all games of this genre ought to have. You can adjust everything from deciding what your prisoners do each hour of the day, the types of inmates you have in your prison, to what sort of punishments you deal out when those convicts decide to do something naughty like punching the cooks or trying to dig an excape tunnel through their toilet (eww!). There are nearly an endless amount of possibilities! :oIt's still in Early Access, but the game is very playable right now. I'm looking forward to seeing what else they will add, because what the game already has is excellent. Even if this game is apparently unfinished, you can still have lots of fun with it as you create the jail of your... choosing. XDIf you like simulation games where you build stuff, like SimCity or Tropico, then this is certainly a game worth looking into. Have fun!"
,Recommended,233450,4294541,"Posted: 7 April, 2013",all,Darren,"Excellent game, really fun. Such a timesink you won't know where your day has gone! No bugs that I could find, just some features not yet in it. 9/10!"
76561198056664265,Recommended,233450,29859685,Posted: 11 February,all,Trollbi Wan Kenobi,"I remember this game when it was just Builders, Cooks, Medics, Guards, Higher Rank Staff and Prisoners. Now it is madness. But I do love this game."
,Recommended,233450,27318467,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,❦Xeonzsღ💕,"The game was great already when it first entered early access, now it's just perfect, together with the mods support there is nothing more you could wish for."
,Recommended,233450,10649040,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,The Shackal,Guards bloodied escapees and let them bleed in their cell.10/10
,Recommended,233450,31936880,Posted: 24 May,all,Baron,"Prison Architect is probably the best example of an Early Access success story. Back when the game was in it's earliest EA form, I thought it was great fun. Then the devs began to introduce a ton of scope creep, yet to their credit they somehow managed to deliver upon it, leading to the incredible over-achievement the game is now at full release.PA is the definitive prison building experience, with great freedom given in designing your prison as well as introducing excellent gameplay factors to consider in your constructing, such as security of the facility, contraband flow, gang tensions, etc. Besides building, players must manage staff and prisoner needs, deal with difficult prisoners who may be prone to violence or inciting riots, and in general enforce order in the prison. For such a simple looking game, it is surprisingly complex. A sandbox is available for players who don't want to deal with money management and just want a creative experience.The art style is unique and quirky, fitting perfectly with sometimes tongue-in-cheek, sometimes surprisingly serious tone of the game.There are lots of prebuilt prison mods available on Steam Worshop, but also some really great conversion mods such as a WH40k and Skyrim conversion."
,Recommended,233450,18361461,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,wedge,(short version)Yes.(in depth review)Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes.- Yes- Yes- Yes yesYes yes yes yes 10/10.(TL;DR)YES
,Recommended,233450,16444814,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,jeem,when i grow up i want to be the lawyer that makes it okay to stick minimum-security prisoners in 1x2 cells and keep them locked in there forever
,Recommended,233450,13120177,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,OttoNL,"Original review still below. I just wanted to point out that after a year of playing they have added tons of new features. Cool. However they have not been able to make proper guard AI.Why skip something so essential to do things that you don't really need?Typical big-studio way of working, and that's exactly why I bought an Indie game. Because I want it to work properly. The other 95% of the game is still amazing, but working guards are extremely essential. This is also the reason I haven't been playing anymore. No real use if the entire game comes down to luck.I'm gonna give them the benefit of the doubt and assume they will fix it, but if this is not fixed by time of release this gets a negative recommendation.--It's all been said before, it's the best tycoon-ish game ever made and the prisoner behavior is very realistic. You can build a 300 people prison or you can build a small cosy hippie prison with reform programs and make sure everybody is in a healthy state of mind. Going big and right-wing will be rewarded with money and going small and hippie will be rewarded with very subtle visual clues that tells you about an inmates substance abuse problem and a low re-offending-percentage.Oh yeah one thing to keep in mind. At this point in the development it's quite easy to build a 150 man peaceful LowSec prison. But building MaxSec prisons is still quite hard for me after 180 hours. I've made some that work and I've made some that were hellholes and I'm not a 100% sure yet what the big difference was. It's not as easy as the Tycoon games of the 90's.Oh yeah one more thing... Big prisons are very demanding on your computer and you'll need 80 guards if you want 40 patrols. Not because they need so much rest, but because you have to put extra guards everywhere because they do not wait untill they are relieved of their duty by a colleague before they split. So sometimes you think you have 5 men patrolling in a yard but suddenly 3 walk away and you got a Fight on your hands. And of course every extra moving entity in your prison is more CPU usage. So for the majority of us a huge prison is nearly impossible because of the chaos and the CPU usage. Guard, Dog and Workman AI has some other big problems too like sometimes they refuse to lay pipes for absolutely no reason and Guard Dog's keep biting unconscious inmates untill their dead, lowering the value of your prison (temporarily but still). But building a 100 person prison is a lot of fun too and I'm guessing within half a year it should be possible for everybody to build a big functional stable MaxSec prison. The state of the game is much better then most Early Access games I´ve played."
76561198119507402,Recommended,233450,29281159,Posted: 15 January,all,ThatFriendlyWarmonger,"Have you ever wanted to mercilessly starve hundreds if not thousands of prisoners of food, beat them to death with a variety of weapons, and systematically eliminate the right to privacy throughout your prison?No? Just me? Huh.Well, NOW YOU CAN!Play one of the best games on the market, in which you... um. What do we do again?Oh that's right, WE RUN A PRISON.You could go about doing the nice guy run through, you know, giving them prisoners a way to go back to everyday life and whatnot, but why do that when you can essentially use LEGAL SLAVE LABOR?!Yes, you read that right, you get to force prisoners to work in your prison for as long as you'd like, heck, even until THEY DIE, just so you can make and sell a few extra license plates. Who wouldn't want something like that?So in all fairness, give this game a try, and be the most brutal dictator you can. Have fun, and don't forget: Prisoners never stop wanting things, so it's fine to deny them basic human rights in the first place. Hehe, ""Human"" ""Rights"". Still makes me laugh."
,Recommended,233450,8361873,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Tom,"Excellent sim game, would highly recommend. Still a few bugs but that doesn't prevent enjoyment"
76561198209316232,Recommended,233450,29185815,Posted: 11 January,all,njdeamerf12,I would definitely recomend this game is its amazing it so much fun with 160 hours on record you can probably tell i enjoy this game but on the down side for me after a while you start to run out of things to do so when i found at the game had updated i started playing it
,Recommended,233450,24046797,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,your nonexistent waifu,"I bought this game blind hoping to find a sim game where I can shut off my brain and maybe torture some inmates for♥♥♥♥♥♥and giggles.No, you had to put in a storyline. You had to make the inmates have their own stories and life and I just wanted to see them get out a reformed man.YOU HAD TO MAKE ME FEEL I WASN'T READY FOR THIS. I WAS NEVER READY FOR THIS.Good game, I imprisoned myself just by buying this."
,Recommended,233450,23529836,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,mictim,"Awesome game. It is so enjoyable to make a maximum security prison and treat your prisoners worse than the dirt beneath your feet just because you can. You can either be a friendly, understanding omnipresent being or you can be as malicious and corrupt as the warden from Shawshank Redemption. Overall, i'd give it a 9/10 for its addicting gameplay and variety of playstyles. I wish you could have multiple floors on your prison but we cant have everything."
76561198060680844,Recommended,233450,18415883,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Mr. Rager,"Heres my thoughts on Prison ArchitectThe Positives*Prison Architect is probably one of the best maintained games I have ever played*The developers are amazing, they listen to the community unlike most other game developers.*I love the videos the developers make every month describing what new things they added or changed to the game.*The game updates at a consistant monthly basis including a large amount of bug fixes or features each month.*They are always coming up with new ideas like escape mode which allows you to be a prisoner of your prison or other community made prisons.*The gameplay itself has improved massively. There are so many things you can build, change, add, etc... even during the end parts of the game where you have built a massive prison with every aspect of the game included in your prison, there are always problems that need fixed and things need changed.The Negatives*I don't want to be a fanboy here, but I can't think out of the top of my head any negatives to this game.The Bottom Line*Prison Architect is a great game with amazing developers. I would recommend buying this game."
76561198022763702,Recommended,233450,26704343,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,FlyingShields,"Prison Architect is a perfect combination of relaxing and fun making it the perfect simulator for casual gamplay. Whether I play it for 20 minutes or 5 hours, it is always a joy. I've been playing this game for almost two years now and still going strong."
,Recommended,233450,24159158,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,TSRVTC - CC | Dan,Great Gamebut hard to learn the controls9/10
76561198168283621,Recommended,233450,31325767,Posted: 23 April,all,Beckyxx94,"If you like building sim games, this is definitely one to pick up, very easy to design your prison with the planning aspect, and of course all the events and extra challenges really add to the gameplay.Time just seems to pass by so fast when playing this, but I've had may hours of fun!"
,Not Recommended,233450,25888425,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,*Yuki*,"Latest update added telemetry, turned on by default, which isnt described in their EULA"
,Recommended,233450,6729170,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Revival,"Incredibly funny, it's on Alpha state yet so you should expect some changes every month."
,Recommended,233450,17933237,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Kayy,"-Built a new prison with 4 gates leading to the prison area-Hired guards for every area-Prisoners came-Days go by smoothly-Then I see someone walking towards the 3rd gate-It's Steve, a medium security prisoner-He walks straight to 2nd gate smiling at the officers-Officers do nothing-He walks pass the main hallway towards the 1st outdoor gate-Passes through the visitors entering the building-Officers sees Steve-Officers open road gate-Steve escapes10/10 for badass Steve."
,Recommended,233450,12579195,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,pimp,"even though i may not have the biggest amount of time playing this game, two hours in and its one of my favorites. the game may be in early access, but it has so much potential, and never fails."
,Recommended,233450,22877338,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,L-STIPS,When I started playing this game I played 5 hours in one sitting and thought I had only played 30 mins.Very fun management game.Quite a steep learning curve but still very funHighly Recommended
,Recommended,233450,18362232,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,¡× RedFrix ×!  || Sushi Hat :,Early Acces Use to Release DONE RIGHT: The game.
76561198118361984,Recommended,233450,18432303,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Dr. Stroganoff,"Amazing game 11 out of 10, all they need to do is add some things to Escape Mode. AND MULTIPLAYER please i would love to test one of my priosns with my friends in Escape Mode MULTIPLAYER, or i build my prison on one side of the road and my buddy builds his opn the other side."
,Recommended,233450,18438253,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Silent Shade,"For a indie-based architectual game, made by only a small team of about 4-5 people over the past 8 years, this is a very well made simulator/building prison game. well done Introversion."
,Recommended,233450,14150253,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,✩ Shyrr-k '-'. _ ✬,"Normally, an Early-Access game would get a Thumbs Down from me however, this one is different!This game is still in Alpha and has been for about 2 years? Anyway, it feels like a complete title to me, they have done a load of ""Bug Bashes"" removing the annoying issues you'd expect, they've allowed full Workshop modding into the game( Every singleplayer game should in my opinion ) and they've also added awesome features to make the game feel personal to you!Now, Obviously, the graphics aren't amazing and they're not meant to be, they're simplistic and that's nice! the art style is beautiful and most importantly for me, this game supports 1080p. ( maybe higher, I couldn't say! ) ...There's only one thing that's annoying me about this game and I wish was fixed ASAP. When walls are knocked down, the Rubble pile won't go away, you have to click ""Clear indoor area"" and outdoor Rubble won't seem to go away!Oh, one last thing I love, You have different ""Classes?"" of prisoners, Min, Norm, Max, Supermax etc. This is nice as it adds  a bigger challenge to the game!Overall, I'd recommend this to anyone who enjoys logical games and/or building games. You're getting something truely special and this game is another reason why PC gaming is evolving so nicely!"
,Recommended,233450,16545197,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,wany1981,"My friend Roughneck keep posting those interesting picture of this game so i decide to give it a try.GOSH.. I got stuck playing this game for 7 hours straight right after the first get go.It's basic a SIM clone in prison setting. But it goes way beyond SIM/SIM City.For indie..The graphic is quite unique and simple. There character movements are really smooth.The music is a bit too simple for my taste but does give you a good feel of the game.The gameplay is great.Prisoner keeps on coming and you need to house them, Search them, Isolation them, Feed them, Clean them, Medical them, Entertain them and even execute them.You need to pause every once a while to check up on everything to see if you missed anything.So far the best i can do is reaching 50 to 60 prisoner then my game start getting out control and riots everywhere. I will play again try to do better.It's a never-ending sand box so there is really no story involved.The game is still in earlly access and there is no achievements yet so you cannot really brag your progress until it;s implemented.The workshop for this game is really active, i havn't installed anything from the workshop but i do see a lot interesting things.This is not a game to pass up if you are a good architect and Sim/Sim City Lover.8.5/10"
,Recommended,233450,13265114,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Jason Farqiour,Build a prison. Get prisoners. Forget to get guards. Get guards only for them to die. Have fun watching them die. Go to jail.
76561198041548694,Recommended,233450,10728134,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jorah The Explorer,Prison Architect is an extraordinarly addicting game. Each playthrough you learn the do's and don't of how to manage a prison. This jourey is definetly a rewarding process. My first playthrough saw 7 of my first 8 prisoners escape through the multiple staff doors the janitors and builders kept leaving open. I fixed this in my second playthrough but by that time I had taken in too many prisoners and riots ensued. This game definetly has that replayabilty desired in a game; each playthrough I improved with tweaks to the designe of the prison. Prison Architect is definetly a rewarding experience for those with the time to invest.
76561198146899392,Recommended,233450,34516779,Posted: 26 August,all,Sparkz,"- Makes prison- Has 100 medium inmates- Riot starts- 40 people in solitary- looks around for time these people need to be in my prison- sees a guy who's list is so long the game can't show all of his crimes- Crimes he sees are: 20x murders , 10x attempted murder10/10 would want to see such list again"
,Recommended,233450,22366509,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Caledones,"This game is very easy to get into, and surprisingly addictive. I'm not sure how many times I've sold off my current prison to start another because the layout that I had build wasn't ""quite right"". The different objects, rooms and game difficulties mean there are a lot of different options and setups to keep gameplay interesting after your first prison.There's a lot of experimentation to do in terms of how you deal with prisoners, how many staff to have, where to deploy them etc. The game's main sandbox mode allows you to turn off the failure conditions too, so you can even purposely run a terrible prison just to see what happens!I didn't personally get into the escape mode. Not because it's bad, it just didn't really have any appeal for me because it's completely different from the prison building aspect of the game - but it is definitely worth a go.Overall, the game has a lot of depth for what is essentially ""prison tycoon"", and will definitely be one of my ""go-to"" games in the future."
,Recommended,233450,24254993,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,St.Nyess,"I played lots of indie games but this one is the best.This game endless,all you need is creativity.Game also has workshop which has tons of mods.And yes you have purpose like being warden,collecting photos,saving money,getting bigger,protecting your staff,obeying government's rules and bla bla a lot of things like that.This game gives you free,chill game when you have to wait your friend or listening music middle of night open this play ½ or 1 hour save and close.This game won't end because concept is endless but most important is developers are keeping game updated so that doesn't feel you threw your money away don't wait buy this game and support developers...!!! 9/10 !!!"
76561198111822831,Recommended,233450,12410782,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Perfe D. Para,"In the first, i think this game is simply easy and a little bit frustrating. well, i was wrong. This game is REALLY FUN and REALLY FRUSTRATING!!! let me give you a real deal advice: DO PLAY THE TUTORIAL FIRST BEFORE YOU MAKE YOUR OWN PRISON. Because this game is similarly like Grand Age of Rome or Tropico, some buldings are requiring other building, or some buildings are requiring a blue print which this blue print won't uinlocked unless you hire a staff, and the staffs are won't unlocked unless you hire a warden, and a warden isn't working unless you build him an office, and that damn office won't functional unless you put some requiring stuffs!! what the hell, right?!! So i repeat, DO PLAY THE TUTORIAL, BECAUSE I PLAYED FROM 12 PM UNTILL 5 PM JUST TO REBUILD ALL OVER AGAIN, AND FROM 5 PM TO 8 PM JUST TO REDO WHAT I'VE DONE IN 12 PM TO 5 PM LOL. but i REALLY ENJOY PLAYING IT. 9 / 10 untill the final vesion come out."
,Recommended,233450,10238496,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,tieio,"Seriously addictive and exceptionally fun game. It is in very good shape for an early access game. If you like tycoon type games, this one is a must."
76561198063824871,Recommended,233450,8638049,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Roderick ''Blutbad'' Feldrank,"Excellent game ! It is still in Alpha and the game is playable since a long time. First of all, to see a dev team that dedicated to their game is a plus, they regularly release updates, bringing new elements to the game, correcting some bugs but of course creating news bugs ! But it's an alpha ;)In Prison Architect, you start with your piece of land, some workers and a low budget. You'll have to turn this no man's land into a working penitentiary. Working penitentiary ? No, in fact you need to turn it into an industry that makes profit.Little by little, you and your workers will build your prison. At first it is going to be small and empty but over time and with income, your prison will look better. Your choice, an Alcatraz or a luxuary hostel ? As long as there is a way to make money, all choices are good.Once the basic dentention building is made ( kitchen, canteen, cells, showers and staff room,..Etc ) you are now able to welcome your first inmates. What will you choose ? Calm and nice persons who only made a mistake ? Or the evil men making your guards' lives a misery but who bring a nice federal grant ? Your choice and your responsability ! Then it's up to you to improve your prison, making it safe for everyone, impossible to escape and profitable!Prison Architect is already a big game, with its learning curve but once you get the hand of it ( should not take long ) it lets your with your creativity. You can build the prison th way you want it. You can make it looking like a smiling face or like fortress. But they don't always work and may lead to bankruptcy or to a massive riot that your special teams will not be able to stop,ending with all your inmates to escape. More than that, the game still has plenty of room for improvement and new features. Some are lacking but may be implemented one day ( gangs, ...Etc ). There is already enough to do and hours have plenty of great games.About graphics, well not everyone can like this 2D style but I like it. The graphics are simple but well adapted to the genre. It runs quite well if you meet the required specs. Bugs ? Yes there are bugs! It is still in alpha, but the devs need to fix some of them, those that ruin a prison like delivery trucks never stopping to your prison! The pathfinding for your workers also seriously needs to be fixed and/or improved, it is a pain in the neck to see them stuck in the corners of your walls.Other than that, nothing too serious. If you buy it, keep in mind it is an Alpha, everything is subject to changes and tweaks and so far, the game only improved.Building and managing your prison! For the better or ( and ) the worse, it's Prison Architect."
76561197986775314,Recommended,233450,18456803,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Aluminum Elite Master,"It's surprisingly good.In terms of Steam games that I began playing in Early Access, this is one of three (Terraria and Kerbal Space Program being the others) that I would readily rank ahead of numerous triple-AAA titles.So, let's get the main question out of the way immediately: I strongly recommend this game if you're really into the Tycoon/Sim style of game. I'd probably give this about a 7.8/10, to be honest, which is solid for $29.99, but is a steal if you can get it cheaper.Now to the rationale for my decision:---------------------------------------------GOOD :You can play it on a simple level, or on a complex one, and it remains just as fun. If you enjoy sitting and connecting up elaborate electronic doors, CCTV cameras, and making the most efficient-yet-safe use of space as possible while trying to never have an escape or death, you can do so and find it a genuine challenge. Or, alternatively, you can turn failure conditions and events off, use old-school patrol-planning and little else, and even give  yourself unlimited funds.And the prisoners behave in ways where you can act simply, or really think things through. At first blush, it seems so simple as to why a prisoner kills someone. But if you get informants and look at info, you'll notice that murders occur more often for pretty logical reasons: victim is an ex-cop or snitch... murderer has a violent reputation... murderer was dissatisfied with several of their needs (hygiene, nutrition, etc.). You can ignore all this and just beef up security in general and take 30 seconds just to re-route a patrol and add a guard, or you can form a protective-custody cell block that is more isolated and start putting snitches and other prime-targets in there away from the Max-security cons.And you have the logistical tools to actually do all this... you can set individual schedules for each security-level, lay down specific patrol routes, assign certain blocks to be used only by certain groups of prisoners, and hire staff that conduct reform programs.It's a lot of fun, and you can pick how you want to play. And in the mean time, you can go around clicking on prisoners to see what ridiculous things they did to end up in prison. Great fun.-----------------------------------------------BAD :There *are* issues, however.My main gripe is that too many toys are locked behind tech unlocks. Which at first sounds like SimCity, another game where the neat special buildings have to be unlocked and even then you have to wait a painful amount of time to build them (here, too, money comes in pretty slowly). But here the issue is worse, because I feel like really, *really* basic things are too expensive simply to unlock:Why do I need to unlock being able to assign patrol routes?Why do I need to unlock being able to take out a loan? (though grants do exist for building specific things)Why do I need to unlock janitors and gardeners?And as far as I know, even if I play with unlimited funds, I *still* have to manually unlock these things, which don't just unlock with the push of a button but take time. And, similarly, there's no option for insta-build... if I play with no failure conditions and unlimited funds, why not also allow me to build things instantly rather than having to hire 50 workers and wait for my mega-prison to be built over the course of real-life hours, hours that are added on to whatever time it took to actually lay out everything for them to build?These are fairly minor issues in my opinion, and the Steam Workshop is a great place to go for some pre-built prisons, but doing that takes some of the fun out of building it yourself. Yet when building huge prisons, building it yourself takes you a while to give all the build orders, and then even longer to actually see the place be built. Which is fine when going for realism, but when I want a sandbox mode experience, it slows things up.Really, this game needs a full-out sandbox mode where I can build instantly, rather than just a couple of options that sort of approximate a sand-box mode.Again, not nearly a big enough issue to really hamper the fun for long, but does make it hard to experiment with designs numerous times unless you stay a bit smaller in scale.---------------------------------AND THE UGLY:Tooltips and info are really, really sparse for this game. The info is all there, really, but sometimes it's in a place where you might not think to look, or is so briefly covered that a bit of clarification would have been helpful.Right away, you assign reform programs, but it says no time is scheduled for them. But it doesn't say *why*. So you have to go to the scheduler (under Regieme) and hover over 'Work' to find out that reform programs don't have their own slot but occur during 'Work' time for anyone who isn't working. Which is already obscure, but what's worse is that you don't have an intuitive need for 'Work' time until you unlock 'Prison Labor'... so you might have already removed the default 'Work' time slot prior to deciding your unruly cons need some reform programs. It's a mess, and one that could easily be avoided if it said on the 'Programs' screen that your reform programs aren't scheduled because there is no 'Work' time slot (rather than just saying there's no time scheduled for them).And similar issues, though not always to this scale, exist elsewhere. When a room needs furniture to function, the game tells you exactly what you need... but when the room fails to function because an escape tunnel entrance is in it (mostly in cells), it doesn't tell you this. Which is an issue because the tunnels can sometimes be partially underneath some other sprite in the game, usually a bit of debris a work left in the cell after not throwing out the dummy left in the bed,It's an issue that goes away once you play a bit and learn the ropes, but it's an unnecessary learning curve that could be removed by including just a little more info here and there.The other 'ugly' issue is that a few sprites are unclear as to what is forward and what is backward. TVs, Radios, and garbage bins look surprisingly the same whether looking at back or front. This isn't a graphics issue so much as it is a design issue... the TV screen looks like the TV's back CRT area. Just make the screen blue and white and keep the back part black. It's not an issue for too many objects,  but there are a few where just a slight change of color would distinguish the back from the front.---------------------------------------OVERALL:It's part SimCity, part 'Tycoon', and part 'The Sims Go To Prison'. If you want your convict-sims to be able to kill each other daily, you can make it happen, and if you want a genuine challenge to keep them healthy and alive, you can make that happen, too.If you're into any of the three games mentioned above, I'd recommend this."
76561198052233019,Recommended,233450,23246185,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Clown Baby,Pretty fun. Escape mode needs to be more in depth though.
,Recommended,233450,8129241,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Blank,I personallly like this game. A lot to do and I don't see anything of its kind anywhere else. I've had a lot of fun with it anc could sink a lot more when i want to.
76561198160177634,Recommended,233450,27981242,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,dislexic kitten,"this game is addictive , in the best way possibe"
,Recommended,233450,26562319,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Hiroga Katageri,"Very fun simulator.Create lots of prisons.Experiment with the prisoners by testing their patience.Create riots.Send in the dogs, police, and firemen."
,Recommended,233450,9830059,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,I Forgot My Videos Inc.,"fun game, but can unlock everything in a few hours. needs more stuff."
,Recommended,233450,13171599,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,viRo369,"I found a spoon in an inmates cell; called SWAT and guess what, they killed half the prison. 10/10"
76561198219909785,Recommended,233450,26155116,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Iwannadye,"Listen, I LOVE this game, but theres one small issue.no.more.updates.(Goes to a corner and kills himself)"
,Recommended,233450,10629298,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Raven,"I wasn't sure about this game, since it was in Early Access, but I took a chance. And I lucked out, this is actually a really enjoyable game (kinda feels dirty saying that about a prison sim but it's true), with a lot of depth to it. I played for four hours and I barely scratched the surface so far.The one ""con"" if it can be looked at as that: certain aspects of gameplay aren't exactly intuitive or obvious. You might fumble around in the attempt to do certain things, until you finally get it ""right"". There are wikis and such online however, so nothing is impossible to accomplish between trial and error and outside sources. But the tutorial in my opinion is far too short and I'm hoping it will be expanded to explain certain things better (in my case, I was stumped by how to plan out the power lines/plumbing pipleines).Still though, even at this point in the game's development, I wouldn't call it a frustrating game. Instead I'd classify it as challenging at times, but a lot of fun regardless. Overall, I'd highly recommend it. It's one of the most unique sims I've ever played, and definitely more than worth the $10 I spent on it already."
,Recommended,233450,25287857,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Royal Guard,"A very creative, very easy to control and very very entertaining game. Just don't think! Give it a try.I feel like a real architect when I play this game. When you start playing, you can't stop."
,Recommended,233450,31415406,Posted: 28 April,all,Jamesvickery,"Very fun, but does get boring after you've tried everything"
,Recommended,233450,12419066,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Frogletts,"This is a fun game, especially when you have good intentions to run a great prison, but then some prisoners have to mess things up. I bet they didn""t know what they where in for by messing with me. They disrespected MY prison, I kindly shut down the power and water and locked it down until half of them had died, and the remaining decided to riot. The riot ended quickly though, especially when the government stepped in and took my prison away from me, and killed the prisoners that were involved in the riot. Would I reccomend this game? YES! That is the point of this review!"
,Recommended,233450,13992547,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Archy Senpai [RTOZ],"An absolute gem of a construction/simulation game! Even if it's in Early Access, I would say it's better than some games which have been full released, though this of course, is very subjective. Still though, the concept is incredibly fun and amusing, even though... you're constructing a prison for some hardened prisoners? Particularly in Early Access, you can also come across some bugs, but that's fine, Introversion is doing a great job working on the game, and ironing out these bugs while also adding more new features.The game has a bit of a learning curve, with only a very brief introduction before throwing you into the deep end. Why doesn't this or that work? But that's fine, you can only learn from your mistakes after all. Your prisoners have escaped because you locked your doors open? You forgot to build a perimeter wall? Your kitchen is too small to feed your prisoners? Well, you've learnt from your first mistake, your next prison will be much better! It's incredible just how quickly time slips by when you're building your own prison.The sandbox nature of the game is incredible. Even at this early stage, you are given many options with which to construct and expand your prison. Do you allow or deny your prisoners comfort? Don't worry though, their cells must be indoors and have a bed and a toilet... But the possibilities are virtually endless. You can give cells bookshelves, or windows. You can make paths between different rooms and buildings of your prison. There are a huge number of different rooms and objects you can place to improve your prison, which only makes the game much more fun and interesting.But that's not all! You manage your prison as you construct it, hiring staff (most importantly, builders to you know, build your prison), keeping your prisoners contained and reasonably happy, and completing your To-Do List. It can take a bit of work to figure out what you're doing wrong and what is going right, but the path is always an enjoyable one. Something that is only made better by the Steam Workshop support, offering incredible replayability with mods if you so choose - not that you really need to in order to sink many, many hours into this beauty."
,Recommended,233450,18621787,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Jorky,"Absolutely amazing experience, everything and more that the trailer shows, great, innovative mechanics, including your own facilities, Power water, etc. The game was also improved GREATLY with their own wire system, which allows you to have certain doors unlocked at certain times of the day, I deffinietly reccomend this game"
,Recommended,233450,5370160,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,Freedom,9/10 - Even in alpha it is still highly addictive.
,Recommended,233450,15315283,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Jimmy,"Penitentiary ProblemsPrisons, an imperfect solution to an imperfect problem.You know it costs an average of £40,000 per year to keep a convict imprisoned in the UK, that's double the average national salary.With regards to financially motivated crime, it’s ironic to think that the offender probably wouldn’t have committed a crime for financial gain if they’d had the money it costs the tax payer to imprison them in the first place.Subsidised HonestyBut what’s the alternative; pay the potential offenders to encourage them not to commit a crime? Whilst I’m sure that would be incredibly popular with the criminal types, even I can see that it’s an insane idea.Then there are crimes of passion, insanity and cruelty to be taken into account, but what is the cost effective solution?There’s always the option of the death penalty, that would help keep the costs down but it is a little on the permanent side, although with regards to re-offenders, the record excellent!Designer Pen... itentiaryWhether the prisoner is going to be walking “The Green Mile” or not, they’re still going to need somewhere to stay whilst they’re in custody, not to mention facilities, food etc. Then there’s the man power required to keep the infrastructure ticking over.Someone’s got to cook the food, keep the facilities running and most importantly, make sure that the prisoners behave themselves and don’t do anything inconvenient like escape.When you think about it, there’s a lot of resource management involved.Before you even open the doors to the wrong do'ers, you need to worry about the design and construction of the prison itself with its own costs and complications.Play Pen...  itentiaryWith the design aspects, people management and juggling of resources, it’s a concept that would make a pretty interesting game and that’s where Prison Architect an early access title in development by Introversion Software comes in.Clean SlateIt seems that the adage “Build it and they will come” doesn’t just apply to baseball fields but prisons too.You’ll start the game with a patch of land and a bus load of prisoners already on their way to check in.It’s time to get building.Fixtures and FittingsThe first thing you’ll need to do is recruit a prison governor, who’s going to need an office, so you’re going to need to design and build that. He’ll probably want some luxuries like a desk and chair in his office too, maybe even a window and a filing cabinet, but all these things cost money.You should probably have a few prison guards to keep the convicts in line when they arrive.The guards are going to expect a staff room to relax in; somewhere they can sit and eat their sandwiches whilst watching re-runs of prison break, so you can add some chairs and a TV to the shopping list too.The TV isn’t going to work without electricity so a generator is a must, then you’ll need to lay down power cables and maybe running water isn’t just a luxury either, time to call the plumbers.OversiteSo your plot of land has now turned into a construction site, the prison bus is nearly here and we’re missing something vitally important. A place to put the prisoners!All in it TogetherYou almost certainly don’t have the time or the resources left to build a wing of prison cells; hopefully a large holding cell will do for now, all the prisoners will just have to be squashed into the one communal room when they get here.Perhaps we’ll spoil them and throw in a bench or two for them to sit on and a toilet for them to...  err... sit on too.Another Brick in the WallYou might want to place some prison walls whilst you’re at it, just in case one of your guests decides to make a break for it.It seems the honour system doesn’t work that well with regards to prisoners trying to escape.Fresh MeatSo the prison bus has pulled up outside and your newly employed prison guard is leading the “fresh meat” to the holding cell, but there’s no rest for the wicked.You’re going to need showers, a kitchen, an exercise area, a cook for the kitchen, etc. and some corridors and security doors to join it all up.Family & FriendsThere will be another bus load of prisoners along soon enough and now you’ve got your first batch of orange jump suited guests, you’re going to get family members wanting to visit them.It’s best they don’t see their loved ones all crowded around the one communal toilet in the holding cell, so it’s time to think about getting the contractors back on site to construct a visitors building too.I Predict a RiotThere is always something to think about in Prison Architect, something new will always need building, improving or changing.You’ll need to employ and manage staff, from physiatrists through to janitors.You’ll need to build a host of different room types, along with connecting hallways, you’ll also need to think about where you want security doors and cell doors positioned, because sooner or later there will be an escape attempt.If conditions in your prison deteriorate too much your inmates will riot, if they capture or kill one of your prison guards, they could well steal his keys, giving them access to unexpected places and likely lead to the death of more staff, still there’s always the national guard to help restore order.The View from the TopThe top down graphics are crisp and the tubby little characters that waddle around the prison in orange jump suits are cute, the simple art style on show here is surprisingly endearing and certainly helps alleviate what could be quite an oppressive atmosphere, I guess orange really is the new black.Busy HandsI stated earlier that there’s always something to think about whilst playing the game and this is true, but after you’ve been playing for long enough, things will start to feel repetitive. Build more cells, hire more guards etc.It can all start to feel a little samey in the late game when you’re prison is fully built and the only challenge left is to trying to squash a relentless influx of convicts into your increasingly overcrowded prison.It’s also important to keep in mind that at the time of writing Prison Architect is an early access game.Having said that, it’s been in early access for a while now and most of the bugs have already been ironed out. It feels like a pretty complete title and one which I’ve enjoyed serving time with.Voyeuristic Micromanager Wanted!Despite still being in early access, Prison Architect is a perfectly playable, absorbing and rewarding simulation, whether you’re the creative type looking to design your own penitentiary perfection, a voyeur looking to watch little fat inmates waddle around prison or just want to wrap yourself up in a blanket of micromanagement, you’re going to find something to enjoy in Prison Architect.A crime is committed every 5 seconds in England, another prison bus is on its way...For the full review and others please take the time to visithttp://www.review-well.com/"
76561198154078588,Recommended,233450,13537921,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,YA BOY STARLIN,"Nothing more fun then just locking 100 prisoners and 50 guards in one holding cell and waiting for the riot lol!Awsome game,heaps of fun."
76561198117287352,Recommended,233450,29508492,Posted: 26 January,all,SLC,"A lot of games in the (city) building genre tend to all have a similar theme - while Cities:Skylines and Planetbase are fundamentally different in terms of gameplay they still offer very similar objectives - building a systainable city/colony where everything works.I know Planetbase is not the best example for this, it does convey my point tho.Here is where Prison Architect enters the field: It offers a completely new take on building something. Rather than managing big-scale cities and traffic you manage a Prison with all it's contents - cells, cell quality, laundry, cleaning, health.The game starts small, as many others, but you can rapidly expand and create huge Prisons.It is one of those games where you inevetably need to take multiple tries before finally getting it right as you usually run into problems. It is entirely possible to build a decent prison first try, but to get it running better you will need more tries and experience.The game has a great pacing, you can begin expansion shortly after getting your first prisoner intake, but at the same time too rapid expansion is effectively limited by staff count and money.Overall I can recommend this game as it is good fun and really enjoyable because it offers a unique concept and implementation."
,Recommended,233450,24402199,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,The Mudpit,"Buy it, go on. This game delivers everything it promises, and then gives you more. Pack a lunch, say goodbye to your loved ones, and get playing. See you in a week or so..."
76561197973080662,Recommended,233450,12697049,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Stenk,"I used to be a big fan of management games such as Theme Park/Hospital, Startopia, Capitalism, Transport Tycoon, RollercoasterTycoon and so on. Back to those days i really wanted 2 types of those: a school management and a prison management game. Introversion Software realized some kind of childhood dream here, just thank you for daring to cover this harsh topic!Prison Architect is a 2D prisoner management game. You'll be asked to give each wave of prisoners a place to sleep, to eat, to wash and eventually to learn as well as ensuring the atmosphere is safe enough for them to go out of there in 1 piece. There is always something to do in Prison Architect due to the pressure of the constant wave of prisoners coming. This brings good dynamics to the game.Each prisoner has its own personnality, a good warden will quickly split those petty thieves and those murderers into different level of security within your prison. Treat any of them bad, and they'll soon riot. Give them a place to receive education and visits from their families, soon your prison will be famous for putting criminals back on the right track.Most of the time in Prison Architect, you're buidling. New rooms, electricity, water, fences, the content is big concerning the building part. The gameplay diversifies when it comes to drug enforcement, establish a security strategy, tunnel digging counter measures... I really like the way  it densifies the game. You also need to research to get new features and get extra cash from grants when you achieve certain goals.It's deep and well done. Graphics are unique, check the video above and you'll immediately understand. No technical problems are restraining you from playing the game except for the biggest prisons, but it's no big deal..At the moment of this review (10/2014) the game is still early access. The team is working hard and keeps communicating with the community. I didnt want to play the early access not to waste the experience but at the moment the content is so important that you can really have fun with the game.I strongly recommend you to play Prison Architect!"
,Recommended,233450,30214945,Posted: 26 February,all,Not Robert Lawlers,I got a bunch of dudes to beat each other...
76561198124349528,Recommended,233450,12492802,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,SageSandwraith,what can you say about prison architect that hasn't already been said it's a fun game if you want to waste a couple hours and see how far you can go before prisoners start revoulting or if you like tycoon type games than this game is for you.
76561197989966807,Not Recommended,233450,25180029,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Bot Roh,"I really want to like Prison Architect, it's the sort of game i usually enjoy.That said it just feels like the scope is too narrow, there are obvious, efficient ways to build a prison and the whole thing feels more like a puzzle game than a simulation game as a result. The starting setup is constantly the same as you work out what the game will and won't let you get away with the starting capital. The room system plays back into this as even though you can make rooms larger than strictly necessary your budget rarely allows for this as the number of inmates continues to grow. The result isn't really your own creation but a bland concrete set of rooms of minimum size often back to back so as to minimise patrol spaces and lighting. Unlike Dwarf Fortress, Simcity or other building games it doesn't feel to me like you're building to your vision of a prison but rather the hyper complex and efficient warren the developers intend you to build towards."
,Recommended,233450,28026327,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BluFalcon,step 1. get 500 prisonersstep 2. lock 500 prisoners in one huge room with 100 beds and 2 toiletsstep 3. post 5 gaurds with shotguns outside doorstep 4. ?step 5. profit
76561197990817172,Recommended,233450,15315430,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Uncle Cinnamon DeRaisin,> Purposely fails well established prison> Imprisoned in my own prison> Instantly shot point blank by Armed Guardbest warden ever
76561198010339747,Not Recommended,233450,22892934,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Beer Drinking Burke,"Where do I get off not recommending a game I've played for 240 hours... ??To be clear, there's plenty to like about Prison Architect. It's rated ""Very Positive"" for a reason, so obviously you won't be throwing your money away if you purchase it.So my cavaet here is, if, like -me-, you want a real challenge, you want to have to work hard with your design in order to prevent prisoners escaping, then prison architect isn't really what you are looking for. It's a good simulation, but not really a game in that sense.The initial concept was super exciting. I got in on early access and started playing, and looked forward to fresh updates each month. I'd try out different base designs, figure out the mechanics, and then do it again when it was updated.But over time I started to notice a pattern. The basic framework already in place, most updates involved ""features"", like new room types, that fleshed out what you could do. But I never felt that the game became much more challenging from then on.I was waiting for staff to be given personalities, like sim hospital. Maybe some of them secretly being corrupt and passing on keys and supplies. I was hoping that prisoners would work together in forming their escape plans, maybe one group making a distraction while another made a break for it. I was hoping that we would get an AI which could analyze the points of entry and exit, figure out what weakenesses existed, and try and exploit those if at all possible.Thats a tricky thing to do maybe. And to be clear, what the game -does- do, it does pretty darn well. But it's not ultimately what I was hoping for, so it has left me disappointed.--------------------------------------------------------------UPDATE:As of March 2017 the game had been updated a bit since when I first wrote this review, so I thought I would jump back in and see if I could now recommend it. I played with a new prison for a few hours to see if my original issues with the game still held.Unfortunately it was much as I expected. While there are a bunch of nice new features, the core of the game remains an unchallenging sandbox where it is almost impossible to reach any kind of fail state.Seeking a challenge, I tried the following setup and house rules.1. Small map. No trees for selling.2. No grants. No workshops. The only money I would have is what I started with, and what I would be paid for looking after prisoners.3. Permanent intake. As per intial settings, that means mostly medium sec, a few min sec. Inevitably you end up with a few people reclassed as max sec after they turn out to be crazed murders. So basically a nice mixture. 10-16 or so per day.I hoped that at least with these conditions, I could force myself into enough of a challenge that my puzzle solving brain could have some fun. At the very least, when it all went down in flames it would be fun to watch....Well, that was the idea. 18 days in, I've hit a population of nearly 200, and have a daily income of 11 thousand. Then I also have an extra 5-8k per day bonus when the next batch of prisoners come. It looks likely I could easily continue on in this fashion indefinitely, so I quit in disappointment. No challenge here, even using harsh house rules.What happened? Basically, I kept the prisoners indefinitely in holding cells. You stuff a few dozen bunk beds in a single room, add some toilets and showers, and voila, you can stuff a hundred prisoners in there, no problem. As the prisoners can sleep when tired in their free time, it doesn't really matter even if you are hot-seating them. The prisoner to bed ratio was maybe 4 to 1. The shower and toilet ratios far worse. Without the need to build cells for your prisoners, you really don't have much in the way of expenses. You just hire a new guard every day, a new cook ever other day, and here and there build extra beds and stoves. Now and then you make a new room to house more people, or you expand on the canteen. It was mind numbingly simple.Through it all I never had a single real riot. Snitchers were getting killed at a rate of one per day or so, but that had no real negative repercussions, so I didn't mind.Two things were very clear.1. The game remains easy to exploit. And without even trying very hard. Prisoners simply shouldn't accept me keeping them in holding cells indefinitely without getting very angry. However they just don't care. This means the game is fundamentally broken, as it makes many other features redundant. Cells? Not needed. Hence money, abundant. And workshops? Also not needed at all. Grants? Unnecessary.2. Most other game features are also entirely unnecessary as far as keeping your prison going is concerned. Prisoners didn't care that I give them pretty much nothing in terms of services/education/family acces etc. etc. etc. You just put them in a box, give them food, beds, some clothing, heat, etc. and thats it. The only reason to have half of the features of the game (libraries, stores, classrooms, etc. etc. etc.) is for the heck of it. Because you want a better score etc.So, my original problem with Prison Architect remains. It's fine as a sandbox to mess around in, I guess. But it isn't much of a game. You can't really lose unless you massively screw things up, and over half the features aren't technically necessary. By comparison, you can't finish a map in Theme Hospital without carefully and judiciously using all the rooms avaliable to you. You have to be clever to win at Theme Hospital. Prison Architect is maybe more like keeping some gerbils, and giving them some wheels to run in, and little plastic houses, and other fun little decorations for your own amusement. That's fine I guess, but it's not a game.Losing is fun, as they say at Bay12. But the opposite is also true."
76561198078734785,Not Recommended,233450,32656239,Posted: 22 June,all,.mR| john2stronk,"I came on here to wrote up a good review, talk about the hours spent micro managing gard details, trying to build the most space efficient yet a esthetically pleasing prisons.BUT... I and it seems a lot of the fellow community are disappointed, nay disheartened by the lack of DLC for the Pc. The platform that supported you from the beginning and helped with the beta and some even the alpha.To put it another way... ""why you dogging the boys?"""
76561198044421750,Not Recommended,233450,25852403,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,vampseph,"They abandoned the game way too soon. It still needs tons of updates. Otherwise, it's a fun game to play."
,Recommended,233450,24286862,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Smollik,"what a game!! well this game in  a 3d model  ... jesus christ  my dream, nice gameplay, have a few bugs but in overall is just amazing"
,Recommended,233450,11864924,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Timmy,If you enjoy playing simulation games then this is the game for you! Spend hours designing and running a prison. I fully recommend this great game.
76561198124139802,Recommended,233450,10375298,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,KiteeCat,"Addictive prison builder with a quirky twist. Game is in Alpha so there are bugs, but updates are released regularly, and game keeps getting better and better. Definitely recommend if you love sim building games.Edited: As of release 22 (27/06/14) major bugs have been fixed!"
,Recommended,233450,20252655,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,✩тнє ωιи∂™,">During tutorial, send firemen into the fire, see firemen died.>Then send everyone into the flames and see them died.Pros:+ Challenging+ Riots, Gangs, Informants+ Different Types of Security for Prisoners+ Able to choose the Quality of Food+ Can Play in Escape Mode+ Able to upload Own Prisons and Download Others' PrisonsCons:- Long Tutorial (However helpful for New Players)- Mostly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Doctors (Not helping even when they are mostly free)Overall:Great game for anyone who's into strategy, planning or architecture sort of games.Rate:9/10"
,Recommended,233450,18359506,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Seniac Gaming,Awesome game followed since early alpha and loved every secon a must buy!
76561197993332040,Recommended,233450,17702014,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,MadBrek,"I love this game. It wasn't easy to learn. But once I did, I pored hours into it."
76561198006542005,Recommended,233450,32683710,Posted: 23 June,all,Jazzdog,Best simulation/manager-game out there! Love to Mark and chris
,Recommended,233450,12260175,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Herr Gamer,"If you always wanted to command people around and randomly punish them, by that start a Riot and get killed - This is the game for you!Seriously though, it's great and gets an update with an entertaining video to it every motnh on their YouTube channel too - At least as long as it's in Early Access.So, if you're in doubt if you should buy this game - do it! In my opinion it's already a full game, which you could release like this right now, without a doubt."
76561197989327715,Recommended,233450,23288007,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Langeveldt,"Superb, early access done right.  Don't be fooled by the cute graphics, underneath lies a sublime simulation of life in incarceration.  Deal with varying levels of prisoner, appease stakeholders, and watch the temperatures rise and the shankings begin."
76561198119325349,Recommended,233450,18361984,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Gam3G33k,"Well, Prison Architect is finally released. I've been with prison architect for a while now and let me say. They haven't let me down. The game used to be really bugyy, filled with little loopholes, AI problems, or simply backed up supply coming in. The core game was always there. For that I stuck with the game. I'll give you a little bit of a summary (?) on the game in general.Gameplay: As you can clearly see, I've played this game a LOT. Built tons of prisons, messed around with prisoners, built a sandbox prison. I did almost everything. Thing is, I'm still into it. This game is BIG on replayabilty. Honestly I think I've built near identical prisons and they never end the same. The game has been lately centered on randomness of the AI. You used to be able to run the game overnight and nothing would happen. The game has now made it that you will have to pay attention to everything that happens in the game. Riots, drug overdoses, escaping prisoners, angry prisoners, tired guards, you name it.Mechanics: The game has quite a few interesting mechanics on it. One being that prisoners actually work togethor on trying to escape, or they will constantly try to get contraband. You can choose to let the prisoners sit in thier cells and have the guards deliver food to them or you can let them run around in the yard and potentially get their ""goods"" from the fences. Good food, high costs? Small cells or big cells? Armed guards or normal guards? Lockdown or solitary? The game has a lot of choices for you to make for the prison, and a lot of them have a long lasting effect on your game.Asthetics: The game is very pleasing to the eye to view, eveyrthing is smooth, and they have worked on getting the graphics to work with each other. The prisoners and guards are different from each other; making them not a stereotypical guard or prisoner. Overall I would say that if you are for some reason worried about the graphics/asthetics or whatever you want to call them; you shouldn't have a problem wiht it.Humor?: Yes, I won't say too much, but once you see some of the prisoner's stories you will get a good number of laughs.Realism?: I would say this is a pretty accurate simulation of a prison. Prisoners have basic needs, as well as some extra ones like religion or drugs. Metal detectors detect metal tools and not medicine (duh) while dogs will help you with the actual drugs.Community: The community is a very funny one, and is overall accepting. No infamous sour community calling you a newb or anything. Most people offer their ideas of a ""perfect"" prison, and are usually open to give help or get tips.Sounds: Well, I would say that the sound effects of the game are pretty accurate when you get near a partifcular room. (Eg. Near a cafeteria you hear eating or silverware when near a prisoner working out you hear him working out) I would say they payed attention to detail but I wouldn't honestly expect stunningly amazing music.True Sandbox: Definetly is a true sandbox, variety of starting options as well as giving you unlimited funds.Too Easy? Too Hard?: This one game honestly lets you modify your difficulty. If you want difficult you tell yourself only max prisoners and conditions of losing. New to the game? Take in small amounts of prisoners that are maybe minimum and turn of conditions. It is really up to you how hard you want to make it. If lets say you do ""medium"" difficulty then you might find that its more difficult if you messed things up early on or are new to it. It may be easy if you are a pro at sandbox games. I would say if its too easy or too hard its probably you and not the game.Last comments: Thank you all for reading this review I know it was a lot to take in. I would strongly suggest that you buy this game. The devolpers have worked so hard on this game, they've created hundreds of hours of joy for people and have realeased updates pretty regularily.Rating: 10/10 I will definetly suggest this to someone else and look into their other games."
,Recommended,233450,18362552,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,.:RG:.Bulldog,"I once had a prisoner stab a man with his shank in the shower. Don't know how it got in there but whatever, later I put him in Supermax and executed him because no man should ever be murdered in the comfort of a warm and bubbly shower. (and because I was testing the feature)On a more serious note, I think I entered the alpha in Alpha 2 or 3 and from here, its progressed on a lot. Prison Architect is a fun cartoonish style management sim but with a twist. Every riot, murder, assualt, escape attempt, and execution brings you a step closer to building a more perfect prison. Yes, it's just only been released but its background has come a long way and the developers are very engaging with the community which really can't be found in the Gaming design industry. I applaud Introversion for their hardwork and dedication to bring about such a great prison sim.God it sounds terrible talking about a Prison simulator, but deep down, we all want to lock someone up lol."
76561198092300988,Recommended,233450,15745807,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Ajvenhoe,"One of the best games i have ever played! I have played over 100 hours of this game only because it is so unbelievably good. And it is also updating every month with new cool stuff.My prisons have changed a lot. When I was playing in the beginning, everything I mean literally everything was hard but after an hour or two I understood the basic content of the game! After that I just played hour after hour."
,Recommended,233450,25735844,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,sPHe0niX,"Really hard to stop playing until you pull yourself away, then it's oddly equally hard to start playing again.Unfortunately it won't see any further significant updates according to the devs, mods may entice my interest again."
76561198070591732,Recommended,233450,16649455,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,CIMMA,"This game is fantasticFor 18 hours I played this game loving every minute.I would build my prison to the best of my ability and house as many prisoners as the game would throw at me.It would get to a point where I was unable to provide any more services for my yard birds and they would begin rioting turning my prison into a bloody spectacle worthy of awesome screenshots.I just figured: ""Well, that's why it's early access right now.  The rest of these features must be coming in later updates and then this game will be totally awesome!""What's that?These other features can be easily accessed through research in the bureaucracy menu?Are you flipping serious?!?!Looks like someone's going to be up late tonight!10/10  Would skip tutorial again."
,Recommended,233450,9178628,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Hinata Hyūga 日向ヒナタ,Its worth the money i would recomend it to anyone i would buy it as a gift for any one tones of fun and its fun to watch them be not happy  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198256388921,Recommended,233450,19130490,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,飛雪,"This game allows you to build a prison in any form or shape you want and then house the criminal elements of the state for the duration of their sentence. You can be strict and keep your inmates on a short leash. Constantly watching their every move and disturbing their nightly sleep with shakedowns and routine searches. Alternatively you can create a prison where it isn't actually all that bad to spend the next eight years. A place where inmates may work or go to school. A prison where your prisoners get good meals and loads of free time. The choice is yours.Your goal in the game of course is to earn money through your intake of new prisoners to make room for even more prisoners. You need to avoid the 'avoidable' deaths and preferably avoid anyone escaping your prison before their time has been served. Eventually though you probably feel that you have a pretty lean prison with no easy way out and this is when you test out your prison in the escape mode.Once you get into the shoes of an inmate, having to navigate the prison halls that you built, you suddenly get a feeling of how secure your prison actually is.I found that my first prison, one that I was extremely proud of until this point, was far from secure and I could basically trick myself out through the front door and then just make a run for it. I made some tweaks but in the end I decided to start over. My second prison was created with my own escape attempt in mind and I tried to prevent all the things that I had managed to do when I escaped from the last one. I still haven't managed to get out... I do excuse myself with the fact that I have to do it without a mouse though :SSeriously a great game!! And it runs on a MacBook Air of all things!"
,Recommended,233450,9575150,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,RageFu,"You will like this game if you liked games such as Roller Coaster Tycoon, Theme Park Tycoon and this kind of games. Still, a good elaborate prison game! Remember, it's and Early Acess game!"
,Recommended,233450,18902265,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Sir Fish,"After spending many hours building a prison, I decided to take a test run as a prisoner and see what damage I could do. This was the result:Have you ever been trapped in an insane asylum, surronded by brutal savages waiting to rip your throat out at any given moment? The only thing protecting you is a small green door that could easily be broken down in a matter of seconds?This is the case of Officer BlackLady (BL for short).The prison was running smoothly on a fine sunday afternoon, all was calm. The prisoners had just gotten off of their three hour work period and were going on a break for lunch. BL and the other staff members chit chat in the cafeteria, but BL steps out to use the ladies room. In the cafeteria, all the prisoners line up to get their daily slop. The newest inmate (lets call him Brick), sits down to eat his meal. He goes to reach for the salt, but as he goes to pour, the lid pops off and all the salt pours onto his meal, ruining it.""Who the ♥♥♥♥ did this...""Brick's salt levels reached an all time high, never before had anyone seem this form of salt. He leaned over to a snickering inmate, and ripped him in half. His blood spilled onto the ground as the other inmates look on in terror. One of the guards attempts to subdue him, only to be pummeled to the ground.This display started the unforgettable riot.The entire cafeteria exploded into a hellish war zone of flying fists and meat chunks. The guards were all blitzed and had all their weapons taken. Some were brutally beaten into an unconcious state, while others had their heads dipped into the boiling pots of water. They prisoners exploded out of the cafeteria in a hellish manner, inciting others to join the riot. Within minutes the entire prison was being overrun by prisoners with tons of illegal contraband either stolen in the raid or hidden from earlier points.On her way back to the cafeteria, BL saw the riot, and quickly took shelter in the infirmary. There, she saw all the patients assaulting the doctors who were working, some being stabbed in the neck with syringes and others being gutted by scalpals and knives. One young doctor (lets call her Cherry), was being cornered by one especially unruly inmate. BL jostled him down, grabbing Cherry and rushing her into the morgue for safety. They locked the doors behind them, turned off the lights, and hid in a corner, hoping nobody would see them.The riot went on for what seemed like hours, hundereds of guards were murdered, multiple prisoners escaped, even the cooks and janitors were gutted and hung out to dry in the yard. BL and Cherry were the only two survivors in the onslaught. After the noise calmed down, BL looked out of the window to see the horrid landscape. Bodies laid in the yard. Prisoners and Guards alike. Other prisoners simply walked over their bodies, carrying weapons and looking for any survivors.BL knew that some of the more insane prisoners would stay behind, waiting for backup to arrive, just to claim more lives and shed more blood. These were the sick and the deranged, the ones locked up in the basement always forgotten about.She gave Cherry her gun, told her to use the emergency phone to call for help if she didn't return, grabbed her baton and stun gun, and exited the morgue, locking the door behind her. She carefully snuck around the prison looking for anyway for her to safely get Cherry out of the prison. As she turned the corner to the cafeteria, she was ambushed from behind. As she fell to the floor, she whipped out her tazer and electrocuted the man on top of her. Pushing him off she made a dash for the exit, hoping to find someway to save Cherry afterwards. As she turned each corner, she could hear the roars increasing behind her of prisoners out for blood. She bolted out the front doors and headed for the hole in the fence to freedom. With each step she heard them closing in. 20 meters. 10. 5. ""Almost there"" - she said to herself. Only three yards from the hole, she was tackled to the ground. She tried to fight off the inmate, but was quickly surronded. It was no use, she was dead. The prisoners began their assault, kicking and punching her. The life was about to leave her body when she heard the gun fire. A prioner dropped dead at her side. The back up SWAT team finally arrived, and swiftly shot down all the prisoners. They grabbed BL and brought her into the back of their van. She told them about Cherry, before finally falling unconcious.When she awoke, she was in the hospital, Cherry sitting at her side. On the TV she saw that the prison had finally been secured once more, but the body count was in the thousands. BL looked over to Cherry and smiled. That was when the knife had entered her gut. She looked down to see the blood, and looked back up at Cherry. That was when she remembred, the hospital had a psych ward attatched to the infirmary. Cherry was no doctor, she was an insane inmate looking for a way out. And now that BL was dead, there would be no loose ends.Cherry walked out of the hospital, bloody knife in hand, and walked off into the sunset.Prison Architect 8.5/10Would ruin my own prison again."
,Recommended,233450,19641478,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Savage Hero,"So i get my prison up and running i think ""ill get somthing to eat and come back"" 5 minutes later got my ham samich the prison kitchen cought fire and everyone is rioting cus there hungry how ironic ign 10/10 would get anouther samich"
,Recommended,233450,16370837,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Stealthoneill,"You have installed a new metal detector at the exit of the cafeteria to curb the theft of cutlery, inmates are irate at the unnecessary search this yields and just as their anger hits boiling point all of your guards have decided it’s time to take a break or patrol some far flung region of your prison. If managing the incessant needs of digital prisoners sounds like your idea of a fun evening then Prison Architect may have you covered.Prison Architect, from developer Introversion Software, is in early access on Steam and is looking to bring a new edge to the management-sim genre. Now, before we start you are going to have to realise something pretty quickly: The first prison you build is going to be a horrible mess. A horrible, bloody, mess. While I thought I got the hang of the basic controls once I had played through the game’s introduction tutorial, I soon came to realise that actually I had only scratched the surface and my first prison mirrored something similar to the film Bronson – a violent, unmanageable mess – rather than the Shawshank Redemption vision I had in my head.But what sort of Prison Architect will you be? The game leaves that decision entirely on your shoulders once you’re settled with the basics; Prison Architect allows you to feel good about yourself, you will be able to build reform programs through education and enable prisoners to learn vocational skills through a workshop system that improves their morale and ability to reintegrate with society upon release. And, of course, if they step out of line you can chuck them straight into solitary to separate them from the main body of your population and leave them to rot which, in turn, provides a deterrent to the other prisoners who may be thinking of stepping out of line. Each prisoner you take in to your prison provides a revenue stream for you to continue improvements and is, of course, offset by the amount of danger an extra man or overcrowding your prison may cause. This delicate balancing act is how you’ll spend a lot of your game, earning some extra cash to improve but not wanting to throw too many inmates in at once.There is a simple tech tree which allows you to slowly introduce new ideas, staff members and rooms to your prison. You may desperately need an infirmary in your prison due to a riot that injured inmates and your staff or you have had a sudden intake of high-risk prisoners which means Patrol Dogs and Armed Guards are in order. Whatever type of prison you decide to build and how fast you need to expand is all down to how you set up the game to begin with. For a more challenging trial you can set it so you have a prisoner intake every single day at 8am and this means you’ll be focusing on some rapid expansion and introducing new cell blocks constantly while having the ability to switch off Prisoner Intake means you will be able to sit back and think about your prison design and put something together that makes sense and works far more efficiently and safely for your staff. You may have prisoners in with your main population that are awaiting execution – these are the most dangerous and likely to revolt because they have nothing to lose and need direct intervention by your guards on a regular basis. You can decide on the level of management you want on individuals and ensure they’re kept separate to the low risk, short stay offenders who may not need as much of your staff’s time.Prisoners will try and escape or smuggle contraband into your prison, they’ll walk around and take every opportunity to skip out on you by utilising any minor flaw in your prison’s design. But, once the day is over and their time is served, your prisoners will be released, reformed and hopefully willing to contribute to society once again. You can drill down and even micromanage every single need of your individual prisoners. You’ll see how long they have left to serve and and whether they’re likely to reoffend once they are released. You can hire a psychiatrist who will help you manage these needs and build the prison’s daily schedule to ensure everyone gets what they need from their day. It is usually the silly things that tend to foil me in Prison Architect – the prison had expanded so rapidly and I had not thoroughly expanded my kitchen to an appropriate level and, therefore, half my prisoners weren’t eating during the one hour of meal time I had allotted which caused the starving to push back against my guards who struggled to control such a large rabid mob.Prison Architect’s simple two-dimensional art style feels crisp and responsive and allows the game to run on just about every PC or laptop you may have opening up the (Usual resource intensive) management-sim genre to a whole new crowd. The game looks great and brings a slight comedic twist to the violence and dark nature of running a prison full of incarcerated inmates. The interface is simple and so goes a long way into allowing creativity. With a new room or angle in your prison two clicks away creativity is easily embraced.There is so much promise in Prison Architect, everything it already offers and the constant, major updates that are consistently pushed to Steam it’s hard to imagine how far the final game will go in polishing the base mechanics and adding new systems for the player to develop and maintain a large scale, working prison. With Prison Architect already tied into the Steam Workshop system you can download different mods and spend a lot of time looking at other people’s work to inspire the direction of your prison. The ability to share your ideas and designs means inspiration is only a click away when you get stuck or how to get yourself out of the corner you have built yourself in too."
,Recommended,233450,18432348,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,jiminywinkle,"Literally worth every cent, you get exactly what you paid forSteam dev community- take notice10/10"
,Recommended,233450,18625448,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Wolvix,"Be the ruler of your own prison. Build your prison, send prisoners to 12hrs of solitary confinement for possessing luxuries. Force close gate despite prisoner having paroled. Watch your hardwork burn to ashes, and your slaves start to produce tomato ketchup."
76561198179221951,Not Recommended,233450,32718712,Posted: 24 June,all,Joecool03,dont get me wrong it's a great game but there are 2 dlc's that are console exclusive wich is a♥♥♥♥♥♥move
,Recommended,233450,18566978,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,CypherDi4z,"I love the new expansion ... i tried to escape out of my own prison , but i'm to bad for it xD lmao"
,Recommended,233450,16675432,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,roughnecks,"Personal Rating: I didn't expect so much fun playing PA, happily impressed.Classic Rating: ★★★★☆Main reason why it doesn't get 5 stars is because of Early Access. Game is awesome but I had some issues in my last playthrough, so I'll wait the end of this year for full release before starting a new prison (and I already miss it).Suggestions for developers:● The plan tool should be improved letting us mark utilities too, being those a critical planning's characteristic.● Some events, like Bureaucracy unlocks, should be notified via text message, just like cash flow.● Side scrolling speed is way too slow when the visual is zoomed-in.● The clone tool should be able to select a wider area, because copying and pasting piece by piece is not comfortable at all; also I do not understand why RMB copies and LMB pastes, but there will probably be a good reason..Bought this game on Summer Sale 2015; it comes with Trading Cards, a nice Badge and Emoticons but it doesn't have Achievements (not that I do care much about them). Recommended? Absolutely."
76561197993073639,Not Recommended,233450,22230647,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,agent707,"Don't get me wrong by the ""Not recommended"" that the game isn't fun.  It's a very cool game.Problem is, it's broken.  I've been trying to play it for 3 days now, and can't.  Once I get my prison so big (40+ prisoners) and my staff gets pretty big...... the AI just pukes and dies....The maintenance workers and janitors cease to function.  They just pile up together and vibrate erratically.And thus with no maintenance or janitorial services, the prison falls into chaos.It has done this with every attempt.I have gathered this game was programmed by a couple of dudes...  and given the installed game files consist of about 8 files total (a couple dll's, a few dat's and an exe), it is quite obvious.This is a very amature piece of software.   It may play fine for some people, but not for me.I'd probably recommend this game, if it were $5 (about the max price it should be)...  but it isn't, so I'm not.It's just too much money to pay for something that has such bad AI."
,Not Recommended,233450,25597986,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,D-code,"About 9 Months after the initial release the devs decide to abandon this rather unfinished/unpolished game, basically giving a middle finger to the kickstarter backers who collected $1 million and the early access supporters.Thanks for your money, bye."
,Recommended,233450,18357591,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Benis,"Buy it, because who doesn't want a prisoner named Ash Ketchup"
,Recommended,233450,13346103,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Mr Piggy™,"I have had this in my library since it came out on steam; its one of the few games I keep coming back on PC for and that means alot considering it's an early access game and I own a shelf full of triple A titles on console.While there may be a website to help IVSoftware keep up with the bugs and glitches (Mantis Bug Tracker) the developers take an alpha out of the calender to keep on top of the bug database, making the game playable - despite having the odd prisoner getting caught in a door - but llets face it the games only in alpha so bugs like that can be ironed out.This is an amazing example of what indie developers can achive.Buy it now and help it progress if you don't mind bugs and glitches but I must say: make sure you buy this when it's been fully released.- Owen Marshall 13/12/14"
,Recommended,233450,19724220,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Sober_Bender,"This has to be the best builder to date. You build then manage any type of prison to your liking! Manage or even micromanage right down to the quality of food your prisoners eat. Be fair though, otherwise they will Riot! Get bored an become a prisoner in your own or someone elses prisons. Give it a 9 outta 10, only flaw I see is the AI security an even doctors give the impression theyre working blindfolded. To many times you see injured prisoners and 14 doctors doing nothing!"
,Recommended,233450,4954123,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,omgimahero,"I've tried a lot of Prison Tycoon games, but all were failures. But this is a true architect game.  Not a easy game to pick up and learn. 6 hours in game and I'm still kinda learning. But very potential game when you manage to make it work. The game was very well developed. I like the fact that i can check the file of each prisoner and see the crime that they did.It's also fun to see them roaming around on their free time, getting some exercise in the yard or suddenly charging out of the prison for an escape. I can say that this game so far been very technical on my brain. But very challenging.The utilities mode is very fun as well, installing electric cables, and water pipes to supply the shower room and toilets with water. It's also fun to watch the prisoners fight the guards.All i can say is that the game was very well thought of and very well developed. Up to date, there are already #13 updates since the launch of Prison Architect. Developers really looking into making this the perfect prison game. Keep it up. Looking into more game time with this game."
,Recommended,233450,10915504,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,psx,"You build your prison, screw it up, learn from your mistakes, start again, build your prison, scre...you get the picture, it's very enjoyable, you can play and plan at your own pace and getting everything right takes some experimenting. Once you get to that point it might lose some of it's appeal, but hopefully once it's out of early access you will have more challenges and more reasons to keep going. I've encountered no gamebreaking bugs, and very few smaller ones which I could plan around quite easily.If you like to plan and build, get it ASAP. If you don't like to plan and build, still consider giving it a chance at some point."
76561198100451677,Recommended,233450,23254644,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,janwillem077,"It's a really good game, highly recommendable.After seeing the game change alpha after alpha they have added so much and they handled the alpha game very wel, now the game is out and they update it every month. even if their are stil some minor bugs, it doesn't matter because the game is so great both in content and in gameplay. with a wonderfull steam workshop community.I would rate the game 8,5/10"
76561198060919573,Recommended,233450,23960818,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Deicide,"Prison Architect is something of a tycoon game that requires the player to build and manage their own security facility.The player is focused on creating a healthy environment for both prisoners and staff. Hiring management staff unlocks new programs through the bureaucracy menu that promote business, health, and security inside your facility. I would compare this game to something like Zoo Tycoon where you're essentially caring for profitable pets.The true beauty of this game, in my opinion, is the vast amount of options and room for creativity. Build a supermax hellhole or build a Scandanavian resort prison. Punish your prisoners relentlessly or spoil them like children. Crowd them into packed cells or build them modular apartments. On and on and on.Included in the game is ""Escape Mode."" In Escape Mode, players take the role of single inmates and must work toward gaining a reputation by starting fights or destroying equipment to recruit team members. Steal tools and supplies to help you escape. Hatch elaborate plans with your recruits and make a break for it.The Workshop content means the game never ends. Escape from your friends' prisons or take on a challenge from the community. Workshop is also endlessly great for use in management mode.8/10"
76561198080386624,Recommended,233450,24042902,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Norman Atomic,"So before I go into depth with why you should buy this game, let me just summarize it all in the beginning.10/10, simple as that.Now this may be a tad biased seeing as I have a HUGE interest in law enforcment and such, but honestly this game is amazing. Believe it or not, there is a story mode. And its really, really, REALLY, heavy. Like seriously, theres no sugar coating. The story mode also serves as a tutorial, where for 4 ""levels"" you have to build certain aspects of a prison, and in the final ""level"" you have to make a prison from scratch and meet a set of goals. The building mechanics are really well done and create a sense of immersion, while still allowing the game to flow. All of the prisoners enter your prison with different traits that determine if they are a force to be rekoned with, or someone's b*tch. There is a gang system, which creates prisoners that have specific gang affilitaions. Sometimes you will get a gang leader in your prison, and if the leader is punished, the members of that respective gang will become upset. Not to mention, there is a WORKSHOP PAGE for this game! So if you were in fear of it being one of those games where you play for an hour, get bored, and never open it again, have no fear! There is constantly new content coming out on the workshop page. Everything from user made prisons, to mods that change the game completley! Anyways, I could ramble on forever about all the little cool features and extra content, because there is a ton of it. But for the price, this game is without a doubt worth the money. If you love creating something from nothing, and watching it grow and earn money, yea, this game is for you."
76561198143320947,Recommended,233450,20408141,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Sharkloverguy,"Recieved a prisoner named ""Bob""Bob was a low security prisoner so I wasn't worried about him.All 30 of my prisoners were at the canteen.I noticed that Bob was looking angry.Reading all of these other reviewsI...Put him in solitary for 24 hours with no power. (My solitary cells were only one block).Put him on supermax with 3 armed guards patrolling the solitary block.After 24 hours he was suppressed and I let him back into his cell later.About 12 hours later (Ingame), Bob somehow started a full on riot with 23 prisoners killing all of my guards.I got like 5 armed guards in the canteen, but they were all killed.All of my prisoners escaped after burning some of the prison down.But then I noticed something.In the fiery pit of my prison.Was Bob.Bob was unconcious and later died.I started a new prison.I hoped it wouldn't go to hell like the old one.My first intake arrived.There, on the bus.Was a man named Bob.Solitary Confinement forever.69/21Would Bob Again"
76561198007282569,Recommended,233450,19431141,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,jlocks,A much better game since the full release. Great humor and the graphics crack me up.
,Recommended,233450,13533264,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Choops,"Well all I can say is how surprising i found this game to be. Granted I've only played a little bit passed the intro but it feels so fun to play, very comfortable and hilarious in parts.I've made a quick review video of the actual intro.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9L-gMe6_7N8&feature=youtu.bePlease be kind...Its my second video and apologies for the frame skipping, I've sorted the problem for any future videos!Give the game a whirl, its not even the price of 2 cups of coffee!"
,Recommended,233450,17355868,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,The Admiral ᴰᴹ|ᴬˢᴬ,"A very fun interactive game! This reminds me of The Tycoon games where you build it, meet the requirements and satisfy the prisoners in your jail. I ended up addicted to this game, but hey who hasn't been addicted to their favorite game!Best if you add some mods to your game. I truly recommend this game to any gamer who likes tycoon related games and likes a bit of a challenge."
76561198007180157,Recommended,233450,18374079,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,JimTheEnchanterer,"I like to start off with MinSec prisoners just to get me started, then bring in MedSec once I get going to replace the MinSecs that get released.Normally this works.Normally.My first MedSec prisoner was Simon Lane. I thought it was funny and went back to messing about on the other side of the prison.Then the riot warning pops up.Simon was Volatile.... and an Instigator.He just convinced everyone in the canteen (~300 MinSec prisoners) to be his personal army.My guards got zerg rushed by video game pirates before I could do anything. The spawned reinforcements died just as quickly.  They were about to breach the last door between them and freedom when I spammed armed guards and hit freefire just as they broke through.There were too many. For every weed dealer and flasher that went down five more took their place.Too many died and escaped.GG42/10 would massacre a horde of internet pirates led by a dwarf again."
,Recommended,233450,13874831,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Alice,Force prisoners to work 24 hours a day. Second best Stalin simulator.
76561198268960371,Recommended,233450,21897825,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,CAPTAIN CAPLOCKS,"Everyone in my prison is locked down 24/7.In my prison, we don't take♥♥♥♥♥♥ Anyone who starts a fight will be shot on site.No one has TVs, radios, or any type of entertainment.They are purely there to eat,♥♥♥♥♥♥ shower, work, work, work, and work.Many call it a concentration camp. That is why there is death row.Awaiting a mod to let me kill anyone.10/10 would take basic civil rights away from criminals for no reason."
,Recommended,233450,22928262,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Observer (2),"Building your own prison can never be fun, or so I thought. Prison Architect brings many ways to build a max security prison, you can build a lunchroom to feed your prisoners, give each cell a TV or you can be as mean as you like to your prisoners by giving them little to no freedom. I was surprised to actually enjoy this game and has my great and funny moments playing this game.6/10"
,Recommended,233450,19529992,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,^ ^1🔫Xenon,"A very good game, i have currently 24 hours played, making prisons and then escaping, i remember when this game first came out, i knew it was gonna be good, and guess what it is!!! would definetly recommend to anyone who wants a decent well thought out game."
,Recommended,233450,17829455,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Pizzaturtle,"- left game running and went  to go and get a drink- came back to find 5 prisioners rioting- thought this action would be solved by my 150 guards- one prisoner went crazy with a drill- this one prisoner killed ~50 guards- sat in shock- all guards dead- all 300 prisoners escapewould watch mass murder and mass escape in under 5 minutes again 10/10don't even get me started on what happens to your prison with the gang leader update, very bad. lot's of death has occured."
76561198147039985,Recommended,233450,22785368,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,amp9,"This game is one of the best of the year, I have been playing since alpha 14 and have not got bored yet. The best part is that even though the game is finished, they continue to update it with new content and bug fixes. I hope they made another game similar to this."
,Recommended,233450,21640416,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Baviaan,This game is one of the most creative and fun games that i have played. You can do absolutly ANYTHING with your prisoners. The thing i think is the most fun to do is download some mods and put all prisoners in death row and then execute your whole prison.
,Recommended,233450,21064193,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,King Zog,"I once received Al Capone in my prison.He knocked out an armed guard, stole a shotgun and killed 100 people. His sentence was now of 3687 years.10/10 would simulate vietnam again."
76561198164437588,Recommended,233450,34954941,Posted: 14 September,all,juliamurph17,"Sweet for what it is. It's the kinda game that you can sink 50 hours in a week into and then not touch it again for 6 months, though.But hey, it's fun."
,Recommended,233450,8738326,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Takkee,"The game in it's current state is more than playable, it's enjoyable. There are bugs of course, but most of the released features work well. And there are many great features to come!It may be hard to make money at the beginning but you'll eventually overcome the problems and start developing prisons in the direction you want, there are no limits. If not satisfied with the base game, get one of many great mods directly from Steam workshop. I like to build huge Max Sec prisons, heavily-guarded and highly profitable.Pros:Endless possibilitiesExcellent gameplayGreat simulationLittle humorAwesome designMod supportSteam workshop supportReasonable pricingCons:UI needs updatingBugs (Alpha!)"
,Recommended,233450,13771778,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Fishbus,"Do you like Theme Hospital, Sim City, Dwarf Fortress, Dungeon Keeper and other games that fit that general area?Does the idea of watching everything devolving into complete chaos, and the battle to keep order through iteration excite you?Well then, what are you waiting for? Support a game that actually makes early-access worth having!"
,Recommended,233450,13565736,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,happyvista,Riot/Sweatshop/Tazer Simulator 20149/10
76561198058454861,Recommended,233450,12574759,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,MitchDB,"A very enjoyable, addictive game. Not so much reccomended for a casual player or a hop on or hop off player. This game needs skill and patience. Still an amazing game that is so addicting!"
,Recommended,233450,7892771,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,steelc00kie,"You manage an intricate prison, and despite the lack of endgame, this game has much to offer to any fan of Stategy/Simulation players.Definite must play game currently, catch it on sale if you're skeptical."
,Recommended,233450,10608886,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Thatladoverthere,Amazing game! difficult at first but it gets easier and the game is really addictive. well worth the money.
76561198116262862,Recommended,233450,23016563,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Mahealani,"My go to game while ""listening"" to lectures. I'm an architecture student, so this game is very fitting. Been playing this game since it was in Early Access.10/10 would recommend to others."
,Recommended,233450,18365682,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Foxy,This game should be in everyones collection! There are a few small things I don´t like (for example that reform programs are only possible during work-hours) but apart from that its one of the few games I would give a 9.5/10 Rating!
76561197973677782,Recommended,233450,16420222,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,clochi,I think about this game before i go to sleep
,Recommended,233450,15235124,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,JAXOR,"I struggled with the £20 price tag for an unfinished game but I've been wanting to play this since seeing it at EGX Rezzed.I finally purchased it Intending to play a little during my long weekend, I accidentally played it for 25 hours over 3 days, and don't regret it.I had a prisoner named Simon Young whose name will live with me forever. Each day he would destroy and flood his cell then fight the guards.I let the dogs kill him 9.8 years into his 10 year sentence. I smiled as I watched the hearse take him away. That was the only way you were ever going to leave, Simon.10/10"
76561198053423359,Recommended,233450,30212913,Posted: 26 February,all,usque in aeternum invictum,"Great game, great mechanics, great prisons, great excecutions"
,Recommended,233450,17223509,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,PlyrStar93,-Received prisoner-Prisoner attacked staff and tried to escape-Prisoner got locked down-Built a cell only for him-Installed power generator and shower in his cell-He took a shower and generator blew up-Fire spread over entire building-200 people died-CEO called in and fired me10/10 would catch fire again
,Recommended,233450,28406242,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Theratris,A very fun little game to just sitback and enjoy.8/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,233450,7933460,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Not ciara,Being an architect never was so fun...
,Recommended,233450,18440123,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Raesh  ҉,"I recommend this game to everyone, especially if you enjoy managment and  tycoon games."
,Recommended,233450,10100589,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,b0ttlecaps,"The game play is fun and addicting and you'll find yourself losing hours upon hours to this game. The best prison simulator ever made and it hasn't even entered beta stage yet. I seriously look forward as to what Introversion Software do next with this game and will provide a full review upon release. If you have ever wanted to build a maximum security prison, chances are you will want this; although without guides don't expect an easy ride.For my full first impressions review of this game, go to:http://godbomb.blogspot.co.uk/2014/05/prison-architect-first-impressions.html"
,Recommended,233450,11928528,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,♥ Miss♕Taxi ♥,It's a funny little game. At first i was kinda skeptical because of the graphics. but it really works great with the gameplay and the whole game concept. If you're into tycoon kinda games or just wanna build a prison...go for it. It's worth it.
76561198005715090,Not Recommended,233450,32532297,Posted: 18 June,all,Kanreol,Consoles-only DLCs are a♥♥♥♥♥♥move.
,Not Recommended,233450,20505828,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Pantoffeldiertje,"Single threaded so not playable if you have a large prison. Even with an overclocked CPU, the game can't handle large prisons. Other then the very low framerate and the fact that the developers still have not fixed this flaw, it's actually a very fun game to play."
76561197999440615,Not Recommended,233450,25605587,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,DaDangerDog,"I want this to be a very honest review. The game is a ton of fun. I really enjoyed the time I spent with it.  However, there are some bugs and/or glitches where things just dont work they way they should. There are a ton of little things that bothered me enough to stop playing. I felt at times like I was fighting against the mechanics of the game and not the objectives and challenges of the game. From what I have heard, the developers are simply done with this project, they are moving on to other things and will not be updating this game any further. This saddens me because it could be something truely special if they spent a bit more time polishing the experience.Would I recommend this game? Yes.Would I recommend this game for $30? no."
,Recommended,233450,28080418,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,demolish56,This is an amazing game; its quit challenging at first especially if you're not careful with your money. Amazingly addictive 23 hours in 2 days was what i ended up with. Its really hard to play anything else with this in my library.▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Recommended,233450,21566736,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,G e T _ R a G e,"A very solid indie game, Build your prison from scratch and try to make as much money as possible whilst avoiding riots and murders inside your prison.Pro's -Good art styleSolid gameplay no gamebreaking bugsLots to do & build ingameInexpensiveNo real cons overall a great game 9/10"
,Recommended,233450,21692033,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,ＲＡＤＩＵＳ,"♥♥♥♥ me, the campaign is surprisingly good and it's pretty emotional."
76561198065844732,Recommended,233450,10641323,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Ghost Chips,"An awesome concept, devs are working hard at more content, cant wait for the next update :)"
,Recommended,233450,24046631,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Kidkoala,Jesus christ this game is great. And its still getting updates
,Recommended,233450,32188927,Posted: 4 June,all,Solenya,Enjoy the butt♥♥♥♥♥♥in the holding cell.
,Recommended,233450,18388745,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,The Ultimate Potato,"A fantastic game for what seems like a short period of time. I would definitely recommend it, but only to fans of the genre who can play it for longer than I did."
,Recommended,233450,24034535,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Kyneptic,"A great game, i bought nearly soon as it came out. I have only 69 hours hehe, but the game is truly amazing.\Why? Making a prison sounds boring but seeing the prisioners rush in and watch them continue their prison lives feels amazing! After you have the best prison in the game, your bored. So what do you do? Mods! Endless mods! A sea of mods! Well maybe not that much but there is enough to add an extra few hundred hours onto your total playtime! Want to be a prisoner? Well you can! You can download prisons off of the workshop and play a new mode that allows you to collect weapons, make an army of criminals, and break out! You should definetly buy this."
76561198044148333,Recommended,233450,8800212,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Burgundy,"Throughout the course of playing this game right from it's early alpha in October it has been a blast, forcing 20 prisoners to shower in a 4x4 room and finding men in jail cells who had a facial expression I could only describe as 'bench' was the highlight of my day for at least a month solid: but I had to progress. The world of maximum security prisons is a dark place. Guards recieved a shiv at least 3 times per day and I was would have been frankly unsurprised to have seen a large amount of comlaints of destroyed sphincters rolling through my psychologist; by the end of this period, my sphincter actually felt empathy for those smaller prisoners only in for larceny who had come up against homocidal 3 metre tall 400 pound Tyrone the  wife beater in my 4x4 showers.Morale of the story is, this game is a blast, but just stick to the orange prisoners..."
76561198095198111,Recommended,233450,11852817,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,chubbyfatman343,"Make a massive cellblock,control power and water throughout the prison,give your prisoners jobs,build a computer from introversions latest update that contains logic gates,make elaborate designs and layouts to allow your prison to strive and succed.or just kill all your♥♥♥♥♥es""inmates"" and make money. What ever suits you."
,Recommended,233450,18379322,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Pursanator,"One of the best building/managing games I've had the pleasure of playing, 10/10Pros:- Too many to mention.Cons:- Escape mode need some work done to it, still a really good idea though.- I would like something that adds some more depth to the game for people who have been playing for a while.PS: Keep the updates coming."
,Recommended,233450,22234828,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Luka,I love the game and it really helps me take my mind of other things and just have a great time. The game is like any sim city builder but in a prison ! much more intresting.Pros:- Amazing devs that keep working on the game and make it even better then it allready is.- Great campaign that also works as a tutorial but is really fun to go through.- Intresting addition with gangs and the way other prisoners work together really makes you feel like you are fighting to keep your prison alive- The devs keep adding new content to play with and enjoy- Overall great game would recommend to everyoneCons :- Can be laggy when there are too many prisoners ( 800+ )- Sometimes workers glitch out a bit wont do there job
,Recommended,233450,10941559,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DerpyDonkey,Prisoner tried to riot with a spoon. Guards beat him with baton and left him bleeding unconscious until he was dragged to the medical ward in which a doctor stabbed him with a needle till he was okay. He was then sent to solitary confinement to think about what he's done with his life.10/10
76561198063450617,Recommended,233450,13384189,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Natango,"After loosing 46 hours (and counting) of my life to this game, I finally managed to finish a prison. Then I imported in Jesus, watched him overdose on drugs that he smuggled in and die. Resultantly, my prisoners broke down the walls, and I went bankrupt. 10/10 - would swear violently again."
,Recommended,233450,6067716,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,apocolyptictodd,"For all who don't know Prison architect is well...self explanatory you build and run a prison how ever you want! And it kicks♥♥♥♥♥ Although the game is still in alpha updates are released every few weeks and the game keeps getting better and stronger, i HIGHLY recommend you go and buy it at the moment it is dirt cheap (comparatively) for only 30$ and allows total user choice (and is easy to mod). You want to make a prison only for the most violent prisoners WELL DO IT want to make a prison for only low security idiots DO IT and basically play however you want to so i urge you to buy it, it may very well be the most addicting indie game outside of Minecraft!-Apoco"
,Recommended,233450,13629308,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ayy lmao,Fun game. I would recommond this to whoever likes building I mean this is really fun try it out for yourself if you don't have it yet. But I wish they would add a basketball court to the yard like you would add that I would play the game longer if they added that. And if the prisoners would like play defensive and offensive that would be so cool! 10/10 game
,Recommended,233450,23833178,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SuperKillJuul,The AI in this game is very good nice greatly well done :)
,Recommended,233450,23990686,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Zonbai,"Prison Architect is the game that proves that you don't need flashy 3D graphics to have a great game.   The 2D visuals are still attractive nonetheless.  The only graphic deawback is the people but if you can look past that, you're in for a treat.Let's start by saying that good prison games are hard to find.  and this one is the best prison simulator we will have for the next 10 years and here's why...The detail of building your prison is immense.  You can design and build everything from a dormitory detention center to a full blown supermax prison complete with death row (yes, there is an electric chair).   You can even build female prisons!  Some women come complete with babies and need places to care for them.After you get the prison constructed enough to begin housing prisoners, you then dive into running the place.  This is where the real fun begins.You'll manage food distribution, finances, the daily schedule, reform programs, drug addicted losers, staff, guards, what offences get what penalties,  the list goes on and on.That's not all, there is a full weather system so you'll need to supply heat to your prison or your inmates will complain about being cold.    Find and confiscate contraband from cigarettes and booze to weapons and escape tools.  These people will smuggle in all sorts of stuff from the visitation room from mom and dad to their buddy throwing drugs over the yard wall!     Got a prisoner doing time in solitary for getting caught with a knife?   see if he is willing to be a confidential informant in exchange for his release from solitary (not the prison).   Now he will sing like a bird and tell you who is carry what contraband (that he knows of).   He'll tell you if he knows of an upcoming trade or drug deal.  He'll fill you in on when a drop over the wall was arranged or if Joe Smith has a tunnel started under his toilet!Best of all are gangs!  The confidential informant will also tell you who are gang members and gand leaders (that they know of).   They'll tell you who is strong, volitile, fearless, etc.   Gangs will take over territory in your prison.  The red gang might have control over the yard and the blue gang grabbed the common room.  The gangs will extort money from regular prisoners to use the room's facilities.  (Charge an inmate to use the weights in the yard for example.)  You must stop these gangs from taking over your prison!   Deploy guards, armed guards, K-9 dog handlers to take back territory.  The K-9 can sniff out drugs as well as find tunnels.This is so much more than a building game.  The designing and building is very fun but the real fun begins when you get a lot of prisoners and especially if you have gangs enabled and they begin taking over parts of your precious creation!Once you get your prison escape proof,  load it up in ""Escape Mode"" and be a prisoner yourself!   That's right,  you can be a prisoner in your own prison!   Now you can test just how easy (or hard) your prison is to get out of.   Recruit a team of buddies, get in fights,  smuggle a weapon from the workshop,  dig under your cell to find freedom!There are loads of mods in the Steam Workshop that make this game even better.  There are graphic mods that remove the ""cartoon"" look of the game and add more ""HD"" looks to it.  There are mods that completely add new reform programs, objects, building materials, people and staff,  etc, etc..  The game is very British,  which is ok.  But there are mods for other languages as well as American terminology.The developers are finished adding new content and will be tying everything up in a few months with a completed, bug-free version, or so they say.   So the game is near completion.The best prison simulator on the market,  hands down.   If you own any (or all) of the Prison Tycoon games,  they have been executed and will rest in peace.   Throw them all away and buy Prison Architect right now.   You will not be disappointed!"
76561198020124737,Recommended,233450,23958069,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Kosami,Perfect game for a relaxing time
,Recommended,233450,23802457,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,lowestsquire399,its very fun
,Recommended,233450,23814750,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Morebore,Not to bad if you like city building games like City Skylines give it a try its great for some casual players but you will need to understand some basic before you can play the game which the game explains great in its toturial.
76561198074530147,Recommended,233450,23959302,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Anben10,"Very good game, lots of fun to have with it. Although I'd like more options in terms of rooms and objects available to make the game more exciting. Would definitely recommend picking this up now while its on sale."
,Recommended,233450,23744424,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Kusano,I love prison♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198025467458,Recommended,233450,24066619,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Slimie,great
,Recommended,233450,24108399,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Mouthuos,"Really fun, it is like a Roller Coaster Tycoon but with prisions and with more details.With this game on your screen, you will have some real great times playing it.I Really Recomend this game!!!"
,Recommended,233450,23834638,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Darky,"ROJocul acesta ma ajutat sa am o altfel de gandire la categoria Creativitate, pentru mine aces joc e genial, mai ales ca ador jocurile bazate pe Designe. Il recomand tuturor care au o imaginatie bogata.EN (Not the best TRASLATE: GOOGLE <3)This game helped me to have a different thinking Creativity category for me Aces game is brilliant, especially as I love games based on the design. I recommend to all who have a rich imagination"
,Recommended,233450,23811147,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Trebort,"I can't believe I've not reviewed this game.It's amazing. Graphically simple, but it doesn't bother you. It's a really nice game to play.The pesky criminals are always trying their luck... I'm a nice warden as well, I give them nice cells and lots to do and how do they thank me? By murdering my guards and beating my doctors to death.It's really cozy!The developers are great. They've been involved and active from inception to delivery. I bought this as soon as it came out, more to do with loving Uplink that actually wanting it. But when I started playing I was hooked. It's a time stealing game that you will definitely love. Plus, when you get tired, you can mod the hell out of it."
76561198000514020,Recommended,233450,23745876,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,chuck,awesome game
,Recommended,233450,23830008,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,=Mcbober=,"Surprisingly compelling campaign mode in this game with a pretty good story. Not exactly the cutesy Sim City-like game it appears to be. Only five levels unfortunately, but they are decently sizable. Well worth the price I paid for it on sale. It has a sandbox mode too of course, which the campaign is sort of a tutorial for, but I don't know how long that sorta thing stays interesting."
,Recommended,233450,23960821,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Bip901,"This game is very cool.Pros:-Very fun-Very intersting, can play over and over withuot being bored-2 game modes (escape mode and build mode)-Runs very smoothly for meCons:-Keys are not very sensitive... I must scroll the mouse like crazy to zoom in/out.-It costs 30$... Great game, but don't you think it's a little bit too expensive? Actually I don't really care because I bought this on Steam summer sale for 7.5$ :)"
,Recommended,233450,23991658,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Christian White Boy,Great game
76561198094396539,Recommended,233450,24066613,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,TNT,Amazing u  should get it m8! The best thing i like about it is that all my prison rioted and i killed like 50% of them with riot police.
,Recommended,233450,13514042,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,alt,Just a normal day getting another 12 prisoners. Let them all in and a Bobby Bobsen (disclaimer hiding real name for privacy reasons) pulls out some hedge shears and kills all the guards and runs awayfree. That is the story behind why I now use metal detectors.Now this game is amazing and I hope it continues on to when it is realeased unlike some games cough cough citys (another disclaimer not using real name might get this review removed) I recomend you support the alpha and continue to be appart of the ever growing community.PS Australia is not a prison cough cough nerdcubed.
76561198071705315,Recommended,233450,16354841,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Pawn,I had to completely blow-up my original review.  This is one of the most-balanced games I have ever played.  It is fairly easy to learn but the challenge seems to grow slightly faster than I can keep up.  I always feel like I am building structures just to keep up with demand.There is a bug or two that the developer is good about fixing but for the most part the game is flawless.  The only glaring omissions from the game are guard towers and a plant operations building (i.e. cooling towers etc.).It's a very solid game in the builder genre.  Although I recommend getting it on sale for around $20 I wouldn't hestiate to buy it at $30 either.
,Recommended,233450,23983182,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,RBZL,"Fun game overall, I think I'm about done with it though.What I like:+ Sandbox mode+ Fine-grain control over almost everything+ Custom character bios can be amusing+ Can't just leave overnight, requires constant attention for escapes, etcWhat I don't like:- Not much replayability- AI for staff can be really dumb- Limited customization (textures, etc)- Performance is bad with larger prisonsI've sunk quite a bit of time into the game at this point, building several prisons as I figure out how everything works. Once you've got that worked out, though, the game gets fairly boring.Most of the fun is in designing and building the prison,but after you know what will keep prisoners happy, you build until your prison is complete (or until performance sucks - I've gotten up to ~2000 cells and it seems to happen around ~1500) and then there isn't much to do aside from sit and watch.One major complaint is that the staff AI is idiotic at times. If you're building, say, a 5x5 room, the game will pull 25 staff members to build one piece each - even if a few staff members are right there and the others are across the map. The few that were there could have completed the room by the time the others got to it had they built more than one piece. Multiply that on a large scale and it can take forever to get things done.Legendary prisoners can be difficult to handle - hopefully you've researched permanent solitary before they arrive, and build a separate SuperMax wing just for them. Annoying that they can repeatedly murder prisoners and staff and it just adds to their sentence (i.e. you get to deal with them for even longer) instead of promoting them to Death Row at some point.Lots of other minor gripes about how some things need to be built a certain way to function correctly.Overall, though, I've spent a lot of time building things and it was definitely entertaining at times. I'd recommend the game (on sale, for sure) if you like the architect/tycoon genres."
76561198077715705,Recommended,233450,24057731,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,『　　』,*Prisoner murders 3 inmates* *Places inmate in a box to starve*
76561197982638858,Recommended,233450,23813133,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Im Alive,"First time writing a review so this is Serious Business!Long story short, I'm a big fan.  For those control-freak type folks, this game is some kind of meditation-caliber experience.  I want to use the word ""zen"" but I'm not sure how, so I will Almost refrain from doing so.Build your prison!  Start out with limited funds and see what you can work up to or, as is my preference, use unlimited cash and see how large a prison you can build - then pare it down to make a daily profit!  So what if you're 2 million in the hole - you're making almost $65 a day!What does your prisoner need, exactly.  Well, he (yes they are all dudes last I checked) needs food, needs exercise, clean clothes, a shower, some kind of interaction with family, medical care, therapy, schooling, job training, and about a half dozen or so other things.  Sure, you can just keep a fellow with a shotgun near him all the time, but terror isn't quite the same as rehabilitation - and your score will suffer if they just start offending when they get out again.It would take a wiki (which helpfully exists) to go over everything, but I'll pick a few random features that stick out in my mind to give a brief taste of what you can look forward to:1) Guard placement:  Research the right ""tech"", and you can choose what guards are where, at what time, and what guard type you'd like.  Breakfast, Dinner or Lunch?  Have extra dudes patrolling the cafeteria, and place a K9 unit at the entry to sniff out any (scented) contraband that's found it's way in.  Night time?  Schedule a guard or two to patrol each cell block, and have those K9 units walking laps of the buildings to (hopefully!) detect any tunnels out before they can make it outside the perimeter.  Got a few stone-cold, volatile killers in your Super Max wing?  Keep some armed guards near them to keep their britches too damp for them to (once again, hopefully!) take down a handful of guards and leg it to the front entrance.2)  Zoning:  Tricky, tricky!  You've found out some Maximum Security wolves have snuck in with the last incoming herd of Min Sec sheep.  Worse still, one of your Min Sec'ers is a snitch AND a former cop?  Time for some serious zoning!  Just when you think you've got a handle on things, you're face to face with a choice: build a second set of facilities, do some clever activity scheduling or let your Min Sec snitch get a sharpened toothbrush to the kidneys.  With zoning, you can build separate cell blocks, rec areas, visitation spaces, cafeterias etc and keep those hardcore gang bangers away from your vulnerable populations.  With clever scheduling, you don't even need a second set of staff - stagger your meals and the same amount of cooks will do the trick for separated populations.  With VERY, VERY clever scheduling (and *ahem* architecture) you might be able to get by with shared facilities for vulnerable populations, just don't let them pass eachother in the hallway!3) A minor, but personally beloved detail:  With the right ""tech"" researched, you can track contraband.  Some Adult Delinquent has been caught with a power drill?  How dare he!  Check your Intelligence screen and find where it originally entered the prison, and all the stops it took since then.  Drugs coming in through the visitation room?  Better have K9 units scheduled to patrol them when they're active.  Screwdrivers walking out of the workshop?  Metal detectors are your best friend.  Folks tossing cell phones over the perimeter fence?  Build a second fence further out - or restrict access to areas near the border fence.There is much, much more to this.  I bought it while it was in development, but I'd drop $30 on it gleefully if I knew what I was getting into.  My one sort-of complaint: some bits are quirky, and need a bit of fiddling before you can figure it out.  Sure, you could learn everything by just sitting down and reading the extensive forums, but there are some bits that are a bit more fiddly than others and take a few attemps to really get a solid understanding.   Frankly though, with the amount of minute details this game incorporates, there's no way to avoid this - and this game without those minute details would be no Prison Architect at all.Thank you, Prison Architect.  You are a genre onto yourself.  I love you. <mashes ""do you recommend: yes"" 75,000 times>"
,Recommended,233450,10099953,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,KwiteRite,"""Screw building a prison, I'm going to make money selling and planting trees"" - Me 10/10"
76561198094254197,Recommended,233450,10377388,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Ken,Pretty good. Too much frustration at first when you play it. I suggest you look on youtube for help. It gets boring sometimes.
,Recommended,233450,19540321,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Wiiyoo,There is never a perfect prison.
,Recommended,233450,16624979,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,fnlymeister,"Really brilliant game, lets you feel how is it to be a Prison manager. even if you don't like this genre you should buy this game.  totally.Though the tutorial really sucks, watch a beginners guide on youtube first before playing, because you won't understand anything from the tutorial!"
,Recommended,233450,14074257,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,all.Mad.here,"I wouldn't have guessed this game was early access if Steam didn't tell me. I'm very impressed by this game, and have sunk way more hours into it than I would have expected. I'm a huge fan of games like Roller Coaster Tycoon, and Sims, and anything else that involves management type ideas.This game is really neat (lol good descriptor, yes?) You control the layout of the prison, completely from scratch. You can make a dank dark prison, or a lofty posh apartment complex for inmates. The inmates are unique and many have quirky names and stories that introduce you to the personality put into this game by the developers. You control the daily schedule for the prisoners, programs and classes, police force and type, patrols, their dining experience, their in-prison jobs (laundry, license plates, cleaning etc.).There is so much I could continue to say - for a game that is about building a prison, it's so inolved and quite frankly just so much fun. My only regret is not buying some of the additional content while it was on sale!My fiance laughs when he can hear a riot break out ""oh, is Featherstone stabbing people again?"" Yes. Yes he is."
,Recommended,233450,24376577,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,TeddyStyle,"You know that a game is good when you can get stuck on playing it for almost a full weekend (including friday).I definitly enjoyed this one for the sandbox mode, less for the campaign mode which is more of an extended tutorial honestly. The sandbox mode is like: you start off from zero, good luck with your prison. Without the implementation of grants you wouldn't really have an objective and it also sets you up with money. What I also like is the varation of choices you get like the type of warden you want, the building material, the flooring, the set up of your jails and also which gender that your prisoners have. The last one for me is a little unnecessary because I probably always will pick male prisoners in my prisoners so I don't have to build family prisoners (for females with a baby), besides I kinda find it weird why you would take your newborn child with you to prison. Also sometimes things are a bit buggy so if you come across a bug don't think you are the only one experiencing it.If you like sandboxes or games like city skylines, sims where you have to build stuff and organise it all you should pick this one up. If the idea of running a big prison sounds fun to you you should also get it.EDIT: Did I forget to mention that this game has an amazing amount of humor when you look at some biographics? :http://steamcommunity.com/id/tehteddystyle/screenshot/106228751899944771"
76561198074790263,Recommended,233450,13566604,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Min,"One of my prisoners tried to escape, I beat him unconscious and sent him to solitary cell which has no toilet, he farted and shïts his pants. Yes, there's actual sound of him blowing all his shït out.Personally I think the game is way beyond alpha now. The mechanic is pretty mature, or maybe it is just Dayz that lower my standard of 'being able to play'"
,Recommended,233450,13571278,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,@cat,this is a great game. Bought it 2 days ago and non stop playing it.if you like simcity should try this.i am giving it 10/10
,Recommended,233450,13580505,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,/RC4.banana,"In the early access, the game delivers a punch of fun. The simulation raises challenges for the player to balance the game well and manage everything that is going pretty much parallel.However, there is still much potential for Prison Architect to develop. Things such as customization: different walls textures, greater detailed tech tree (tech tree is pretty shallow), storyline: Cell 211 scenario? etc.Simply amazing. 10/10 would play again and again and again. The sound track, the gameplay and dynamics surprises me every time."
,Recommended,233450,17403788,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Xafron Chi 宁 静,"Build and run a prison.  Pretty hard to do actually.  Build a larger and larger prison to keep more and more prisoners.  Hire staff, make sure everything is secure, and keep the prisoners content.  Why?  Well if you don't, they riot and people can get hurt or killed.  There are however certain things you must do that will make them unhappy.  For example, you can check everyone for hidden weapons and other things they aren't supposed to have, and you can search their cells.  They don't like it, but you need to do it.  As you play more, you can research things.  New kinds of staff to handle new problems, upgraded security, and so on.The game is actually fairly complex, there's a lot to it.  I didn't play the full tutorial, I suggest you do.  Also, it's fun to play with unlimited money.  It means you can test all kinds of things, and learn without having to worry about screwing yourself over.Pretty fun game overall."
,Recommended,233450,13026953,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,BIZARE,"A must have on steam! Build prisons, Control prisoners and have freakin armed guards provides for hours of entertainment and even after that just look on the workshop for more fun!! 7/10"
76561198011012264,Recommended,233450,18370368,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Kraviits,Playing this game since Alpha 8.Probably one of the best sim-games out there. Worth a buy.9/10
,Recommended,233450,22028365,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Melli,"Short story:I had to buy a new video card to play this game as my old one couldn't handle it.It was the best $230 I've spent on a game in my life.Long story:8:00pm - You think to yourself, ""just one more room. I'll just build a canteen and stop. My prisoners have got to eat somewhere!"" But you don't stop at the canteen. To supply the canteen, you need a kitchen. But to power the kitchen you have to put down power lines. While waiting for it to build, you notice that the floors are dirty, so you hire some janitors. They're struggling to get through the cell doors, so you replace them with staff doors to save time. By now you've run out of money so you open up to your grants. ""There's a grant to build a hospital and hire doctors,"" you see. You were going to do that anyway, so why not get paid for it? Now you're scouting out a good location for your hospital. How many hospital beds to you think you'll need? Two? Four? A hundred? You get your workers started on the foundation for your hospital.Shoot. You need more guards to patrol the new hospital. Hire a few more guards. The staff is complaining that they're overworked and in dire need of a staff room. Got to keep the staff rested so that they work at top speed! You figure out where you're going to put the staff room and get the workers on the foundation. By then, you're able to go back to the hospital and route power to the new area, not to mention adding the beds and other requirements for a hospital room. You've overtaxed the power station with the new area, and get the workers to add some capacitors to increase the power.All of a sudden, in the real world, your sister tells you that it's 1:00am and that you should probably go to bed.Rinse and repeat for every session I've played of this game since I installed the new video card.This game is very engaging and there is always something to do. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,233450,19301051,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,bourque43,"Prison Architect: A game where you can choose to make your prison luxorius, with tiled or wooden floors with spacious walls and high quality meals prepared by elite chefs. Or make your prison a literal concentration camp in which fighting results in 7 armed guards punishing you with shotgun shells to the neck.10/10"
76561198135017879,Recommended,233450,18512602,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Friendly Neighborhood Flasher,Note.Ok I have had this game since Alpha 28 I have been waiting to put this Review out when PA was released Because I do not think it is fair to Review a Unfinished game.Review. Overall its a great game the Devs are Involved with the Community and new Features are added regulary. Great Campaign It will keep you busy while teaching you the basics then there is the real game Free mode were you build a prison. Any kind you want from a Gulag Style Prison to a Open style prison set on reform if you can imagine it you can built it (May varry from time to time) Moving on to Pro's and Con'sPros.Fun.New Features.Great Dev Team.Supports Modding and has Steam Workshop supportCons.Bugs Lots of Bugs (To be expected the Game just came out of Early Alpha)Thats it for this Review if you liked it Rate it up and Leave some feedback of what you think thanks for reading to al the way down here
,Recommended,233450,10602784,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MonkeyDrone,"Think you have what it takes to keep prisoners under control? I surely don't cause those prisoners are big, scary and tough and I'm just the man with the mouse.Building a prison is quiet an achievement I do say so myself. So far i've failed at making 2 prisons in my first 2 games but I learned a lesson on how critical security is around criminals. I was being nice to them but this nice guy is dead now.From here on out, NO MORE MR.NICEGUY!Security guards knocked out, all prisoners escaped. 11/10 Will Play Again!"
,Recommended,233450,13871451,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,wildjwildj,"Another game I started out with a cracked version, but purchased the full version due to the developers updating it every month, actually listening to bug reports and feedback. With a workshop full of mods to reskin, add materials, weapons and ways to shape your game into sandbox or a campaign, I say well worth buying the full version and a good game to have in your library."
,Recommended,233450,28811010,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,DidiPowa,"A very fun and interactive game! If you like city/empire building games, there's a very good chance that you'll like Prison Architect. Aside from just building the actual prison there's many more features included in the game that make it fun. The game has a campaign you can play and multiple options for map creation when you want to start a new prison. Overall, definitley a great game, and absolutley worth it when on sale!"
38482929894533989,Recommended,233450,16228409,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,yeezy just jumped over jumpman,Best prison game I've ever played
,Recommended,233450,23720718,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Chaotic Innovator,"Great game, very in depth sandbox gameplay and I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes building in video games."
76561198110496229,Recommended,233450,22275332,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Jibbles,"I've watched this game grow for quite some time.  The developers released monthly updates along with videos of them discussing the changes and future plans of those updates.  I had no doubts in them finishing the game when I paid early access.  I wished more developers were like these guys, people would have more faith/patience in early access games if that was the case.I like just about every aspect of the game.  Everything they added I felt was necessary.  PA is a great game, and I still recommend it.  I feel something was missing from the game though. I still can't place what the problem is.  The fact that its just building prisons maybe? Want more depth? not sure... But I really think its the campaign or lack of challenges it has to offer.  I feel like they could've added more or done a lot more, with unique scenarios. Sort of like how roller coaster tycoon did.  Anyways, I've put a lot of hours in, I still come back to play every now and then.  The game is wonderful. The developers are wonderful.  And I hope they keep up with the updates even though this pretty much a finished product."
76561198112709824,Recommended,233450,33977188,Posted: 2 August,all,Ya Dun Goofed,"I feel as if this was a movie, it would deserve an emmy. I have devoted many hours into this on both architect mode and escape mode, but I feel this game could be so much more. Like adding a guard mode (as obvious as it sounds) where you go through prison life with the daily struggles of being a CO, maybe make the game playable where you could have more than one floor of a prison and you would have to toggle what level you would like to view, make escaping prisons much more difficult since we all know how easy that is, but make it to where the gang rivalries would be a lot more realistic as in having power struggles and such. Maybe even make it harder than just getting points to upgrade yourself and your followers and have different guards that play dirty and will do whatever it takes to make a little extra cash and others that abide by the law. I could go on for a lot longer, but I feel as if I have made my point."
76561198068202991,Recommended,233450,34529997,Posted: 27 August,all,MikeDavison700,"Excellent game with many, many hours of fun. Gets a tad repetitive towards the late game, but the shear number of prison configurations you can build etc keeps you busy for ages. Really recommended."
,Recommended,233450,28099045,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Casarex,Simcity con le prigioni
,Recommended,233450,25205488,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Lv1 Magikarp,"We are finally at the end, what a journey it's been. In the time since first buying it in early access to now I have built large, small and damn right disgusting prisons. The vast amount of content in this game is outstanding and all the way through it's development the team pumped out quality updates in a timey manner, a true example of how to do Early Access.Probably one of the best sandbox games out on the market right now, beautiful art work, vast amount of things to unlock and upgrade (or downgrade!) your prison with.You are only limited by your imagination, only just in these past few days have I got a solid prison up and running without bankrupting myself or having everyone escape because I tried to rush to get money. There is no hand holding through the game, you are given a plot of land and a few nudges in the right direction to get your prison started, you learn by trial and error but like the devs themselves said even when you fail it's quite hilarious and you're not left feeling angry for ""losing"" (You can't really lose, you can turn failure conditions off but more fun with them on ""If X ammount escape then you're shutdown"" kinda conditions)Not only is the game quite realistic on most things regarding prisons they also tackles difficult subjects, and weren't afraid to add them in, like death row, execution process, female prisons including babies etc and have done it very well.Hats off to the devs, loved your videos, love your game.9/10- Old review -Quality game the gets better month in month out, the humour is excellent thanks to the dev team being able to laugh at their own mistakes. Completely playable for hours on end even though it's still in Alpha, soon to be beta. Looking forward to more new features!"
,Recommended,233450,16482048,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,SiH,I really like watching the AI build while I design stuff
,Recommended,233450,20117377,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Pringled,Architecture is probably not a carreer I should pursue
,Recommended,233450,21412052,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Croy,My advice: Don't forget metal detectors in you mess hall.
,Recommended,233450,16364457,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Heldiros Dein Held,HAMMER SPIEL! Uneingeschränkte Kaufempfehlung. Man kannes es sehr lange spielen mit top Spielspass. Für den Preis macht man hier nichts fahlsch.
,Recommended,233450,13697157,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,TheLukrie,Really good game...I have an idea...Add a multiplayer!One guy is the warden and others can randomly join as prisoners and play inside the prison and try to escape.Would be sooo awesome XD
,Recommended,233450,18415165,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Misseur McGavin,"Fantastic Game. 8/10 with the current game content/mechanics.If you're looking for something new to jump into give this some serious consideration.Pros ++Easy to get started and play+Basic skill tree to unlock upgrades+Make a big or small prison, its fun to manage both+Multiple ways of making profit, but requires planning and management+Fun door access systems with logic and timing+Relatively easy to play but not as easy to perfect which adds more depth and creative goals.+Mods+A decent enough amount of content. It takes a while to set up and expand everything.Cons --Not huge on some ingame mechanics being explained in diary notes you find which are hard to read (they're in messy handwriting) but perhaps this info is listed clearly elsewhere ingame.-Game still has a few odd bugs but they are minor.-When placing a foundation near a current building its unpredictable / unintuitive as to whether the new foundation (wall) will break the adjacent wall and connect the rooms, or maintain the wall and keep them separate.-As of current some objects/sprites are limited in their function and orientation / appearance.-Ingame tooltips could provide a little more information."
,Recommended,233450,24006717,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Zbig,"fun game, definitely worth getting while on sale"
,Recommended,233450,19271322,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,dissolved girl,"Add the good points of all of my favourite simulation/management/city-building games and it equates to Prison Architect. I Bought this before release and I haven't been disappointed yet. The devs update regularly and relevantly. A game with well thought-out controls and mechanics. I have personally not encountered any game-breaking or annoying bugs.Sometimes I don't play this for months only to come back to an update that makes me widen my eyes and explore it.Good game, definitely worth the price if you ask me."
76561198307036668,Recommended,233450,24034253,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,jmorin95,Awesome and very addicting game and all the mods in the workshop make it even better!
,Recommended,233450,14057802,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Dea,"Pretty good in current development stage. And almost bug-free. Keep on, dev!"
76561198128779448,Recommended,233450,10533644,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,WestieBeast,"Great game.Has much to offer 10/10, the only down side is that the updates are not continuous."
76561198054007073,Recommended,233450,25287986,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Livelett,"Want to make a high security penitentiary? go right ahead!Want to recreate a death camp? Creepy but ok.Want to make a stereotypical American prision? This game has got you too (It won't end well...).European open prision? You can do that too!Do you want to build an inescapable prision? Well, you can try...I was looking forward to Prison Architect for a while and bought it while in Alpha. Its come a long way from then and has had some great improvements. The gameplay is great if you're looking for a builder or simulator. You can be strict or lax. Have open designs with the courtyard in the centre or closed where all facilities are in the middle surrounded by fences. Combos are endless. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,233450,32961068,Posted: 28 June,all,Chinpokomon,best tycoon game
76561198007390509,Recommended,233450,32938750,Posted: 28 June,all,alienfreaker,"realy fun, spend many hours on it"
,Recommended,233450,23517861,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Walhalla Clegane,This game gives you compelete control of a prison you design it run it and you can even test it i find this game fun. Then you can upload your Structure or download someone elses prison which can be utterly astonishing.
76561198129306884,Recommended,233450,10596377,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,pcgamer101985,"I wish I could tell you that Andy fought the good fight, and the Sisters let him be. I wish I could tell you that - but prison is no fairy-tale world. -Ellis Boyd 'Red' Redding"
,Recommended,233450,14048311,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,A'den,"Prison Architect is a tycoon game. You have to build and maintain your own prison. So you build cell blocks, kitchens, yards ect. Very simple, but extremly addictive - my first try took roughly around 8h - rare even for me.You will have to deal with situations typical for prisons, like riots, prisoners attacing each other or your staff, escapes... But lets star from the beggining.Tutorial isn't long, but it shows the basics just fine. After playing it, you should be able to build your own prison. You have 24 game hours before inmates arrival, abd by then you have to build basic facilities - like few cells, kitchen, offices, ect. Important thing is, that you need to think ahead. Careless expanding electrical lines may cause your generator to get overloaded, and that leads to energy shortage in whole prison. You also need to take care of risk, because the higher it is, the bigger chances are that your prisoners will do something stupid - what will affect your income. So you need to take care of their needs, don't infract their laws (lockdowns without reasons, or reasonless seraches are problem). They need to have good food, comfort, entertainment, and safety (so hiring too much ared guards will make them angrier), which is a bit too good for such scoundrels, isn't it? With game progress, you can unlock more features, like hiring K9 unit (guards with dogs), education, prison labour (making prisoners work for you), and so on.Game features much more things (like inteligence, allowing you to intercept contraband, and more), but writing about it would be pointless. This review would be too long, and that's not the point. So lets say about good and bad sides. Good thing is, that game is still in early access, and it's current form is great alredy. Playing it is (mostly) entertainging, but still there are some things that could be added, or improved. Theese are bad things: workers sometimes pass through the walls, you cant allow workers to open jail doors (so they need to wait for guard to come and open it, or for player to change door setting), or doctors  need to be sent to patients, not other way - which annoys me terribly, because if you wont notice that someone needs a doctor, he will die. And this doctor stays in his office. There should be a possibility to at least make him wander around the prison and heal everyone who needs it - and currently, you need to look for wounded prisoners/staff and send him to them. Apart of this, game is worth playing."
,Recommended,233450,18095283,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Dat Ain't Me,Build Your OWN PRISON! Played it for days great job Intervision Software. :)
,Recommended,233450,22715902,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Red,"Ever wanted to build your own prison? Well, Prison Architect takes that idealogy to new heights, featuring realistic requirements for prisons and prisoners. This game could only be better if it was 3D. Oh wait, theyre working on that too! Its easy for anyone to hop right into the game and set up your own prison, however, it takes practice to make a prison that lasts a long time. It seems just as you think you've done everything in the game, more things just get added in. Hot water, 3D mode, deathrow, executions, supermax, weather, map settings, land expansions, prisoner jobs, escape mode and much, MUCH more! I cannot stress enough how much I love this game, and thats not going to change anytime soon. The cost is $30 USD, but its SOOOO worth it. Stop reading this review, and buy this game right now."
,Recommended,233450,10705548,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,"one of the best game that ive ever played, this game is about creating your own ideal prisons that would not happen in real life. If you want to be a prison architect this game is a must buy :DUPDATE: the version one is a lot of fun with the new mode, escape thingy. fun stuff."
76561197995280480,Recommended,233450,15119352,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,AlPhA-SnAkE,"SHOW THOSE UNRULY, UNKIND, MEAN, GRITTY, STANKY, TURD MAGGOTS HOW LITTLE THEY TRULY ARE WITH PRISON ARCHITECT, THE GAME WHERE YOU DESIGN AND RUN YOUR OWN BRAND-SPANKING-NEW- STATE OF THE ART ""CORRECTIONAL"" FACILITYTHE GOODBuild your own prison however you like! Whether you like sending those inmates to 48 hours of solitary confinement for merely looking your direction or whether you believe in unicorns and adorn your prison cells with fluffy bunnies, prison architect allows the player to determine how harsh or soft they want to make it!Witness crazy riots and fights and control them with your guards!Frequent UPDATES!MUCH MORE, BUT IMA KEEP THIS SHORT AND SWEET, JUST LIKE THE SOUND OF MY PRISONER-WORKERS CRANKING OUT ENDLESS SUPPLIES OF LICENSE PLATESThe BadI've had some problems withsomebugs. They are getting fixed with each update. nothing too major that is gamebreaking, keep in mind.Kinda hard to make really good, efficient prisons that don't riot (but what's the fun in that?)Very addicting (is that a con?)My biggest problem is a part of the game mechanics, let me explain: Time passing= 1 second real time= 1 minute game time. This wouldn't be too big of a problem, but with really spaced out or large prisons, your prisoners begin having major time restraints eating and doing other tasks in the allotted time, and doing anything that involves walking too far. This however, can be avoided by intelligently laying out your prison. (unlike the dilapidated ones I sometimes make)OVERALL, THIS IS AN AWESOME GAME. 10/10 WOULD WORK WITH LADY JUSTICE AGAIN, and ""If you do the crime, ya gotta do the time."""
,Recommended,233450,14320279,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,fearrachshi,"Burned my prison down on the first try, Second try my prisoners stole weapons and killed half the prison.10/10In all seriousness though, this game is a wonderful simulator and let you really think about how to plan a prison out. It may take a few tries but the results are wonderful in the endDid I forget to mention that your own informants will snitch on themselves?"
,Recommended,233450,17051763,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Faria,10/10
76561198046773951,Recommended,233450,14378585,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,LoneWolf,"Day one - Looked into Prison Archithect, about 4pm in the afternoon, saw the images, thought it looked a bit poxy so figured i'd read the reviews.. Reviews were all delightfully outstanding. Figured 9,000 odd reviews can't be a company ploy to get you to purchase the game, so figured I would give it a shot.. Commenced downloading..Day one, download complete, 6.00pm - Started out on the game, completed the tutorial, found the interface, and abilities somewhat endless. Once I sussed out the way foundations worked (easy if you follow the tute) I was building en'mass in the creative mode where money is endless! Dealing with prisoners, throwing the lockdown alarm and searching cells, creating new buildings and solitary confinement, setting the meal plans and daily schedule, deploying response teams and patrols, what an amazing game! - Holy Crap, what's this in the extras, MODS!? Holy crap look at the fancy stuff I can have at the (free) click of a button via the mods page, how amazing! Let's build more!Day two, 11 hours later, 5.00am, meant to be at work in an hour, where the hell did all night go!? - Holy crap this game is sweet! I'm late for work! What the living hell happend to my night? I better get these guys into their cells then go to bloody work before I get fired!!!Weeks later, play this game for hours a day, it's fantastic! Don't judge by the images, you will be sadly missing out! GET IT!"
76561198210465484,Recommended,233450,20251261,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,thexgamer12345,"2 Prisoners were cleaning the outside of the prison. THEN SUDDENLY they got their circle fists out! I WAS SCARRED, but within 2 seconds they were knocked unconious by 4 guards! BEST GAME EVAR!!!SPecs: Hardrive: 500GB GPU: Intel HD CPU: Intel Celetron RAM: 4GbIt runs sooo smoothly I get about 56 FPS on average! I got Cities Skylines and that's only 6 FPS on average! SOOO PLEASED with this game. Story mode is good. Fun, addictive and awesome!One thing is that they should add more of a muti-player aspect! You can download other people's prisons, but it's not what I would want!"
,Recommended,233450,16304186,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Wince,"(11/06/2015):I really like how this game develop and progress.All simulation(s) balance aspect(s) are certainly actually not perfect in term of long term challenge (hard begining but if wood farm ""exploit"" and tend to be to easy medium long term if you don't run into lot of high security prisoneers) but sure thing is you can grab a lot of fun playing it. Also the concept behind is really entertaining and interesting.Keep it up keep it up devs ; )."
,Recommended,233450,9158193,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Nicolai,"This game is really fun. beware thats in alpha though.and DONT listen to the other guys, that say it has bugs and they never update it, THEY DO, actually nearly every month! and most games dont update that frequently..can you even program yourself? do you even know how games is created? or how to fix bugs in it? i do recommend it. and it doesnt matter if you buy it now or when its done, the only difference is that you get to play it earlier, and you get to experience the updates."
,Recommended,233450,9406764,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,John,"Brilliant game.Very fun and addicting at such an early age in development. Looks can be deceiving, this game is worth the money."
,Recommended,233450,23735486,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,X GON GIVE IT TO YA,"Prison Architect, a game made by an indie company (I think), where you build... A prison. And run it. Oddly, not as the Warden, because he's someone you can hire.You start off with about 30k, take a few grants, you have about 100k. You build up some cells, a yard, and a canteen, you bring in your first 8 prisoners or so, and you continue upgrading. It's as simple as that. Eventually, you sell your prison, and make an even larger one. Then, you make that one into a well-oiled machine, you start up another prison. Occassionally you go back into the old one to update it to the newer updates, and you continue on.As you can see, I've played it a fair bit. Would recommend.Also, I had the water-pump area catch on fire once. 10/10"
76561198082819461,Recommended,233450,27227778,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,shop keeper,Heartly recommend!!!Great simulation game with sufficient playability.
76561198022842004,Recommended,233450,27358745,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,t0aster,This game is hours upon hours of endless fun. Prison Sims!
76561198154107144,Recommended,233450,18421017,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Vaultboy101,awesome game.Im really into management games and prisoner architect  did a really good job shedding light on a new perspective in management games.
,Recommended,233450,10248255,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Ashbashbonkfan,"I love any game that lets you create and run your own world, whatever that world may be. Prison Architect seemed silly, interesting and, at first glance, seemed to possess enough versatility over how much of a challenge you can create for yourself that I thought it was worth a try.I can't say I'm disappointed- but Iwasfrustrated when I first started to play. This is because there are a bunch of small things that don't work quite right- for instance, sometimes you are unable to type in a name for the prison you're saving. Sometimes, your workers glitch and won't do a job, even though you have 20 and they aren't doing anything else. Sometimes, if someone dies, their body won't load onto the ambulance or hearse/ corpse wagon, whatever it is, so you literally have one guard who keeps trying constantly to get rid of the body, and does nothing else.Really. Nothing else.Now, having said what I've said, I'll add that yes, this game is in alpha, so it isn't done. Also, yes, bugs exist with any game- this, I fully understand, but there are a few other issues which make gameplay a bit clunky; first, a giant checklist taking over part of the left side of your screen, which can't be minimized. Also, this game seriously lacks guidance- you fly blind for the most part, and that's a bit offputting when you are trying to do something like, say, make a water pump system work, or figure out guard rotations. There's a shortage of tips, and since you hit the ground running when you first start to play, there isn't a great deal of time for learning curves.In addition to that, there's no clear way to understand what goes on with specific aspects of your prison, such as programs and classes- why, I asked myself at least 10 times, am I setting up a class with 7 interested and qualified inmates and the class remains empty, even though they have the time in their schedule for work??I could go on, but this is supposed to be a review, not a rant, and to be honest, all frustrations aside, this game is at least a little addicting. Though the glitches and inconveniences can be offputting, the fact is that the game itself is fun, has great potential, and, as I said before, provides a challenge. It's worth a look, and, yea, sure- it's worth the money, as long as the developers keep moving forward and improving."
,Recommended,233450,8537146,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Der Vorarbeiter,"Build your own maximum security prison, start a riot by beeing unlovely or let your prisoners do whatever they want. It's your choice!While it's still an Alpha this game runs perfectly smooth since the November'13 update. I would have never thought that designing a prison would be fun at at all. But it is! It took me over 30 hours of playtime to build a prison which is loved by it's containing 240 prisoners. They don't even start riots anymore! Continous cashflow makes me and the financé happy. So why not buy nearby lands to extend the prison? No problem, just do it!10/10!"
,Not Recommended,233450,32638285,Posted: 22 June,all,Byas,"ye its good, but they released a bunch of dlc for consoles and not for pc, so untill i see them its a negative :l"
76561198044110810,Recommended,233450,29465042,Posted: 24 January,all,BlooJJC,they invented time travel !!!!!! i was meant to work today.... meant to.
,Recommended,233450,11456125,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Art,Good game. But updates once a month it's too few. Needs more action.
,Recommended,233450,20493858,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,😈 𝐇𝐨𝐯𝐚𝐜 😇,Love it...love it ...love it .... this game is just perfect for me ...everything about it makes you want to come back and replay it again and again... very satisfied with what i spent on it totally worth it ... this game has some similarity's to the game called The Spatials ....i will be defiantly be uploading this game to my gaming channel with multiple videosCheck out my YouTube channel (Hovac One) & Gameplay Playlist hope you enjoy it:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Ow3DArGn8I&list=PL6SSkFqkg_mXImOkTeORcpQ4P9SkOb3c0&index=4
76561198030176685,Recommended,233450,8601859,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Kaustek,"Ever wanted to be a total♥♥♥♥♥♥to prison inmates?Here's your chance to live that dream.Really fun game, if you are into the tycoon/sim type games.It's well made. There are very few problems with the game even in it's current state of developement.It's fun, it's somewhat challenging, and it makes you feel better about society! :D"
,Not Recommended,233450,32641712,Posted: 22 June,all,plujoenium,I supported this game early. I played this for hundreds of hours. I told my friends. I gifted a few copies. And the devs give DLC to consoles only?! Extremely disappointing.
76561198063597808,Recommended,233450,24429292,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Butter Chicken™,I had to keep Activision's and EA's  CEOs along with Gabe in protective custody because all other prisoners wanted to♥♥♥♥♥♥and kill them but a good game Though
,Recommended,233450,7800416,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Slend,"Very awesome.Its in alpha.Understandable,Theres bugs.Understandable.This is what i love the heck out of! It shows the game things such as riots,Prisoners beating up guards,Guards beating up prisoners! And more! Best thing!"
,Recommended,233450,11527950,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,ezwip,"This is still in early access but worth the purchase. If you enjoy management/simulation type of games you can't go wrong. There is an economy, there are prisoners, and they love to stab each other. The graphics are lame in a SouthPark kind of way. Where it's so silly you like it. This little game will have you staying up too late very quickly."
,Recommended,233450,15301542,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,DedPixel,Overweight 28 year old prisoner served 24 years for manslaughter and tried to escape with a spoon.11/10
76561198053981763,Not Recommended,233450,25421162,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,vincentdavis63,"This game is a good time killer but I think there are too many bugs. For example, when I lay down a foundation to build another cell block, kitchen, etc, I get told that it is too dangerous. Too dangerous? My danger level is low, there is nothing going on to make it dangerous. On top of that my staff keeps getting caught up among each other that they cannot move so they sit there in a throng trying to get out of whatever invisible force field that is keeping them there. Play it at your own risk but be prepared to get annoyed. The makers said that they are not fixing any more bugs, so there you go."
,Recommended,233450,10377099,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,n8rates,"After putting a lot of time into a lot of different alphas, and a whole lot of failed and flawed prisons; through it all I'm still hungry for more ""Prison Architect"" because the content is as difficult and in depth as you want it to be. Even after you perfect your prison prowess it still takes effective planning and foresight to avoid the accidental riot during morning showers, or save the poor guy that gets beaten to death b/c someone didn't open a door in time for too many people.With the new grading system, extended finance program, Beurocracy web's increasing depth, and ability to actually BECOME AN INMATE this game provides enough angles to a truly fascinating and ever convaluted punishment system that blends black and white into whole new shades of convict grey."
,Recommended,233450,10117320,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Уuкɪ Cεℓεstε ♈,This game can cure your OCD problems. 10/10
,Recommended,233450,13479067,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Piggy Azalea,"This game is so deteailed (my spelling sucks) but this game is so amazing. The developers (Iv software) is so devoted to this game, they want to make it perfect. And my god they are doing a good job just cheak them out on youtube they update this game once a month NO MATTER WHAT. THEIR COULD BE NINE TORNADOS OUT SIDE THEIR HOUSE AND THEY WOULD STILL WORK ON UPDATEING THIS GAME. I trust this deveping team beacuse when they say we will bring nice good updates they mean it."
,Recommended,233450,9996261,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Desert Stargazer,"Prison Architect is great sandbox building game. The theme is the prison. Very great story and the introduction serve as both a basic tutorial and somehow a mini campaign mode. What makes this game stand out from its other sandbox game (or theme park building type of games) is the topic, and how a different a world can have different demands and needs. There are many things in this game that make you think of the jail system in general. The game ideas of the jail system do not affect the game play. Worth a try even in its current state, don’t miss it on sale if you love this type of games. The theme is good, can be gory if you let it, and the way it presented its choices is very fresh, and makes it stand out.I recommend Prison Architect if sandbox building/survival games entertain you."
76561198004367359,Recommended,233450,15923060,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Sargent Kane,"First review I have ever done on Steam. And to sum up my review at the start - fantastic game.I only got Prison Architect because it seemed like an interesting idea and my girlfriend wanted to see what it was like. As soon as I started playing I saw that this is something special. The developers do a fantastic job of balancing free-form gameplay with intuitive design. You are allowed to experiment without fear of a harsh and instant punishment as many simulation games tend to do. Yet, the (mostly) easy to read statistics and management windows allow you to understand the happenings of your prison so you know how well your strategy works.The only issues I find with the game are its lack of in depth tutorial. So far there only exists a short introduction but it only scratches the surface of the complexity and in-depth simulation that this game provides. Hopefully more tutorials will become available. Otherwise, through trial and error you can figure it all out yourself easily enough. Maybe even a campaign or scenario option would be nice.Despite these few omissions this is a fantastic game to anyone who enjoys a creative simulation. Even though it still is only in the early stages Introversion Software has had a great start and I look forward to seeing what they will be doing in the future."
,Recommended,233450,13773756,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,g2tegsown,It's lots of fun building and managing a prison. I played it for 7.5 hours straight the first time I played. If you like Sim/Tycoon style games and enjoy torturing the inmates then you will love it :)
,Recommended,233450,10887640,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ДДºBallGanda,You can waste unreasonable amounts of time play this game having funNow If I could just figure out what to put in my name in the game profile.
,Recommended,233450,10012368,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,sellingfear,"Not sure why I bought this game. I don't normally play building Sims, but im hooked. First few hours of game play is a lot of trial and error. Once you get the hang of it, you'll have a fully functioning prison up in running in no time."
,Recommended,233450,10647762,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Jargoons,"Prison Architect is fairly satisfying if you like building games, yet I feel the management / strategy aspect is still in its infancy. It also suffers from noticable bugs and lacks certain 'intuitive' interface features (like being able to zoom in at mouse point) that make the gameplay slightly awkward.But hey, it doesn't deny being a work-in-progress. There isn't much in the way of stopping it being a great game. As always with early access, you have to decide if lack of polish is a deal breaker for you. If not, you've got yourself a fairly enjoyable sandbox game."
,Recommended,233450,10725660,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Hilamonsta,"I can recommend this game simply becase its the only game out there that handles this topic with any sort of success.However, much like SimCity and other management games it can't get around one gameplay issue: the most interesting things that will happen in the game are the most detrimental to your success as a manager.  The successful prison in Pison Architect is one with no incidents, no weapons found, no extra punishment, etc.  You even get extra funding the longer you go without incidents.  The problem is that this is not entertaining or fun to have the prison with no issues because the vast majority of your fun tools as the manager are for reacting to serious incidents.  Bottom line: you're working to make yourself obsolete and you are constantly having less and less to do.  Not fun"
,Recommended,233450,11387355,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Eloxia,"Prison Architect ReviewProbably the best early-access game ever to hit Steam. Prison Architect is a creative sandbox game in which you build and manage a prison. The addictive concept, depth and easy to use interface makes this one of the most intriguing and enjoyable games I have played in a long time.The top-down presentation is simple yet superb. The user-friendly interface makes navigation simple and easy to use. There is quite a lot of stuff to do in terms of construction and designing so having such a well-designed layout of functions is crucial to this games brilliance. The strategic depth here is also incredible and the way you design your prison and how you manage prisoners happiness can be huge factors to your overall success.The bigger your prison becomes; the tougher it is to manage. Suddenly you have maximum security prisoners at your door and it's up to you to expand and enhance your prison to accommodate the influx whilst keeping people including staff and fellow inmates happy and safe. There is a considerable challenge here particularly when you grow your prison and the population. The level of depth in the design of your prison along with the management strategy aspect is simply staggering.Overall, Prison Architect is an amazing game even at alpha stage. It's polished and incredibly well designed in all areas. The developers have done an amazing job so far and this game will only grow further in months to come."
,Recommended,233450,11787034,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Jack,"Prison Architect is oneof my top games. I'm looking forward to the new alpha every month. If you looking for a game to record on youtube, pick this."
76561198039039453,Recommended,233450,10579945,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,oreo35,"A riot broke out in the showers, Naked prisoners took over the prison 11/10"
76561198073659360,Recommended,233450,8821100,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,The Jackman,You wanna make the world's most luxurious prison? Do it! You wanna torture people and watch riots like the cruel person you are? That can be done too- you sicko... Seriously though this is a great game
,Recommended,233450,9679372,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Kope,"Amazing game. Recommended. It's amazing how you just keep playing and playing and playing this game. You can't stop until your prison is just like you want it to be. Still have some bugs, but i think they will fix it very quickly. The prisioners biografy is amazin, very funny and interesting! Very much recommended."
,Recommended,233450,13245903,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,MindArkantos,Yogscast_Sips got me into the game. It's one of my favorite simulators.
,Recommended,233450,19964203,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,mad rabbit,"Excellent game for the cost with a facinating (refer to video developer diaries), open and most importantly active development.  Highly recommended!"
76561198196567705,Recommended,233450,20270955,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,λleksander,"Bought it on sale the summer of 2015.Played around with it for a few hours, some of the game is hard to understand, like how to re-do or delete stuff that you built, I managed to build a  pretty big prison after all, but then the prisoners started stabbing eachother and escaping, which made me mad, so I quit. Havent touched it since.Still, a very nice game, buy it if you like to build stuff and see your dreams of a big prison get destroyed in front of your eyes.10/10 would build a prison again. someday.."
,Recommended,233450,19891889,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Simon,"This game is the center of strategy and arcade. Its a simple, yet interesting game that is hard to put away! all audiences can enjoy this great game!"
,Recommended,233450,11598752,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,✪ Scutin Putin,Unique concept executed brillently 10/10
,Recommended,233450,10650098,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,shak_T☢ DX,"There I was, I had just put some money onto my Steam Wallet to prepare for the amazement that is the Steam Summer Sale, I was pondering for many moments, browsing the front page. I knew I wanted a game but which game. I'm on a Mac you see so not many games are available. Prison Architect was there though. I was questioning my mate  (I later found out that he had no previous experience with the game) and he just said ""If you want."" I responded with, ""Of course I want!"" And thusly proceeded to acquire Prison Architect in the usual fashion.I ordered a pizza and let the game download, presuming it would take my 'terrible' internet a while to download. I was surprised to find that the game was simply 150 MB in size and my 'terrible' internet was able to download it in a matter of minutes. I went onto it. Tried to change around with the settings, being in a Skype call and having the game sounds blaring into your ears wasn't the greatest thing. With that tweak well and truly sorted I moved on to play the game.The first thing the game asked me to do was to build an execution room and I was already excited. Have you always wanted to build a room to kill all those that wronged? Then this is the game for you! Having completed the introduction I thought I was ready to move onto larger and greater things... I've never been so wrong in my life before.I went onto load up a world in all it's default gloryness. Built the usual holding cell, office, canteen and kitchen. Proceeded to hire a warden, one million guards and two cooks. Then the normal risk prisoners arrived.I was there in all my naivety believing the guards would able to handle these prisoners... again, I've never been so wrong in my life before.Trying to pimp out the kitchen when a red sign pops up saying '1..2...3...4..5...6...7 prisoners escaped'. I immediately scanned the area, spotting out the escapees and bringing them back to justice. Turns out, the guards would rather fight a guy inside the holding cell as opposed to capturing those who flee. It was a dead end and I had to plow on.In the end, I just turned out to be really bad at the game and as much as I found it difficult it truly is an enjoyable game. I do recommend you buy it this sale or if not buy it whenever."
,Recommended,233450,8451111,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Mantorch,"Prison Architect is a great game, it's more finished than the alpha label indicates. It looks like it does not contain major graphics (speed) issues. Lighting is done very well and it looks slick. Gameplay wise there's a lot to come, can't wait."
,Recommended,233450,8573336,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,ooool,Despite only being hired as the architect they apparently want me to run the place as well. Bit miffed
,Recommended,233450,13691180,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Thicc bitchh,"Highly addictive and entertaining game, well worth it especially on sale. There are still quite a few bugs but you are able to work around them. My only real complaint with the game is that it starts off with a toturial level which gets you to build an execution room, however thats the only toturial you get and you are left to figure it out on your own after that. I had to restart my prison over many times because it is quite hard at first to understand how to build your prison and get it running most efficiently. It would be really helpful if they could add more toturial levels to help new begginers."
76561198006774834,Recommended,233450,8496682,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,The Smoking Fox,"Great game, few bugs but it is in Alpha still."
76561198052352352,Recommended,233450,16284558,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,76561198052352352,"Prison Architect is by far one of my favorite games. The developers are always on-point, and release monthly updates which you can find on the Introversion Software site.To sum up a quick review, the recent addition of Death Row has brought some major play changes to the game, along with a few new rooms being added. I go over several key features that have been implemented over the months in my review below.TL;DR:Death RowAutomationMail RoomCells now have a rating from 0-10 which allows prisoners more comforthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_puAw8rvDGc"
,Recommended,233450,14203035,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Jerotire,I approve.Great prison architecting/building/managing game and has an active modding community.There are a few quirks in regards to gameplay mechanics and bugs; but what do you expect from an Alpha :D
76561198065916823,Recommended,233450,10605420,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,LeggoGreggo8,Great Game build prisons to lock away all the naughty people in the world!
76561198078786703,Recommended,233450,10616850,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,[LAW] FrequentFalling,"This game is hard to get into, but ir's addicting when you do. I thought I was gona run a small prison for my first one and let it run for a bit, but there are a TON of possibilities for thing you can do, and the developers can add infinitly more at their discretion. This is  must-grab for the Summer Sale price it is now if you enjoy simulation games and are willing to giv it aa try for longer than an hour."
,Recommended,233450,20156104,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Czert,One of the best strategy games I have ever played. 11/10
76561198031090007,Recommended,233450,21789517,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Spinnifred,"I have been enjoying this game massively since the Early Access. This was one of my first Early Access games besides Don't Starve and it hasn't let me down. The developer has provided the community with regular updates and the community itself isn't getting tired of providing mods.I really enjoy starting new every once again, just to create a new layout for my prison. I feel like the UI is quite intuitive, creating a prison with the necessary rooms is easy. Tools like ""Cloning"" make it even easier to add already created rooms to your prison layout later on, if you need.There are a lot of different rooms like cells, holding cell, family cells (only for female prisons) and dormitories to ""store"" your prisoners, showers to fullfill their hygiene need, kitchen and dining halls to feed them.You can unlock more rooms later on by unlocking different perks by your staff members like Prison labour. This gives you the opportunity to let your prisoners work as janitors (cleaning the facility) or in a workshop or laundry to clean clothes and make licensing plates which can be sold. This way you can earn some extra money.Of course there are additional rooms just to make your prisoners happy and make sure they are not starting a riot quickly like a library, common rooms, visitor rooms or a shop.This game has a lot to it and if I would have to compare it to another game, it would be Dungeon Keeper. Of course, you are not luring monsters with your rooms, and your are not preparing to fight some white knight. But still creating the rooms and keeping your inmates happy somehow reminds me of the good old dungeon keeper times.I would full-heartedly recommend this game, if you are into building/management stuff."
76561198127678949,Recommended,233450,23639260,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Monomer,"Here`s a list of the things I love about the game.The developers are still releasing new updates after release.It has tons of replay value, I only have 100 some hours into the game but some people have thousands.It`s realistic but has funny concepts.The price isn`t bad at all, especially if you bought it in early access.The game is really up to your playstyle. If you want to give the prisoners an easy time in prison you can. If you want them to suffer, go right ahead. It`s all up to you.It has all kinds of backstories for the prisoners along with the convictions and so on.For such a simple looking game, it is more fun than most graphically enhanced games that focus more on story or the looks of it rather than gameplay. Prison Architect is all gameplay. If you like story based games, then it even has you covered with that. Check out the campaign.This review is just the tip of the iceburg, look at the other reviews in this if you still aren`t convinced to buy this game.8.5/10"
,Recommended,233450,13510032,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,진호,Really good game!
,Recommended,233450,24001301,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,LoneWalk3r™,"1 word only. FABULOUS! if you love strategy games and you want to have everything under your control,this is the game you really need!"
,Recommended,233450,17609097,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,VG Purist,"This game is good... very good.  It really satisfies the itch to build something up and watch it populate and grow before your eyes.  Though this game still has a fair share of bugs, it does not take away from the overall gameplay.   This is THE next thing.https://youtu.be/8AeWybPs18Q"
,Recommended,233450,20846048,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,t33nwolf,10/10 would shower in my prsion without soap on a rope
,Recommended,233450,10772998,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,CHIEFDAC,"This game is amazing and other people should buy it. Thirty dollars for it is a steep price for an early access game but it really is a fun game to play. Just wait for it to go on sale or bite the bullet whatever floats your boat!Ignore the last review with the spoons, they could use the spoons for an escape attempt.But it really is an entertaining game that everyone needs to play. You can build anything you want as long as you don't go bankrupt or cause a riot to occur, you can basically have a huge camp that has nothing but the minimum necessities for survival.Or you can give the prisoners the elegance of dining in a modern mansion marble floors and all!"
76561198045165670,Recommended,233450,13401771,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Sir Ruffington,"Absolutely fantastic game, a must have. The price is a little iffy, wait till it's on sale and grab it when you can9/10"
76561198031254429,Recommended,233450,21069205,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Olafr_the_Viking,"This game is amazing! I will happily recommend it to all who like city building/management/strategy games.Pros:- gameplay is fun!- good strategical elements that has to be combined into the right mix- easy to master, but a lot of depth and content to learn how to best implement- graphics are well done- building process is fast-paced but still quite realistically simulated- you need to hire a psychologist  (and he needs an office) to be able to see inmates needs (and start group therapy sessions)- and must hire a guard chief to be able to tell guard how to do their job- can schedule which activities make up the inmates day- the game works  (haven't encountered any bugs yet)- lots of optional goals in the campaignCons:- The game feels a bit repetitive after a while- To me, the replay value was not too highConclusion: 7 out of 10.Olafr blogs about modding and gaming:http://gamersparadiseolafr.tumblr.com/Follow Olafr the Viking Steam Curator for reviews of STRATEGY - RPG - SURVIVAL games:http://store.steampowered.com/curator/25341025-Olafr-the-Viking/Learn more about the Olafr Rating System (1 to 10):http://gamersparadiseolafr.tumblr.com/post/152254235900/olafr-the-viking-rating-system-1-to-10-olafrCompare this game’s rating to other games in the Olafr Rating History:http://gamersparadiseolafr.tumblr.com/post/152254318505/olafr-the-viking-rating-history-olafr-the"
,Recommended,233450,25294448,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,RotoGamer2826,"Lots of things to manage, lots of things to build.. but it's never overwhelming and its perpetually fun. The AI are smart enough to handle probably 95% of this without having to intervene. I highly recommend this game"
76561198152579480,Recommended,233450,25186875,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,amylase,"Really enjoyable game, a lot more addicting then what I expected!Just watch out for tunnels..."
76561198086826169,Recommended,233450,15615543,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,HighlifeJamtoe,Addictive and logical
,Recommended,233450,21651920,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,omega23gamma,Totally ADDICTIVE!!!!! I have to force myself away from my computer to take a break. Love the mods and the workshop items. Keeps your creativity active.
,Recommended,233450,20318580,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Quickr,Solid management game. Great for killing some time when you don't know what else to play.Easy to learn rather hard to master.
,Recommended,233450,6924210,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Coconut,4 prisoners shanked my guard and janitor to death with a spoon10/10 would watch spoon fight again
,Recommended,233450,10862564,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Jeremy Trefle,"Jeu de gestion de prison en 2D mais bien réaliste au niveau des fonction mais les graphismes sont en dessin animé mais le jeu est bien fait ; le jeu consiste a crée votre prison (bien sur il y a des prisonniers et des gardes, consierge , ouvrier .... etc ) Note personnel 17/20"
,Recommended,233450,16423449,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Sleepwell,"Finally got to lock up Jean Valjean and kill him during a riot, 10/10 would recommend to literally everyone."
,Recommended,233450,13565975,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Chade,"Re-reviewing this great little game. A top down Prison building/management simulation. You build a prison (duh) along with it's many amenities, then hire various staff, research upgrades, set routines for the inmates, thwart escape attempts, rehabilitate, treat and occasionally, fry these tiny misunderstood orange clad bodies with your custom built electric chair. You also have to keep the rest of the less troublesome inmates happy too, otherwise general dissent has a way of quickly escalating into a full blown riot. Leaving you with lots of blood (definitely hire cleaners) and lots of tiny orange guys with red holes in them, courtesy of your riot police. So build a morgue. Or keep them happy of course.The thing is, the more dangerous prisoners tend to give approximately zero f*cks about your agenda, since they all have their own little backstory and plans for the future. Some of the scum, sorry, inmates, think they're starring in the lead role of Prison Break and others appear to believe they're in The Longest Yard. I have a large morgue.Overall a fun engaging title. The best prison building/management game I've played, which admittedly isn't saying much considering the competition in this area. Being an early access game, official content is still relatively light on the ground and the game has little depth if you're an old hand at building/management simulations, but it does have a solid little Steam Workshop community going on. This is one of the few early access games actually worth coming back to from time to time."
,Recommended,233450,10681357,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,我不想,"bit buggy, but i daresay its brillianti must admit, i was skeptical about this but after the big sale, i chose to ""splash out""got it and player non stop many hours, longer than most of my games infact (18+hours)the graphics are nicegameplay is wide enough so you have options although their needs to be more unlockables etcits hard as you go along but it has a steep but shallow learning curveanother nice touch is the funny original and unique biographiesgameplay: 8/10graphics: 7/10sound: 7/10value for money: 10/10re-playability: 10//10bug free: 6/10originality: 8/1056/70 - very goodverdict: worth the money, buy it"
,Recommended,233450,11546115,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,TheNiceGuy,i think this game is amazing so i recommend this game its really fun. xD
,Recommended,233450,10882832,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Morrowgamer,This game is stupidly addicting! GAH! I've only had it for a couple of days and already put almost 20 hours into it!
,Recommended,233450,10648881,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,jotpeevau,"Awesome game, a lot of creative freedome. Gimme more!!"
76561198137210227,Recommended,233450,14595927,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Leeroy Jenkins,Its is a creative game where you choose how your prison look and work.I love it
,Recommended,233450,12212951,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,modboy84,"Fantastic simulator game, while it's had a slow beta and upbringing the development team behind it has done a great job with adding features and patching bugs when they see fit, If you like sim/builder games this is a must play."
,Recommended,233450,9973391,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,SpookyMarbles,"I really like this game! It's intuitive, has an easy to use interface and is slightly addictive. However I'm very annoyed that less than a week after buying it it FINALLY goes on sale - for 33% of the usual price! I had been waiting months for the price to go down or for it to go on sale but hey - a watched pot never boils. :("
76561198074504990,Recommended,233450,12228368,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Car Stereo,An amazing game to kill time and to have fun. Modding community is awesome and the updates change the game to add more hours.
,Recommended,233450,13742072,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Omega,Made a starter prison.Forgot lights.Forgot to lock doors.All my prisoners walked to freedom without me seeing.10/10
76561198116288622,Recommended,233450,15874934,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,The Ottoman Empire,"A prisoner had 2 months for video game piracy. 1 month into his sentence he hoards spoons and starts a riot that kills 10 prisoners and 3 guards, he was finally shot by an armed guard. Why? Logic, that's why."
,Recommended,233450,15878315,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Hockquan,This is an example of an excellent game.  And that is all I have to say right now.
76561198049554466,Recommended,233450,13802750,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Bad Touch,I love this game this is so fun its easy to sit there and spend hours and not even notice
76561198073225336,Recommended,233450,14003067,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,START UP THE ROTORS,This game is like having kids in the sense that no matter how much you feed them they're still going to be hungry and will try to kill you.10/10 Family Simulator of the year
,Recommended,233450,13094119,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,NotNotCoalter,"Such a good, addicting game :)Well worth your money, especially if it's on sale"
76561198132261690,Recommended,233450,16786041,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Ben,Please add soap.
,Recommended,233450,9336864,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,ApolloLV,"Incredible game that drags you in, won't let you go. After some time, you start to worry about your prisoners. You just want to make life better for the minimum security prisoners that follow your rules, although there is just no reason yet to do so. But you still want to, and that displays the magic of this game."
,Recommended,233450,16610113,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,NT4AH03,"Prison Architect... Is it a master piece or a mediocre game read and find out below!First let me start out by saying this game is still in development so this review is bound to change when the game is completed but for now this is going to be my opinion on it. Prison Architect has its good side and its bad side as well i will be starting off by listing the cons first and then the pros afterwards.Cons.1.   You will get some extremely trouble some prisoners while you are playing this game. They will kill many of your staff and or prisoners in the process of them throwing their little eveing fits while in solitary for killing 5 of your guards as punishment. There really needs to be a drop down box to change their role from supermax to death row that way their reign of destruction is put to an end.2. The punishment system is very limited in what you can do to inmates when they commit a new felony or offense. The only two options you have is solitary or locking them down in their cells for how ever long you deem fit.3.  The U.I is organized but can be troublesome if you dont know where to look for certain features.4.  The $30.00 price tag is asking a bit much for the content that is provided in game as of right now. Even with mod content the game lacks some crucial items and objects ( no diversity all your prison rooms will look the same in one way or another.)5.  There is no quick build option for construction of your prison. Even with a worker force of 100 plus buildings can take a few minutes to get up an running.6.  After building your prison there isnt really much more to do with it other than watch your little ant farm work like clock work.Side Note. (There is a really annoying glitch where your workers and other members of your staff get stuck and will not perform their tasks at hand.  Only way i know to fix this glitch is by saving and quitting out and reloading the prison.)Pros1.  Building a working and well functioning prison gives you a sense of accomplishment. Makes you feel like you acheived something great.2.  Inside Prison Architects  core game there is mini game type stuff that you can do to keep busy (Busy work).Such as tidying wires up so they are not a huge mess  laying down pipes and electrical cables connection for your cameras to your monitors. etc...3. There is a C.I System within the game which allows you to get prisoners in distress to pretty much spy on other prisoners and rat them out. They will tell you where drugs, weapons, high probabilty assassination targets are that need to be protected. This adds  a new layer of fun gameplay to your expirence.4. You start off with a good amount of land in the start of your game. Which you can later upgrade into a bigger plot of land if you have enough cash to buy additonal plots to expand your prison.5. Challenging but solid game play. This game offers a decent amount of depth in the menus for the behind the scenes type of stuff. Such as scheduling classes for your inmates so they stay educated, work shops for prison labor, fully flexible scheduling for all prisoners, grants to earn you money by completeting tasks. ETC..6. Prison Architect has unique graphics, they are very cartoony and 2D but it does not take away from the actual gameplay of the game it self. It is still grim and gruesome even with cartoon graphics.Now for the final rating of the game... Even though the game is fun and challenging it does get kind of boring after you built your prison and can expand no more.  So i recommend starting a new prison after you are done with one and it will keep you occupied for the time being.Prison Architect is still in alpha and is pretty sturdy but due to the lack of content and the asking price of 30$ as is.. im going to have to give the game a final rating of a 7.5/10 Above Average wait until its on sale though.{UPDATE}The devs added a new random event sytem to the game and gangs since the last post of this review and those 2 major updates along with the shops as well makes me give this game a 9.0/10 an awesome game and a good amount of content."
,Recommended,233450,16685528,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Dr.Bluntazar,"I don't always receive a snitch,but when I do,he gets killed within an hour."
76561198040323960,Recommended,233450,4648416,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,Wubs4Scrubs,"From shivs in showers, to riots breaking out in the canteen this game offers the true prison experience. Have you ever been thinking to yourself and thought,  ""Huh, that would be a really cool prison layout"" well, this game brings that thought to life. While this game is buggy as hell, and often you'll be screaming at the AI for their stupidity, this game is still very fun. Plus you know it's an early accsess game so nothing is supposed to be perfect."
,Recommended,233450,17950441,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Twisted,"The only disappoiting aspect of this game is that i haven't seen any of the really cool bugs.  In fact, the game just sits and runs while I work.. and then when no one is looking I add to my prison, or watch a riot, or place more armed guards, or crowd the prison and seal off the yard.. or..or..It's fascinating watching the prisoners and staff interact. I genuinely find myself wanting to help some of them reform while hoping others get shanked.Even in alpha, this game is more polished then other 'finished' sim games on the market.Just buy it.. you'll see.Edit:Now that the game is out of early access, I can say that I'm actually proud that by buying it while it was still in development, I supported the company.  If the dev's never put another hour of their lives into Prison Architect, it will continue to be a fun, dynamic and infinitely replayable game that has permanent place on my hard drive.In a perfect world, prisons would be saved to the cloud so you work on them between machines.  As far as I know they are only local saves at the moment.. unless I missed an update.9/10"
76561197971371448,Recommended,233450,29181168,Posted: 11 January,all,Lixy,I have loved this game since the early alpha's and i still love this game!You like to bulid 10/10Manage 9/10random disasters 10/10difficulty scale 10/10Loved orange is the new black 10/10Steam Worlshop 10/10Then just buy it because you will Love it!
76561198058433290,Recommended,233450,26568482,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Xuvin,"Fantastic game, you will lose hours and every time you rebuild you will do better than the last, thinking of tactics to deture rioting. Learn from you mistakes when a riot literally becomes uncontainable because of poor design decisions. Weigh risk vs reward when deciding what to do next. 10/10"
76561198325176856,Recommended,233450,29181447,Posted: 11 January,all,moutianmen10,Its a great game
,Recommended,233450,25589639,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,TheLeer,I bought this game because of Sips.RIP Sorsby.
76561198110283351,Recommended,233450,21115232,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Spider-Man,"I was playing Escape Mod for the first time.it was a normal day in the prison, i already have my gang of 7 people.One day, when the new prisoners came, and of course we were always trying to escape by waiting infront of the main gate that is heavily guarded and so i thought, the moment that goddamn gate opens, we were already free men..As the door opens, i used one of my men to distract an Armed Guard by stabbing him to death, it worked but of course reinforments came and we were already across the hallway getting tazed. A few more steps to the main door...Woke up on bed after being tazed. Lost 2 good men. But that wont stop me from trying again"
76561198011488033,Recommended,233450,19986451,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Happysnacklord :D,"One of the most amazing games i have ever owned. Build a prison, try to manage the prison, then get called by the warden that you are fired. If you make your prison too big, then the prisoners will go crazy because they cannot go to the different areas in time. If you make it small they will either be happy or want more space to feel more free. There are a lot of different options and different things you can do with your prison when you feel it is fully builg. You can start programs for the prisoners like teaching them how to cook so they can make food during work time. There are a lot of things you can do with your prison. I would give this game a 10/10 IGN RockPaperShotgun BillGates Obama LordGaben."
,Recommended,233450,20145478,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Almost Useless Penguin,Played escape mode on an old prison I built.Became a God with over 1000 rep points.Could get over 100 rep points per attack.All the walls were stained with the blood of my enemies.Dilon is dead from all the times I went into his cell and beat him up (RIP).Could leave at anytime using my amazing.All (well most for some reason some of them were still not) of my gang members were max security.Have had multiple riots because I starting attacking something (thats what you get when you have 11 people with instegator).Could kill in one hit sometimes (thats what you get when you have 11 people with deadly).Called the gang Levee's 11 (or whatever my guy was called). EDIT: Levers' 11 (who calls their kid Levers?).Takes about 128 rep points of recruit.Only one of my gang members died (and it wasn't by electric chair).Also Dilon is still dead (D:).
,Recommended,233450,20704765,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,ℬαттʟ℮кḯłłεя2000,"Ok, so im not good at writing reviews, but here you have a brownie recipie.Step 1: Choose a brownie recipeWhen searching for the best brownie recipe, first consider the texture you hope to achieve: Do you like fudgy brownies or cakey brownies? In many brownie recipes, the proportion of flour to other ingredients is significantly less than in other baked goods. Reduce the amount of flour to make your brownies dense, fudgy, or rich. If you prefer brownies with a cakelike texture, look for brownie recipes with more flour. Some cakelike brownies contain milk or buttermilk, making their texture more like rich, fluffy chocolate cake.Step 2: Chop chocolateOf course, you can't make chocolate brownies without chocolate. Using a chef's knife, coarsely chop chocolate bars or squares on a cutting board. Chopped chocolate melts smoothly and evenly, and it won't scorch. Some recipes call for making brownies with cocoa powder. Both are delicious and easy ways to make chocolate brownies.Step 3: Melt chocolate and butterPlace the chopped chocolate in a saucepan.Cut up the butter and add it to the saucepan with the chocolate.Heat and stir over low heat until all of the chocolate and butter is melted and the mixture is smooth.Remove the saucepan from the heat, and let the chocolate mixture cool. This mixture will serve as the chocolate base for your brownie recipe.Step 4: Stir in sugarAdd the sugar to the melted chocolate and butter. Stir with a wooden spoon until the sugar is completely mixed into the chocolate and butter.Step 5: Add eggsAdd the eggs one at a time. Stir vigorously with a wooden spoon after each addition until the egg is completely incorporated into the chocolate mixture.Beat in the vanilla with the wooden spoon.Step 6: Add flourIn a separate bowl stir together the flour and baking soda.Add the flour mixture all at once to the chocolate mixture.Step 7: Mix batterGently stir the brownie batter until the flour is moistened.Use a heavy-duty rubber spatula to scrape the sides and bottom of the saucepan.If desired, stir in chocolate pieces or chopped nuts.Step 8: Bake, cool, and frost browniesGrease your baking pan or, if desired, line it with foil for easy removal. Spread the brownie batter in the prepared pan.Bake brownies as directed in the recipe. Most brownies bake at 350 degrees F for 25 to 35 minutes.Let the brownies cool completely in the pan on a wire rack.If you want frosted brownies, wait at least an hour after baking to be sure the brownies have completely cooled.Prepare the frosting. Chocolate-lovers may enjoy brownies with chocolate frosting, but we also recommend a simple vanilla frosting, cream cheese frosting, or even rich peanut butter frosting. Use an offset metal spatula to frost the brownies while they are still in the pan. Cut the finished dessert into bars, serve, and enjoy!(I got in prison for copy and pasting this)"
,Recommended,233450,16840784,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Fasterbabs™,This game rocks :D Just go ahead and buy it :)
76561198007420356,Recommended,233450,13454855,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Aboriginal_Koala,"Good game, keep the updates comming!10/10"
,Recommended,233450,11107280,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Swaghetti Yolonase,"What an age we live in, where I can watch my prisoners do a poo in thier cell and then attempt to kill a guard with it"
76561198135075732,Recommended,233450,14314632,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,kdlmp1,"What can I say? I am addicted to this game. It's an amazing game, the developers update every month either adding content or fixing bugs.I had a prisoner named Heisenberg, and he constantly kept beating up other prisoners, he would get knocked unconcious be brought to a medical bed, get healed by the doctor, get better and take the doctors needles and stab everyone. He now has like 6 murders on record since he's been in my prison.It's just awesome!"
,Recommended,233450,12442884,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Erucolindo,The game reminds me more of Dungeon Keeper than other games that aren't like Dungeon Keeper.
,Recommended,233450,3339197,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Menphues,"Top top top top top top fun.If you enjoy a building game then this s the game for you.It gets complicated and busy when you start trying to manage high security prisoners. It is worth every single penny you pay for it.It has some smart mechanics in the game. Very nice and very neat.Like one is having a door open or close to the working prisoners... They will drop their stuff and make a dash for the door to escaple.  Pipes not set nice will cause them to dig a way out and not watching them will make them sneak stuff in and out and plan escapes, seriously love this aspect of the game.So much fun with this game.The graphics might be crap but the gameplay is so fun you forget about it and enjoy it for what it is.At the moment building a prison over 50 people it is a lag fest no matter the PC.I cannot say anything bad about it apart from the lag which is being fixed.I love building, I love managing this, it is funny when the prisoners try to escape. You want you will not regret buying this game."
,Recommended,233450,2662486,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Zoalord,"even I liked the game, it has A MILLION BUGS!"
,Recommended,233450,9270853,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Seaᶠᵘᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ✖,This game is great really fun so much to do and personally my prison really feels like my prison its fun and i suggest it for all people who like sandbox or just building game in general.
,Recommended,233450,14318972,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Aura,"Such an amazing game, love playing it for hours on end. Highly recomend."
,Recommended,233450,7642822,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Dr. Bhatnagar,This is a very impressive game only in the early alpha stages. It is really worth buying it! If you don't have it you are missing out something big!
,Recommended,233450,9867686,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Real     og   dudess  o nly,I love prison architect i came on the monitor
,Recommended,233450,17068781,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,TheMadCapper,Put Conan O'brien and Adolf Hitler in Supermax solitary. 10/10 would do again
76561198054627562,Recommended,233450,20154391,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,george_p55,Punched a toilet... everybody got mad thus a riot was created! More than 20 officers prisoners dead and i am sitting in my cell minding my own business !
,Recommended,233450,18356816,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,yoyopapayo,"You get to direct your very own season of Prison Break!Long story short this is a city-building, simulation strategy game where you build cells for prisoners and keep them healthy, well, fed and prohibited. There is more than meets the eye and is a sumptuous, delicious meal for those craving the need for micro-management, while satisfying those who simply just want a casual experience. Hours upon hours of content and layers upon layers of well-rigged, well-made UI makes the game incredible and one to check out for."
,Recommended,233450,15262807,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,[Comm.] A. Jack 101,"Great game. I got into the Alpha, I purchased the Name in the Game. Already made 2 prisoners. It is very addicting and fun,  I should probably get to doing homework at SOME point. But not now I'm busy building a prison :D"
,Recommended,233450,15243141,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Commander of the old games,Fantastic Game Highly Recommended
76561198111391757,Recommended,233450,15253268,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Battlehammer1,"I absolutely must recommend the game, I love it (as you can tell from how long I have played it for) and it is simply great. The development team has consistently released new alphas that have always improved the game massivley. I love the graphics and they can be run easily by most computers well, the interfaces are user friendly and the controls were pretty easy to pick up. Some things I would like to see added to the game would be the ability to select certain personalities for your prisoners, the ability to turn off certain needs (e.g. Spirituality) and some form of iron man mode.  In spite of this this game is still well worth the cost and I am certain it will get ever better in the future."
,Recommended,233450,13758525,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Solomonosaurous Rex,"I love this game so much! It takes time to get used to how to play the game and what certain things do.  It is EXTREMELY complex and requires the player to keep trying different strategies and combinations.This game is one of my favorites of all time so think about this: if it is this good now, in early access, think how amazing it will be when it is officially released! :D"
,Recommended,233450,13771676,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ElevatedThought86,"I got to saw I was a little hesitant to intially buy this game being it's still in development and all. But already it could pass off as a finished product. The developers of this game have done an amazing job, and they constantly up date and address feedback to make it even better. For those on the fence about this game or unsure if it's worth it. Get it, it's well worth it. Amazing how easy it is to get into the gameplay where minutes turn to hours without even noticing."
,Recommended,233450,16825962,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Quinn,awesome game!
76561198214144521,Recommended,233450,23822836,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,OMELETTE,awesome!
,Recommended,233450,7184180,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Civil-Protection,"This is one of my most favoured games of all times and is in fact the one game that lead me to steam. I do think that there monthly updates are amazing and show the true dedication of the Intro-Version Software, I also see the games full potential and how fast it is being reached and overtook as the creators have truly made the best (early access) prison simulation/management games out there on the market.I truly without a doughty believe you should invest in this game as it far beats any other prison management based game out there, and I hope you have found this review help full to getting the game and becoming a member of the growing community of the IV software."
76561198002518859,Recommended,233450,17324934,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,RedStar,"Great tycoon game. Alot to take in at once, but offers a high level of micromanagement and customization. Developers are rolling out solid patches at least once a month or so. Definitely buy this game."
,Recommended,233450,9743331,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,R16RACA,"Absoloutely Fantastic. This game is above and beyond the typical 'early access' game, so much so that apart from the occasional crash, you would think it was a finished game. If you like simulation, designing, micro-management then this is definately the game for you. It had me hooked in minutes. If you get lost, theres always helpful youtube and wikis"
76561198017375624,Recommended,233450,25291400,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Valkin13,"This game is just incredible. For the price, it is a bargain even when not on sale. I've been playing it since the early access release. The depth of the simulation is ground-breaking and much more complex and satifying than games in the Tropico franchise, which is perhaps the closest example. The game works because of fun gameplay. But its genius is in the AI - which is both simple and elegent, because the individual prisoners, workers and guards all respond to each other. You don't really control them. They do things within the environment you give them and they will interact with each other on their terms, sometimes violently. Watching the prison life has kept me hooked for hundreds of hours.Despite the fun cartoon graphics, this game is serious in the themes it tackles. It simulates the business model of running a private prison. You can be a real♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game, just like many real-world private prison operators. The more extreme you play and the more corners you cut, the more conflict will arise between prisoners and guards. There are so many factors that determine what happens in your prison - resentment grow, fights break out sporadically and can escalate over time into protests, riots and full blown prison rebellions. You can keep striving to make things better for the prisoners, or clamp down on them. Repression works. Except when it doesn't. Total rebellion is the best thing to watch play out. I love this game because it shows how power and authority are never complete or total even in a controlled environment like a prison. Your rule can be undermined, resistance can escalate and all hell can break loose when people are denied basic life needs and pushed too far. Get this game and break rules, play evil. Do nasty stuff to see what happens, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,233450,16770787,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Eevertti PrayForVegas,10/10 Buy this and i just warn you!U will get ur♥♥♥♥♥stuck into this game :DThe name does not tell everything about the game u can control the prison you have build etc . wont spoil anymore check it out !
,Recommended,233450,7340422,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Ahoy,"Prison Architect has been progressing very nicely through its alpha stages (owned since Alpha 14) and I must say I'm always impressed with every new update. New features, new systems, new rooms, new furniture, new models, etc.The name says it all, you design, construct, develop and maintain your prison while housing, feeding, regulating, and disciplining the prisoners, and while managing your staff. (janitors, lawyers, groundskeepers, cooks, accountants, and more). There are a ton of options available to you to customize your facility to be exactly how you want it.Keep up the great work developers![Originally Posted: 8 October, 2013, edited: 21 February, 2015]Edit [October 15, 2015]: Game is now out of Early Access!- Been playing it more now that it's fully released, and I'm still very happy with the game and my purchase. Can easily sink hour after hour into Prison Architect."
,Recommended,233450,13506420,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Dank Vinci,"I'm shocked this is in Alpha still, this game is overly qualified to pass as finished becuase of how good it is"
76561198007582874,Recommended,233450,30408300,Posted: 9 March,all,sharpe434,"Iv'e just realised iv'e been playing this game too long and got a headache lol.Very good game, very underated and very addictive,  my only gripe is i wished you could edit the prisoners names and bios, big shame that.8/10"
76561198026397355,Recommended,233450,17313381,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Muppination,Good little Tycoon like game that will keep you entertained
,Recommended,233450,14663527,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Mooel,Yes.
,Recommended,233450,11001931,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,The Shadow 363,"I remember seeing this game around, a year ago, lets say, it was good then, but it's even better now. Maybe not EVERYONE likes this game but, the amount of DETAIL put into this game is just, amazing.The game is about running a prison, and it sticks by it, your prison is in your hands, BUT, my favorite part, is that it's not FULLY in your control.Sure you can assign patrols and use non lethal, but VERY effective tools to placify an inmate. But even with that, you will always get TERRIFIED if one prisoner starts rioting, and they take out a weapon, the guards can fight them, but they attack OTHER inmates, then its the matter of getting a guard ASAP to the area, or risk a life or 2, and recently, when the ability to FAIL was added, suddenly you couldn't let the inmates escape or let a riot go on for too long, which made it MORE intense when a riot broke out.The developers themselves are probably the most best ive ever seen, they never get off track with other ideas, as explained in one of their videos, but, they take ideas from all the players, and get the community and, are now working to wipe most of the bugs out of the gameAs mentioned before, not every person may like this game, partly because of the amount of patience needed, but, i dont care, in my opinion, also, the freedom of the modding community is perfectThis game, takes the idea of running a prison, and strategy, and mashes it up into one game, would i reccomend it, OF COURSE, i have put hours, not only building my OWN prison, but downloading others, huge riots, fires, and a prison built for 16 must quickly be adjusted for 45!You dont have to, but to sum all of this up in 3 words, they would be: BUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,233450,24200042,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,AKARI,mantap gamenya bikin nagihhahahacuman maish bingung sama sistem pintu otomatisnya
76561198067414807,Recommended,233450,25607605,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,schmidtzypedia,Great game with near infinite replayability. It also has some pretty good mods if you get bored.
76561198087038825,Recommended,233450,10065184,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Darren Tapley,"I would highly reccomm,end this game as it has many fun features and almost fells like a compleat game even though it's an alpha. Sure it may have a bug here and there but they are barley noticeable and do not impact gameplay. The Dev's are doing a great job to constantly update, patch and add new features to this allready wonderful game."
,Recommended,233450,21533990,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Tropican555,"So, I made a nice prison(and by nice I mean I named used LUXURY Prison in the save name), prisoners were happy, no incidents in 17 days, and the I saw that the Prison needed expanding...Here is the chain of events:-Builds Wall around prison-Forgets to put STAFF doors in the wall and demolishes it in one area-All, and I mean ALL, of the prisoners ran towards the hole in the wall-99.9% of them see the guards there and go back to the Canteen-00.1% of them keep running-The one prisoner escapesAnd now its not a Luxury Prison anymore."
76561198053647041,Recommended,233450,17074954,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Charles the Bald,"Duncan Scales was not a nice man.He had committed horrific crimes of violence.He had destroyed lives.Not only of his victims,But the friends and families of his victims as well.For his crimes Duncan Scales was sent to prison for a very long time.Duncan Scales' family came to visit.His wife, 6 year old son and 4 year old daughter.On the way to see his family,Duncan Scales was attacked by 4 other prisoners.They murdered Duncan Scales.None of the prison staff wanted to be the one,To tell his family that daddy wasn't coming.The prison staff ignored Duncan Scales' wife and children.Eventually, the family of Duncan Scales left.This game has feels.Disconcerting and sometimes uncomfortable feels."
,Recommended,233450,18368353,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Hunter,Really great  management sim. Fully worth its price.
,Recommended,233450,21902685,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,cake.,"Fantastic game.That's the short version. A longer version is that this game has brought me some really good times. It's a very pleasant and satisfying sim with many great features that create huge depth for this minimalistically stylized game.Just when you think that you have the perfect, most stable running prison in the world, the inmates take advantage of your arrogance and point out the flaws in your system and kill the mole that was supplying you with information about gangs and escape attempts. This hurts your prison's value, you walk on the razor's edge of being halled off to jail yourself for criminal negligence. For being a sim game it actually brings a huge element of a power struggle between you and the inmates. No other game has played on my ego as much as Prison Architect.The devs have put in a lot of time and hard work in this game and it doesn't seem like they are about to stop. Even after the 1.0 release they keep updating with new features and balances that make the game more enjoyable, more intricate, and pushes the ""end-game"" portion slowly out of the equation.Each build of this game makes your prison more and more into a living, breathing world. You easily forget about the minimalistic (but beautifully designed) sprites and look at your population and staff as real people.The AI's actions feel planned out and specifically designed for the prison that you built yourself. Back to the drawing board.A must-have for any fan of management games."
,Recommended,233450,17605546,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Doctornotyep,Builds a good prisonExtremely dangerousGenerator touches water and explodesFire destroys half the prison88 people die in the fireMost are workmen and guardsGets fired for criminal neligilenceGets firedSo many cars I get stuck in traffic for about 3 days
,Recommended,233450,14426626,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,IonStorm,Sim City: Prison Edition
,Recommended,233450,18886221,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Sleek Weezles,I can't stop designing cell blocks...efficiency damn it! Someone bring me some coffee...and some graph paper >_>
,Recommended,233450,12426654,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Kalma ☂,A damn fun gamn that makes the hours fly by
76561198021913126,Recommended,233450,13790135,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Neverswatafly,"I bought it, couldn't get off. Don't be mistaken though while this game is great, and the concept even greater, it truly IS an early version of it. If you don't like bugs don't buy it, Do I enjoy it? YES."
,Recommended,233450,13480204,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Cluffy,hundreds of prisoners riotedcalled in swatswat diearmed guards on fire modeall prisoners die.10/10 would spoon
76561198046889113,Recommended,233450,15369435,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Phox-Populi (Rez),"If you want a game where you will have..-5 Deaths in the first 2 days-Drugged up prisoners who defecate on the cafeteria floor-Constant prisoners falling unconcious due to blood loss-Angry prisoners who fall unconcious are taken to med bay healed then grab scissors and stab your guard-Escapes on the first day-Freetime meaning anywhere you dont mark as staff only....ANYWHERE-Guards who unlock doors for anyone-Making your prison 24/7 work-Making cells 1x1-Spazmatic gardeners-Chefs who wont cook (lel)-And MANY MORE great features, then this game is 5 you, I sure enjoy it 12/11"
,Recommended,233450,15440560,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,PenguinWithKnees,"One time I had 60 prisoners  waiting for a cell, and the one guy that did have a cell tried and failed to escape 6 times. The 7th time i just let him go, and waved as he used his short stumpy legs to run out of the prision."
,Recommended,233450,18738885,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,DMZoldar,"I play this game ocassionaly and everytime I do is very easy to get stucked on it hours and hours.It works in both ways, you can do the best prison that makes any paradise island seems a ghetto, or you can do the worst prison that makes the most dangerous undersiege city seems a kindergarden.You can get devious so easily, making dark places at corners and corridors, placing things where inmates can get stuff to be turned in deadly DIY knives.This is not a prison simulator only, it's more a god game, when you handling hordes of maximum security inmates in gangs, you must decide who have more changes to survive by relocating his cell, adding more guards to routes, or simply not making mafia hitmen be with white neck criminals at the same time in the canteen when the kitchen is so easy to reach with its pletora of sharpen stuff."
76561198105807301,Recommended,233450,23761020,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,dirtycough,"10/10 - Gamre play and features continue to improve as developers respond and listen to the user community.  Liked this game from the start but it continues to get better.  I feel it is worth the full price, but if it is on sale than it's a no-brainer: GET IT.Essentially, you can decide whether you want to have a female or male prison, different security levels, challenges (To have Gangs or not to have Gangs), etc.  You can decide whether to reform through punishment or fostering development."
76561198143095843,Recommended,233450,23761219,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Benji_20120,one of the best games ive played this year10/10 awesome game
,Recommended,233450,23764734,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Han Solo,I started playing all the way back to the alpha versions and it was alredy great back then. It has only grown and I hope to see it grow even more.
,Recommended,233450,16406340,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,wildspartanz,"At first when I launched this game, I was like ""Damn"" this is hard! But it took me about 20 minutes to master the mechanics and I got used to it. GREAT GAME! But not worth $30. This game is truly worth about $10, $15 max! If you are looking into this game get it on a sale I know I did! (I got it for $5 :P)"
,Recommended,233450,15568833,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Bad Meme,Don't read this...Just buy the game
,Recommended,233450,23908964,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Adolar,Great Game! We Need More Games Like This! :D
,Recommended,233450,9674712,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Ocean Blac,My one true love in life: Prison Architect
,Recommended,233450,16416113,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,RealJorjiCostava,Cheese
,Recommended,233450,23919863,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,bread detective,Yes it is very good.
,Recommended,233450,32886867,Posted: 27 June,all,Lizurd,I played this game for 40 hours within 20 days. I afraid to pick it up again.
,Recommended,233450,13945750,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Lumoize,"Amazing Game. A Great Modding Community, Great Developers, I Love It. Would Recomend This Game To Anyone."
,Recommended,233450,13440590,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Target,"This game is so much fun, and they're still updating. It's one of the few things that holds my attention for any length of time."
,Recommended,233450,10004582,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,erfan,Very addicting game! It's also fun but it gets boring a little if you keep playing for a long time! Even without a soundtrack.But I would definitely recommend it to others! Awesome!!
,Recommended,233450,14413825,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Jirarf,"Considerably better than it looks!If you're into sim / management style games then give this a go. I've only played this game once so far, but it lasted for 7 hours..Pros-Strangely addictive-Very funCons-Early Access, ie unfinished.-Incredibly time consuming."
76561198119600839,Recommended,233450,15587234,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,yungGroceryBag,"Its kinda like the escapists, but its not. 11/10"
,Recommended,233450,33749446,Posted: 23 July,all,Derpasaurous,"This game is great, and I highly recommend it. Its a great game to pick up and no life a few months at a time. I may play it in bursts, but I always end up coming back and reinstalling for some binge play.They mod community is growing, and the devs are always making changes here and there to improve it."
76561198089865023,Recommended,233450,13480002,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Subfer (Trading),good..... ya thats about it..... just good
,Recommended,233450,18108415,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,I identify as a transversal,"I highly recommend this game to anyone that likes strategy games and grid-based design games. I have had 1000+ hours of literal non-stop fun so far from this game. This game LACKS the ability to be boring, as you can always restart and try again. It's extremely easy to mod and I would recommend this to anyone that wants to learn how to Lua code. It's far more stable and less buggy than Garry's Mod. Garry's Mod is a buggy mess outright in itself; I've had one or two bugs ever happen in this game (Prison Architect) over two years of playing it, with over 1,000 hours (steam/normal version combined).This game is great for anyone, and there's tablet versions for those without their computer at hand. Introversion makes enjoyable games, Uplink and Prison Architect being my favorites, then Darwinia. If they continue work with Subversion, and they complete it to full, it could be an amazing game. Or, Uplink 2.0? That'd be cool.Pros/Cons (Cons are exagurated, so take with a grain of salt, but they aren't that bad and the gameplay and replayability of this game is worth more than any kind of con this game has).Pros:Great GameplayMods via WorkshopPrisons via WorkshopCommunity is decent (the website forum is full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥s, especially the moderators, steam community is better)Amazing Lua capabilitiesBuilt in computer logic set pieces ('remote control' research option)Cons:-Starts to lag like hell with 200+ AI's on the map (30-45fps with oc 4.1ghz fx-6300), you're going to need a decent processor (high-end i3, i5, i7, fx-6300, fx-8350)-No multiplayer, but I can see that being a bigger issue than it would be worth (how would pathfinding be handled? servers? host? if peer-to-peer, it could kill the hosts computer from the possibility of too much AI)-Needs better multi-threading, or 64-bit. Lag issues could be killed permanently if either of these were introduced. 64-bit would kill the lag harder than more cores, though."
,Recommended,233450,17851289,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,ya boy charlie ii,"I played this game for an hour when I first got it and hated it.  A few days later I really felt like playing it, and then I built a giant prison over the next few days.  This game is great."
76561198217841576,Recommended,233450,24216041,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,1am0w3n,"Prison Architect is a very fun game with lots of replay values and customisability which is relatively easy to get the hang of.Pros- Prison setup customisability is very good and you can make men's, women's, strict, relaxed, high security, low security, small, large, anything you like- Endlessly replayable as the sheer number of different options means you may never have the same prison twice- Tasks for money are largely fun and there are lots of them- Different prisoner 'actions' are good, for example some prisoners are well behaved but others are tougher and harder to look after- Escape mode is brilliant and adds something so it isn't just a normal prison builder. Prison Architect meets The Escapists- Easy and efficient support for Steam Workshop enables you to easily try out others' prisons- Customisability throughout the game in more ways than you could possibly imagine- I also quite like the 8-bit animation styleCons- Sometimes things take way too long to get built, get built in a random order, or the builders get stuck. Basically some major problems with construction. There are also some other noticeable bugs- I don't like the thing where other people can throw things over the prison wall, it doesn't seem realistic and you can't turn it off8/10 or A-"
,Recommended,233450,18496909,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,"Fucking Gianni ""1/11"" Rivero","A prisoner Walked into my prison, Was given new clothes, taken to his cell, He stabed a guard to death, took his baton and was then beat to death by all the prisoners around him. 10/10 Buy  this game now!"
76561198055217012,Recommended,233450,16611733,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Uncombustible Lemon,"Awesome sandbox game, huge detail, and always growing. Introversion software has put so much work since I first bought the game a few years ago. It's still full of glitches and bugs and such but it's awesome nevertheless. Would reccommend to those who like sandboxes, prisons, and management games."
76561198044883337,Recommended,233450,14278597,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,TankBenny,This is probably the most polished early acces game you will ever play.
76561198060903116,Recommended,233450,16390192,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,SniperSenpai,"Good game, but only really worth it if it is on sale for at least $15 or less."
76561198048091979,Recommended,233450,9372646,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Prometheus Unbound,"Some will look at this game in what is the 21st century, and be asking themselves if a top down 2D game, like the games of old is any good in an age of 3D HD games.Short answer: YesIf you have ever wanted to play a prison management/building game, then this is the one for you. Its so simple and yet so deep. For such an early alpha game this offers a lot.Sure it has a few bugs. But they are not game breaking. And as was mentioned, it is an Alpha. So bugs are par for the course.Introversion has come back with a whopping bang with this game. And i for one, welcome this game and introversion back with open arms.*Addictive gameplay*Details that you dont expect from your average management game (Full prisoner rap sheets and such)*Versatile construction that just keeps on getting better*Managment features that really allow you to control your prison (stationing guards, marking areas for security levels, Planning prisoners days*Workshop capabiltiy (hte mod list keeps on growing...)*And not forgetting, it isnt even finished yet. This game can only get better.The prison management sim that we have been waiting for.Play it, and get hooked. More addictive than the drugs being peddled in your prison ;)Its up to you now, warden..."
,Recommended,233450,23957001,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,E R xWOLFx,"This game is a Prison Simulator, built around housing and caring for the needs of your inmates. The systems in the game are very complex, yet easy to understand after some time spent with them. The needs of the prisoners are built really well as no prison thinks the exact same, and each has their personal levels of emotion. Each prisoner has his own story and outside family. You can run your prison in any style or fashion you want; from one staffed by armed guards with a truly hellish environment to a luxury prison, built around comfort of inmates. I truly enjoyed this game. I would recommend going through a bit of the campaign first to understand some of the basic operations of the prison.9/10"
76561197973430876,Recommended,233450,625620,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Brian,"Awesome game if you like the ""Tycoon"" based games, but this has a bit of a twist to it"
,Recommended,233450,13924935,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,[BLS]BillyIsMe,"Amazing game! You can never get bored, there is always something new!I would definitely recommend Prison architect"
76561198002973360,Recommended,233450,11168222,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Areinha,"For those that love building and planning things, Prison Architect let you plan, build and manage a Prison.Start small, with low ""grade"" prisoners, then go up, get better, hire more guards, hire guards with dogs, guards with weapons, make them patrol your prison, we never know when a crazy prisoner may try to break it out, even with a spoon! Get more prisoners, tough ones, make them go into the line, teach them how to act, and, of course, watch out on what you do with them, you don't want to end in your own prison.Prison Architect is developing good, I'm happy to see that they are making progress. I loved to play Theme Hospital, and this one reminded it, just the fact that you still save lifes.... just..... with prisoners now."
76561198038965637,Recommended,233450,22402531,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,The_Fat_Oracle,"Well, there was a small prisoner named Jeremy, Jeremy was mad at tall people, because they were tall, and he was short. One day, in the laundry room, Jeremy saw Lofty Liam, an 8ft tall man that commited♥♥♥♥♥♥ with the victim being a disgruntled horse named allen. Jeremy picked up the laundry table, and rammed it repeatedly into Liam's lower abdominal area, which understandably made him a bit, if slightly, upset. So liam picked up a washing machine, and gently lobbed it at Jeremy, missing him but hitting Phillip, the Inconsirable guard with no life beyond  his job. Everyone saw and thought it was ""propa banta an' dat"" so they joined in, but they got upset since there weren't enough washing machines for everyone, so they used benches. Phillip became slightly disgruntled and picked up a door, and threw it at the crowd, but it hit a wall, the wall fell. So he escaped, came home and played this game, and rang me up, saying that it'#s awesome and that i should get it."
76561198104677296,Recommended,233450,10888991,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,SmokeCloud,super addictive game my only reccomendation is don't play this if you have somewhere to be or something important planned you won't want to stop and i was even a fan of the bugs made the game more interesting imo the first teacher i hired was killed by prisoners and he was the first death and the bug caused him to stay in the prison as a dead body i thought it was a nice memorial to my lack of security knowledge... my maximum security section is practically a warzone at all times again super addictive game
76561198006974474,Recommended,233450,24071133,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Etra,"This is a grid-based simulator with rules and optimal choices. You'll play fifteen or so maps, by map 8 you'll have figured out the ""correct"" choices and will spend another 7 or so games confirming those choices. And then you'll have nothing to do.It's a fine game that has too few surprises from the inmates. It seems all the developers could think to do was make unruly inmates more difficult to pacify (one man rampaging killing 7 guards by himself, or 30 guards if he has a drill).Features not in the game:- sit ins- food strikes- demands- corrupt guards"
,Recommended,233450,13929798,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,ĴƐƵƵƐĿ`·.¸><((((º>,"Prison Architect is an early access prison simulator similar to Roller Coaster Tycoon, Simcity, or the like.  It has elements of sandbox/construction with managed tiers for punishment, rehabilitation, kitchen menu etc... right down to micromanaging each hour of each prisoner's day.  You can decide to create the most horrific environment for your prisoners... or maybe you want to excel at rehabilitation & prisoner ""recovery"".  Either way the well stocked options provide freedoms to the user that all simulation games should have... most of the features seem to work already!  Game play is kind of ""real"" ... with comic book style scene transitions & backstories.  However if you can get past the prison thing and just ""play the game"" it is very enjoyable and addictive.  Though this is an early access game it is totally payable in it's current state.If you like simulation/sandbox/management style games... or enjoyed any of the ""Tycoon"" series of games... this is one with a more serious story line/undertones (you can skip the scenes also).  Definitely worth checking out.http://store.steampowered.com/app/233450"
,Recommended,233450,23845671,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Kartoshka,"Spent what seemed like 10 minutes in this game, turned out it was 4 hours"
76561198060290273,Recommended,233450,15173728,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Ekin,Thump up!
,Recommended,233450,13503590,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Capacitard,I put a bunch of prisoners in the cafeteria and one of them got a spoon as a weapon so the armed guards shot everyone.10/10
76561198059554574,Recommended,233450,23863219,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Rocket Man,"I'll confirm what everyone is saying, feels like 10 minutes of game play, then you look up and 4 hours have gone by. I think it's the second best game released last year behind only Rocket League. It's a steal at it's current price of $7.50..."
,Recommended,233450,13763993,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Cheeky,One of the best early access games you can buy. The devs consistently update every month and make the game even better. Its very clean and is really fun to just mess around with prisoners and staff alike. My only problem at the moment is that sometimes the AI start to bug out and get stuck.
,Recommended,233450,8844076,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,dead acc pls find new one,"my prisoners ate cement and went back to their cells happy10/10 would construct againRELEASE UPDATE:Well, since the release, cement food has been patched. Now they eat expensive, still ♥♥♥♥♥♥ prison food. ♥♥♥♥ that."
,Recommended,233450,17169455,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Ruben_Cordeiro,"I did not expect to get so hooked on Prison Architect. The games oozes charm and managing a prison is challenging.For the price of admission, this is definitely a recommended purchase."
,Recommended,233450,18082391,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Dwave Maffews,Fleece Johnson Simulator 2015
,Recommended,233450,13432768,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Europe 2060: Neo Zimbabwe,"Buy it, buy it now. If the ability to put a name/profile in the game is still there, buy that too. Watch a video or two of the devs talking about the game and such(especially the early ones). Hilarious guys, good people. This is a solid game from a great group of people that are worth supporting and they will support you back ;)You will enjoy it, it's awesome."
76561198035098953,Recommended,233450,11114704,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Tyler_Steadfast,I like this game and play it lots!
,Recommended,233450,26554244,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,trainguy305,It's great. Just great. 42 hours of building concrete inescaple (I think) prisons is just addicting. Absolute favourite part of the game is Execution.1. Everyone turns up2. 10 million volts shock through some dork's body3. Everyone's faces are neutral and they leaveSo yah damn fun worth the $30 even though I got it for $7.49 USD cos it was on special:)
76561197986515430,Recommended,233450,19880459,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,govtarkin,Got this in early access and loved watching it grow. This is one of the few time early access has given us a amazing game.
,Recommended,233450,11323160,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,ThatGuy,"Fantastic game, cannot ask for more, I am addicted to this game, this is my life now, still an amazing game and would highly recommend to anyone of any age, once again, fantastic."
,Recommended,233450,7856734,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Tux,I can easily spend hours trying to get a perfect prison.  The only problem is I keep getting riots cause I execute to many shakedowns.
,Recommended,233450,11127979,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,=T$E=The Zipper Wolf,8/10a few bugs but its still in the works i love have all ways loved building games like rollercoaster tycoon and simcity so this is great if you love building games this is it
,Recommended,233450,24592507,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Skrypt™,"Prison Architect is one of the few managment simulations that I really enjoy. I've been looking a long time for some simulator of this sort and now I finally found it.As the title already says, you build a prison and manage your prisoners. How you do that is completely up to you - will you care for them and treat them nicely to avoid riots? Or will you punish them for every minor offense they do? Maybe you will make them work the whole day and use them for your profit? It's entirely up to you how you manage your prison.And you can actually manage it quite a lot! You can change the day routine and set at which time and how long they sleep, work, eat or just have free time. You can choose to spend more money on healthy food and a bigger selection or let them eat the same unhealthy food to save money.You can expand the land of the prison and build every room on your own, I kind feel like the building of each rooms is pretty poor, there is just too few decorative items you might use in my opinion and makes the process of building just too linear, you will end up building the same rooms all over again just because there is nothing else to put into these rooms.All in all, the game is fun to play, although it might be a bit hard at the beginning, especially if you grow too fast.Besides the prison management, the game also offers a campaign and another mode where you play the prisoner and need to escape. I haven't yet finished the campaign nor have I managed to escape the prison. Both gamemodes are quite nice, but at the time I do not really look forward to finish them, as I like the original prison building more.Although there are a few things I dislike about Prison Architect, I can still highly recommend this game and deep in my heart I hope, even though the game is out of early access by now, that soon I will have nothing to dislike anymore."
,Recommended,233450,9886030,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,regi.,"Prison Architect, the brilliant and addictive prison building game. Now, this game is the opposite of ""The Escapists"", in the sense that, in this game you build a prison, but in that, you escape one (hence the name, escapists). Prison Architect is one of the more popular games by Introversion Software.In Prison Architect you build and design a prison, but you don't have long (unless you turn off incoming prisoners - but that's besides the point) to build a basic prison. After the first 24 hours, which is about 10-20 minutes on normal game speed, 8-12 normal ranked prisoners will come in. They may bring contraband with them, or they may not. It's best to check everyone just in case. After a while, when you build up your prison a lot, you can start to make the prisoners do manual labour, for example, do the laundry and make numberplates. The laundry is the clothes (etc) of the actual prisoners. The numberplates, you can sell for $100 each (last time I checked).If the prisoners don't like the prison, they can start a riot, try to escape and can make your prison get turned over to the FBI of sorts. If your riot goes on for long enough, you loose and the prison gets taken from you. When riots start, you can call in special forces, ambulances, fire engines and extra police. The fire engines don't really do anything at the moment, seeing as fires are so rare that (I would say) 60% of players don't know they exist, and the destruction they can cause.When you're building your prison, you have to keep in mind that you have a daily income, and if you spend more than said income, you will start loosing money instead of getting it. You can also loose your prison if you go bankrupt for too long, but there is a warning grant that gives you a reasonable amount of money to help you. If your income goes into the minuses, you can get it back up by getting new prisoners, selling items and giving the prisoners worse meals, but giving them worse meals can result in a riot or some very angry prisoners.There are three classes of prisoners, low risk, normal risk and high risk. The low risk people hardly ever start fully fledged fights and never need execution. The normal risk, again, never need execution, but can start a reasonably dangerous riot or fight. The normal risk (to my experience) try and escape more often than the low risk. The high risk are the most dangerous, and may need executions, which you can get by making an execution room. These prisoners got into jail for things like Murder. If you're new to the game, I recommend you stay with low and normal. I don't like having high risk, they're too much of a pain.So, even though this game is in alpha, it is worth a look at. Even at the full price of $25, it will give you hours of fun. During sales this game can go down to as low as $10-$15, which is an amazing deal."
76561198085843342,Recommended,233450,24382142,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Level 100 Knight,All I need to say is great game.
,Recommended,233450,24212796,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Captain Jama,"Inmate gets denied parole, beats up parole officer and lawyer.10/10 game"
,Recommended,233450,13659585,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,stonemary,"This game is quite humorous in its own probably unintended ways.Despite free food, entertainment, education, medicine, psychologic console, gym, work opportunities and even free camp sites that are regularly groomed by a professional gardener, my prisoners are still suppressed  - until one day I did a shakedown and found 88 jail keys!! Without the keys to heaven, my prisoners became outrageous instead and decided to BBQ themselves - oh well, that's indeed another way to heaven - as the CEO said, ""a lot of people died today, a dark page of the history of this prison"".But, wait! They were not even escaping with 88 jail keys!!! (￣ε(#￣)☆╰╮o(￣皿￣///)I strongly recommend the developers to introduce religion(s) to the game. Once they understand the whole world is a jail, they will probably just give up escaping and fight with each other instead - or sports, that would do about the same.PS: lesson learnt: do NOT send firefighters into fire, they're not as fire resistant as they look or sound, and they are brave enough to not run away.PSS: I won't tell you i'm updating the review for a badge."
,Recommended,233450,8541351,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Americaball,"Great game, it has potential! I recently bought it and was skeptical of the diffuculty, but it was nice and simplistic with great mods, graphics, and gameplay! It takes a step away from buildings citys or a army, your building the County Jail for the City, or the Prison encampment in a war for L.I.A's. It may not have much now but in the furture of it I see 3 Story Prisons, more units/staff, maybe even a city to interact with, and scenarios. I only thing i'm scratching my head about for is, how does a fire start? But besides that its a great game with loads of different prisoners, people, and even a easter egg like the prisoner Chris ""Abandon"" Delay, wears a 11th Doctor suit until he is incarcinated."
,Recommended,233450,13502389,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Balkan Elf,"This together with Kerbal Space Program (No longer in Alpha) is the only two ""Early Access"" games I would recommend anyone to buy. This game should not even be in early access anymore in my opinion, it has so much content and features and has been recieving great improvements for such a long time now.If you like the idea of building an micromanaging your own prison, then you should definately pick up this games. It comes at a great price right now during the Holliday sale, Do Not Hesitate. Buy it!"
,Recommended,233450,30640634,Posted: 20 March,all,Ripe Plantain,"A great gam. I always wanted to trap some degenerates in a cage, and now my dream has come true."
,Recommended,233450,9995506,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,kabiblz,"Even though this game is in Early Access, there are very few bugs, but the ones present are actually quite funny. For anyone interested in the Sims or any of the Tycoon games, this is perfect for you and greatly improves on many of the details and realistic aspects of ""manage your own something"" games. The gameplay at first can be a bit challenging, but by your third prison, you will be completely on top of things. The mechanics are great and so is the overall feel of the game. I had doubts about this game and I actually chose it over Call of Duty: Ghosts (I know right), but I made the right call. Prison Architect will NOT let you down and is a must have. For now, because of certain glitches that can be quite annoying (i.e. Workers not doing anything even though there is a bunch of stuff in the Jobs Queue), I give this game a 9.3/10, but when the final product is released, it will definitely deserve a 10/10."
76561197970309850,Recommended,233450,15890757,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,billy,"This is the best building/management game's i have played for years . People rave about game's like cities skylines ( which is very good) but i have had a lot more fun from this game. Working out how to do things is a big part of the game and i really enjoyed that , it's also fun to see your design's improve and work much better on your next prison.I loved watching the little characters going about there business , i know the graphics are very basic but i like the art style.You can also have fun when things go wrong and you mess things up which is a sign of a good game.My only complaint and thing i would like improved is performance. Once your prison gets to about 300+ people it's not just as smooth as when you first start playing. It's not jerky by any means but not 100% silky smooth all the time. Hopefully that will be improved before release as i would love to build a much larger prison. I had 100 hours and more of fun before i got to that stage though , so i can't complain .Edit- Performance has improved a lot since i originally did this review."
,Recommended,233450,12468489,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Mike Horrorible,This game is addicting! Reminds me of the days I spent building theme parks and zoos. This is just A LOT more violent.You'll start with a prison and it'll suck. The next one will suck less. The third one may actually start getting halfway decent.The more you play... the more you learn... which makes you want to play more... learn more... a neverending cycle!IT IS SO MUCH FUN WHOOOOOOOOoooooooooooo
,Recommended,233450,10305896,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Razzamicrowave,"Nice-on-the-eye visuals combined with well-balanced and fun gameplay make this one of the best early access games I've played, so prepare to lose track of real-life for a few days as this game is completely absorbing and is well-worth a shot."
,Recommended,233450,18356091,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,YoYoStevo,It was great watching the game grow over the years. A dev you should definately support.
,Recommended,233450,15107927,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Souper,"Riot broke out in prison, Gave armed guards ""Free Fire"" command. Guards vicously hunted down and killed every prisoner even those not involved in riot. 11/10"
,Recommended,233450,24034571,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Siot Gleda,"I cannot praise the game nearly as much as it deserves. I highly recommend this game for anyone who is looking to waste time and have fun doing it. in the week I've had it, I have lost at least 10 hours of sleep."
,Recommended,233450,18367908,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Felix Argyle,"My god, where do I start? First I should say that it is refreshing to see a game in a genre that has been over saturated with cheap cash grabs or complex simulators that fail at ‘fun’. Prison Architect is that one gem in a heap of trash. Prison Architect proves that there is not only interest in strategy/planning games but a talented team of designers who are willing meet that demand. Introversion Software has not only proven that they are a talented team but also that their game “Prison Architect” will be cared for and become the smash hit that it clearly is, anything less would be a crime.EDIT-This was written before update 1.0"
,Recommended,233450,26312729,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,TechnoLad,"This game ain't sunshine and rainbows. As you're immediately thrown into the deep end of the thought-provoking pool from the very start.Such as building an execution chamber for a Death Row inmate.The intro to this game still haunts me.If you're looking for the dark side to the game, the campaign's got you covered. While in the sandbox you have the freedom to run your prison however you like. Whether it be reform or lock up and throw away the key."
76561198093051466,Recommended,233450,23731018,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Bootsowen,Got this game before it wen't on sale for $7.00.I knew I shouldn't have woken up today.
76561198038637151,Recommended,233450,19049460,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,thebobinator,Great game with regular updates
,Recommended,233450,17003689,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Crazyglueit,"This game is well worth it!Similiar to another game I have played for countless hours on, called Theme Hospital, made back in 1997(which i would also recomend). Prison Architect gives you more depth in gameplay and freedom for creativity.Got a creative/artsy itch?Scratch it with this game!"
,Recommended,233450,14379501,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,TheDankPotato500,"If you like uninstalling games Prison Architect is NOT for you. But if you think you have the potential to create a high- security prison with a budget, Prison Architect is the best chance you'll have of showing some of that Potential. Worth the $30."
76561198076416704,Recommended,233450,14494109,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Kyamprac,"Everyone dies in the shower. Everyonnee.You can sink hours into creating what you think is the perfect prison, only to have your hopes and dreams shattered in minutes. All it takes is a spoon or a screwdriver. Horribly addicting game, but lots of fun. Mods are super easy to use/activate, which makes it all the more entertaining."
,Recommended,233450,15242818,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Cc,"This is a very engaging and well designed game, it is a work in progress but don't be fooled as the current content is of impecable standard. The community is above average and modifications are plentiful to the game as well as being high in quality, it is defiantely worth the investment and I would highly reccommend the game."
,Recommended,233450,16897431,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,DatArsenalFan,"UPDATE: Never came back to update my review because everybody already knew this is great game. A must-play recommendation from my side.This game is superb. Awesome replay value with very good management sim. It doesn't feel like an ""Early Access"" game. I didn't find a single crash in my playthorugh. Kudos to developers. Anyone fond of management sim, this game is a must-have in your library.*My review is based on build 39 & 40."
76561198012626574,Recommended,233450,16709032,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Osmium,"I play this game since alpha 8 or 9 and I'm still playing it thanks to the new stuff and improvements that these creative devs bring to this game monthly. Towards the end of each month, I'm excited like a kid waiting for Christmas because I know I'll have new toys to oppress my prisoners with.10/10"
,Recommended,233450,14885615,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Jmh1000,If you like trapping people in rooms this is the game for you.
,Recommended,233450,14465466,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,oh hi hello there it's me,Best Early Acess game I've ever spent my money on.
,Recommended,233450,16417735,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,jA.Fearfek,I bought this game yesterday. I already have 16 hours in game....Help.
,Recommended,233450,12395585,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Cowwithguns,Game is fun
,Recommended,233450,13348614,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,creaper_pants,Brilliant game fun to play!!
,Recommended,233450,13268646,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,spray bottle 💦💦,Built a prison and everyone escaped within first hour11/10 will build again
,Recommended,233450,13530673,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Buzz Corker (Vankuun),One prisoner killed all of my guards with a spoon. Completely corrupted my prison and had to start all over.Should have used metal detectors.10/10
76561198127809903,Recommended,233450,25279685,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,stas.snapp15,"This game is really fun, I just wish they would make it that the guards have actual rotation job, like they leave and new crew comes in, and have livng space on campus for some guards."
,Recommended,233450,13523440,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Firm Handshake,"The prisoners just stand outside the prison, politely waiting for the guards to bring them in. The said guards are currently beating a mob of prisoners who think it is injust to have 100+ prisoners stuck in a small, 5x5 canteen. the workers are in the process of building a new canteen, but the prisoners are taking the bricks and are hiding them in their cells, preventing the builders from completing the new canteen. All in all a fun experience. 10/10."
,Recommended,233450,34808078,Posted: 7 September,all,Ly's,"Very fun game, recommended, but PLEASE FIX PATHFINDING ISSUES!!!"
,Recommended,233450,34904875,Posted: 12 September,all,Razer,"The game is fun and really enjoyable, but what I didn't liked at all was the huge fps drops :/"
,Recommended,233450,18356600,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Zane,Played and followed the game for a long while now. V 1.0 adds more stuff to an otherwise already complete game. A must have for builders & managers. Not to mention they'll keep updating this game with new features for at least the next year to come. What more do you want?
,Recommended,233450,23793489,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,xDeathStar,"I tried out this game before buying it, I slept 7 hours in 2 days!"
76561198013657494,Not Recommended,233450,34047655,Posted: 5 August,all,Shas'o O'Kais,"This game has a lot of features and designs that are pretty awesome. It's simple enough that you can get into it pretty quick but complex enough that you can really setup some nice stuff by combining hour-by-hour guard schedules, prisoner regimes, and so on.The game would probably be one of my favorites except for one problem...It is buggy as hell and needs constant work arounds to solve problems. You'll be playing a while and all your prisoners are getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, you find out why it's because they're starving to death, you check your kitchen and your cooks have simply stopped cooking. They have the ingredients, the fridges and cookers never lost power, the trays are clean and washed, they just aren't cooking anymore. It just randomly broke at some point. But you fire all the staff and rehire them and they still won't cook, so you dismantle all the cookers, fire all the staff, then replace them both, and finally they begin working again.Meanwhile a riot broke out from all the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off prisoners and injured some of the prisoners and your guards and they aren't getting healed. So you open up your staff tab to find out where your doctors are and why they aren't doing their jobs, and come to find out they have needles in their hand running in small circles like they can't decide who to heal or what to do and they are just stuck in this perpetual loop of doing nothing unless you click on them and move them or fire them and replace them. But it's only a temporary fix because they'll get stuck again in no time, don't you worry.Trying to remove a tunnel at the edge of the map? Well too bad. You'll end up with 3 or 4 construction workers who just vibrate around it trying to remove it and being unable to because they're poorly programmed.Want to stop contraband from being taken back to cells and used to tunnel out? Well, you can't. I have gotten to the point where prisoners have to pass through a literal hallway of 10 metal detectors and 5 guard dogs and they still somehow get tools and weapons through there. How? Who the hell knows. Maybe they lined their asses with lead or something to prevent detection. Worst part is, one of the game features lets you examine where that piece of contraband came from and where it has gone since it was stolen and sometimes a drill or saw or shiv will pass through around 30 metal detectors before finally being discovered. And when you do a shakedown, you find hundreds of items smuggled into the cells through metal detectors and guard dogs. Makes you wonder, what is the point to having either of those things when they barely work at all?Speaking of tunnels, there's nothing you can do about them. There is no way to prevent them at all without modding the crap out of the game. Guard dogs can sometimes tell you a tunnel exists, though you can't actually ""discover"" it without successfully searching the specific toilet that it originates from, and even if you search that room there is no certainty you'll discover the tunnel so sometimes it takes multple manual searches. When they ARE discovered, tunnels have to be removed manually. So if you like to play these types of games just to setup a great system for self automation, you aren't going to be able to do that here, because if you leave this game running while you sleep you're going to come back to half your prisoners having escaped through tunnels which still exist and haven't been dealt with, the other half of your prisoners♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off because now you have more prisoners coming in than your prison can support because all those cells with tunnels won't have prisoners assigned to them so they just pile up in holding cells, numerous staff deaths due to rioting which also have to be manually replaced...Bottom line is, the game is a buggy mess that makes it more frustrating than fun to play after a while. It could also use a bit more automation, or at least ways to automate certain aspects like a number of certain kinds of staff on the payroll at all times so even if one dies he is replaced, etc. I'd be enjoyable enough despite lack of automation if it just worked and wasn't broken, but that isn't the case.Real shame too because the game has huge potential but I feel like the devs simply don't care about the quality of the game, they're just in it for the money grab and are now working on DLC instead of fixing core problems. These aren't new problems either, I looked up solutions to my doctors being stupid and running in circles instead of healing people problem and it's apparently been a bug in the game for years and they still haven't bothered to fix it.Everyone should pass on this one and not pay these devs until they decide to fix their game. Then, it'll be worth playing, but right now it just isn't."
,Recommended,233450,8517762,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,[AG] Hack,This game is incredibly addicting. Great job!
,Recommended,233450,26548460,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Dead meme,"I've been using this to plan how i am going to build the new ""Great Wall"""
,Recommended,233450,11316196,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Naygas,"This game is excellent! The witt and detail in it never gets old and I never thought it I'd want to fill my days with designing, building and running a prison effectively. Being an early access game there are a few bugs, such as people getting stuck in walls, but that can be easily sorted out by just telling them to move. A few things could be added to the game to make it more managable; a guard shift regime would be perfect!Overall a fantastic game!"
,Recommended,233450,23294699,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Phreak,One of the best Simulation/Construction games there is at the moment. Have been playing since early release and each update keeps getting better.Well worth the money!
76561198056173052,Recommended,233450,8826111,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Ugly Broccoli,This game rocks!!!!
,Recommended,233450,12303149,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Keyboard Kitten,I predicted a riot... I caused one by locking them all up for 5 days
,Not Recommended,233450,33007847,Posted: 29 June,all,.doofuzz,"Where's my DLC, Introversion?"
76561198035800001,Recommended,233450,8484356,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,The Wubba Duck,Fun game...
,Recommended,233450,7440158,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,c0ntrol,"For an early access game still in it's alpha stages, Prison Architect has a lot to offer. If you have ever been a fan of any Sim City style games where you build your city (in this case a prison!) then this is a game I highly reccomend you try to get your hands on. It offers hours of gameplay currently, and only has room to improve from here.Building a prison and managing it's day to day operations from having enough meals cooked to letting your prisons have family members visit. Chasing escapee's, calling in SWAT for riots, or watching your prison burn to the ground.... there are just so many possibilities. Since I have purchased the game I have seen the numerous updates from the developers pushing out new content, improving old content, and fixing bugs. As far as the team behind this game goes, they really seem to care about their game and the people who play it.Personally, I feel the 29.99 price tag is a little steep if you ask me, so I would wait until it goes on sale to buy this. Thankfully the developer seems to be more concerned with having a good product that more fans get to enjoy than making money so this game ends up on sales pretty often."
,Recommended,233450,11654543,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,mhofever,"Some wonder, why play a 2D game about constructing a prison?Prison Architect has that magic that keeps you playing on and on. Perhaps it's that you want to do a little more better the next time. You build your first person, all hell breaks loose. Build your second prison, you learned from your mistakes. On your tenth or eleventh prison, you'd have things running like AlcatrazGreat thing about games like these is that they don't hand out a tutorial on how to do everything, just the basics. The joy of playing games is to discover on your own what you could do and what could work and this game does just that.As in it's current alpha state, the game has quite a lot to offer and a lot more features being added in the near future."
,Recommended,233450,15247104,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Cernel Joson,I need more money for them programs.
,Recommended,233450,15103049,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,"His Excellency, Maximillian Hess","Have you always wanted to be a warden? Well now's your chance, but it's fleeting if you cant control the populace. AMong the biggest things i must advise, if you have Death Row inmates, MAKE SURE THEY GET AN APPEAL, else you will face a 50k fine..... file that under 'lessons learned the hard way'. Also on that list, dont make a jump from 16 to 40 inmates in one go, space it out and e gentle. Helps to have the taser rollout once you get a large population.Positioning is key, and you must ensure the space is used to the best you can. CCTV and Automated doors are very useful, the latter especially to open doors for builders and workers without waiting for a guard to go get it. Additionally, a fence(not perimeter wall until much later) and road gates is helpful if an inmate does manage to escape the building.My experience with the game, albeit limited, is very highly enjoyable, and i recommend this game 10/10"
76561198011594819,Recommended,233450,8141127,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Avolon,Great Game! Highly recommend for people who like this type of game. A+++ (and it not even finished yet)
,Recommended,233450,8630268,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,CaSpErTbH,Fun game..note to self - prisoners need toilets or they will start shanking guards
,Recommended,233450,8830853,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,earthmeLon,Beautiful.  Runs perfectly on Linux.
,Recommended,233450,9602883,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Strider,Nothing supplies a better power trip then making your solitairy confinement as small and dark as possible. Or how about wrangling the issue of escaping prisoners by erecting a huge fence like some anti-immigrant wet dream?Let's not kid ourselves: this game has been in alpha for a long time and I suspect it won't be leaving alpha anytime soon. But ask yourself this: is it really a glitch that all of your staff can't seem to leave the storage room? Or perhaps its an unintentional commentary on the laxness and incompetence of the American prison system?
76561198005773107,Recommended,233450,8420988,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,jhigham09,"Good game, but I was dissipointed that you couldn't order your guards to randomly beat a prisoner. If you cant do that than really whats the point."
,Recommended,233450,7747437,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Biglio Riglio,"Great game. If you've ever wanted to be in charge of idiots, this is the game for you."
76561198313716370,Recommended,233450,31352736,Posted: 25 April,all,Lev,"Would be great if escape mode was online multiplayer, adding in a chat system, custom gangs, and limited spots for gaurds ands it would be like hell. Obviously it would have to be under a different name in the extras since a certain ammount of maps would be best since there are too many acessible from in the game... Still love this game either way, but whith  the online escape mode... It would give it a whole new area to improve on aswell. On the topic of online i doubt the possibility of an architect creating the prison while players are in it, since it would actually require a lobby and too much like prison break on gmod or whatever its called."
76561198109873891,Recommended,233450,18448324,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,PoodleCorp,"This game is fun and addicting, I found it easy to learn and I would prefer Making a small prison at first then selling it for more money."
,Not Recommended,233450,32557734,Posted: 18 June,all,TroFo,"So, after playing 160Hours, I would say the game definately has some good ideas but lacks polish. What I mean by that is that the developers have discontinued support for this game and left it buggy and incomplete. It features a lot of fun mechanics, but I don't think it is tied well together to feel like it is a fully inclusive bundled prison simulator. Not to mention, that you will get the somewhat frequent construction worker stuck in a wall or a guard that has frozen in patrol.I would recommend this game......if that is the developers even gave a rats♥♥♥♥♥♥about this anymore. I feel insulted to be an early backer of this game and then have it given to me as an incomplete - but one with potential - buggie and unfinished peice of work.The game at its current state is a fun game to play but I would not recommend based solely because the developers decided to drop this game and call it a finished title. (This game doesn't even have a proper main menu.)Introversion software has gained a spot on my developer blacklist and I will never be purchasing from them again."
,Not Recommended,233450,32603214,Posted: 20 June,all,Marca,"So consoles get a DLC, but the PC doesn't? Everyone should be able to play DLCs, no matter what platform they're on. I see no reason why devs couldn't add the DLC (Psych Ward) to the PC version. If the console version can take it, a PC can too. It looks like the devs want us to buy the console version of Prison Architect so they can get more money...Shame on you devs."
76561198083622653,Recommended,233450,8446280,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Button Mashta Leo,"Its early access so it still has time to work out its kinks. Its fun making you feel like you have the world in your hands(actually just a bunch of shmos that either killed,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ stole, attempted killing/robbery♥♥♥♥♥♥etc), and you can make there life a dream or a nightmare. Help support the gaurds and keep the prisoners in check, or Just watch them go in ANARCHY. I highly recommend this game.....but thats my opinion."
,Not Recommended,233450,32648791,Posted: 22 June,all,lilpool93,Consoles getting the DLC but the PC users being left out? Not cool
,Not Recommended,233450,32519083,Posted: 17 June,all,VoS | FlagrantPilgrim,"Do not buy Prison Architect. I cannot recommentd it. The developer, Introverted, built this game using money from PC players and then proceeded to give priority to console players. I have nothing against console players, but this is an unacceptable move by the developer.As for the game itself, I love it. It's great, tons of hours of fun plus more added by mods. It is a very competant management game. I enjoy trying out different types of layouts and security systems to see what works.However, there have been two DLCs released for the PS4 and Xbone versions of the game that are not available to PC players. This is unforgivable. It's outrageous that us early-access buyers are being treated as if we're second-class. It's my understanding that the DLCs were created by the developer that ported Prison Architect to the consoles. That's great and all, but it's not an excuse for the PC not getting the content. I've looked into it and have not found any explanation from Introverted, the developer of the PC version.I recommend staying away from this game. I also recommend staying away from the developers other projects too, as they can't be trusted to treat PC players with respect."
,Not Recommended,233450,32276798,Posted: 8 June,all,[wotc] Nixx,"Was hoping that by release, most of the issues in this game would be resolved.  Sadly, I must not recommend this game.  I just spent the past few hours designing a prison, just to have to toss out all my work due to a bunch of stuck workers which will not carry out their tasks.  This has been a problem I have seen all throughout Alpha/Beta.  It pretty much puts a halt to your progress when this happens and makes everything feel like a waste of time.  A single game-breaking bug which still has not yet been ironed out... but one I feel is holding up this game and annoying enough to give this game a thumbs down.Dev's, please fix your pathing/task handling bug.  Stuck workers are no fun."
76561198018460505,Recommended,233450,18361451,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,AgrippaMaxentius,"Prison Architect is a wonderful game, and hands down the best ""Prison Management"" simulator out there. Will you be a strict authoritarian, dealing violent or even lethal punishments to your inmates? Or are you a laid back Scandinavian, who under no circumstances wants their inmates to be treated poorly? However you choose to run your jail consequences will eventually arise depending on whatever kind of prison you wish to build.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PDAyAvZ6ZZs"
76561198114452053,Recommended,233450,12578807,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,bobzemonkey,Really good and gets better with every alpha
,Recommended,233450,18364997,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Bol,aku sih yes..
76561198028094766,Not Recommended,233450,32514105,Posted: 17 June,all,Brunhilde,I'd like them to create DLC's for the PC version.
76561197975156581,Recommended,233450,18400481,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Demon,I play this game for a bit not too long it is good.
,Recommended,233450,22811387,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,[A.]Reaper,My video review:https://youtu.be/YbiZB-BTCLY
76561198150278941,Recommended,233450,22883931,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,[MKN] Thunder,50 of my inmates dies in 6 days and I still didn't get fired.10/10
,Recommended,233450,15069601,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Lyra,Bill killed Bob. Bob killed Geoff. Geoff killed Ron. Ron killed Lewis. Lewis killed Fred. And now Fred is forever in isolation. I like where this is going.
76561198123603132,Not Recommended,233450,23974901,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Gogo,"This is STILL very buggy. I have fun playing this, but I can't play a cessation without seeing a bug.The campaign works like a tutorial, but still dosn't explain much. I had to wiki half the time and look on youtube. I want this game to work and for all to enjoy, but my take on Prison Architect is this - If you dont mind working with bugs and learning from other sources I would buy. If so, I wouldn't spend the money.I got this during steam sale and kinda wished it was a little bit cheaper because it's STILL not complete."
76561198043259043,Recommended,233450,23026894,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,The white tiger,"i have just exsperince something so funny just hear this.Donald ''J'' Trumpage 27Risk level: SupermaxBiographyBecame the republican party's front runner in 2016. Won the election and two years later had cost the US taxpayers over$50bn, due to the cost of his wall, and his war with China wich very nearly went nuclearSentenced to 4 years for FraudFamily: Wife(25), Son(3), Father(53)"
,Recommended,233450,9980511,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,kartoonkylers,Approximately 50 prisons later... I'm still in love. Get this.
76561198047841120,Recommended,233450,10634002,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,TrilleLille,"Much prison, such riot, wow me likey!"
76561198066094088,Recommended,233450,10644213,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Skydive Freak 9/11,Its a fun and good game
76561198042268076,Recommended,233450,10625909,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Lud1us,This game was way more fun than I was expecting and definitely not as easy. Takes some time to learn but definitely worth it.
76561198009356496,Recommended,233450,10732804,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,MindlessRouse,Even in early access this game still has a ton of features and not many bugs
,Recommended,233450,10777531,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,GentlemanGames,This game is beautiful. One of the rare examples of Early access done right. The developer stays in touch with his audience and the game is consantly being worked on and improved.
76561198030797936,Recommended,233450,10665531,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,hwarrior,Great game when you want to take your time and plan out the perfect prision.  Also love the challenge when you turn constant intake on.  Two varying styles of plan that are both fun.
,Recommended,233450,10630466,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Gausgovy,"This is a good game. GOOD not great. I first got the game and played it for about 1 week practically non-stop, then realised the annoying things about it, Awful texture bugs like refridgerators that sit out in the middle of the floor when you want them on the wall, stupid patrol times, when you set a patrol route half the time the officer on it is taking a break so to get an officer on it at all times you need like 4 officers on the same route, and not to mention the lazyness of the construction workers. I have had a wall sit there and ask for it to be demolished or removed multiple times and only find out that the only way to get rid of it is to destroy an entire building. This is overall a good game, but for all the bugs it has $30 is not the right price. I felt stupid after buying it only to see that one week later it was only $10. maybe they should keep it that way until they fix it up. The review says yes but by that I mean BUY IT IF IT IS ON SALE!!!!"
,Recommended,233450,10723185,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Metatron,"When you get a hang on it, it's great fun."
,Recommended,233450,10648941,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Roganartu,I built a paradise for 120 prisoners and then the power plant failed and I couldn't get it to turn back on. Highly recommended.
76561198104624065,Recommended,233450,10758265,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Klee,"Fun, buggy as hell (alpha version) but what a great game!  Lost many hours of my life"
,Recommended,233450,10786132,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,mfkiamy,really a great game with great devs giving us monthly updates.dont hesitate to buy!
76561198079198092,Recommended,233450,10165379,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Beautiful_Man,Brilliant game. Worth every penny.
76561198024262911,Recommended,233450,10829353,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Yoite,The game in itself is pretty cool and fun but you get quickly to the point where there is nothing to research and all you do is make bigger and bigger prison and nothing new happens.
76561197961300610,Recommended,233450,10811338,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,PePe,"If you are a fan of any of the SIMS games, you will love this game. Highly addicting."
,Recommended,233450,10814343,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,lankz2007,"Actually more fun than running a prison should be, definately wortth a look in if you like city management type games."
,Recommended,233450,10802510,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Mae Mordabito,"It fulfills a uniqued niche as it kind of reminds me of Sim City but with micromanagement of each inmate and staff. Being that it's early-access, It's still got bugs and a bit of a learning curve as there is no official tutorial, yet.Overall, I'd prolly give it a 7/10, with the potential of an 8.5."
,Recommended,233450,10809630,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SheGotDaBooty,"THIS IS ONE OF THE MOST UNIQUE GAMES I HAVE EVER PLAYED IN MY LIFE. IT IS DEFINITELY A GREAT ADDITION TO ANY LIBRARY AND WILL KEEP YOU ENTERTAINED FOR LITERALLY HOURS UPON HOURS.BUILDING IS A GREAT PART OF THIS GAME AS WELL AS FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND SUPPORTING YOUR PRISON GROWTH.THE GAME ITSELF IS NOT EASY AT ALL, BUT IT IS NOT TOO DIFFICULT TO LEARN AT FIRST.THIS GAME IS PERFECT WITH THE EXCEPTION OF A FEW BUGS HOWEVER IT IS STILL IN ALPHA.THIS IS A GAME WORTH THE TITLE OF ""EARLY ACCESS"" AS THE DEVS KEEP IT UPDATED AND FIX BUGS.STEAM SHOULD TAKE A NOTE OF HOW EARLY ACCESS IS SUPPOSED TO WORK WITH THIS GAME."
76561198048207223,Recommended,233450,10672767,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,KiTooPinTokai,Very Good
76561198071814390,Recommended,233450,10084476,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Reach Reclaimer,"I was skeptical when I first bought it, but after hearing it was similiar to theme hospital, it was an instant buy. Even now, aside from one or two bugs I feel like the game is already finished and could in theory be released now for the price. Luckily it hasn't and the devs are still working on it. I had fun all the time while playing and although a main menu would be nice, it's fun to start your prison from scratch again and again. I am not  really sure with what they could add too it, maybe a competitve multiplayer in which the more prisoners you holdthe more points you get and you need to beat another prison. But from the current state I would say it's a good buy and if anyone liked theme hospital, they would love this,"
76561198134746926,Recommended,233450,10086905,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,elzorrofxt,awesome.  fun to play with lots of growth potential.
,Recommended,233450,10088132,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,UnseenKaution,Cant stop palying! i got name in game edition and putting friends in prison is great. This game is a blast!
,Recommended,233450,10088259,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,WarpedPerspectiv,"If you think you'd like it, you will. It's pretty fun and addictive. While it IS an early access game, the devs are always hard at work on it and putting in new stuff. As far as these games go, it's already playable as it is. You can get hours of entertainment from it."
76561197979324738,Recommended,233450,10090557,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Dr. Chim Richelds,"This game is loads of solitary fun.The joys of sending someone to their personal hell for days on end is non-stop greatness. Riots ensue, drugs are used, Shawshanks are created. It's the hollywood movie of prison management. If anyone escapes, punish the rest of the prison with a lockdown that lasts for days, and when the riots come, and they will, bring in the riot police and squash the uprising with lead and electricity.The only thing I wish was a way to use the games electric chair after the initial tutorial. I know it's not my role to decide the life or death fate of my prisoners ,(shotgun shells are pretty fatal, so IDK) but when Frank ""The Shank"" Williams has killed eight of my guards, his time has come.Get it. Make North Korea look bad."
,Recommended,233450,9985086,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,madsen,"The tutorial/intro sets a pretty dark tone and serves great as motivation to actually play the game. (A tutorial of any consequence is an incredibly rare thing in sim games, one that places you in a moral dilemma even more so.) Even though I have barely scratched the surface of the game, it's not hard to tell that Prison Architect is a labor of love and that the devs are dedicated to delivering an interesting and original sim. The fact that they aren't afraid of making a statement (through game play) sets it even further apart from most modern sims and is both nice and refreshing."
76561198073532774,Recommended,233450,9990711,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Rxdhoods,"I played this game for 2 hours last night, and I fell in love with the game straight away! It's such a fun game and the start to it is really fun to do; you get to know how the game mechanics work and a brief understanding of what you are supposed to be doing! This game is in early alpha which means there is a lot more to come. So this game is going to keep getting better and better plus their updating it every single day to check bugs or glitches!I would reccomend this game to any one who likes to control how you want to do things and you enjoy the challenge of building the best prison you possibly can. Plus lots more features you have to find out for yourself! But trust me, it's worth every penny! If you want to save some money, I would reccomend getting it now (1/5/14) for 66% off which is £6.79 or normal price of £19.99!Rating - 10/10"
76561198023067330,Recommended,233450,9998010,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,✘Strychnine✘,"So, i have this game for like, umm, 2 hours and i have like one hour played? Yeah, sounds about right. Well, i was interested in this game since it's announcement, however, i didn't back it back then. And with this purchase, i realized how stupid it was not to back it / preorder it back then. 'Cause this game is absolutely stunning. For a comparison, it's more complex Sim City, but prison themed. When you start the game for the first time, you'll be welcomed with a 10 minute introduction which will show you how does the game system work. However, it doesn't show you everything, but this is compensated with the ingame wiki, but still, you will have to search for some guides on the internet. But that's just a minor problem as the game is still in the alpha stage. And that's what surprises me at most. I've never seen a game in the alpha stage that is polished like this one. Everything seems to work so far and there aren't any major bugs or glitches. The graphic style of the game is also awesome - it's little bit cartoonish and cellshaded - and i like that. The detail of every single prisoner is absolutely outstanding, too. You can view prisoner's bio, which is impressively detailed and so on. Every prisoner also has a name and traits, so the game gets really personal in this branch. Also with the new update, the riots have been added to the game, so if you won't keep your prisoners happy, there is a chance that your prison will change into a warzone. I also like the building system. Remember how in the games like Sim City, Prison Tycoon, Zoo Tycoon and many other games was the building only a matter of the single click and no waiting? Well in this one, you can forget it. First, you have to wait for the material to arrive, second, you have to wait for the workers to obtain it and unpack it and actually BUILD IT. This improvement adds that realism feeling to the game, and that's how i like it. Well, to end this review - it's hard to judge the game now, in the alpha stage, as the developers can ♥♥♥♥ it up or make it even better that it is right now, but in this state, the game is ABSOLUTELY AWESOME AND YOU SHOULD GET IT! YOU WON'T REGRET, I PROMISE!My verdict as of 2.5. 2014: 99% (-1% because of the short tutorial)"
,Recommended,233450,9998459,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,lime,"This is a really surprisingly good game, when i bought this i thought, i could build a prison once, but then be to bored to play it again, i was quite wrong"
,Recommended,233450,10002906,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,AD | MeMeBigFag,an amazing game so addicting
,Recommended,233450,10007018,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Mom's Spaghetti,"best indie game i ever played so far....hell yeah it's  still in Alpha phase.Once you finished  your own playhouse,all you  gotta do is either watch♥♥♥♥♥♥happens or make♥♥♥♥♥♥happens :p"
76561198005329290,Recommended,233450,10172932,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Duncan,"A real time sync, for something thats not yet ""finished"" I have put more hours into this than many a AAA game already"
,Recommended,233450,9138271,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,=-=Woody=-=,Good game!
,Recommended,233450,8932758,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,TallBoy3095,"Absolutly love it, its still in Alpha and its amazing watching it change and evolve over time. Go buy it...!!!!"
,Recommended,233450,9021512,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,TheCanadianLizard,Found a rake in a toilet.10/10
,Recommended,233450,9061852,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Faetan,A unique take on a sim game is Prison Architect.Still only in Alpha but the gameplay and devotion from the devs has been great so far. I purchased this as one of the first early access games and is one I have no regrets purchasing.The game will give you a look into prison systems and give you the opportunity to make your own Alcatraz. Prisoners will behave differently and also try and escape in many ways.In all worth the purchase.
,Recommended,233450,8408903,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ZombieslayR,"Although still lacking quite a few feature (which can be forgiven as this game is in Alpha) this game is still, at least in its current state one of my favorite games! It's quirky, gimmicky and slightly difficult.On top of that it does actually require some skill, then you'll need to refine those skills to actually be good at the game. In this game though you can't rely on your skills, with many, seemingly, random events just waiting to come and mess up your brilliant regime!Along side those immersive and fun elements, the backstories of many prisoners are hilarious! Being designed by the community and backers of this project, some of them are truly unique and most are beautifully original."
76561198048223486,Recommended,233450,8409605,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Rick Grimes,its preaty fun game
,Recommended,233450,8416890,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bratella,"This Game Is Hard But Once You Get The Hang Of It, Its The Fun."
76561198040969163,Recommended,233450,7570565,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Antares,"Quite a decent simulation. Has its moment, thought it is not a final product yet. The only major problem that I have encountered thus far is  lack of grants, but this can be easily resolved through mods which add extra governmental funding. Worth playing."
,Recommended,233450,8890446,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,marcodecca,Great game if you like games like SimCity an the like. Cant wait to see what future updates of the Alpha have in store.
76561197980242403,Recommended,233450,11061863,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,jauterino,"Bloody addicting game.  Still some bugs but monthly updates are looking good. Best alpha game I've invested in so far.  Game play is pretty straight forward, designing is fun, failure is funny. If you like strategy/city building games you'll like this one.  I never thought I'd invest so much time into the game when I bought it."
,Recommended,233450,11125108,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Shortlived,"This game was one that I put off purchasing for several reasons: (1) it was a simulator, (2) It is in Alpha, (3) the graphics are terrible. However, after thirty hours of game play (in two weeks), I think it's fair to say that the game exceeded every expectation I had of it.﻿  Prison Architect has a few bugs and a handful of missing features, but it is absolutely addicting and remarkable."
,Recommended,233450,10897371,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,moose,This is an excellent game. It's Like a survival game but you have an ever expanding population to care for and they like to kill people once in a while. The game also is magic so it can be whatever you want it to be.
,Recommended,233450,10901723,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Raes,Good fun
76561198095547626,Recommended,233450,10867748,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Gk McWeaslebean,nah i reckon lockin up lads is good fun
76561198048482068,Recommended,233450,10887015,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,holymatt,"This game is excellent in its current state.  I've only had it a few days and I've already invested hours in it.  If you're on the fence about it I would say get it, especially while it's on sale."
,Recommended,233450,10814348,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,XAVI,"I've had a great time building my first few awesome prison. I fing there is just enough to do right now to have a complex prison. I enjoyed expermenting to create optimal buildings, rooms and planning configuration. The game is really worth buying and while it still lack some depth I still strongly recommand.I wish there would be more room in the game for some kind of crazy prisons relying on exploited mechanics, maybe something like using fear or propaganda to increase hapiness or organizing smuggling routes to make money."
,Recommended,233450,11342412,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,TheD_Rutan,"This is probably the best game in its class, and is definitly worth paying for. The dev team has done an outstanding job bug bashing, doing so presented an almost flawless sandbox."
,Recommended,233450,11253306,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Zacintosh,"If this game is on sale, buy it. Once all the bugs are fixed and there is more content, it will be amazing."
,Recommended,233450,10114711,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Metro Boomin',"Addicting, Amazing, Fantastic, Imaginative, Rewarding, Creative. Whatelse would you want from a game? This is an amazing simulation game that I'd purely recommend. I know what you're thinking... It's a simulation game, a pure waste of money. Surprisingly it's not. Most simulation games now on Steam are just thrown out into the world of gamers, not cared about but just the quick buck. This game is designed amazingly, with many details that would kill you to overlook. It is a killer game that is only in Early Access. So, now that I've said enough, go play and have some fun!!!"
76561198058800461,Recommended,233450,11383096,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,English Narwhal,"Prison Architect is both frustrating and incredibly wonderful to play. It's difficult without being artificially so, challenging without being impossible, and allows for that previously untapped desire to build prisons to run wild."
,Recommended,233450,11516205,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Jack Daniels,"Fantastic simulation game. While there may be bugs and it is constantly being worked on, the team is great and the gameplay is highly functional. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone!"
76561198005493419,Recommended,233450,11361742,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,TTTTTANK,"Prison Architecht is one of those games i could play for hours and hours. In its current state i would still say its worthwile, there are many annoying bugs, a lot of which appear to have been fixed, since the ""bug bash"" last month. it is a very playable game and doesent have many game breaking bugs that i have seen. At the moment it lacks an endgame, however its updated monthly (most of the time) and everytime they release a new feature it keeps me going for several hours straight until ive had my fill, where i leave it for the next update.There are features at present which dont get used much it would seem, my prison has never caught fire for example. The prisoners used to tunnel every day to escape. They no longer bother at all. I put this down to how i play. This shows the quality of the game as what you do affects the game in a manner that you would expect - i treat my prisoners right, give them what they need and they dont kick up a fuss unless something changes.its difficulty is interesting. its pretty easy to get the hang of it i would say, one of those trial and error games for a few hours, but its not annoying, your learning and having fun with the game, its not a problem to start over and your prison gets better each time. its quite clever, becuase you only have to expand as much as you want to. The layout of your prison is important, but it doesent mean you cant have a great working prison if your layout is rubbish - its great to run a prison and find out why your prisoners are getting annoyed, so you can fix it. The ways you can do this are numerous. You can just have more guards in certain areas, or armed guards, to really quiet them down. but if you have a good layout, and good schedule for them you dont need to.i would say im pretty good at the game, this has actually led to the game being a bit boring as my prison runs very nicely, and requires little to no help from me. The rehabilitation side of the game, has a lot of promise in it, and is causing me to rethink my prison layout once again, in oder to rehabilitate as many of the prisoners as possible.Some may think its rather pricey, and thats understandable, and with the simple graphics and what might appear to be limited gameplay there is a chance youd be annoyed with your purchase. I followed the game for sometime before buying, so i knew more of what to expect and i wasnt dissapointed. You will probably find yourself playing for a large stint at first as its quite addictive. You will soon grasp the game and play it more efficently. Eventually you will hit the early access wall where you wait for new features to come out. this for me at least, is the trend of early access games. I have confidence the endgame portion of prison architect will round off the game very nicely, but until then, i am content with the monthly updates.If you dislike early access games for being incomplete, this is no different, its not finished, but if you like strategy/simulator games you will enjoy this for many hours before you hit the ""wall"" i talked about, the other thing is that this early access model allows for more playability, as you often have to change aspects of your prison each time there is a new update. i got the game around the tunnels update. after that was the dogs, and now the budget and rehab stuff.Overall, if you like sims and strategy games even in its early access form its worthwhile. To score it is tricky, as im expecting the game to be finished eventually, which leads me to the score of 7/10, in its completed state i imagine it to be an 8 or even a 9/10."
,Recommended,233450,8032587,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,noddy-,This game is amazing im loving all the addons of the updates and you will get very addicted to the game -Jamiee
,Recommended,233450,11982647,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,=7Cav= SPC.Jacobs.R,"Prison Architect, although simplistic in design, holds the keys to many of it's prison-themed predecessors, and it's still in Alpha! The game is coming along great and it won't disappoint, especially if you're a tycoon buff, like I am!"
,Recommended,233450,11938918,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Kermit the Verdin,"1st Prison - took too long to build individual cells, Riot broke out killed my only 3 cops.2nd Prison - Prison area was too small for my growing prison. In an attemp to expand my fence all my prisoners escaped3rd Prison - Lasted 58 days before i took out too many loans to build a nice school building and work area, when the kitchen fire destroyed my canteen i had no money to repair and my starving prisoners rioted.4th Prison - after over 100 days i was able to sell it for over 1 million dollars :) success!5th Prison - First time trying large map we shall see how it goesGreat game! tons of fun! they keep coming out with new features and keeping the game fresh! I HIGHLY recommend if you are into these type of games.1 last thing Spoons are a prisoners best friend. I dont know why but at any given moment if you do a shakedown 80% of the contraband are spoons."
,Recommended,233450,7831211,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Penguinjon,This game is da bomb-diggity
,Recommended,233450,6843303,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,cancelHoo,I could care less if they ever finish this. I already have well over 100 hours on this and I think I need an intervention.
76561198143811406,Recommended,233450,18365381,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,BM Mile,"Finally, been 2 years but been really worth wait"
,Recommended,233450,19554069,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Rick sanchez,"very cool i spend hours playing this game, i totally recomend it, i recomended to all my steam user friends and i still am going to recomendP.S. there is some kind of e-mail or whatever to contact the creators to give some ideas?"
76561198051928754,Recommended,233450,21351360,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,YT | Muffin,I am still not sure on this as it feels like an extended walk though at times. I gave it a thumbs up because I am enjoying it
,Recommended,233450,20239335,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ϟ Electro-BLITZ ϟ,One of the best prison simulation to date!I would definitly recommend those who are into simulations to try this one out!
,Recommended,233450,21306967,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Just1n3 Hunt3r,Im applying for a job as an prison ward right now wish me gl
,Recommended,233450,16076141,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,MattyP UTFI,I've played this game from around Alpha 15 and there has never been a dull moment! This is one my favourite games; you should all buy it right now! 10/10
76561198045456249,Recommended,233450,18362598,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,ochopo,"As simulation games, funny games that can crowded.However, the speed drops significantly when more than 500 people.Other than that I think that high degree of perfection good game."
76561197995131153,Recommended,233450,16767147,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Oasis au Choculatte,"Absolutely love this game. One of the best games Ive ever played. I put this right up there alongside Red Alert, Rise of Nations, Half Life and Team Fortress 2. The complexity of the game gives you plenty to do, and with mods added theres a ton of things to do. And whatsmore? There are no limits to what you can build or how big to build the prison. Just for kicks I tried seeing what the limits are: there are none; you can build practically infinite amounts of objects, utilities or staff. You can go as big as the sky if you want. With the Alpha's coming to a close in December, and the game to be released in full, I was hoping for a few extra features in the game itself to allow for mods like, trucks taking a different route into the prison, or multi-floors. Im sure someone will figure out how to manipulate the game code to do that. But for now, I give this game two thumbs way up for its creativity and fun."
76561198064988699,Recommended,233450,25278847,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,balistik5000,Great game. Been playing it for awhile and I've never not been entertained trying to manage the prison. I even took a step back and just admired the game when a fire happened out of nowhere and my staff and prisoners were just too focused on working to try an descape the fire. Would stand amazed as my prison let itself die in a fire again 11/10
76561198061007281,Recommended,233450,10666931,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,stantec,Fantastico
,Recommended,233450,11603954,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,jric,"I really like this game. From the graphics, to the color, diversity, originality and scenarios, this game is pretty top notch. Although still in development and suffering from a few bugs here and there, this title is quite a good purchase and definitly worth the money. It does take a little bit of effort in the planning of cells and inmate transfers, the game will even out eventually."
,Recommended,233450,17737768,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Jonbasaurus,"This game is absolutely fantastic and appealed to my creative side. After following the alpha videos for two years i was in love with the game, when i finally bought the game it was as amazing as i thought."
76561198025093178,Recommended,233450,16918717,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,ihKu47,"Still in Alpha, but sucks you in and wastes your time even more than the usual management sims. The excellent state of the game leaves me with high hopes for the finished product."
,Recommended,233450,1368754,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Arkan01d,"Prison Architect is fun enough, even in its Alpha stage, that I've already sunk 24hrs into playing it. You design a prison, you take in prisoners and keep them happy, or not. I really like this game for the planning. This game allows you to draw up plans before you build. You can set out your whole architect before the game begins and slowly build your way to a full prison. There is a lot of stuff that is unimplimented yet and the menu designs are a bit difficult to find the items you want, but it's just an Alpha. Oh and riots are a lot of fun, esp when a few prisoners sneak guns into the prison... Ahhh good times.. Good times.."
,Recommended,233450,18373819,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,BowlsO'Noodles,nice
,Recommended,233450,8424538,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Jeff,Very challenging game but deffinately one of the best I've ever played!
,Recommended,233450,7386977,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Chreees,"Evil, brutal and unforgiving.  The prisoners are all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sbut that is fine because you can be a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ warden too.  The updates keep making the game better and more intersting/evil."
,Recommended,233450,14280253,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,ponylegs,i like it
,Recommended,233450,6107533,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,mrrbatty,"An amazing game, if you want to put the time and effort into making a great prision. Money is an issue, limiting your creative ideas (although I edit game files to give me unlimited). The game is in an alpha, so do expect many glitches. Great overall game."
,Recommended,233450,18427664,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,IamTheSpy!,It got out of early access.10/10
76561198057705410,Recommended,233450,14314906,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,DahKing,Good game do not think its worth the 30 $ wait for it to go on sale like how it is now !!!
,Recommended,233450,10198115,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Dennis the cool,"Id advise to watch someone else play it, and see it you like it, then decide. Great game though, i love it!"
,Recommended,233450,15676344,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,th0ma5,"A good game, still in alpha and very playable but needs more polish. Some of the interface is very busy and complicated to understand at first, for example assigning time slots to deployments. With some tidying up on the interface and making it easier for the player to figure things out quicker it will be a great game. As it is, it is still a very good game worth getting."
76561198044388261,Recommended,233450,7972546,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Charlie BOIII,.
76561198143895547,Recommended,233450,16839479,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Ry6__,its a great game! Love the game. I never get bord I would rate 11/10! :D
76561198045681635,Recommended,233450,17915003,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Miss Sweet Brown,brilliant game!
76561198080579833,Recommended,233450,8320599,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Chickenhelper,"Wonderful game, extremely enjoyable, never gets boring, absolutely one of the best games on Steam."
76561198047911074,Recommended,233450,14321998,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Comrade Lenin,Thought it was midnight.Actually turned out to be 4am.Prison Architect is deliciously addictive.
,Recommended,233450,14364314,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Eevee,Great game and I can't wait till its out of beta :D9/10
76561198169984350,Recommended,233450,18367307,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,CelticWarlord,best game ever!
,Recommended,233450,13869698,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,tigofran,I recommend it. Personally i don't think it's worth 20 bucks but if you buy it in a sale it's very good. Constant updates and super funny inmate names :)PS: metal detectors are good
,Recommended,233450,8565682,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,mail929,Great fun addicting game. I have stayed up all night playing it. Many previous bugs have been fixed and many awesome features have been added. The lasting appeal can be short but luckly there is a monthly alpha update so there is always new content to play with.
,Recommended,233450,8532408,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Don't Ask,"This game is very unique and extremely well done for an indie game. Definately worth £19.99, and the DLC is great. Buy this game now!"
,Recommended,233450,15957170,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,NightMare | GFX,"I highly recommended this game to anyone reading this, At the time of writing this I have 21.2 hours and thats in about two weeks or so. This game has had me hooked, skipping important college work to check on my prison, seeing how everyone is doing to find a dead guard thats been stabbed in the shower for the third time in a row. this game throws problems at you and you end up getting attached to the game. End of the day, its a lot of fun and there are plenty of mods to improve it and the devs are very active at updating this game every now and then. Go grab this game right now, you will not regret it."
,Recommended,233450,28015665,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Late Night Gamer,"Definitely one of my favourite games. If you are like me and love strategy games, resource management games, tycoon games, and upgrade games, then this is the game for you. The replay value in this game is insane. I have built dozens of prisons for prisoners with different levels of security and with different goals for my prison in mind but (in my opinion) the best part of Prison Architect is managing your prison. Monitoring the prisoner's needs to prevent riots, assigning prisoners like snitches and ex-cops to protective custody, sweeping for controband, adding security precautions where needed, and hiring guards and staff are all things you can do in Prison Architect. Also, for an added layer of difficulty, there is not an option to have gangs in your prison."
,Recommended,233450,8813374,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Ninjaneer,"I LOVE it, it's got loads of potential but it is STILL in alpha so here is what i have done so far:1st prison- ok wtf am i am doing2nd prison- i learn more about how to make it better3rd prison- very successful!i have a decent prison with all the things i need such as metal detectors cctvs and dog patrols in the most populated areas!i recommend it for anyone who likes to play a simulation or building or strategy type game!"
76561198131595804,Recommended,233450,16218034,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Rage Against The MMR,asik
,Recommended,233450,13188685,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,OwlsEatYou,10 hours in two days... Addicting once you get the hang of it
,Recommended,233450,7791510,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,[OHG] WraithShepherd,This is an awesome game!  It is early access so there are some features that are still being enabled but it still is amazing to play!Definitely recommended it!  Especially when its on sale!
,Recommended,233450,20391099,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Sandman,"Great game, loved this game since the alpha."
,Recommended,233450,16437435,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Naty,"This game is fun and unpredictable - one of my prisons got burned to the ground!I love how many different things there are to do, and they're still adding so much more to it!Caution though -- this can easily become very addicting. But that's a good thing since you get your money's worth. For some reason controlling the lives of tiny prisoners is most satisfying.Pick it up quick before steam sale is over!!"
76561197988948838,Recommended,233450,7803732,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Slacker,"Prison Architect scratches that itch that was left behind by roller coaster tycoon.  It's wonderfully simple. You build a prison. How you manage that prison is entirly up to you.Want to build the prison out of hell, you can. Someone smuggled in a cellphone, Guess he's not seeing the ligt of day anytime soon >:D. Or you can be more forgiving. Both ways offer different chalenges.Be advised it's still only alpha build right now but with the recent update there has been a lot of improvements performance wise. However it's rather stable. I haven't had any crashes, the ocasional bug, but it's still in it's development cycle. Most AAA games get released with more bugs stil present. Also, DOG AI (apparantly that's a selling point for AAA games these days).I recommend this game, it's not everyone's cup of tea but it sure can be entertainig."
,Recommended,233450,10998459,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,MDK007,Really deserves to sell. Well done animation and sound fx. Lot's of fun manging the 3 levels of prison and maintaining the prison . Really far along for an early release game. New bug fixes make it 100% playeable.
,Recommended,233450,10082830,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Aoi,"Game's got a long way to go, but for an Early Access beta, it's pretty good. I easily dropped about several hours worth of play into it, but eventually wasn't sure what to do after that. Some aspects are more annoying than helpful in my personal opinion, and there seems to be a glitch where objects get built in a funky order...and causes problems. But, all in all, quite a fun game."
,Recommended,233450,17235753,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,کtyx ム | Selling Games,"i have played this game OVER 100 hrs, but i still cant manage to keep the prisoners alive...i think im doing something wrong... somewhere.... WHATEVERRR!!10 / 10 KILL PRISONERS AGAIN!!!"
76561197991178476,Recommended,233450,17131391,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,AutumnThree,"Prison Architect is the first game that got me into buying Alpha/Beta games.  What a joy it has been to progress with this game and its updates.This game pretty much has it all.  You get the simulation by building your own prison.  This can be done very easily or (if you intend to have alots of prisoners who are hard criminals) this can be very hard.  The game includes fincial managment, but not to a level of frustration.You start off in a small prison where one of the prisoners is being put to death.  Your first job is to make a death row cell for them.  You easily learn the basics of the game as you start to build.  Once this is done, you're left on your own to build, create, destory, and exapnd.It is up to you if you want to reform your prisoners and give them jobs, education and other skills.  Or as Warden you can keep them locked up tightly unable to have any freedoms.  Gangs fight often and snitches get stiches real quick!  Find a few CIs to help you keep the hard to handle prisoners under control.Train your guards, hire some guard dogs, and build a nice security system.  Your limits are boundless, truely.And don't let the Alpha scare you away.  The game bugs are fixed quickly and any updates make you seem like you've gotten a brand new game.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,233450,13751890,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Contemplative Panda,"Amazing game I've spent so much time in it, wow. I enjoy making very tight and efficient prison and then locking up the piggies and starving them for hours. Then I employ hundreds of guards so if the piggies try to revolt they get beaten down time and time again.Long live the prisons, long live the PIGGIES!"
,Recommended,233450,10801621,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Koreanbull,Just have a little faith. - Prison Break
,Recommended,233450,13478794,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Personear,"I'm not great at reviews, but I still want to recommend this game. This is one of the very few ""Early Access"" games that is worth the buy. The devs are constantly updating the game, they are interactive with the players and always lets us know about what's planned in the future. They put out a monthly update with avideoexplaining exactly what the added."
76561198062181151,Recommended,233450,20902997,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,muchispac,"Spend 10 hours planning, building your prison. Let the prisoners in for 10 mins, realise your prison doesn't work and start again because you didnt know what you did wrong."
,Recommended,233450,13490173,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Sol,"I love Sim games. The classics like SimCity, Tycoon, Theme Hospital and the like. This feels like one of them. And definitely a fantastic game you should play if you're a fan of any of the aforementioned games."
,Recommended,233450,18367168,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,MistMaster,This game has come a long way since its early stages and is by far one of the best sandbox games on steam. The new prisoner mode is an added bonus but it still needs some polishing.The game easily gets a 9/10.
,Recommended,233450,10034341,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Wildthorne,"Definitely has a very big potential, especially with workshop. Some people criticise for slow development and the amount of money that game make since it was lunched. But i've seen much worse. This game has many things to offer. I agree that the price can be lower, but we dont know how much money goes for taxes and resellers.So bottom line is I strongly recommended this game if you like micromanagement and tycoon games."
,Recommended,233450,12529163,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,AshGooner,> Plays Prison Architect.> Spends ages designing nice prison.> Let's prisoners in.> Third day - Full riot.> All guards dead.> Fin.
,Recommended,233450,13517324,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Reevo hellcase.com,One of the best games I ever played!I highly recommend it!10/10
,Recommended,233450,10003536,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,mike,Really fun for an early access/alpha game! I managed to work around the bugs (damn you small pipes!) and I'm looking forward to the patches to come.
,Recommended,233450,15324230,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Koni The Conqueror,"In this game you build a prison to keep your prisoners safe and also feeding them,keep them clean,animate them,...,learn them things,...This game is one of my favorite games i really like it and its early access so that means they will keep adding things!and its alredy amazing!"
,Recommended,233450,16739474,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Pedro7AC4,Early access done right. Excellent game
76561198003894620,Recommended,233450,16689868,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Q!,"A rather compelling sim game which initially looks simple but the deeper you delve in the more there is to it. An easy going open ended style has you try to get grants based on how you wish to run your prison, gaining half up front while the other half comes when you complete the objectives. A bit of a steep learning curve and sometimnes your mistakes are not easily fixed. I restarted a few times once I realize dmy mistakes weren't worth correcting, once you understand the flow of the game and make sure you understand th reqs for the rooms and how some of the slightly more complex items work you will begin to construct your mega prison or clubhouse for felons, either way. Got this on sale for 5 bucks, great deal. For 30.00 I may wait for a few of the bugs to be worked out. The ONLY complaint I have was when the vehicles on the road stalled out when prisoners were in the road and after several days of trying to tget them to move I realized I will just have to start over, I am truthfully not that disappointed to start off and make one even better."
,Recommended,233450,16704854,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,*BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRT*,"Prison Architect is a very cool Sandbox game. [WARNING!] IT IS JUST IN ALPHA, SO DONT GET MAD FOR BUGS IF YOU BOUGHT IT ! As i said, it is only in Alpha stage, but a LOT of progress has been done. So, you start with a road, bunch of workers, and a field, that your prison will be on. You (atleast should) start with a holding cell for your first peeps, then you build a canteen and a shower. Then you can start to build individual cells, and then a yard, and then a visitation room and i could go, and go, and go with those thing but it would be so long, that it would took so much time, and nobody likes such long reviews. Anyway, the game lets you put in your custom prisoner. YES, you can even create Gabe as i saw that someone sent his apply, and he will be in-game after the next update. You can find lots of cool prisoners. There is even Snoop Dogg, CJ from GTA:SA and lots of cool prisoners. This game could really suck your time. We shouldn't care for the bugs ATM because it's just Alpha and we know that they'll eventually fix 'em.+Really addicting+Very Cool+Not complicated (well, it is but only a little bit)+Graphics are cute+You can put in custom prisoners-Bugs (As i said, it's only Alpha, so we shouldn't care about them)-The music in the background feels like... Like it's just not there-Sometimes, if you don't pay atention, your prison could be a giant mess.Overall : 9/10[Alpha overall, if they release the full game i might change it]"
76561198092441914,Recommended,233450,16614190,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,mavilu,"Very nice game, definitely worth the time! :)"
,Recommended,233450,16578280,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,pirxthepilot,"&quot♥♥♥♥♥♥it's 5am"" -Me, for the past few days since I bought this game"
76561198080930020,Recommended,233450,16643594,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,_alice_4,After taking hours and looking up several guides I started to understand how to play the game. Was finally making progress but somehow there got to be a hole in the wall and everyone either died or escaped because no matter what I tried the workmen would fix it because it was unsafe.I constantly have rooms that will not be finished. They will have entrances but remain as the foundation.
76561198007369423,Recommended,233450,16624090,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,gomerbodinee,212 hours for a game that is on sale now for $4.49.Thats less than a double quarter pounder with cheese.
,Recommended,233450,15217261,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,bhuminson,"Although I haven't experienced the entirety of this game yet, I have had loads of fun playing it for 16 hours in the past 2 days. This game is unique, simple, addicting and just amazing. I hope it only gets better from here throughout development. If you are even slightly interested in playing this game, I strongly recommend you to just buy it and give it a shot. You won't regret it. 11/10."
76561198054134857,Recommended,233450,18358667,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Angel Of Death,1 of the best games i have play for now :Dist just awsome worth to buy for 20 € or 13 € just DOIT AND PLAY FOR HOURS !!!
76561198057136422,Recommended,233450,16667246,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,<( '´_ゝ`)>,I mistreat minorities in my prison.
76561198062126280,Recommended,233450,7848132,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,saintclaymore,"This game is wonderful sim game that keeps getting better with each update. It has great humor and level design flexible. If you're a fan of sim city genre games this is must to own to round out your collection.The only issue I have at the moment is it is very hard to not ""fail"" at managing a prison. Riots, murder, escape and general disorderal prisons are a given seemly no matter how you design your prison. Then again it would be pretty boring without any action."
76561198034428187,Recommended,233450,9992507,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Jonesi11,"I found a pretty hilarious problem.  When escorting my prisoners to their cells, the guards will keep bringing all of the prisoners in and out of different cells and then restarting and doing it again. So I cant continue the game because they wont do anything else. XD"
,Recommended,233450,9914742,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,NarutoNemo,"I can't stop playing. i keep looking up playthroughs and updates, and i just want more from this game. i cant wait tell this is moving along at a steady rate. i await all the updates :)"
,Recommended,233450,18363135,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,{SoR} Blackfire1,Don't let 60+ hours fool you. I've bought this game three different times for three different people. One of which I spent the last 9 months living on their couch looking for work. Playing this game on their lap top when bored.This game. Is everything Kickstarter/EarlyAccess SHOULD be. Constant game changing systems being added. Bugs getting smashed over and over. I'm proud to have supported them in their endevors.Pro's-Amazingly Well built.-Multiple integrated systems that unlock options according to what you research. Want and easier game. Don't research.-Multiple designs to experiment with.-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or .... well ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥? Play how you want.-♥♥♥♥ up and get thrown into your own prison. Then escape your own prison.Con's-Some very easy cheating methods that make a portion of the game obsolete.-Some efficient designs > others-Giant prisons not efficient.
76561197970999694,Recommended,233450,18363864,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,renfe,"Incredibly addictive. I bought this early, early access. I don't have a lot of time to play games, but this one sucked me in and stole hours of my time. The developers have poured a huge amount of love into this game, and it shows."
76561197989767714,Recommended,233450,18361796,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Dr. Do Little,"This game is highly developed economic and management strategy with great degree of emoltional appeal towards your creation. Ofcourse it takes serious approach to feel all the features of the game, but if you just play it casually you are still guaranteed good impressioan from a top-quality game!BTW, workshop content is awesome, and that another positive feature. I am so glad I didn't miss it!"
,Recommended,233450,15408576,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,kWarrior,"Very fun and challenging. One of the very first type of games I have played, and I enjoyed it a lot and once I get a better computer I willdefinitleybe playing this game more, I love it."
,Recommended,233450,8816174,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Bit Fiendish,"Very Fun Alpha, A Few Bugs, Very fun.Hope to see more features!"
76561198103453823,Recommended,233450,17179117,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,President Morty,One of the best games I have ever played! :)
76561198059165979,Recommended,233450,16476541,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,tobbz,One of the best strategy games ever. And the best company behind it as well!!
,Recommended,233450,10016008,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,laggyteabag,"AS OF ALPHA 20 UPDATEReviewing a game in early Alpha is a difficult task, especially as the game could change drastically as early as the next update, but Prison Architect is just one of those games where the game as it is, is just simply amazing, despite its apparent simplicity.Prison Architect, as you can probably tell by the name, is a game where you design, build and manage a prison. Gameplay wise, the game reminds me a lot of the 2002 game Hotel Giant, this is because in Prison Architect you get to design everything that goes on inside of your prison, be it the size of your cell blocks, the location of your canteen, how long your prisoners get for their free time periods, and even what staff you employ. It feels great to just zoom out, see the size of your prison and watch everyone wander around inside doing their respective jobs, and just soak it all in. It is a great experience.Whilst there currently is no story, and I don’t ever really expect there to be one, the tutorial of the game tells you the small story of a man who is on death row, and you need to build the facility to perform the task of executing him. Whilst this small tutorial does teach you how to build execution chambers and the importance of power lines, it does leave out quite a large portion of information that would have been useful to a starting player, such as the importance of a yard, or the existence of a holding cell, how to manage the daily schedule, or the entirety of the bureaucracy tree and what it does. There is definitely room for improvement in terms of this tutorial, but as it stands, the Prison Architect Wiki and YouTube videos offer more than enough information as to how to get your prison started in the first place.Graphically the game is very simplistic, everything looks like it would fit in right at home in Paper Mario, and it is probably for the best. Each person is easy to distinguish by their uniform, such as the Prisoners that wear either grey, orange or red overalls, or the guard which wear blue uniforms and hats, this makes it easy to spot where there is a concentration of prisoners, or a lack of guards in an area, It also allows you to spot important details such as tunnels, or broken furniture or equipment. As a result of this 2D art style however, there is a lack of graphics options, so if you are looking for a game with mind-blowing graphics, you are not going to find it here.One thing that the game does very well is alert you for events through sound, for example, if you hear a small crackle of electricity, you know that a prisoner has been detained by a guard using a taser, or if you hear a few short beeps, that alerts you that a guard has engaged a prisoner in melee combat to subdue him, or if there is a large amount of shouting, you can be sure that a fight has broken out, or a riot is imminent, this makes it very easy to determine what events are to follow, and how to respond to them.One of the best things that they added in ALPHA 20 is the inclusion of a failure state, this is a common inclusion in most games, but the failure states in Prison Architect are both unique and interesting. For example, if too many prisoners die within a short amount of time, you are arrested, and placed inside of your prison as a prisoner that you can control, but all options such as building, or controlling other characters are removed. Another failure state occurs if there is a riot that is uncontrolled, in which case the national guard will roll in and systematically kill each and every one of your prisoners to put down the riot once and for all. These endings allow the game to end interestingly, and are often a satisfying conclusion to a long run developing your prison. Alternatively, if you get bored with your prison, you are able to sell off your prison, and all profit earned is transferred to your next game.As expected, there are quite a large amount of bugs and glitches that occur with this game, but as this is a early access game, it really is part of the package. I have not yet experienced any game breaking bugs, but glitches such as some staff wanting to go through jail doors as opposed to the staff door located next to it, or prisoners standing in a single location and refusing to move. But I expect most of these bugs to be fixed as of the final release of the game.Prison Architect is just a fun little game, and is well worth the price. It is one of those games where you really can lose yourself and spend multiple hours managing your prison and everything within it. I cannot recommend this game enough, and I really do hope that you all enjoy it as much as I do."
76561198039572825,Recommended,233450,15218116,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Führer Fibonacci,"The game is really fun, all the mods and prisons you can download are just overwhalming."
,Recommended,233450,4002099,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Marky Mark the FUN-GINEER,Fun to play and overall great performance in this alpha. (9/10)
,Recommended,233450,11644423,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,A Wet Sock,"The game isn't finished yet, but I still highly reccomend it to anyone into games like Roller Coaster Tycoon and such. These Devs are incredibly supportive, dropping massive updates once a month along with YouTube videos showcasing the updates. Great Buy!"
,Recommended,233450,25299711,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,𝔉𝔞𝔢𝔯𝑦𝔞𝔩𝔩,"FEAR THE HITLER> Started off nice and dandy in a sandbox mode with limitless monetary resources.> Chose a corrupt warden and didn't put a toilet in his office.> Bank balance turned negative day 1.> Got too slow implementing enough cells in time for prisoners.> Prisoners kept piling up till the score was 450/40 because I didn't turn off daily intake.> Killed 200 prisoners in one day thanks to snipers, armed forces, and guard tasers.9/10 would cause Prisoner Holocaust again."
,Recommended,233450,25299574,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,treecast,"i got this game when it was in an alpha, and it is very good and solid and has quite a lot of content even though it's only in version 2.0"
76561198049754654,Recommended,233450,20457435,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,j1mmyd,"Great game! Reminds me a lot of theme hospital and the original dungeon keeper. It has a bit of a steep learning curve, but other than that it is faultless."
,Recommended,233450,16427054,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,KingWeir,"Surprisingly addictive game!Its feels like a modern twist on the medieval city builder management game, where you build where your workers get there food etc.But in this case, the added twist that your workers are also how you get your resources (more money for each inmate in your jail) and also natural threat (don't control them and they will turn on your like a rabbit wolf).The Jail theme is a great twist to the genre! Just hope the developers stick with it!"
,Recommended,233450,10454752,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,khraiven,"An incredible game (though VERY buggy currently), with even bigger potential. I've played dozens of sims over the years, and this one really is something special. The crew working on it is clearly passionate about what they're making, as it advances faster than most AAA titles. Kudos team, and cannot wait to see what it's like in 6 months."
76561198089314759,Recommended,233450,13505712,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Irish__Chick,Pretty good game - definitely addictive - however I stopped playing due to a number of gamebreaking bugs - although by now that is probably sorted. Controls a little counter intuitive at times but still good fun.
76561198007462918,Recommended,233450,8147447,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Eldertree,"This game really deserve all the attention it is getting at the moment. I get flashbacks to Bullfrogs Team Hospital wich was great. This game is a sim on the same track. You start of building a prison and continue with completing checklists with small quest. If you are in to building and micromanagement sims, this is the game for you.Keep in mind that this is still an Early-Access game and have some minor bugs, but very few in my opinion. The control mechanics are also a bit dodgy, but when you get use to them they work."
,Recommended,233450,8402832,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Blakenator,This game is well worth the money. I would recommend to anyone who likes upgrade games!
,Recommended,233450,1455941,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Jhzanto,"I don't usually enjoy simulation games, but I must say that this one is a blast!"
76561198033087299,Recommended,233450,7819961,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Riggs,"Thumbs up for this one. Easy, enjoyabe and a lots of fun."
,Recommended,233450,9259268,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,#nofilter,"If you like to push people around, watch gigantic fights happen in cantines, have people bleeding out and waiting two days for medical help, and/or just having people bleed out in general, this is your type of game.Oh yeah and you run a prison too"
76561197996695560,Recommended,233450,12254904,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,RRS Boaty McBoatface,"Summary: A wonderfully created and well thought out game. There is obvious love in this series with the sky being the limit with the type/amount of content this developer could add. I highly recommend anybody interested in creating their own prison, or even thinking about ""hey I need a new building game,"" to give this little gem a shot.Post 8 hour summary: Prison architect is an easy to learn, but harder to master, game that involves delicate manipulation of prisoner populations in order to run a successful and profitable prison. The indie nature of the game is apparent but adds to the charm of this title with the easily animated ""circles"" of characters happily whistle and glide throughout the lengths of your prison in comical fashion. Donot, however, feel like this game will be a walk in the park for even experienced sim users. If you do not quickly address your prisoners needs you will soon learn that beneath the ""friendly"" nature of the game lies a darker system of violence, blood shed, and even death. I mean, who wants to see their favourite K9 get killed in a mass riot?(review to continue)Positive:+ Wonderfully complex prisoner mood/attitude system+ Moderate learning curve with steep learning curve to mastery+ Regular content updates to keep things fresh and bugs minimal+ Graphics are delightfully comical considering the ""dark"" nature of the gameNegative- Certain tools, such as cloning, could use additional work- Worker AI still manages to trap themselves in rooms- Tutorial could be expanded to cover more topics"
,Recommended,233450,27326786,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FinalDasa,A great game for lovers of the old school tycoon games.
,Recommended,233450,13195823,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,matt,> Buy Prison Architect on sale for $4.99> Build awesome looking swag prison> Riot Starts>  Getting overun!> Call in Riot Police and spam Guards> Knock out all prisoners10/10 would riot again
,Recommended,233450,13262722,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Baywatch Reject,I made a prison and they didn't like it so they made shanks and killed my guards. 10/10 gr8 game
,Recommended,233450,18430127,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Dovahkiin,"Builld, Manage, Kill, Fail. REPEAT   10/10"
76561198001571704,Recommended,233450,13784070,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Fencejumper,"Played this game a few hours, here and there. It's nice when you need something to do for 5-10minutes, Then you look a the clock and you've been up all night playing it.It's really good for an early access game, lots of features already implemented, LOTS of features that are reasonably complex and are fun to figure out.Definately worth getting if you have a computer and enjoy using it."
,Recommended,233450,5196569,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,ForksYay,"Built a prison, bought too many guards, not enough cells, ran out of money.5/5"
,Recommended,233450,8343481,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Viggles,"SANDBOX:It's fun throwing a prisoner into permanent solitary confinement, stationing 2 armed guards ouside his cell, and then killing him when he gets angry over a lack of a bed or toilet. Would reccomend to any sadist.ESCAPE MODE:Last time I played escape mode, I grabbed a knife in the kitchen and proceeded to shank 15 cooks. Guards responded and were promtply stabbed in the neck. I grabbed a taser and took out an armed guard. Picked up his gun and went on a rampage, killing 200 guards/prisoners before burning down 2 cell blocks and escaping with about 1000 other prisoners in a riot after we killed the responding riot police and firemen."
,Recommended,233450,8442032,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,The Duke Of Jukes,"Great game! And still a WIP. Great stratergy game for those who are seasoned to the genre, but perfect to learn from as well. Don't get me wrong, it hard. I must have had 100's of times were I've been making a prison, almost got it fully functioning, the prisoners arive, and then theres a hole in the wall and the prisoners escape and I have to restart. But I'm ok with. A game that takes time to learn and is very rewarding when you do. Endless play factor. 'Nuff said."
76561198030965719,Recommended,233450,4029244,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,NerdyVampire,"I recommend this game so very much.I got in on this game in what I believe was alpha 8, and since then the developers has released new features and fixes each and every month on the dot. It has been a very enjoyable experience, to see the game grow every month and see that the developers have passion and pay attention to the community.Every month they release a little video describing what they have done, show it to us in the game and tell us what they're gonna do next. It's the best alpha experience I've had.Now for the game itself, it very much lives up to what you'd expect from a ""Prison Management"" game, it has many of the features such as guard dogs, patrols, regimes, door controls and many other things, what it lacks is in development, such as gangs. Lately the prisoners has figured out how to get stuff smuggled into the prison through food or by getting things thrown over the walls. Pretty neat.The game is very much playable as it is, although it still lacks some surprises. It's not challenging enough, for you can pretty much control everything with enough planning. However, if you play it the first time with no idea how to do, you might end up with a burned down prison, riot guards, dead firemen and 28 escapes + a lot of corpses like me. Take a look at my workshop pictures.The quality of the game as this stage is very great, you'll experience very very very few bugs or glitches."
76561198087510171,Recommended,233450,10030877,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Dozer,I love this game. I would recommend it to everyone who is on the fence.
,Recommended,233450,18350354,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,DaEpicGamer64,"If I were sent to prison, I would try to kill 15 guards with a plastic spoon"
76561198075379146,Recommended,233450,8130635,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,BigPoppaPump,This is game is amazing. Trying to manage your own prison can be difficult but very fun at the same time.
76561198140284840,Recommended,233450,18374016,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Keelby7,1 word. Brilliant.
,Recommended,233450,13546983,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,tgjadm,It`s awesome i like it very much cuz of i like hakenkreuz Prisons
76561198066880898,Recommended,233450,16462900,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Grant,"I love this game, spend 20+ hours in 2 days on this game.  Fairly cheap and is still in aphla phase, so there are so many fun bugs that ca happen during gameplay.  This is one of the best tycoon games i've played.  In a nutshell this is sims if sims could kill each other over a dinner roll at lunch."
,Recommended,233450,9681418,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,BlackLabelBird,"Excellent building/management sim.  Even though its still in Alpha, the developers regularly update."
,Recommended,233450,10883014,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Epicbiscuit2014,The prisoners smuggle drugs from their family members and lawyers.10/10
76561197977117811,Recommended,233450,9686007,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Creeper Magnet,"A great little game, even in alpha it has a load of features. Regular updates with vlogs and in depth blog posts make it an absolute dream to follow changes. I'd say get this if you like management games, it's easily the best one I've played. It's been a few months now since I bought this and it's still an amzing game with great developers, I cannot emphasise enough how well they are looking after this game, they have scheduled, working updates at the same time every month and players concerns are taking into account. If you're into challenging management games, this should definetely take up a much deserved spot in your library."
,Recommended,233450,11054452,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,miketheburrito,"when i am architecting prisons, i am architecting the future."
76561198065147447,Recommended,233450,10920733,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DarkJarris,"Good fun, addicting and regularly updated. Something a lot of other games (mostly early access) need. Some of the workshop conversion mods make the game just that more interesting if you ever feel you need something a tad different.Its a tad pricey at 20 euros, more than I would comfortably pay for an early access game, but its 100% worth getting in the sales, in which it participates regulary.Graphics-wise, its not exactly next-gen crysis-beating stuff. but itiswell polished. You can lose hours in it very easily, and if your one of the people who doesn't mind playing something that isnt bleeding edge graphics but is a solid game, this one is for you.8/10, would be 9 if the price was better."
76561198074023465,Recommended,233450,11089336,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Surkie,The thin guys look like d*cks...11/10 would mess around with doors again.
76561198111388625,Recommended,233450,9241206,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Buster Hymen,"I got a maximum security transfer of 20 prisoners to my prison. Within 5 minuts, the prisoners had killed all of my staff and murdered their own friends as well. There were no survivors. 10/10 would watch my staff get brutally shanked again."
76561198087122855,Recommended,233450,11818909,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,cainn1,awsome game it will take a while to get a good prison but thats whats fun about it.
76561197976991607,Recommended,233450,11824783,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Ghune,"Although still in Alpha, there's a lot to love about Prison Architect.  Plan out your ideal prison, then deal with the inevitable issues that arise - Riots, Fights, Drug Use, Escapes.   You can micro manage as much as you like, or setup the basics and let your staff take care of it.  There's a wealth of information being tracked, so if you are OCD you can deep dive into every bit of contraband to determine where it came from, how long someone hasn't eaten, ect..   Good Game!"
,Recommended,233450,11938738,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Ejei,"Found some glitches, but there was no game breaking stuff"
76561198057908563,Recommended,233450,8345648,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,thehelpfulmormon,this is an absolutly wonderful game. so much fun and the developers keep out doing them selves with the udates.
,Recommended,233450,8348700,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Drasko,This game is really fun. Okay the AI is sometimes VERY stupid and released prisoners are staying in your prison for weeks but it's fun!
,Recommended,233450,8377011,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Dilling,Buy it!
,Recommended,233450,8392074,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Audio5urf,"so i bought this friday when it was on sale right? Well, I don't know what happened since then.. I just know it's now sunday and there's a sick feeling of satisfaction you get when you make  a safe, comfortable, and profitable prison.. and watching the little workers build your creations to your satisfaction.. and just watching it start from nothing to a complete prison... time consuming, oddly fun, entertaining, and I don't know what just happened to my life over the last 20 hours. 10/10"
76561198047529362,Recommended,233450,8038779,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,thebuzzard_387,"Loving this game, super addictive but pretty damn difficult. Its fun to restart over and over though so its still enjoyable."
,Recommended,233450,8045129,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,SadisticNerd,"This game is a lot of fun. Patience is required as there are some bugs, but it is an Alpha and the dev works on fixing them up. The updates follow the dev schedule pretty nicely. I like the game........"
,Recommended,233450,13159802,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Zye,A game where you try to resolve bugs as your prisoners die out.11/10 Would swag again.
76561197970771741,Recommended,233450,13159827,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Mr. Panda,"shower room, canteen, yard, tv ect.I have everything but why u still want to jailbreak  !!!!!"
,Recommended,233450,13172654,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ArcticFlare,Finally figured out how to build a prisonGot inmatesThey riotedAll of them escaped10/10
,Recommended,233450,8038457,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,icesnakes,should buy it.sins i played it i have been building a super max prison(: if you could rate it to 10 i will chose 9/2 10132014getting better and better 10/10 best graphics i have seen in a prison game and my brother is getting it soon so good. my whole family might have it soon
76561198072940906,Recommended,233450,9141880,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Spots1000,"This game is so simple, yet it is rediculously addicting. Would highly recomend it, comes with a small learning curve but is still a very fun game to play."
,Recommended,233450,11622964,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,JollyJoe,"It's a bunch of little men in a jail. Treat the mudererererers and rapists well and you will be rewarded with a wonderful bounty of money to further improve the lives of the damned. Treat them bad however and you will be tormented with constant riots, and a blood bath as your armed guards you set to 'shoot on sight' kill 90% of your prisoners. Seriously though this is a very fun and addictive game. 10/10."
,Recommended,233450,10683159,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,fisherprice 2 : Pandora tomorrow,if u like banging up crims terrorists or any crime commiters then this is the game 4 u. never seen anything like it would reccomend it to anyone who is within the bounds of the LAW. there was someone on here put down for murder i showed him no mercy gave him what was coming swift fist of the law. i hope he likes prison food cause thats all hes getting where hes going . overall 999/1000 if u need the police call 999 unless in france where its 1234561231
76561197970545662,Recommended,233450,10090884,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,ZooC0d3,"Imagine the retro classic 'Little Computer People' took a whole bottle of steroids, grabbed a shiv and started glaring menacingly at your backside.. Another masterpiece from the folks at Introversion."
,Recommended,233450,10634586,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,AlexSheppy,Brilliant game! New things added monthly !!Played it for like 4 hours straight xD
76561198089476618,Recommended,233450,9751994,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Viking Ninja G,"This birds-eye view game offers a lot of variety of differant ways to make a realistic functioning prison (all whilst still keeping an eye on your money). From laying down founations to setting up a electonic security system this game always kept me enjoyed all whilst still givivng me challenges to overcome and make my prison a safer and more efficant place. I would highly recommened this game to any of my friends and especailly to those who love the building type of games (excluding minecraft).The original price I bought it for was £25 which I thought was a bit expensive for what it is but I believe the price has gone down. If you ever get this game always remember, never let bob the custom made prisoner (custom mad, theres another cool feature) go near the other prisoners!"
,Recommended,233450,8344500,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Ywer,"One of the best Games in my Steam Account, you shoud buy it as long its in Alpha"
,Recommended,233450,7920016,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Gen0,Fun prison simulator and in my opinion one of these best out there.  The developers are working hard on this every month and keep us customers happy!
,Recommended,233450,13847419,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Hin'Doko,tis aite
76561198099216460,Recommended,233450,10152094,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Newbiticus,"If you enjoy Theme Hospital, Dungeon Keeper, Sim City and spending time in prison then this game is for YOU."
,Recommended,233450,13794667,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,@datLee,"Just bought the game having much fun, would recommend to any one."
,Recommended,233450,13587839,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Bangarang Crumpetcat,"I bought this game in the middle of the night and played 11 hours straight without leaving my chair even once.Went to work, got back home and sat down again.I care more for my prisoners wellbeeing than my own thanks to this game.This game has ruined my life.Would buy again 10/10"
76561198009037268,Recommended,233450,14411059,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Blaze 37,Great game!
,Recommended,233450,9976304,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,OnNza,Great Game... The first prison youll soon learn everyone will die and or escape..The Second Prison... Everyone will still die...Third.. Wow the inmates didnt die!! I think i might like this game!
,Recommended,233450,13873879,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,FLASHtheSTROBE,this game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,233450,13874728,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,NWEenglish,"I love this game. Endless fun can be found in this game for just a simple concept; build and maintain your prison and perhpas make a profit along the way.With the availability of mods now the game can be expanded in ways to give you more options. Something I enjoy is that I installed a map that starts with max money cap. I use this prison to mess around with and test concepts to avoid destroying my actual prison.I would highly reccomend that gamers who enjoy strategy games should try this game out. Even though it's in Alpha build still, it's very impressive for an Alpha build and I can only imagine how much more amazing the final build will be."
,Recommended,233450,13582144,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,The Banquet Beer,"Absolutely great game. No need to worry about the ""early access title"" at all."
76561198025012706,Recommended,233450,10791416,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Lil Reaper,"This Game is dark, cute, frustating, and completely wonderful.  I play it for hours at a time and I am sure you will too."
76561198044364514,Recommended,233450,8045598,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,NMEsoldier,"An amazing early access game that the developers are actively developing, fixing bugs, and taking suggestions from the community. If you are interested at all, you wont be disappointed."
,Recommended,233450,14320508,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,MJohns07,"I've basically donated to this game twice. I bought it when it first started out, before it hit steam.  Just found it on steam and decided to buy it again.  I really want this game to keep going. It is so much fun and kills time."
,Recommended,233450,14407487,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Scotland Tom,"I am reviewing this game during Early Access in February of 2015. At the time of this review the most recent update is Alpha 29.Right up front I will say this: If you enjoy tycoon, management, and building sims then you will most likely enjoy this game. It is definitely worth purchasing, especially if you manage to catch it on sale. I highly recommend it.Prison Architect is a prison building and management sim wherein you manage a prison from on high as a sort of prison god. You are given planning tools to plan the layout of your prison. You have access to building tools that allow you to directly place walls, floors, doors, ligths, and equipment. You can hire staff. You can set patrols for your guards. You can order searches and shakedowns. You can set schedules for your prisoners to follow. You can institute educational and work programs. And you can have your guards run phone taps to discover when a prisoner may be expecting some illicit goods to be thrown in over an exterior wall. There are of course the expected shower shankings and prison riots as well.There is a ton to do and a lot to like about Prison Architect. Planning and managing successful prison is a rewarding experience that comes with a fair number of challenges. Those interested in a more easy-going experience might run a lightly secured prison for minimum security (white-collar crime) prisoners. If you're interested in a real challenge you can turn on ""continuous intake"" and load up on maximum, or super-max security prisoners until your prison is consumed by a full on riotous bloodbath that must be quelled by the military.Honestly the game is one of those that you can tweak to suit your playstyle, which is one reason why I find it so appealing. Heck, if you're into logic puzzles or programming you can even combine timers and logic gates to control your doors and make your prisons even more secure through automation.If I have any complaints at this point they are these:First, with the game still in development there really is no tutorial to speak of. If you're new, you'll have to spend some time learning what it takes to make a good prison. The grants do a good job of giving you goals to work towards to set up your first prisons, and they are helpful. But the logic circuits and pressure plates controlling your doors, the confidential informants, and some rooms like the library and the chapel are all examples of new(ish) additions that do not yet have in-game tutorials. I'm certain this will be fixed in time, but for now if you want to learn about these things checking let's plays on YouTube or exploring the wiki are your only options.And second, there are some performance issues. This is Alpha, and I admit my computer is behind the times, but in the utilities screen especially I experience significant slowdown in comparison to the rest of the game. It's still completely playable, but something to note. Certainly not extreme enough to be a deal breaker.Those are my only gripes. And I can easily overlook them because A) This is an Early Access title, and B) The developers are very communicative, provide regular updates, and are clearly putting every effort they can into making this game excellent.I can easily, unabashedly, recommend Prison Architect. It's incredibly fun already and continues to improve. Even if for some reason the developers suddenly vanished from the face of the earth Prison Architect would still be worth purchasing and playing in its current state."
76561198087847751,Recommended,233450,14426675,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,denisss,"Great game, very interesting."
,Recommended,233450,14340827,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Pingu,"At first I saw this game and thought it was going to be lame, So I tried out, and failed 5 times at building a prison. After 30 mins-1 hour of figuring it out I ended up getting a prison to function....Then everyone started rioting. So I restarted and already have 7+ hours on just this one prison....which also ""had"" riots. Then I tried some mods, killed some people with electric chair, and this game just got even more interesting. I reccomend 11/10!"
76561198119295902,Recommended,233450,14550946,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Wiggly Jr.,AMAZING......Devs are GreatGamplay is addictive
,Recommended,233450,13360465,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Huracan1403,"Prison Architect is a very well designed game. You don't just build a prison, you also manage one. You can have multiple save profiles active at once and the fact that the game can last for a very long time due to no end to the game. There are thousands of options when it comes to modding from the steam workshop.The only negative I have is not everything like contraband is as clear as it could be. Also there are only male prisoners at this point but the game is an alpha and there are many forums for your suggestions and to talk with other players.I reccomend prison architect but it can get a little bit repetitive if you play it a lot."
,Recommended,233450,2783918,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,goodhouse,"6:29 PM - VanMundegaarde: how is that?6:29 PM - tikwid: i've been pretty ♥♥♥♥ing hooked6:29 PM - tikwid: played it like 5 hours yesterday6:32 PM - VanMundegaarde: buggy?6:32 PM - tikwid: yeah, but it's tolerable6:32 PM - tikwid: there was a riot yesterday6:33 PM - tikwid: 6 of my 8 security guards were knocked unconcious6:33 PM - VanMundegaarde: haha6:33 PM - VanMundegaarde: so is it kinda like dwarf-fortress-esque but way more user friendly?6:33 PM - tikwid: i tried to get my construction guys to just build a fence around the rioters but they attacked them too6:33 PM - tikwid: eventually i just spam hired police till i ran out of money6:34 PM - tikwid: i think 17 of my prisoners were to be put in solitary confinment but i only had 4 rooms6:34 PM - tikwid: the dudes just waited outside the door and took turns haha6:34 PM - tikwid: never left their spot6:34 PM - tikwid: i think if i left it on, they would've died from hunger6:34 PM - VanMundegaarde: sounds fun"
,Recommended,233450,13939329,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Qianix,"After playing this game, I have found this game quite addictive for the short time I spent played it. I would highly recommend this game, but for me the game kept crashing with an error message that would vanish upon alt-tabbing out of the window after about 10 mins of gameplay, which was rather annoying.I guess thats why its in alpha.Looking forward to the full release :D Good Job."
,Recommended,233450,13963282,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Spiteful,"This game is very fun, simple, and yet addicting. I would recommend this to anyone that wants a chill game to play, that is also very fun."
,Recommended,233450,13934661,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Nurgleprobe,"Back in the day I was a huge city builder fan. I loved the old SimCity games where you could focus more on the outline of your city and make everything ”feel” good for you. Than the later games have added plenty of tiny functions that I never really liked that much. The micro management was never really THAT fun there. Prison Architect gives me that awesome feeling that those older city builders did, focusing on building and having fun rather than micromanagement.I can build a prison that have a layout and style that I like. And once you've finished a huge chunk of the prison you can start to micromanage the different sections and rules of the prison and even though I didn't like that in the citygames I love it here! Becuase everything you change have an almost emediate effect on your prison.I also love that this is one of those games that actually keeps getting updated! You get new things and new game rules to play around and the game is even getting a bit harder (and that's a good thing). Truly my only complaint about Prison Architect is the fact that once you've gotten far enough with your build it can be a bit slow. You're prison is safe, you're guard do their job and you keep getting money to advance babysteps forward. And that means waiting for that money you need to keep building. Some time ago you could even let the game run by itself to just get money and not really losing anything for doing so.Overall a great city bu.... prison building game that will bring you hours and hours of gaming fun.Recommended./ Nurgleprobe"
,Recommended,233450,13955087,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Gérard Mansoif,"I bought this game because it was on winter sales on steam. Sincerely, I do not regret this purchase. There are some bugs, like to pipes connection or those awful servo doors, CCTV cameras but you can enjoy the game. Developers should integrate circular auto-save that saves the last 5 days or so, you can then roll-back.It's more a community game than a regular game you can play by yourself.Pros:- Balanced difficulty between missions, management- You do whatever you want on the map, research...- You become an architect only if you build at least 4 prisonsCons:- Pipes, CCTV, servo doors do not seem to work- Some mission are weird and I did not find how to complete them- Lack of tutorial, wiki is too empty- Some menus are not explicit: logistics, deployment..."
,Recommended,233450,13971750,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,ThornDrayton,"A really good game, although once you have everything set up it can get repetivite. I degress however, this game has some real potential to it. Definately worth the money.  ^-^"
,Recommended,233450,13608800,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ghostus,Fantastic game! Great devs (the monthly Alpha videos are a must see!) that have a history of creating great games while listening to the community.Do you love building/sandbox/tycoon/etc. games? Instant buy!
76561198058709669,Recommended,233450,13618113,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,labarbera.frank,"Incredible game. It's in Alpha, so take the bugs in stride and report the ones you notice. Beyond the bugs, it's absolutely addicting, easy to lose hours to, and a ton of fun."
,Recommended,233450,13564057,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Exor|DG 콘리,Very addcitive game! If you enjoy prison simulation where you build and manage your own prison then you should get this!
76561198151700893,Recommended,233450,13483697,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,un,great game luv it
76561198056757319,Recommended,233450,13560393,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,[VEGAN] Longshark,Awesome game! Glad to be apart of the Alpha!
,Recommended,233450,13506371,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Silencer,"Although this game is still in Alpha stage, it is really cool. I am not really a fan of tycoons, but this one is really cool.  Making the prison however you like, keeping your prisoners under control, or let them run around. It already has a lot of things, you can play with, and I am sure there will be a lot more when the game is fully released. 'Realistic' mode is cool, but it is taking a long time to build all stuff you want, if you are creative - so I found more enjoyable 'Sandbox' mode, in which you have unlimited funds, so you can build whatever you want, no matter how big or complex it is going to be. Recommended.!"
,Recommended,233450,10275842,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,theoctopus,"Excellent game. Very glad to see that the indie market still has it, by far better put together than a lot of EA games. The game *is* slightly glitchy, but that's all part of the fun. Believe it or not, watching a workman trying to place a door before he removes the wall is very entertaining.9/10, most likely 10/10 when some bugs get fixed."
,Recommended,233450,13516121,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Dynamo Daisy,Did I really play for three and a half hours? Seriously? Time flys dude.
76561198102748062,Recommended,233450,13588707,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Sachmoness,All my informants tried to kill each other and the cook was sneaking in poison. 10/10
,Recommended,233450,13575857,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,weezy' ๑ﭥ,"♥♥♥♥ this game, after 5/6 hours of playing i always feel like... mehhhh this prison is crap lets start over"
76561198110912973,Recommended,233450,14963611,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,KingFastGaming,Very good game!
,Recommended,233450,14858697,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Morty Basil,"Though there is still room for improvement, Prison Architect is definetly a good choice for Dwarf Fortress players. Played PA and Divinity: OS at the same time, alt-tabbing every now-and-then to manage prison.Playthrough in PA is like this:1/5: choice of prison, looooong planning, first stone set2/5: general outline of prison, first grants fullfilling, happiness3/5: making prison more complicated, reform programs and prison labour in motion, frustration and rebuilding parts of prison due to inefficiency4/5: first prisoners escaping, tightening control around them, happinness again5/5: riots, building more cell blocks, possibly buying more land, making huge profits, prison is actually working smoothly and you have no idea why because it looks so inefficient to you like it was built by a five years old; selling prison and starting new one with huge increase in funding, which actually makes you more frustrated because you don't know where to start again since there is so much to build at the beginning.8/10"
76561198058078756,Recommended,233450,14715205,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,xXxGod,"This game was already pretty good when i first got it in early access.. but now with all the new updates and an amazing new intro, this game is better than i ever hoped for!"
,Recommended,233450,13486464,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,DALE,
76561198125623129,Recommended,233450,14729255,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Mr Lucky™,This is a great game that you can play at any time of the day and still enjoy with a great system and concept that i didnt think could work
76561198170933133,Recommended,233450,14682656,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ande2486,awsome game i love it
,Recommended,233450,11010151,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Lori,This game is so much fun! There are some bugs I am personally having problems with but overall fun game!
76561197969701756,Recommended,233450,14398434,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Le FatiKan,"Wow... probably the best sim/tycoon game i played since the original simcity !!Addicting is probably the best word to describe this game, and since it's still in alpha, i know there will be more features coming to make an already incredible game even more amazing !"
,Recommended,233450,13900130,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Percival,"A good game, however, there is a big learning curve you must conquer. Like, I know there is a tutorial, but I don't think it covers the advanced stuff.  However, this still is a very good game, the simple fact you build your own stuff and furthermore COMMAND it is better than just taking control of something."
,Recommended,233450,14285015,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Adam,"Well, I've reached a point where my lovely murderers and bank robbers are complaining that my guards are too nice, it's all too clean, they get exactly the right amount of food and that they get enough family time. I'm clearly the next prison architect; and you can be too."
76561197971563516,Recommended,233450,14060834,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,♨ Iron Chef Chen Kenichi ♨,"I played this game from mid day till around 5am the next day, I really enjoy these types of games but I'm really hoping they make a structured campaign which slowly introduces new aspects! Really terrific game though!"
,Recommended,233450,14344308,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,CSmaniac // csgomassive.com,I just wanna say this game is amazing
,Recommended,233450,13510309,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Blutrache,"""Oh, hey! That game about pirsons is on sale for only $5.99! I've had my eye on that for a long time. Time to pull the trigger! Can I have $5 mom?""""How was your week?"" ""What do you mean, mom? I just started this new game a couple hours ago?""""Son, it's been a week since you asked me for this...""Welcome to Prison Architect."
,Recommended,233450,10588146,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Foxeron,naked bois in showers
,Recommended,233450,11899956,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Gritteh,"One of the very few early access games that actually has devs that deliver what they promise. This game is brilliant already and they are constantly bringing out more. I've owned this game for a long long time, and I've never been disappointed."
,Recommended,233450,13431155,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Rueya,"Prison Architect 2 might never live to see the light of day at the rate Introversion Software is churning out updates per month. One of the best and most responsible Early Access games available, period. It is no longer a matter of it being feature complete, but rather — what else features shall the developers add to enhance ones prison experience? This is hands down the definitive Prison Simulator that attempts to leave no stones unturned.TLDR: Introversion Software + Prison Architect = The gift that keeps on giving."
,Recommended,233450,9973976,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Trial,I Fockin Bought this a week ago for 30$ Now its 10$ fock me
,Recommended,233450,13542967,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,TheChin,"This game is awesome! The graphics aren't great, however that doesn't matter. The game is so in depth and complicated that you don't care about the graphics. This game holds a plethora of challenges to tackle and when you think you've got it right, BAM! Something else happens which you have to find a way to resolve. This game is brilliant, highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,233450,13522519,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,The Fapaholic,"one of the best prison simulation games out there , and even as it is early access it feels very complete .if you are a tycoon/simulation game fan you should get it !"
,Recommended,233450,13550398,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Chad,I recommend this game just for the intro story so many feels couldnt play it for the rest of the day after :'(
,Recommended,233450,13520277,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Tha Asix,It's already a very good game with lots of potential. But look out it's very addicting to! :)
76561198174329579,Recommended,233450,14456739,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,saphira9282,Love this game. It is very fun and addictive to play.
76561198006543535,Recommended,233450,14450942,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,El Guapo,"Don't confuse this with the abysmal ""Prison Tycoon"" series. This game is still alpha, but it's getting updates monthly and already is highly playable. You build and manage a prison. How you do it is up to you, from left-wing utopia to right-wing hell hole. I'm usually aiming for the latter while somehow drifting towards the former. Oh well, that's what happens to me in most games with moral choices.The graphics are fine and do their jobs. The biggest downside are controls and the cluttered interface. Building cell blocks is unnecessarily tedious. Since the game gets improved with every patch, it is safe to assume that that we haven't see it nearly at its best yet.Highly recommended for everyone who likes tycoon games and The Sims.8,5/10"
76561198060444299,Recommended,233450,14394070,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,qD7D7,nice and fun game to play i finde it so good to play it when i am bored from the classic games .!but i finde it hard to understand evry tool or objict and what thay can do and why .( becous i am not good at english ) and i hope it well be better :)
76561198028033364,Recommended,233450,14369319,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Mr. Bauch,"I'm an old geezer that rarely gets hooked by games, I've tried a few lately; and though recommended by many people they just didn't get hooked to them for to long. But Prison Architect was a completely different story!------First of all - Don't be afraid its ALPHA - in fact this game has more depth than many completed titles, updates are delivered regularly and all of them seemed to bring more and more fun after looking back at their introduction videos on youtube.Second of all - Don't be afraid that the game looks a bit ""cheap"" visually. It really has nothing to do with the game quality itself (except for the graphical part of course). The UI though is well sorted and you won't have problems finding any controls.------Now the game itself is a blast, the mechanics behind the prison construction are super cool and you can set up almost everything even manually if needed. What is good for the start you're limited to a few building options so you don't get lost. As you progress with development of your prison, you can research additional options and learn the game on the fly.The way you construct the prison brings a lot of possible situations, there are dozens of valid prison designs that work well - they're only limited by your fantasy and building skills.------Now I cut it short for the end of the review telling you  what all you can do in your prison- accomodate different security prisoners- each prisoner has different needs, behavior etc.- dozens of rooms to choose from (kitchen, canteen, workshop, classroom, armory etc. and in the end all are needed for a perfect prison- at least 10 different staff personell to rent- some prisoners can get paroled, sometimes you get legendary prisoner that beats the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta everyone and you need to contain and treat him differently- you can force prisoners to work so that they make you more cash- you organize various classes for prisoners so they get reformed and increase your prison rating- riots- fights- escaping tunnels- etc- etc- etcnuff said :)"
,Recommended,233450,13008299,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,estupído,i love it :P
,Recommended,233450,13554997,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,ＵＬＴＲＡ,Can recreate Auswitch 10/10 for creativity
76561198062038987,Recommended,233450,25184947,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,HiMyNameisAustin,Get It.
,Recommended,233450,21672018,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Luminescify,"I'm really into games like this, and when I found Prison Architect in early access, I just had to try it. The game itself is very cleverly made and is also very easy to pick up. Especially helpful are the tutorials the game now provides at the start of your gameplay. I love that if you click on any prisoner within your prison, a background story is given and the reason for their sentence is provided. It's a very unique game and I would absolutely recommend it to anyone wanting to give it a try!"
,Recommended,233450,10498102,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,monkeyBreath [TC],I put my prisoners in a room with guns. Riot started10/10
76561198083077494,Recommended,233450,13257674,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,conrob123,I love it!! Early access done right!!!
,Recommended,233450,10734255,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,BusterBuilder,"so much run, one can, (i have) spend hours tweeking and building prisons, and there always updateing it, got to love it"
76561198117343684,Recommended,233450,25363288,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,[BC™] TarkanReyiz,İ Really Like This Game İts A Very Good Kind Of A Strategy Game But İ Have The Name İn The Game DLC But İ Dont Know How To Use İt. Where Do İ Make My Own Character
76561197971128515,Recommended,233450,18443532,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,PuTTyZa,Awesome game!  Simple enough with a ton of depth.
,Recommended,233450,14334845,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Atlas,"Day 1 Hour 1As I am typing this, 10,000 prisoners are on their way to my small prison. I though it would be a good idea to change prisoner intake on the files list to 10,000.they dont stop coming will report later.Day 1 hour 7Currently only 600 prisoners flood a single area i put them in not sure what will happen after 1000.still nonstop will reportDay 2 hour 51000 prisoners flooded my prison now and many of them managed to get their handcuffs offbuilding a wardens office and chief of police to get armed guards2manyplzhalp will report backDay 3 hour 17Nearing 2000 prisoners now, built 1 shower and all the time is shower timeonly half of them want to go to the showers and they are all crowded at the door (turned off misconduct for now)will report backDay 4 hour 122000 prisoners now my computer cant take it much longer as they are all cramed in the showerwhen i look near the shower i get -32 frameswill try and report backDay 4 hour 19have hired about 60 armed guards hope this will be enough, majority of them are in the showersall I can see in the shower is white bubbles of unhappiness, prison is at max danger levelgoing to turn off misconduct and open firerest in pastaDay 5 hour 3built water pump station next to a generator started firegame broke10/10 would accept 10,000 more"
,Recommended,233450,16731752,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,"Myron Gains, Esq.","Make no mistake - this game is in alpha. Bugs aren't prevalent, and the game is decently polished (especially in as an Alpha). However, what it is missing, a good tutorial, really REALLY makes the first few hours of the game a frustrated dance between the game itself and google. Despite going through the tutorial and learning how to build structures and make utilities, the searches of ""My prisoners won't do X, how do I fix it?"" never seems to end. That, and many of the new mechanisms unlocked over time are left completely unexplained whilst at the same time letting you freely sink your money wherever you please, regardless of if you figure it out or not. Some games can get away with a scant tutorial, or simply teaching you how to play on the first level. A very sophisticated architect/resource management game with as many features as this is not one of those games.Despite my criticisms, once things start to come together in the player's mind, it's a wonderful feeling and then the hours simply start falling off the clock. It's addicting, fun and the interactions between prisoners and guards/staff never fails to keep the game interesting. Never a dull moment. It is impossible to sit down for a quick few minutes of Prison Architect, or ""just having to get this one thing done"". You will develop an addiction, you will note that you have a problem.You won't want to stop."
76561198200165997,Recommended,233450,23948963,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ginsy~,Really satisfying to run your own prison and to deal with all the bullsh!t your prisoners do everyday. 10/10 would bullsh!t again
,Recommended,233450,12441791,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Namey5,"This is one of my all time favourite games, and it's in Alpha! Prison Architect is a must play for ANYONE. It is brilliantly designed, has a unique art style and is rediculously fun."
,Recommended,233450,10155640,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Murakumo,"Polish it up, give it some longer gameplay options and fix the system for copy pasting so you can copy whole buildings and the game would be alot better."
,Recommended,233450,13172842,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ShooterMcGvn,"It's a brilliant concept and I love what I've seen of it. Some of the bugs are irritating, though. Sometimes rooms aren't registering objects, objectives aren't completing, and workers aren't bulding things correctly.The tutorial is charming but is incomplete in terms of tips for getting started. This isn't a huge deal because everything is very intuitive. The designers did a good job with the UI.I'd say it's worth the ten bucks I paid for it. Don't buy it full price, at least not while in Early Access."
,Recommended,233450,16404934,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,toontaco,"Take it from I, the man who plays computer games daily, doesn't finish them, moves on anyways, and plays most of his games for about 10 hours before going onto the next;I love this game.How the ♥♥♥♥ did I get 60 hours?Buy this game.Now let me regale you with a story about the incidents that happen in this game.Once upon a time a snitch got shanked like a ♥♥♥♥♥ in the shower. The guards beat the shanker until he surrendered, and dragged him to the solitary rooms. Another guard took the snitch to the infirmary where one of the docs fixed him up. When he awoke, he took the scissors that were some how still in his gullet and killed the doc that saved his life. The other doc rushed over attempting to heal him while he's getting stabbed, and the guard situated outside did nothing. The prisoner proceeded to destroy the hospital equipment before going outside, leaving the remaining doc to grieve, and destroying a tree with his fists. As a riot had broken out and the armed guards deployed, free fire was on and a passing armed guard then shot the man dead.Lesson learned; Never save a prisoner.Later, my prison fit for 54 then brought in 360 prisoners, who all took residency in the holding cell meant for 8.I connected two generators together and set them on fire.None survived."
,Recommended,233450,17426941,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,FirstGeekDanny,"When I bought ""Banished"" I got rather addicted to it and played it for days on end...With Prison Architecht, I've been playing it for MONTHS on end... seriously awesome and fun game, and with the awesome dev team, it just keeps getting better and better..."
,Recommended,233450,18369669,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,the marksman CSOFFER.ME,amazing
,Recommended,233450,8446666,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Seventhsage,"this game plays like a truly demented version of one of bullfrog's old games (theme hospital springs to mind)  I've spent a lot of time with it, ran through about fifteen or twenty prisons, and have grown attached to each one, trying to find ways to optimize and secure each one to greater and greater lengths, a monthly update cycle means it doesn't stagnate like a  lot of other early access games does (the only one that I've seen that updates more frequently, off hand, is Gnomoria, which is also really nice, but if you enjoyed the old theme games from bullfrog and you like the idea of running your own prison (possibly into the ground) you'll find a good solid buy in this game.  Any problems I had with this game were quickly ironed out and props to introversion, their customer support is top notch as well."
,Recommended,233450,28018859,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Poké,"Never fancied building a prison, but I never had a problem systematically destroying my way out of one.Escape mode is my favorite!"
76561198076761865,Recommended,233450,32870606,Posted: 27 June,all,Duchess,Got a snitchPut him away from the rest of the inmates in low secThe snitch escaped...
,Recommended,233450,26399886,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,danisoff,Good game that is worth to buy...
76561198218806252,Recommended,233450,24302535,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Mars Man,HIghly recommended game if you enjoy managment games.
,Recommended,233450,32890510,Posted: 27 June,all,Bob is a General Contractor,Great game however would like to see more building options such as multiple floors and more quick build optoions.
76561198023855384,Recommended,233450,32928847,Posted: 28 June,all,wxh2fine,"Very funny game! To my surprise, it does has a storyline as a guidebook. I personally quite love this type of the game. And PA is definetly a great one!"
76561197969893907,Recommended,233450,15148058,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Sabbat the Magic Belgian,Very nice and funny game :)
,Recommended,233450,18360345,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,supreme,I dont wanna see sean winnin'. I wanna see him in a penitentiary.
,Recommended,233450,16913763,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,KidDarkness566,Amazing game getting better each update I'm glad I got this in beta.
,Recommended,233450,25388804,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,DeMoose1,"An amazing game! Bug-free, great animations. However, the UI is a little confusing. After playing you get used to it. Worth the money!"
,Recommended,233450,25396842,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Spooderman,"This game is good, this game has many features that other games dont have. I would recommend this game for people who like prison escapibg games or etc."
,Recommended,233450,32731894,Posted: 24 June,all,captgalen,Fun game for burning time
76561198022080369,Recommended,233450,11474369,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Daemonkin,"'Still in development' in this case seems to actually mean, 'we're going to play around with this forever', but it's quite a lot of fun in any case. I have spent many an hour planning the perfect prison, only to have half of it burn down because I forgot to install sprinklers.There's still no use for the electric chair though, which is just no fun.FRY 'EM UP, WILLIE!!*Update: every patch makes this game more and more complicated as they fiddle around. This makes it less and less likely that a new  player is going to be able to 'just get into it' particularly as there is no in-game tutorial.**Update update: It is now too complicated to enjoy - it's one for the engineers now."
,Recommended,233450,10165227,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,mattTCC,I loved this game.I realy like the land expantions now i can make a prison forevor!
76561198147666812,Recommended,233450,32748441,Posted: 24 June,all,Moulin1945,"They complained about not having enough entertainment.Alright then, I buy the ♥♥♥♥ing TV and place in every single cell.Then they think they can go on a riot and kill all my guards?Fair enough, I call the army and kill them all for good.Silence in the prison.Let's get back to work."
76561198023503032,Recommended,233450,15921131,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,alwaysbuythebigmayo,"PrisonerAlex Knight , 33--LEGENDARY--Extremely StrongExtremely ToughExtremely VolatileStoicalFearlessDEADWell, it turns out that stoicism only gets those lovable scamps so far in this game. For most of these social pariahs, death comes as a blessing. If you're a snitch or a fed, you'll be lucky to make it past your first night. The most enjoyable part of Prison Architect is that you can expect to see some impressive rioting and some pretty elaborate and brutal deaths in your little detention center as it runs its course. Think Oregon Trail, but replace the dysentery with the dude in maximum security that somehow slipped past your metal detector, smashed your remote control door, and then showed various staff members the business end of his stolen workshop drill he'd been hiding in the tunnel that he dug under the toilet.I'd definitely recommend buying the ""name in game"" edition so you can create your own future morgue decoration. My favorite so far was entertaining Marshawn Lynch at my county jail after he killed the commish. He was put in solitary permanently after trying to tackle some dudes in the shower. Who knew?I bought this during a sale weekend but in retrospect I would have bought it at any price. It's mostly stable (just exit your current game and reload if you see any glitches - they'll probably go away), menus are intuitive, performs great... love this game!"
,Recommended,233450,32942745,Posted: 28 June,all,Mani510-Ixcondorgaming,Awesome game and great to waste time my first 2 days I spent 20 hours in this gameWARNING: HIGHLY ADDICTIVE!!Also takes a lot of time to get used to
,Recommended,233450,32966964,Posted: 28 June,all,PhaseTheTemplar,great game. thats all.
,Recommended,233450,32909498,Posted: 27 June,all,Mistakes were Made,quite realistic the game but require high ccritical thinking to manage prisoner which is over 12k
,Recommended,233450,12412912,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,RikaChu,Good and time takeing game.Just few bugs. Like I can't toggle fog of war off or other on that list :/
,Recommended,233450,16104122,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,West,FUN
,Recommended,233450,33065419,Posted: 30 June,all,Streamerboi,"So I have played this game for a while, and in the middle of making my prison, the trucks just stopped delivering. They drive past my storage area, and only stop for garbage. This is especially annoying because it means that no food is being delivered to my kitchens, and is causing riots. Please fix. (Otherwise really good game would recommend for anyone who enjoys builder games.)"
,Recommended,233450,16412785,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,RusherPR0,"This game is great, the only problem is when ever you watch Prison movies you always hate on the Warden because he's usually a d!ck... After playing this game I can understand why, Prisoners are @ssholes and they will take any given opertunity to ruin what you have created. Armed guards outside every cell!"
,Recommended,233450,32962644,Posted: 28 June,all,UltimateTobi,"Prison Architect is a really sophisticated and complex, yet ""simple"" prison tycoon simulation game. It is not hard to understand, but quite hard to master!I first watched Sips' Let's Play to it, bought the Name In The Game version, and immediately sunk a lot of hours into it; it has a really high addiction potential.I always had new ideas for my prison, refining specific areas, keeping my prison population calm/supressed. You simply can't stop.That being said, I am not a good reviewer anyway so I just typed down what I think of this game. And I think highly of it.I recommend it!"
,Recommended,233450,32987459,Posted: 29 June,all,Beef-chan,"An awesome game worth the money, you shouldn't hesitate to purchase this game if it's ever on sale, or are particularly interested in playing it."
,Recommended,233450,32696814,Posted: 23 June,all,jcktysn,A simple idea that works incredibly well; hours of fun that never seem to end!
,Recommended,233450,10593610,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Spacebeez,"Fun game, once the devs can make the engine support the massive super-prisons we all want to build without annhilating performance it'll be great.  Not super intuitive UI, but it is pre-release indie so."
,Recommended,233450,14538713,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Shadeball,"The tutorial sucks, but don't do what I did and give up on the game for awhile because of that issue. The game doesn't take too long to figure out and is worth it as a charming and addictive building game. It has few bugs for early access, though it needs polish (including simple things like grammar). The one thing I've noticed so far as a problem is that your own success tends to lead to a less interesting game. I suppose this may be true of other 'build' games as well, but I've noticed it more with this one. Hopefully there will be more challenges added in, but either way it's a neat little concept that is well-executed."
76561198004748304,Recommended,233450,14548475,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,mark,excellent little game. only just discovered how to make money thanks to the forums - so make sure you check these out.tip - workshops :)also each build that comes out is listening to players and making the game more userfriendly
76561197973925002,Recommended,233450,16491958,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Goldenfold,It's all fun and games until they start rioting ... then it gets real.  Pleasantly surprised by how much i enjoyed this game. 7/10
,Recommended,233450,14328697,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,CalDragon,"If being a complete 'James Bond' style bad guy is for you look somewhere else. Everyone else who is not a super villian this game is for you. You can still be a villian, just that you are the law(ish). Prisoners arrive at you High Security Highly Advanced Prison for stealing an apple or something along those lines; you choose when and where they sleep, eat, excercise, have freetime and if they need the 'Happy Stick' (Baton!). Seeing your 'Minons' work and build your prison reminds me of Dungeon Keeper, only if you don't build your prison well you get convicts running the prison. Then you are legally allowed to shoot ALL OF THEM!!!!!!! It's a very good game with a promising future!"
,Recommended,233450,14925009,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Treehero,What bugs???
,Recommended,233450,17663334,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,♜W0LF♜,needs more updates
,Recommended,233450,9159987,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Head_skull,Geat designing & bulidng game and unique for basing it around a prison. Definatly a game to pick up early while it's cheap.
76561198105921225,Recommended,233450,13905716,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Ryno,I like this game alot..... have had it for like 3 weeks now and already logged 40 hours on my laptop and 44 hours on my main comp. Pretty much addicted. Cant wait to see what the finish product will be like.
,Recommended,233450,27570265,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mexi_Tan,Nice
,Recommended,233450,22153677,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,coolguy,"Prison architect has been a veeeeeeeeeerrry fun game to play. Over my 195 hours that I've played, I'd say that every minute has been worth my $35 NZD. The game is very well made, with different things to try everytime you launch it. Even when all of your max. security wing breaks out, a fire starts and the armed guards get wrekd and the inmates go loose with shotguns and tasers, you still have a blast.110/10 would buy again."
76561198079767985,Recommended,233450,17098611,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,J Deogi312,lol
,Recommended,233450,18374543,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,[BLD] Lethal_Spoon,Prisoner running for the fencewhen suddenly 12 guards spawn out of oblivion and beat him into unconsciousness with trudgeons.11/10 Would summon again
,Recommended,233450,28413461,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,10Snipershot,Great gameAmazing developersTons of funWhat else could you ask for?
76561198044887983,Recommended,233450,25227192,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,jan schlehofer,"After last update i cant play Escape mod, always i bleed out.:("
,Recommended,233450,25159622,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Mr. Sizzle!,"Great game, fun to play. Love RTS games and this is a nice twist on them. My only complaint is sometimes you can get 'One punch man' in your prison and he quite litrally, 1 punches everything. Other then getting annoying inmates this games Normal mode and Escape mode are fun as hell to play."
,Recommended,233450,24754172,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Trapmuzik33,"If you enjoy stategy and simulation games, as I do, there is no reason not for you to own this game. Here is a list of the things you will find yourself doing while playing this game...- Designing massive and ambitious additions to your prison and filling it with prisoners, only to find out it has massive flaws- Micro-managing random things such as who does the laundry for witch parts of the prison, scheduling classes for your prisoners, and setting up a schedule for where your guards are deployed for each hour of the day etc.- Freaking out because 100 prisoners just started to riot and are one their way to the armory- Freaking out becasue you power supply/kitchen just went up in flames and is spreading fast- Freaking out because without your knowledge all of Cell Block D has been digging tunnels for two weeks and 20 of them are making an escape attempt- Looking up on the wiki how things work10/10 Worth your money"
,Recommended,233450,24854148,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,luke4ever99,i think this game is one of the best games to kill time and to have some fun with!
,Recommended,233450,13143651,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Isaacalb31,Amazing game it lets you do loads os stuff like walling your prisoners in their cells putting a weapon rack in a high security prisoners cell and loads more. I like this because most game wouldnt trust you with stuff like this.Also do not be put off by the fact its a simulator. Normally I don't like simulators but this is fun.
,Recommended,233450,16499713,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,dkalaxdk,"This game is simply brilliant, a game about managing prisons and finding legal loopholes to give the prisoners the best(Worst) possible living conditions. While still struggeling with economy and other stuff aswell."
,Recommended,233450,10519952,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Raze Wolfy,"Overall Rating - Posttive++Pros:- Fun to play- Workshop is packed with addons- Very addicting- Seemless interface- Great UI- Active Developers-Constant updatesCons:- No Multiplayer- Quite a few bugs [Fixed quickly though]- Menu Could be a tiny bit simplerOverall Feeling:I have played this game since it first came out, I have watched it grow. I can tell you that the Devs are constantly working on the game, Even after alpha. This game is a solid 10/10 for me personally. It is my favorite game on the steam market. I advise you buy it."
,Recommended,233450,10519468,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Thredson,This game is incredibly fun! hours have been spent enjoying this simple amazing game.
,Recommended,233450,24360309,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,FuTTiiZ,Good
,Recommended,233450,19814497,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Nyopolas,"After playing 200+ hours of playing Prison Architect I can say with certainty that this game is one of my favourites of all time.When I first bought the game in Alpha 20 (give or take) on a Steam sale I soon realized I purchased much more than my money's worth. This game provides a rich, cartoony experience of a nineties management sim while also fusing the serious undertone accompaning the modern prison system and its legal factors.As a previously Early-Access game the development cycle was absolutely amazing (Which unfortunately can't be said for most in-dev games on Steam these days). Introversion Software did a really good job keeping their game interesting with fun and meaningful monthly updates which changed how I played frequently. It contained the same buzz, which in one way or another reminded me of the excellent progression of the developing stage in the golden days of Minecraft.I highly recommend this game. As it molds from its Alpha versions and launches into its full release stages, I still feel that Prison Architect can only get better form here."
76561198156580255,Recommended,233450,18373661,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,firebaddy,It is a great game everyone should have in my opinion
76561198073260939,Recommended,233450,24448515,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,STOLJ81,"Great sandbox game, easily spend hours testing new layouts and strategies. Thank you to all those that have put mods out for the game, making all the more interesting.  Highly recommend for those looking for a good strategy base building game.  The only aspect missing is a terraforming ability to change the landscape and road to put in a carpark."
76561198004426967,Recommended,233450,24172491,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ben,Pretty fun.Not enough replayability to be worth 33$ in my opinion.Would buy again on sale.
76561198070692447,Recommended,233450,6620996,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Fallen Aces,This game is a must have if you consider yourself a gamer. I would say that this is on my top ten games that i have ever played. I highly recommemd getting this game.
76561198125064726,Recommended,233450,18360422,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,eliteeric16,"Started playing this game a while back, began very glitchy and quite frustrating at times, but as the alpha grew and grew, the game became loads of fun and full of opportiunties for both large success and great failure. Overall I love this game, and I probably play it most out of all of my games. It has come a great way from where it has started and never seems to let me down when I'm looking for a challenge, or browsing the steam workshop just to find a prison I can download that looks like a turtle. One bad thing about this game though is it can be very difficult to start out playing if you have no clue what you are doing and/or have no help, youtube does help a lot though in that case.  11/10"
76561198007891344,Recommended,233450,13488740,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Viper162,"Fun little sim game, doors are not working correctly yet (pathfinding issues) and some items can not be removed when you want.  Overall, this game is shaping up to be quite addictive!!"
,Recommended,233450,19885856,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,BlueCalex,"A brilliant game, played for hours upon hours of this making and tinkering my own prison to perfection, would recomend"
76561198062079319,Recommended,233450,18356940,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Ket,Just awsome
76561198224498852,Recommended,233450,24279900,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,sEMO,"I really recommend this game, but since last update the game crashes everytime after 15 seconds of launching! Very funny, nice campaign but can't play because of crashing! Hope next update this get fixed!"
76561198278677707,Recommended,233450,24139155,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Stealthy Sushi [RBL],Awesome game and I like all of the little details such as riot police and snipers.
,Recommended,233450,24220768,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Spooky Moose,"Love love love this game. Micromanaging 1000 prisoners can be a very intense task, and it's great.Also great being IN the game."
76561197995192440,Recommended,233450,22173697,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,wanyar snoy,"Prison Architect .... yup gives you just what it says in the title. Hours of fun. Worth a go if you like this sort of thing. Also if you want a easy free play mode just change your save file in notepad, for unlimited funds. If you decide to play the game without being a cheating nub tho, its much more fun and rewarding. Good Game."
76561198039830025,Recommended,233450,25263023,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ff8,"I dont like single player games, but this one sure is a hell of exception.Very fun to play. Runs smoothly on old specs. What can i say? its cheap as f** so why wont you just try it?"
,Recommended,233450,14318735,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Luts,It's ok
,Recommended,233450,20170646,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,HEM LEK,KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK..DO YOU WANNA BUILD A PRISON ???CMON LETSGO AND PLAY!!SO F**CKIN ADDICTIVE GAME !RECOMMENDED TO HAVE THIS GAME !!!
,Recommended,233450,12406885,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,RecoJohnson,I made a box and put 1000 maximum security prisoners in it and never fed them. Anyone who tried to escape was shot on sight by my armed guards.10/10
76561198063863033,Recommended,233450,20836193,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Popinfresh,"A really enjoyable game, the campaigns dark, mature storyline could be a surprise for those expecting a relativley light atmosphere based on the brilliant graphics. Comptent, challenging, engaging but possibly a tad pricey, it is definetly worth picking up and adding to your collection. Updates are released regularly and bring with them significant gameplay changes (gangs and a gang warfare-like mechanic, womens prisons etc) it also has Steamworkshop intergration if that tickles your fancy."
,Recommended,233450,25264020,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,F1K2U3,"It's a wonderful game ! It shows me the darkness of prison in capitalism country and I feel truly pleasure to live in a fare country...haha,that's joking ! In fact, the game also is a good one. If you like run a prison, buy it now !"
,Recommended,233450,9710606,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Zxyyy,gg
,Recommended,233450,13956400,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Ablu,
76561198233272944,Recommended,233450,18918351,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Serenity,"This is amazing game, very few bugs and glitches and extremely good gameplay.The new escape mode could do with an update as you cannot interact with showers, toilets, chairs or anything that prisoners can use."
,Recommended,233450,10102386,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Sūjikukoku (AKA Azárity),"Beautiful game, I just love it, and I also love the fact thats is Alpha, so more is coming. Right now I wouln´t say its worth bying for 25,99€ but if you wait for Steam Summer sale and pick this game up, you won´t regret it."
,Recommended,233450,18356135,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Møller,"It was during the earliest alpha stage that I came to find Prison Architect, and despite having seconds thoughts about actually buying it, I decided to do so. At first, it didn't seem like much, it was very buggy and the lack of content made me quit this game within a few hours of gameplay.However, things changed quickly and the developers has been absolutely amazing! With frequent updates and actually listening to the community made this game expand, and now it has finally gotten out of the beta! So many features, bug fixes and mods available already has made this game worth every single dime.I have yet to actually try the newly implemented story mode, and other features that came with the official release, but I am looking forward to be building prisons again.I salute you Introversion for a job well done! Would absolutely recommend."
76561198064142762,Recommended,233450,16392502,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Matsukaze,First season of the Oz.
,Recommended,233450,25287780,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Bender Bending Rodríguez,"Great game but buggy. Certain game mechanics need more feedback or explanation in-game. The campaign explains some things, but leaves some frustrating details out (I can't have 2 power stations next to each other for what reason?)."
,Recommended,233450,25289216,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,The Doctor,"I fully Recomend ths game. Developers, if your making an alpha, take after what thisgame in its alpha state did."
,Recommended,233450,29020561,Posted: 4 January,all,Brotaku,"Do you like building and management games?Do you like in-game systems and mechanics that are always relevant and aren't overly circumstantial?Do you like those systems to be complex and in-depth, but easy to manage and control?If you said yes to those three questions and don't love this game, you're a liar and should be one of the prisoners in my prison.There's a delicate balance between complexity and necessity. Every system in this game has its place, and nothing feels like it 'didn't need to be there.' The developers did a phenomenal job of trimming the 'complexity fat' to implement a system that is both interesting and engaging.Don't even wait for the Steam sale. This game (and the devs) deserve every dollar."
76561198099156777,Recommended,233450,8770864,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,yoda,"Cannot say enough good things about this game. Ive wasted nearly 200 hours of my life to it so far and th final version hasn't even been realised! Yes there are bugs, but given it's in alpha, and the dedication for the dev team, releasing an update every month makes you easily looks past the bugs...which get fixed and worked on with each update.People who haven't got it have complained of the price, due to it being in alpha. Its worth every penny, i'd pay it again and more."
,Recommended,233450,8592304,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Kolopo,"THe gameplay is fun. Although there are many bugs in the game, it is still a great game to play."
76561198145958854,Recommended,233450,17905781,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,kballvb98,Absolute brilliant game with a holy ♥♥♥♥♥on of replayability you can spend 15 plus hours on one plot and you can make that bigger. There is so many zones and things to consrtuct. AND ITS STILL BEING UPDATED. If your thinking of buying this game be warned if your even thinking of buying im sure you know and understand that the graphics in this are very niche also there are not many building features (structure wise) the size of buildings dont effect stabililty and there are only 2 different building mats. A personal complaint from me is no multiplayer (not that it needs one) i just think that a optinal multiplayer mode where you like compete for the best prison while debating for prisoners or working together on a prison with each person being required to take care of certain prisoners or workers (somthing along those lines) would be nice.Overall 10/10 gameplay 10/10 features 10/10 replayablitlity 0/10 multiplayer (because it doesnt have one) and 9/10 resourse management
,Recommended,233450,16560635,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Genocore,"Very good game, even better if you buy it during one of the steam sales, in any case, it's well worth the full price. The only real downside for me, is that there were some bugs. But they are getting fixed every so often, that's more than most other games.It's also early access currently & it's a great game. 9/10"
,Recommended,233450,12732930,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Only1Left,"Set my own prison on fire, got charged with criminal negligence and got sent to my own still burning prison.451/10 would burn again"
76561197970517535,Recommended,233450,16558505,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,I am NOT a Kitten,This game is absolutely fantastic. Simple as that.
76561198073587966,Recommended,233450,20253329,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,samkk360,A prime example of early access done right.
,Recommended,233450,10996651,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,FinnsHere,"This game is great! It is basicly like SimCity but your just making a prision instead of a city. Even though some times it can be a bit buggy, thats what you expect from an alpha game. It is already packed filled with stuff to do so I cant wait to see what this game will be like in the end! It is a must have and you'll regreat not buying it. 9.5/10"
76561198058764671,Recommended,233450,10959688,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,migas,"OMG OMG OMG!Besides some annoying bugs, it's one hell of a game!"
,Recommended,233450,10988552,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,KCloud,10/10. Prison Architect is fun. It is easy to learn. There are a bunch of mods and prisons on the workshop. The developers are really great. This is definitely worth the $30 i spent on it. Heres and example of what I did on a prison: I saved and set the regime to infinite showers and created a riot. Then I sent in all my guards to contain them. They all die. Prisoners get into armory where they are met with a firing squad that kills tens of them. They overwhelm armed guards and arm themselves with gun and go throughout the prison while also slaughtering staff. Hundreds of maximum security prisoners armed with shotguns escape prison. Nuff said.
,Recommended,233450,7814955,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,helicopter,The attention to detail is amazing. Simply euphoric.
,Recommended,233450,18229156,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,President Ty,"The game is pretty alright. It takes a bit of time to get used to getting your prison up and running, but once you get past that hurdle it is pretty fun."
76561198249004144,Recommended,233450,25120190,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Alp🐾,"I played escape mode, shot a janitor and he kept cleaning, give this man a raise! 10/10"
,Recommended,233450,15645820,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Z-Eazy,"Great Game. I have always enjoyed this game, ever since I saw it on greenlight. It was the first game I ever purchased, and man let me tell you, designing and maintaining a prison is actually surprisingly enjoyable. It is always an enjoyable experience, and with new updates and features coming out constantly, I find it to be very enjoyable. I definitly reccomend this game."
76561198082700189,Recommended,233450,15471383,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Bitch Puddin',"Super Steep learning curve, but once you're over it, this game is easily one of if not THE most robust prison management sim on offer."
,Recommended,233450,13934074,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,hoodie,"I like the way the game works, and it wasn't hard to figure out (although it still took me a while lol), but I think the workers are too slow and get trapped too easily. Also, the intake of prisoners is too often, although I'm sure that was intended (and not even a problem, since you can turn off the prisoner intake entirely if you know how). All in all, though, the game is pretty great."
,Recommended,233450,10842651,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,CAZASNORE,Had a man in prison for 37 years for joyriding...10/10
,Recommended,233450,13520264,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Wouter,You know why everybody says this game is awesome? Because it is. Buy it. Now!If you ever get tired of this game just visit the steam workshop or wait a few weeks for new updates and features.
76561197965095817,Recommended,233450,13373316,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Misc.Batman,Great Game.
,Recommended,233450,13755529,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Obi-Sean,"Had a guy come into my prison with the reputation of a snitch, and a cop killer.  I didn't even know he was there until he was already dead in the yard with no witnesses."
76561198010351442,Recommended,233450,13675310,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,{TBAG]}Snarf,obvious roller coaster tycoon clone
76561198093732171,Recommended,233450,13560364,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,DavidKones,"I was building a prison and everything seemed to be going fine.  I was having a bit of an overcrowding issue so I started to build more cell blocks.  While I was busy with that a prisoner snuck a knife out of the canteen.  He then stabbed another prisoner and killed him.  My gaurds returned the favor by killing him.  This made some of the other prisoners angry and they began to riot.  They broke into my armory and began attacking the gaurds and each other.  After a hard fought battle my gaurds managed to lock up the prisoners again.  We had only sustained seven casualties in the altercation.  However, the prisoners had been reduced down to only sixteen.  At the end of the day I wasted my time building more cell blocks because the overcrowding issue resolved itself.10/10 - I will continue to keep society safe for yet another day!"
,Recommended,233450,11437504,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ThE_MarD,"Heyyo, It's a really neat and fun strategy game about running a prison... it can get pretty though though since the tutorial is quite short but if you're willing to put the time into learning the game? It's insanely fun. Highly recommend this indie game. :)You will get frustrated, you will learn lessons the hard way, you will have prison revolts until you learn how to build the perfect prison... they keep expanding the game too with new features and new bug fixes and it keeps getting better and better... there's definitely a lot of love going into this Prison management game inspired by the crazy Dwarf Fortress."
76561198058877045,Recommended,233450,10739615,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,LiamBarr,"This game just gets better and better. I hope it stays in beta, so it never gets 'finished'"
,Recommended,233450,14377013,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Kickamasaw,"After completing the tutorial, I spent much of my first hours planning a nice, decent facility to house my inmates. I closed myself off from prisoner delivery and slowly built my dream.I accepted generous grants and completed them posthaste, for the investors' money is what fueled my haphazard spending on everything I needed for the Iron Bar Motel.Nearly complete, I decided to build the final building: Cell Block A. My accountant warned me that our treasury was getting a little short and we should wait until more funds were available. I initially thought nothing of it, but then became a bit annoyed at her insolent tone. ""A little short? I'll show her what making money is about."" I quickly ordered her to spend $5000 on a long term investment loan that would pay off $16,000 in 164 in-game hours (on fastest time like 10 min), fired her subordinate a**, and ordered my workers to continue production on the cell block.My obedient workers tolled night and day to bring the cell block up with proper electricity, plumbing, and beds for the future inmates. However when the individual cells were sectioned off, I had forgotten to install doors in the cells and four of my workers were now trapped in 3x3 concrete coffins. ""Not a problem,"" I thought. ""I'l just purchase and install a few more doors."" But, alas, when I opened my wallet, a metaphorical moth flew out to signify how broke I was.Now my workers run aimlessly around waiting for help that won't come to arrive and save them. Never sleeping, never eating, never dying.I could break down the walls and put more up after the workers are free.But that would cost more money.Just going to wait for the $16,000 to come in.This prison shall be built by the immortal workers.10/Just buy it already"
76561198027516529,Recommended,233450,27984963,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Shiv,its ok
76561198076372531,Recommended,233450,10159108,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,deadinside,The MOST fun I've ever had in prison!
76561198107748424,Recommended,233450,15467038,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,D3M0N,"Armed Guards, weapons freeyou wont regret it"
,Recommended,233450,11194959,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,The Friendly Ninja,"I spent 2 full nights on this Game, BUY IT, BUY IT RIGHT NOW, YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT"
76561198128862254,Recommended,233450,16479352,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,mityrka,"I got a new prisoner - Matt Mathwani, a huge aggresive and strong fellow. Convicted for torture of 5 years. There was not a single day he didn't destroy bed or toilet, fight the staff or other prisoners. I put him to solicity and made him super high risk prisoner. He has been eating alone, taking showers alone and being locked alone all the time. After 3 years he applied for a parole but get rejected. On the same day he got a visitation of his father, son and wife. He get mad and killed his 5 yo son! Now I have to deal with him for another 25 years...10/10 !"
,Recommended,233450,16482240,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Queasy Moan,Didnt have time to make everyone a single cell... So I made one huge cell..... 48 went in... Only 1 came back out... ALIVE...10/10 would kill all my prisoners again.
,Recommended,233450,16408757,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Аутистский ублюдок,"-NON-SERIOUS REVIEW-Built PrisonGot 60 prisonersThey just walked out. 5 prisoners stood there.Someone took a spoon.Everyone escaped.-SERIOUS REVIEW-This game is a big letdown at being a letdown. I absolutely love it, I skipped the tutorial and immediatly learned the controls it a 5-10-15 minute confusion show. You dont like the game as how it is? You mod it with steam workshop, it also runs so smoothly, getting the best fps even though I have a crappy few hundred dollar laptop, this is one of the best early access games I've seen and played.-PROS AND CONS- (Pros and cons that I've experienced, may not be for everyone.)Pros:Best FPS2D (I love 2D in a certain viewpoint.)Ability to turn off and on certain things like unlimited money, gangs, buildings, lakes, forests.Mods.Controls are easy to learn.There are many more pros but I've forgotten them all.Gabe Newell is a prisoner.Cons:You have make/wait for guards to open jail doors for guards.Sometimes, prisoners dont follow the regime/schedule.Early Access. (Still a good game)Chefs sometimes dont cook unless you have a cooker/stove and fridge for each chef and a sink for each two chefs.When Chuck Norris arrives at your prison, he instantly kills all guards."
,Recommended,233450,16410636,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Mattimaximus,"Delicioso, I love."
76561197998055733,Recommended,233450,16460092,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Overheader,"Start to build a hell hole prison, end up with luxurious hostel-like prison... because damn mob of angry, dissatisfied people that got nothing (or little) to loose is hard to control.This game just does something right. I remember when I was playing this couple of times at first, I just did not manage to make my prison self sustaining or even possible due to constant angry prisoners breaking♥♥♥♥♥♥and rioting. Game does something right when it hooks you and you just keep coming back to it even after several frustrating scenarios that feel like you could not have done anything better.Even after now, after few succesful and self-sustaining prisons I keep coming back to this game every now and then. Heck, lately I even managed to make self-sustaining hell hole! I've managed to figure things out enough so that I dont have to lick my prisoners boots anymore to keep them happy and from rioting! I can make my prison a prison!I really like this game. Is good. Is real good."
,Recommended,233450,25298174,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,DeathHeart822,Great fun game
76561198092627754,Recommended,233450,25300929,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Lyricallly Fat. Physically Thin.,"This game is straight up amazing, if youre thinking of buying it. do it."
76561198067501732,Recommended,233450,16337981,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Doc. Z,Played 347 hours and more hours to come.  I like this game.
,Recommended,233450,16509326,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Chivalry,I love how much mayhem a max sec prisoner can make if you just provide him with some tools  :)
76561198067594509,Recommended,233450,21736487,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,savagepotatochip skinhub.com,you should make a game named school Architect. but this so fun!!!!
,Recommended,233450,13821055,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,investigate 3/11,you can search a stack of logs for suspicious activity10/10
,Recommended,233450,13616230,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Earthling,"Great game, really interesting and fun concept and so far I am really digging it."
76561197991647254,Recommended,233450,14231725,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Seb,"Promising and already very fun in the current state.Typical tycoon game, for those enjoying the genre it's a must have.Pros:+ A lot of options and choices+ Freedom of playing how you want+ Immersive+ Good balance / difficulty+ Modding (this doesn't interest me but it's there)Cons (advices for the dev):- Badly lacks hotkeys, too much clicking- No storyline or built-in objectives- Could get use of ever more choices, some are not finished (electric chair)- Some bugs around (sometimes items stacks and block each other’s from being removed ; can't remove tunnels at the extreme border of the map)- Had some lags in certain situations (might be linked to above bug)- Staff and Inmates management a bit lacking. Menu not very effective in that regard, clicking doesn't select the profile of the person, etc.- Buy menu (items, walls, ...) needs inside categories (ex. by room for items - in/out door for walls, etc.).- Need more control over workshops and other activities, as well as worker path, and stuff like that.- Positioning of items a bit strange (pre-build highlight unclear regarding to orientation), visuals bugs (doors opening on other stuff)Tbh I could go on and on with stuff ""to improve"" but it's entirely because I love the game and it shows potential and opens all of those great ideas and asks for more."
76561198091553830,Recommended,233450,15851041,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Kai,Prison Architect is a good game.
,Recommended,233450,16981842,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Gangsta Gandalf,One guy killed 16 prisoners so I locked him in a solitary rooom and blocked the door. He survived for 43 days without food water or a toilet. 10/10 ign would commit crimes against humanity againEdit: My prison failed because guess what a guy killed 12 armed guards and went on a 50 kill spreewith a shotgun. My prison failed. ♥♥♥♥ that guy.
,Recommended,233450,16766114,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,WarnedDegree244,If you a real G you play this game
,Recommended,233450,16761110,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,iSmile02,">Watches over 100s of prisoners in their cells, completely safe.>Moves the camera to the side to work on another building.>Come back to the cell block within around 5 minutes. All the prisoners are gone and there's blood everywhere. Half the workers are also unconscious or dead, 6 of the guards went missing, and to this day, I have no idea where those prisoners went. All I know is:They never escaped. Ever.10/10"
76561198089854602,Recommended,233450,16810631,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Wolf2907,"Build a Prison with 200 inmates and only 15 guards. Everything worked automatically and it worked very very good ( no deaths/riots/fires etc.(a little bit of smuggling)) until one new prisoner arrives:Name: Thomas ""Fat Hittler"" HarrisAge: 64Convictions: Murder 25 years and♥♥♥♥♥♥10 yearsBiography: He harasses small children making them eat their chicken nuggets and play with their Pokemon cards.He was a legendary high secure prisoner with fantastic fighting skills.When I noticed this I send him in a lonely solitary cell where he should have died but he didn't.....He managed to get out of his cell during the first fire... he was so angry that he killed two of my guards immediately and 5 other prisoners (maybe they were jewish but we'll never know) then he tryed to escape the prison trough the open gates, one of my remaining guards managed to taze him but he kept running to the gate. When he nearly reached the end of the map the ""freedom"" one of my armed guards managed to shot him but it was ♥♥♥♥ing Fat Hittler so he was still alive and reached the end of the map.He is free now and hopefully he'll die soon.Protect your kids and don't feed Fat Hittler11/10 would feed him again"
,Recommended,233450,20152108,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Bang New,"- ""I will never buy Early Access game""- Suddenly dev put it on sale- Buy it for Rp 29,000- Regret it and say ""why the f**k I bought this Early Access game?""- Dev launch V1.0 2 months later (out from Early Access)- The price become Rp 199,00011/10 best Early Accsess deal>Ignore my playtime, I sometimes play it in Offline Mode"
76561198069264011,Recommended,233450,20152270,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,bad with tech,10/10 found a weed mod on the work shop
,Recommended,233450,20945682,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,misterchow05,"Being a ceo is a good job m8 , 10/10 team fortress snipers"
,Recommended,233450,17716182,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,John,"Prison Architect - Build your ownI was looking forward for this game and was not disappointed once it came out in early edition. It's a special little game that always brings the best strategical ideas and gives the player a special kind of excitement.In my experience there are three kind of gamers for this: The first are more obsessed by the security of their prison, and less interested in the comfort of the tenants. Since the conditions of the correctional facilities around the world are harsh, you can easly get interested in the same kind of treatment. The second are the ones that will make a recreational camp from their project. Making the prisoners happy will make your life much easier in the game, but can lead to some reliability issues and future solidness decline. And finally the third type of players that will combine the two above making an institution that is the best state of confinement for our delinquents. It is everyones choice how they play the game, but keep in mind that you need to have some ground future ideas for the longevity of your prison.The game graphics is simple, since we are dealing with a tycoon-type. You don't need too much visuals to develop your design skills. Prison Architect has plenty of options, items and materials you can choose from. It's an experience that will last for hours. The failure will increase your will to start over and the success will give you many satisfactions.I would like to talk a little about an intriguing feeling that conducts the hole game. The faces of the prisoners are so weakly developed and it got to my mind that you don't really need to see them. They are nothing. Your only concern is that the hole institution will run clean and safe. The anonymity of their facial expressions brings us the real obscurity and relentlessness of this world.Overall, except some minor bugs, this is a great encounter with the problems you have to deal in running this kind of facility. It's a great game and I would recommend it to all the strategy-tycoon lovers.Beware of the riots!"
,Recommended,233450,17784821,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,dithyrambic,used to plan a jailbreak
,Recommended,233450,17861484,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,I Am The SkrubLord | osu prosu,"one of my prisoners was denied parole, and went on a riot, killing the parole lawyer, and leaving his dead body in  the classroom! yay!10/10 would riot again"
,Recommended,233450,17426374,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,★GadzoMan★{SVK},Hello :D
76561197995772973,Recommended,233450,17693031,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,[TAW] Dartharc,"Banished was sent to prison for underage mariages.The Sims went to prison for indecent exposure.They met in prison, fell in love, The Sims got knocked up and out popped Prison Architect."
,Recommended,233450,17740664,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,ThatHappyUnicorn,"I don't say this much, but tbh you have got to be a shrew not to like this game"
,Recommended,233450,17335472,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,DoylesRidingLife,good game
76561198030567420,Recommended,233450,17304502,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,LemonPhantom101,"I only bought this game cause a freind reccomended it to me. So I bought the game thinking it was gonna be terrable but, when i played it was AMAZING! I love this game and it was totally worth the money!"
,Recommended,233450,17312450,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Верховный лидер,Pretty good.
,Recommended,233450,17231304,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Dr. MhiefCaster,"This is the kind of game you say ""I'll play for maybe an hour, probably get started on building that new cell"" and then next thing you know 5 hours have passed.10/10 Goty"
,Recommended,233450,17387912,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Sex Robot,The only game I've ever played where the developers seem to be physically unable to stop adding new features
76561198042322056,Recommended,233450,17495906,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Pile Of Pigs,"Pretty cool, first game to let me customize my own concentration camp. Needs more execution methods, and starvation needs to be added to the game too. Also we need a mod that puts Stars of David on every prisoner ;)"
76561198056807132,Recommended,233450,17491918,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,JosephPlays,"Everybody sit down. I'm about to tell you a story...I have clocked (nearly) 200 hours into this phenomenal game. I'd give this a review ever since I picked it up when it was in it's alpha 21 state, and have not regretted a day of it since. It has been so fun just to make prisons, feed prisoners, recieve prisoners, solve riots, abuse guards and I'm still finding new interest with every alpha. As I write this, it is in Alpha 35- the Gang update, and my prison is currently in the mist of a massive gang war between the reds and the blues. I couldn't be happier to give this game a 5 star review."
76561198112488976,Recommended,233450,23716430,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,CARTMAAAAAAAN,"Really fun and interactive game.  I've consistently played this game both legitly and with the sand box mode and I can honestly say that this game is very easy to stay in to.  With the large variation of things you can do it is hard to get bored.  I've found myself experimenting with tons of different types of prisons, from ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ones that give no freedom to prisoners to lush and lavish ones.  Great game and I would recommend it to anyone who wants a game they can just chill out to and play for hours"
,Recommended,233450,15990649,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,[DTFC] Dewake,Prison Architect! The game where you can either make a safe rehabilitation center or a borderline Nazi death camp! The possibilities are endless!
,Recommended,233450,23669893,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,SLOANEY,"One of the Best Prison SimulatorsThis is an addictive simulator in which you are tasked to manage a prison. There is a decent tutorial at the start which brings you up to speed on the basics of running the prison, as well as having a story with it which was a nice touch. If you are a player that enjoys micromanagement, then this game is definitely one that you'll enjoy, as you have control over almost every aspect of the prison. However, this can also be a deterrent for those that can't quite be bothered because if you don't keep some particular things in check, it will lead to problems in your prison which you'll end up having to solve and deal with the consequences. The graphics are simplistic but suits the style, as is allows for easy tracking of what's going on, and the sounds are nice to. There are many online guides to this game which is good because after the tutorial, the game doesn't hold you hand. In addition to this, they have integrated steam workshop which has allowed for many mods and prebuilt prisons to be experimented with. The developers have been great since early access, constantly pushing updates for the game that fixes issues for the game and adds new features. If you're looking to get sucked away for many hours into a simulator, then i'd definitely recommend this one."
,Recommended,233450,22865663,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,gay,"Great game, when you first get it you'll be playing the entire day. The campaign is fun, but the game gets kind of dry after a while."
,Recommended,233450,23556543,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Sad Tobey,"i know that it may say that i havent played much of it but i plan on playing it alot because it fun. in you dont do it in sandbox it can be a little tricky when having to not spend all your money but still have to worry about the conditions of your prison, heating, electricity, plumbing.Best is that everyday could be a ROYAL RUMBLE if you change one little thing.10/7 Would play"
,Recommended,233450,23573849,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,dew3,"This game is beatuiful. Definitely buy it. The trailer doesn't do justice to this game, and how outrageously deep you can dig in it."
,Recommended,233450,23606641,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Sevrick,Very fun and adctive. It's also very deep in mechanics.
76561198202162828,Recommended,233450,23550120,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Pr.Nestman I,Best game I ever played!
76561198134754750,Recommended,233450,12261033,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Gibous_VI,A different take on a city builder. Definetly worth picking up and checking out
,Recommended,233450,839630,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Cooking with 92 Mage,"This game is so much damn fun. It is only in it's alpha stages now, but this isn't a downside. Watching the game being built through the monthly updates is both enjoyable/funny (Due to the general conversation and emphasis they place upon new bugs), and awe inspiring. The depth of thought and work put into this game makes it worth it, as is, at full price I might add. Aside from being a testament to Bullfrog, and in my opinion, it's right to do so, this game is just fun, plain and simple."
76561198206169708,Recommended,233450,24095964,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,cameronmitchell302,"A very fun game. However, going straight into a game from startup, rather than into a main menu, can be a bit annoying."
,Recommended,233450,8445343,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Phantom,Amazing Game
,Recommended,233450,24035773,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Quarrel,"I have been playing this game since early development. (I didn't own it on steam, so my hours are very low compared to what they should be)If you like sims, or any type of create/design game I highly recommend. You can change and manage every little detail of your prison, like food, punishments etc… Or you can leave it at the default settings and still do very well.I don't know what to say about this game but i keep coming back to play.Works best if you play while watching wentworth or orange is the new black."
,Recommended,233450,14681671,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Crazy,Amazing game but need fix some bugs9/10Here is some bugs:Prisoners do not want to go to the canteen :/All prisoners go to the holding cell and doesn´t want to go out (must create new prison :| )sorry for my bad english but I´am not from England
76561198152159945,Recommended,233450,24098648,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,GooseMcD,Love this game!
,Recommended,233450,24100993,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,/Bobby_Levy\,This is a good game
,Recommended,233450,18365071,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Centrelink - twitch.tv/ecentau,"A fantastic game. Utilising all of the typical gameplay characteristics of simulation games. Prison Simulator opens up a little touched theme within the genre. Prison Simulator has enjoyable but challenging mechanics. The game like many other simulators is a game about balance. A close relative to this game would probably be theme hospital.You begin with an empty lot, and a small budget to build your own prison. You can be given grants for opening specialty rooms within your prison.  Building a room requires a minimum amount of furniture/facilities in that room for it to operate as such.Budgeting your prison correctly is a constant care of the player. Having to create the harmony of price and functionality within your prison while growing it for more intake of prisoners (your income) is the game.This game would be recommended for those who enjoy pop culture prison jokes, as well as those who enjoy construction and simulator games in general."
,Recommended,233450,22154657,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Th3KingTaco,"Fantastic game not many better in my opinionPros:Nice GraphicsConstantly UpdatedVery AddictingGood ValueYou can escape your own prisons!Workshop is filled with great mods and prisonsMany more....Cons:The only thing is I wish escape mode had a bit more content like, your gang could take over an area in a prison but other than that great game Worth a Buy :P"
,Recommended,233450,7342083,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,:+:Spanjard:+:,it is a great alpha it will be a awesome beta and it will be the game i´ve been spending to much hours on because this concept really is my thing! i like this game all the way!UPDATE: It's time to edit this review as it is out of alpha and im pretty sure also out of beta. i still think this is one of the best games in my library and it should not be underestimated it is so much fun! and addictive yep.. very...must build another cell...Final verdict: 9/10 for this game as it lacks some features is would have liked to see but other than that it's awesome!
,Recommended,233450,16837089,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,snowwhite,"Even in alpha this game is able to keep my interest.  The intricacy of the AI is amazing, and the things the prisoners do is incredibly amusing.  I am so glad I finally decided to play it."
76561198042136911,Recommended,233450,20773466,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Lordweegee,"First found out about the game through the yogcast back in 2012 and have watched grow and change through the years, pirated it first but as soon as i got the money brought the game and haven't looked back. One of the best games to ever come out on steam."
76561198080510299,Recommended,233450,14372210,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Enekuda,With every update this game gets better and better! and the fact that it updates absically every month is a huge plus as well because the game never gets old that way!
76561198063507241,Recommended,233450,9104259,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,HeroicSquirrel,"This game is the best game ever. Prisoners and fights and riots and best of all if they riot you can turn gunfire on and the prisoners will be shot. Also, you can make those prisoners work and clean and do laundry and it doesn't help thier prisoner sentence at all. Best game ever."
76561198046803208,Recommended,233450,18357969,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,El Znorro,Is Good
76561198132194021,Recommended,233450,20807551,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Majami,Great Indie game
,Recommended,233450,25162876,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Trash weeb へんたい,"I always support this project since it was only an early access. Now they added a lot of new things, like escape mode and more. they solve lots of bugs and glitches and now is very enjoyable!"
,Recommended,233450,20994567,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Jellzy,"Good fun startegy/simulation type game. This isn't your simple minded Theme Hospital though.There's a shed load of gameplay to be found in what is a suprsingly deep prison simulator that has everything from simply housing prisoners and taking care of their basic needs, to reforming them with an effort to subside re-offending.Play through the campaign to begin with to get small but helpful story that acts as a backdrop to help you learn the ropes. It's a tad more than your typical tutorial but is arranged in such as way to not have you feel like you are being inundated with detailed systems.After that go wild in an open sandbox starting with a small prison and ramping it up to a large one containing multiple levels of security and a crazy amount of staff who are all unique and required to assist your prisoners and prison itself function."
,Recommended,233450,17884507,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,jestrick,"This game, still in Alpha, has plenty of bugs to go around. That said, I didn't find any to be game breaking, and most of them fixed themselves after some experimentation on my part. It's all part of early access!Now the game itself. Part builder, part management game. A Sim City of prisons, and I mean the old style sim cities. It has charm, humor, strategy, and pure excellence.Herein find my pros and cons!PROS-Cute minimal graphics-Lots of room and material options-Stories on all inmates-Good strategy inside-It's as difficult as you make it to beCONS-Bugs (a given)-Lack of polishBare in mind that the only cons are basically due to the fact that it's in Alpha stage, which we know going in.IN CLOSINGThis game is one of the reasons early access can be fantastic."
,Recommended,233450,6395150,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,Giraffey,Great Creative Realistic game
76561198000691769,Recommended,233450,21182092,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Jake,34 hours of prison sim city. It was worth the dollas. In the end the game turned out to be a bit too easy for my taste once you figured things out. Also found some abuses to generate money too fast. Aim for death row prisoners.
76561198028202604,Recommended,233450,22015900,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Rainman,"Awesome little game and the shining light for any aspiring EA developer.  The game does exactly what you expect, you can build a prison and then manage it.The campaign functions well as a good tutorial to the game.I wish there were more grant objectives in the main game, but there are enough to keep you interested for a long time.There are a few bugs that crop up every now and again, but I've found that they usually right themselves if you save and reload the map.  This happens to me maybe once every 30-40 hrs and only on my largest prisons.Also, if you want multiples of some buildings in your prison, the AI can do some stupid things (like have 20 cooks at one kitchen, instead of 10 working in each of the two kitchens.  I would like the ability to assign staff to certain work areas (the same way you can assign prisoners to certain work areas).  But these really are minor gripes.If you like management sims or even city builders, you will probably get a lot of enjoyable gaming hours from Prison Architect.8/10."
,Recommended,233450,20231330,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,bowbowboom,love it love everything about this game the only problom I have is with the Soundtrack
76561198022018964,Recommended,233450,20370499,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Stylistic Sagittarius [NL],This is a fun game that goes way deeper then you would expect.Also the story is very entertaining but...SHORT!If you don't like the story then you can still go for it because you get plenty of sandbox oppertunity here.However i do hope they are going to bring a lot more campaigns in this because the way they tell the story is very very well done. You really start feeling with these prisoners.
76561198053834335,Recommended,233450,22060080,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Bad Wolf,"Very addictive game, well set out and easy to play, hours of entertainment"
76561198121806595,Recommended,233450,22051491,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,thothokill,i think i just became addicted 0_o
,Recommended,233450,12472791,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,wackykirby,"So far I think it's a pretty good game. Once i learn the mechanics and everything, and build a prison, then i'm sure it will be FAR more enjoyable. Great game for early access. Would download again"
,Recommended,233450,13350889,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,ozeane,"I enjoyed it for what I paid for it. I got it on sale for $10. I appreciate the devs staying in touch with their game and not pulling a DayZ. They care. Ingame you essentially are the manager of a prison and need to build it from scratch with a small startup grant. It can be challenging at times to build up your money, but you can successfully jump that hurdle. The gameplay was rather simple. Prisoners enter, some have♥♥♥♥♥♥ some don't. They go do their daily things. You find♥♥♥♥♥♥on them. They go to solitary. This got very boring very quickly for me. There is nothing new that is pulling me back into the game. Perhaps changes will come in the future for me to bring me back in. I am optimistic about this game. Overall, I'd get it when it was on sale if I was you. I do recommend it, and I did enjoy it, it just didn't keep MY interest. However, I see plenty of people who have a fun time playing it, and I feel there is certainly a market for it.  8.5/10"
,Recommended,233450,17024138,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Vomit Cake,"I LOVE this game, these are the reasons why-The updates are so often-For an Early-Access game it is one of a kind-It is difficult and easy YOU decide-The Gangs and contraband make it very difficult yet more in depthThe things I've learned-There are a lot of criminals-Guards enjoy being shanked-Prisoners can just walk in with a knife, some alcohol and some drugs and nobody asks questions-I do not want to go to my prison its more of a concentration campThings that need to be added-Easier to use Intelligence Panel-More reasearch options and more members of staff-more types of guard including the Correctional Emergency Response Team who are armoured and have only batonsThings that need to be fixed-Guards and Priosners being stuck on doorsOver all this game is very good.Nyu"
,Recommended,233450,20864799,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,General Hastapagacho,"This is a amaizing game to pass time. The devs are on top of this game releasing updates every month it seems like. The game needs further development, but as of its current state is a nice little game to play on long weekends. Get it on sale i would say its worth about $15."
76561198289427252,Recommended,233450,22599433,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Death Phoenix,i love this
,Recommended,233450,24324920,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,quoshi,yay
76561198120581958,Recommended,233450,16551785,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Rorono Zoro,Built a Super Max prison  building surrounded by fence !! Fast stimulated the game and came back after getting some coffee and all prisoners escaped except one who passed the spiritual class
76561198141073405,Recommended,233450,25312369,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,HeyYoOrange,Very fun
,Recommended,233450,25295334,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,jesusmode,"Great mechanics, pretty good story, good replayability"
,Recommended,233450,21394374,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,aidenthepunk,Turn on escape mode grab a lighter (burn it alll down) walk straight out the hole in the fence you made with the fire
76561198080125348,Recommended,233450,25410537,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,PenCapChew1996,"Simply an amazing sandbox prison simulator, with so many mechanics and potential for trouble. But if there has to be a drawback, its the story. Full of holes and only an hour or so long. Guess its more of a tutorial with a loose storyline. Vey much worth getting on special."
,Recommended,233450,14008633,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Very Buttery Bread,Buy this if u like to call in riot police to beat inmates that protest because of 24 hours lock down you set.
,Recommended,233450,20773920,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Thundermaker300,"Prison Architect is a great game.  It's a game where you can build a prison and send in prisoners.  Sure, there's some blood effects.  Who cares?  I recommend trying Prison Architect if you're up for a challenge!"
,Recommended,233450,8347239,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Zombifest,"Fun way to pass the time, and its regularly updated!"
,Recommended,233450,21526337,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,MR.Allar,One of most inderesting games i have played. Design and manage your own prioson  and then try to escape from your own cration. So if you like this kind of game then get it.
76561198153712371,Recommended,233450,16703282,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,lewis.allan512,good but blacks out randomly
76561198088554975,Recommended,233450,21534076,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,BadWolf™,"Amazing game! awesome story, that really makes you think about justice today. As a simulator, just great. it is so addicting!!"
76561198018685789,Recommended,233450,21543341,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,fishjam85,Seriously addictive.Can get a bit clunky with larger prisons but many hours of fun to be had before it gets to that.
76561198008498484,Recommended,233450,21548733,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,crash,"Allright, the game is great.But what i don't understand is: Why is there such annoying bugs like staff (mainly doctor) getting stuck at walls or the laundry is not working properly for dormitories while you release a women prison?Don't get me wrong, it is very nice of you to develop such things, but its more than a month since you released and update and its over 2 months now that im struggling with those bugs.Of course i do recommend this game but I'm begging you to fix those things!"
76561198135935146,Recommended,233450,15558714,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Xenomorf0CZ,"Prison Architect is one of the best prison strategy game ever. There are still some bugs, but game is still in early access (31 aplha). Most fun is when you have only holding cell for 586 prisoners.+graphiccreativityideaprizeidea-bugssometimes low FPS (even with gaming pc)TUNELS ARE EVERYVHERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (bugs)"
76561198131216065,Recommended,233450,18681084,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Q1Gonchi1P,"Its AMAZING!!! Graphics, Gameplays and your power in this game."
,Recommended,233450,13693943,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,mmello,"The only max security prisoner started a riot, made me lost my prison.10/10"
,Recommended,233450,18368534,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,rom5419_xeqtr,"Although the game is still badly synchronised and the grid-based GUI is annoying as hell to use without inducing some cyber-OCD here and there, the depth and charm of the campaign's storyline blew me away. Aside from following the same general procedure of prison tycoon games, the inner micromanagement workings of the game would challenge your sense of morality and humanity more than your favorite crime investigation/thriller film. Come for the tedious yet inspiring gameplay, stay for the true meaning of the name ""Introversion Software""."
76561198166143363,Recommended,233450,20366814,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,ZambieMann,Love it!
76561198205887631,Recommended,233450,20454433,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Evanco,"A brilliantly thought-out game, but overpriced."
76561198068618106,Recommended,233450,11087785,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Inglorious Canadian,"It's a good management sim, and good builder as well. Gets a little boring after a while, but they have monthly updates with new content, so it is being actively improved. It may be in Early Access, but it is complete enough to play and enjoy, so I would have to say it is a pretty good game all in all. If you are against Early Access, then just wait for it to come out at 1.0."
76561198015623422,Recommended,233450,18230550,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,swifftdagger,this game is a drug. you cant just play it one time. you will think about it wile your at work and when you wake up then you want play it for a week or 3 and then bam ♥♥♥♥ the vane your hooked yet agen
76561198060854010,Recommended,233450,14093605,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,CombatTheWombat,"Great game, but the fact that it's in alpha shows. At the moment I can't get my builders to build anything without having to hold their hands through it. I started my game able to build twenty cells at a time, now I have to manage oen cell at a time to make sure that the walls are valid to build. The workers don't get trapped inside, they just refuse to build a wall and shows a big ""x"" on where they should be building it. It's a great game until you reach that bug, then it becomes a convoluted mess and is frustrating as hell. Also, some more work or information needs to be given regarding work and reeducation programs, I had no idea what to do and took me forever to figure out, though that might just be me.But, as I said, the unbugged version of the game is great, but it's frustrating when alpha like bugs are still present in a core element as essential as the builders.7/10 debug the builders and I'll make it a 9."
76561198065110125,Recommended,233450,7817304,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,GOD OF ALL BEEFCAKES!!!!!,I love this game and it is worth every penny you spend on it :3
,Recommended,233450,17620598,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,CaptoC - YEEYEE!,"This game is very fun, slow at first and once you do all the tings, like make the biggest prison you can with all the rooms, lots of cells, and all, it gets a little boring. But they are updating it alot and i have seen TONS of new features. Its really fun to mess around with unlimeted funds and fog of war off on a large map, i personally love this game and i cant wait to see future updates!I recommend this game, solid 8.5/10!"
,Recommended,233450,18426557,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,How to play minecraft,Good Game So FarCuz I'm Illuminartei.:D
76561197972671575,Recommended,233450,20193672,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Agrajagg,"All the fun of prison life without worrying about dropping the soap, salad tossing, and getting shived."
,Recommended,233450,19604283,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Proud,11/10 Amazing
76561198265096020,Recommended,233450,19623260,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Commodore Malex,A unique game from a unique developer!
76561198052085435,Recommended,233450,20358482,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Kizmo,"This is without a doubt my best buy in the entire of 2015. The gameplay is challening, pleases my supressed OCD needs, makes me laugh, and tear my hear out at the same time. Its quite simply a great great game. From 2015 I tried alot of different games, but none were able to make me sit in my chair for 6 hours+ without thinking about what time it was (or quite respect my need for sleep to function at work and school). Its brilliant from start to finish. It reminds me alot of an old time classic of mine, Bullfrogs Theme Hospital. Only better =) Its a must, quite simply. Best game of 2015.-kiz-"
,Recommended,233450,20310211,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Attics,Pool table in the showers. Don't pot the brown with the pink.8/10
,Recommended,233450,20027894,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Stefan de Geit,10/10 would lock up my mom again
,Recommended,233450,20054939,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,DeadZoneHark,I think this gam brings prison and buildings to life and I love a good game that requires some stratgey.
,Recommended,233450,18355710,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,ダディスキン,"Absolutley amazing game, nuff said!"
,Recommended,233450,18369694,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Din,"Played this game for 100+ hours (some of them offline), built 3 mega prisons, and then was just watching their monthly updates. Would really miss Chris Delay and Mark Morris joking and laughing all the time :)If you like Theme Hospital, building and making things work on their own - this game is a must.11/10"
76561198074931731,Recommended,233450,16480790,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Drugs n Gold,"If I had to write a review about this game, and I do. Then this is what I would have to say."
,Recommended,233450,16965328,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,[G.O. Elite] Kryslum,Prisoner glitched in the showers and walked around naked until released on parole... naked.10/10
,Recommended,233450,16018729,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Matt,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥nice♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,233450,16318131,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Lopyjack,Great game! I can't stop playing!!!
,Recommended,233450,20990562,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Frost_Inferno,"Great game for the price.Highly recomended.Loads of updates, (around once a month).Awesome community.Lots of extras...Never get board.Get this game.:)"
,Recommended,233450,21206580,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Held_Games,This is a very good game why because you can do what ever you want to do. Put a lot of prisoners into a smal room. And if you dont want to build a prison or have build one try escape mode. Try to escape for your own or others prisons. Make a gang. Kill that guy in the corner cause he looked at you. Bun the prison down. Escape. But remember you dont save it like if i burned my prison down in escape mode its stil there so i can build on it later. Then let´s say you got a good prison and dont know what to do? You haved tryed to escape it. Download a mod or more there is a lot of mods out there. Then you can keep building. If you just want to make a prison that is hard to escape there is also sandbox. I think that there is a lot of content in this game you should try it out.
76561198002631604,Recommended,233450,20952615,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,TrickiD,"What's that, you've stolen a book.Enjoy solitary for the next 25 years.muaha.muahahah.muhahahahhahaha.8/10, would remove windows from cells again."
,Recommended,233450,16736967,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,็็,"I was playing and i saw my security chief run into a clasroom and creepily ""rubbed"" the teacher against the wall until she disappeared for no reason - 69-10 IGN"
,Recommended,233450,21029488,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Assassin,Never knew how much I loved economics until I played this. You can put your prisoners to work and make goods. It's like your own slave factory.11/10 would oppress for commercial gain again.
,Recommended,233450,20735907,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,AlphaGamer46,"Just look at how many hours I have on this game. I don't play games that I don't like for more than a half hour at a max.Prison Architect is one of the best games I've ever played and the fact that it's out of Alpha and has been fully released is great. It spent ages in Alpha but it was worth it.The price keeps dropping and at $30US it is still worth it. I paid $35US for it and have never looked back.21/10 Definitely recommend it, great for everyone."
,Recommended,233450,20807081,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,BAL - MNS,Chicago suburban builder sim 2016 10/10
76561198195979325,Recommended,233450,23471154,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,The_Entitled_Brit,love this game unfortunatly steam took my copy away bought it from♥♥♥♥♥so it was probably a pirate code buy from steam only
76561198041276115,Recommended,233450,23350717,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,katbarf,"I'm loving this game. I purchased it awhile ago but only recently have had time to play. Went through most of the story mode and now am building/rebuilding my prison. Should I let them all mingle? Should I let them riot? Big cells, little cells, so much to decide! Stuffing them in a bunch of dorms in mixed population makes for a lot of riots. :)"
,Recommended,233450,24045855,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Myxer,New prisoner intakeledendary inmate on day 3No armed guardsKills all my guards and every prisonerSend in riot policeKills them allSend paramedics to see if they can revive guardsKills them tooLegendary prisioner owns prison now10/10 would recommend
76561198107224280,Recommended,233450,24125017,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,br,"110 inmates, 102 staff, 42 guards.  $81,000 cash on hand, $900 income, all progams available are scheduled... MeaninglessNotice ginger inmate wallowing in solitary click on him at random find 1 Conan O'Brien Age: 44  ""Late night talk show host who murdered his mate Andy Richter.  Sentenced to 18 years for multiple crimes including Arson, and Arson.""  Currently out of Solitary back in General population being tazed by a guard for attacking another inmate,...Priceless"
,Recommended,233450,25260592,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Insônia,Finally. After the last 2.0 patch. They fixed my reported bugs.They make this game playable again.Or only my game crash a lot?
,Recommended,233450,25623366,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,DerzInThaHood,"Just bought game, play and consume your life, work for a week, riot, saved it, finally done, forgot to save O_o.Repeat. One of the best games I've played :D five stars"
76561198111290703,Recommended,233450,25055095,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Asakir de Waxellson,"Prison Architect is a great sandbox game that gives a lot of room and possibilities for one's own creativity and to go full nerd-mod. Designing the perfect prison, the details in planning and organizing, opportunities in starting from nothing until the big of biggest prisons and all the chances something going wrong during that process, makes it really interesting and even after hundreds of ingame hours still fun to play.There is a great development team behind the game and an even greater community that amazes again and again with their own creations and helping side.Even not being totally finished (last update planned for august 2016) it was all the way and will always be an enjoyable game."
,Recommended,233450,21743549,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Generic Blonde Loli,"This game not only teaches you how to create complex and revolutionary prisons, it also teaches you what it feels like to be in prison by making you sit in your room for endless hours alone in the dark while playing this addicting game.10/10 would quit drugs to play this game."
76561198051468254,Recommended,233450,24336432,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Frank F. Frankison in VR,"really fun game, but its crash city, it wasnt to bad to start but since the new update its much much worse. it hangs my whole system for more than a minute till it recovers"
,Recommended,233450,24374128,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Star Child,"Roller coaster tycoon but armed and dangerous, and off its medication."
76561198138272417,Recommended,233450,23294111,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,ObiWanCanBlowMe,"Make a prison and do an easy escape, but super fun"
,Recommended,233450,23426237,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,spiderdadfusion,"I enjoy being able to play the game from both a micro and macro perspective, The updates that have come to this game have been making it more diverse and challenging. The workshop is also a great place to add new buildings and rooms."
,Recommended,233450,23491116,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Longsok,"If you enjoyed the Tycoon games of the early 2000's, enjoy economic management sims, or just want to run your own prision, this is worth the money."
,Recommended,233450,23714974,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,[TnV] Entity,"Rather enjoyable, allows the player to release their inner sadistic personalities, would recommend!"
,Recommended,233450,24796245,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,The Jaguar,My fourth legendary prisoner began insulating his room to make it warmer when I refused to. I was ok with this until I realized that he was using my guards' corpses to do so.....
,Recommended,233450,23075567,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,HoodieStrings,Build a Prison. Where people go to jail for stupid stuff. Really read the bio's! lol
76561198134614363,Recommended,233450,21401895,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,HarambeIsNotDead,"This game is pretty cool.I like the idea of building your own prison with your own rights and stuff.The developpers are not sleeping and they add tons of things.Also they try to be realistic and make this game how it in real life is.PROS-Nice and kind graffic-Realistic environment-Realistic events (Fires, Riots etc.)-Prisoner ""inteligency"" (they act as real prisoners)-Updates every month with whole new thingsCONS-You'll spend 75% of your in-game time building foundations, walls and decorating in-door things-Few things aren't realistic (f.e. Civilists can throw contraband like 8 metres far and above your walls)-For 28 euros I'd give it6,5/10And I recommend to buy it on 30% percent sale or more"
,Recommended,233450,25278548,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Boomstick (Lemon),9/10 No One Dropped The Soap
76561198141948865,Recommended,233450,25296208,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Zoo Wee Mama,don't drop the soap
,Recommended,233450,25374422,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,gorlock13,this is the type of game that you can litterally spend hours playing because there is so much possibillity in this game. if you dont feel like doing one thing you can do another or another or another and so on and so forth!
,Recommended,233450,24053979,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,dracarys,my black prisoner killed everyone. 10/10
,Recommended,233450,13513157,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Celery Man,"Prison Architect has a lot of suprises in it, and its the type of game you're going to want to tell your friends about the crazy antics that happen to you. One thing you should realize is that a large part if this game is doing stuff like laying down pipes and cables, and managing employees and patrol routes and things like that. There's definitely a learning curve, but it is not hard to work through especially with a tutorial and contract system that guides you.Anything can happen, and the reward is seeing it unfold based on the decisions you made. Prison Architect is a best-in-class game that mixes a flexible construction system with a humourous and unpredictable ecosystem of thugs!"
,Recommended,233450,13817898,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,AJ,"I thought I was going to build a theme park and then realized this game was about prison, so I recreated scenes from Orange is The New Black but with dudes. Shower shankings and guards abusing tazers is where this game shines. But seriously, this game is really fun, especially since it's only in alpha and there is an active modding community."
,Recommended,233450,12464984,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,[KLM Virtual - Owner] Hascast,"This game is the greatest prison simulation/manageing game ever. you might think itsa childish stupid game, its not its about 16+ maybe but its worth the £20 its so good adictive and enjoyable i would give it 7/10 it will get 10/10 if it gets more updated i have no more words not but i highly recormend this very exiting,enjoyable,good , god of prison games"
,Recommended,233450,9902300,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Alex,Great game! Highly recommended
,Recommended,233450,18750333,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Jynxs,This Game is Great is you are looking for a Prison Tycoon like game.to people just watching the videos and thinking it looks garbage. Your wrong i thought the same Your best just buying the game and start from scratch you will then understand how addictive the game really is and understand that its not all about the graphics.
,Recommended,233450,363562,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Weesteev,"If you loved Theme Hospital, Sim Golf and the original Theme Parks... then you will love this! Just moved to Alpha 11 and a little buggy but has huge potential an dwill be a superb game going forward."
76561197966628956,Recommended,233450,251538,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Monk,"Really Really liking this , has so much potential ,  cannot wait till release ! Highly Recommend"
,Recommended,233450,854282,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,Jokke,"Awesome game.Very playable, it almost fells like a complete game, not an Early Access title.The game receives monthly updates with a devblog video where the devs inform you about all the changes in the recent update.This is one of the few Early Access games that I am sure will be completed. And if it for some reason doesen't, im am pretty satisfied with how it allready is."
76561198015675797,Recommended,233450,10653351,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,SmittyWerbenJagerManJensen,Sehr unterhaltsamer Knast Simulator.
76561198068170835,Recommended,233450,8918051,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Lvl 100 Nidoking,Awesomeness..
76561198085054692,Recommended,233450,9212337,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Friedrich Nietzsche,THis is one of my  favorite games!!!
,Recommended,233450,8751545,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,acambi,Best game EU
76561197982622743,Recommended,233450,8756944,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,The Misfit,Very addictive.
,Recommended,233450,8424969,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,I can't preTEND ANYmore,I've always wanted to be in a prison and now I can.
,Recommended,233450,8836981,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Corwin,This game is so full of bugs.... and I love it.  I've been playing since some of the early alphas and it just gets better and better.  So much fun
,Recommended,233450,8385423,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Hack'n'Splat,Just keeps getting better and better. Recent performance tuning has removed all the lag. And Linux support!
,Recommended,233450,8627312,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,グレシャム,Great Game! (Don't just let your prisoners free that cost ya monies!)
76561198101288125,Recommended,233450,8769295,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Zerelada,"An amazing game in which you build and design a prison. You are the owner of the prison and you look after your prisoners needs. You start of with a certain amount of money and start to build your prison. When you first create the prison you get multiple options to create it as you please and make it yours. You are in control and can do what you like with your prison. Buy guards, build canteens, workshops, showers, laundries, kitchens, offices and many other places. You can have lots of fun just customising your prison to make it as nice or as horrible as possible. Remember you are in charge!! I would recommend this game because it is lots of fun and it has endless possibilties to explore. Although at times the game could be buggy (Not that I have really experience this though) It is worth all the money because updates come out which make the game more interesting  as well as videos showing you endless possibilities. In addition you can get mods to add something else to you prison. So I DEFinately recommend it to anyone!!! Thanks for an awesome game and anyone reading this; if you have not already purchased the game of course, go check it out! :)"
,Recommended,233450,8517728,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Mr. Pu,"A very awesome game, well the price is a kind of high but i think the mentioned something about 9 more years of development (Or something like that). The game has been developed since 2010. And they are beware of the bugs and the bugs aren't really that annoying it is mostly fun bugs as you can see in the trailer."
,Recommended,233450,8718505,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Day *4,This game is amazing. I played it on one main prison. I would recomend adding mods especialy grant mods because money is quite hard to earn.
,Recommended,233450,9835048,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,ykeloy,"Been playing since alpha 3.I now spend all my time making, and reading character 'Name in the Game''sI now spend all my time hiding from the police, for doing what a character bio told me.I spent all my time breaking into that bunny pen."
,Recommended,233450,10173337,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Mahoney Green,"You start making some idiot things, then you start using cheats, then you get bored, then you think ""how is it without cheats"" and then you love it! forevah! <3"
,Recommended,233450,7810785,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,David01390,"One of the most addictive games i have ever played, would highly suggest this game to anyone who likes simulators"
,Recommended,233450,8053697,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Tallios,I was really hesitant to buy this game.  I was very pleasently surprised by the work and attention put into this game.  If you like simulator games.  This will have a place in your heart.
,Recommended,233450,9139054,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Binu,"An amazingly fantastic game that can run on most computers and is a great game to waste some time if your at home or on a laptop somewhere. And best of all, you get to watch big prisoners eat food and get naked and shower together, so its a 10/10 in my books."
,Recommended,233450,9777083,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Pope Of Draven,great game good community
76561197984256179,Recommended,233450,11476923,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Jumpyspider,"So, I thought, I am a fan of god games but I have never managed a prison before. Worth a shot!I was not disappointed. Intraversion have made a winner here. I started off being a liberal governer but after a group of those sumbag prisoners started a riot, up went the solitary cells and out went the pool tables. That'll learn 'em"
,Recommended,233450,12315516,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Jawj,"Really good, fun game with lots being added every month or so. Best early access game i have ever played"
,Recommended,233450,12207710,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Wammbo,10/10 pointsI wan't to thanks the Development-Team for a beautiful game and many hours of fun.This game is all the money worth! Good Games are Raw out there... so Thanks Dev's.
,Recommended,233450,12417489,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Brandon_H,I would highly recommend Prison Architect to anyone who likes strategy or buildingIt's probably the most complete early access game i've playedAnd by far the best Prison simulator with updates every month generally pretty big changes
,Recommended,233450,14913969,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,WowWowWubby,very fun and a great time killer
,Recommended,233450,14910523,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Benjinx,"Fun, In-depth, and always being updated!Prison Architect is easily a game you can lose track of time playing. Not a complaint in the least. Needless to say in simulation games peak your interest give this game a solid try. It can usually be found on sale, however it is worth the full price tag if you rather not wait."
76561198012770540,Recommended,233450,14922665,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Delfrogo,"I read another review that said ""just buy it all ready"" so I did. That was a great decision.Brilliant: The game runs great; it’s really fluid and entertaining for an Alpa. I get little bugs here and there, like doors don’t set themselves in after placing them. It’s really rare and I can fix it by destroying resetting the door. I treat every alpha update like a free DLC.Graphics: At first I thought I wouldn’t like it because of the graphics. However, I’ve grown to like the cartoony look and I don’t think any other way would be better. After all it’s the gameplay that makes this game. I dig it now.Predictability: I find it really fun when a prisoner does something I wouldn’t think he could do. They are very smart and will try and escape whenever the opportunity arises. They’ll steal items from the prison and if you don’t have effective metal detectors, you’ll have a dead body in a cell block come morning time.Value: For $30! I feel like I’ve gotten a good deal. I didn’t pay to get a prisoner named after me, I wish I did.Overall: 9/10. It’s a great game, it’s fun, and I feel like it has a lot more room to expand. It’s not for everybody, but if you like sims: Grab it now!"
,Recommended,233450,14928719,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,SheSaidNoISaidYes,"I've done everything there is to do in PA thus far. That being said I still find myself coming back to this addicting game every month for their update. And the devs do not dissappoint, they listen to gamers ideas. And come out with a video explaing what they have been up too for the month.In short PA will keep you playing for hours and hours without a break (except for letting pizza guy in and bathroom breaks) With updates every month and a solid bug report system that allows us (the gamers) vote which ones should be addressed first. I cant think of why you wouldn't want to buy this game.Devs interaction with community 10/10Game itself (for a alpha) 10/10"
,Recommended,233450,14508181,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Drakelon,"Started the game and forgot to turn it off when I went to a friends house, I was there for an hour and came back. All but seventeen of my 208 prisoners mysteriously died in their cells with no trace of what cause their deaths. After searching the bodies I found out that every single one of them was carrying contraband 11/1"
76561198123002696,Recommended,233450,13887891,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Reverse Giraffe,You build a prison.Do good and nothing bad happens.Do bad and everyone dies.10/10 would let everyone die again
,Recommended,233450,13152568,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,"Emperor Matthew ""The Builder""","An amazing game! Prison Architect throws you into the buisness of prison manging, the game takes the simple ellegence of   a sandbox game and mixes it with the strategy to overcome your inmates. If you like sandbox/tycoon games, then this is a must have"
,Recommended,233450,13167278,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Apricat,"This game is amazingly fun, packed full of new features and challenging scenarios. Totaly worth 10 dollars"
,Recommended,233450,12456291,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Sir Walcy,Everyone escaped. Even the guards escape.I failed as an architect.
,Recommended,233450,10643717,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Snow Mi$er,"I want the ""Pillar of Community"" badge."
,Recommended,233450,27028692,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LobsterTaco,Build Low Sec PrisonHire 5 GuardsSmall fight becomes RiotEveryone is dead10/10
76561198065889715,Recommended,233450,27714440,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,prowhiteboy64,"Well I Actually Love the Game and Mods Just Make it Even More Fun and You Need to make Sure No One Gets Shanked really.....My Guards are Some times Stupid Really.Also I Play with Lituall Gangs Trying to Maul Everyone..... Also Remember. Protect Those Ex Law/Guards/Snitches Or they Get A Shank!(For Real THEY WILL get Murdered In yer Prison.)In Other words 10/10.P.S. I Nominated This For The ""Test Of Time"" Award. (Just My Nomination for me.)"
,Recommended,233450,12068596,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Tuddles,This is a great prison game. The only thing I would do is make it so you can skip the turtorial.
76561198161429468,Recommended,233450,26566857,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Just George,great game and never gets old as there are millions of different prison layouts and schemes.
76561198079010291,Recommended,233450,26546631,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Vlad,Actually comes in 3D Mode.
,Recommended,233450,26129733,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,SLO7H,Addictive once you get a hang of it.
,Recommended,233450,26968442,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CrowdedWorlds,"The updates have stopped but I'm still coming back. It's not perfectly rounded out, but the deep level of simulation and personality makes for an incredibly engrossing game."
76561198032898393,Recommended,233450,23549795,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,danmanisa,"If you buy this game, you may just be serving a sentence of your own...as time slips by, engroused in what you are doing. It's a fantastic managment, builder where the unpredictability of the prisoners (and pretty much everything else!) always has you interested.The Pros:- Just one more thing: Oh how mnay times I've thought ""I'll just finish this bit and then I'll quit...no, wait, I'll do this bit too before I forget....oh and...""- Organised Chaos: Prisoners are fun to watch, can be easy or difficult to manage. I've built only 3 or four prisons (early access) and have had everything from zero problems almost at all, to a riot that started literally 3 seconds after I accidently overpowered my electricity generator (leaving one gaurd dead and many prisoners bloody and unconscious!).- Loads of space to build- lots of info and lots to do. There's always plenty to do and work on.- It's just damn fun and a good amouont of challengeTake or leaves:- Graphics: I like them, you should not be out off by them. There is a 3D mode, but it dodn't do much for me and I prefer the original personally- Prisoner mode: you can be one of the prisoners and try to escape your own or anyone else's who have shared it in the Steam workshop. It was ok when I tried it but no real sense of actually living in the prison from what I tried. A hit and giggle feature but maybe I need to check it out again.Cons:- The tutorial and general information on how to actually play and whatthings do is very much NOT clear. I played the campaign tutorial a few times after extended breaks away from the game when it was in early access and I have avoided it this time around since its official release, so it may have been improved. But overall, you will almost certainly need to look up wikis and how to's, often for very simple thing. Thankfully, there is loads of community help and a working answer is easily found.- Randomness that could be bugs or just lack of info: Sometimes you don't know why things are not working. Sometimes there are unclear clues, other times you 'll be cratching your heads (I have a few armed gaurds and security gaurds that gather together every night in the yard for no apparent reason. They are not scheduled to patrol there, but they do it anyway).Really though, I find when I have a go at this game, I am sucked in for many long running sessions. Enough depth to satisfy a passionate builder/manager, not too much as to overwhelm. Eg, there are things like circuits and pressure plates, but you most definitely don't NEED them to run a prison (but it would help of course).Very much recommended."
76561198254989242,Recommended,233450,23558331,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,FLABADABADINGDING,need some literacy SOLITARY CONFINEMENT FOR 24 HOURS
,Recommended,233450,28835591,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Cuban Pete,Not realistic. No one drops soap
,Recommended,233450,29008852,Posted: 4 January,all,Keeshi,"Great game, 10 out of 10"
,Recommended,233450,27649079,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gaymex,"*Hears someone complain*""48 hours of solitary for you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!"""
76561198065865992,Recommended,233450,27718143,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LadyLora,"Firstly, to anyone wanting to buy this game, DO IT!!! I really love this game for many reasons. I've played this game since its first or second alpha, when it was just a concept with a few campaign missions and content. There was a lot broken and glitchy, but I loved it anyway. I wouldn't have given it a negative review, even back then, as I just knew it would become one of my favourite games, if not my all time favourite. The developers put so much effort and time into this game, I followed their update vlogs and was excited for every release. It is in final release now, they didn't rule out future content though. I can not reccomend this game enough, but only if you're happy to never see the outside world again as it will make you into it's slave and you will never be able to get off it."
,Recommended,233450,28020775,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,djxavier13,"Of the many number of systems simulators I've played in my life, this one is a favorite.  You don't just have to keep your prisoners contained, you have to struggle with an ever demanding budget, as well as the needs and safety of the inmates.  I think the only reason I haven't played it more than I have in the past 2 years, is because of how obsessive I am about planning out the layout of the end-game prison from the very beginning.  If you just go in and start building stuff willy-nilly, you end up having to tear down walls later on to make room for stuff, exposing your inmates to routes of escape or access to potentially hazardous contraband.  Still, it's a hell of a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,233450,28030978,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ToxicBullet,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥get the game i didn't get it at first because i thought it'd be extremly hard for me to understand but i'm getting the hang of it and probably one of the most addictive games i've played i've had it for like 3-4 days and have 30hrs on it i'm no living this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,233450,28052555,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,xup6.yc,"it's hard to recommend this game at full price, but for -75%, i think it's a pretty good deal.the games has some weird bugs and quirks here and there, for a game that's supposedly a non-beta release, the bugs really takes away from the game.and if you're serious about accomplishing all the grants and what not, be prepeared to google a lot;  while the campaign does take you through the game like a tutorial, it's limited to the basics.i recommend searching youtube for some gameplays before buying."
76561198012802713,Recommended,233450,27407692,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Broothathor,"I spent few hours with it, and I can only recommend it as a nice complex strategy filled with dark humor. You will enjoy it even for full price, so there is nothing to talk about during the autumn sale."
,Recommended,233450,27480557,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Defecting to North Korea,"According to all known lawsof aviation,there is no way a beeshould be able to fly.Its wings are too small to getits fat little body off the ground.The bee, of course, flies anywaybecause bees don't carewhat humans think is impossible.Yellow, black. Yellow, black.Yellow, black. Yellow, black.Ooh, black and yellow!Let's shake it up a little.Barry! Breakfast is ready!Ooming!Hang on a second.Hello?- Barry?- Adam?- Oan you believe this is happening?- I can't. I'll pick you up.Looking sharp.Use the stairs. Your fatherpaid good money for those.Sorry. I'm excited.Here's the graduate.We're very proud of you, son.A perfect report card, all B's.Very proud.Ma! I got a thing going here.- You got lint on your fuzz.- Ow! That's me!- Wave to us! We'll be in row 118,000.- Bye!Barry, I told you,stop flying in the house!- Hey, Adam.- Hey, Barry.- Is that fuzz gel?- A little. Special day, graduation.Never thought I'd make it.Three days grade school,three days high school.Those were awkward.Three days college. I'm glad I tooka day and hitchhiked around the hive.You did come back different.- Hi, Barry.- Artie, growing a mustache? Looks good.- Hear about Frankie?- Yeah.- You going to the funeral?- No, I'm not going.Everybody knows,sting someone, you die.Don't waste it on a squirrel.Such a hothead.I guess he could havejust gotten out of the way.I love this incorporatingan amusement park into our day.That's why we don't need vacations.Boy, quite a bit of pomp...under the circumstances.- Well, Adam, today we are men.- We are!- Bee-men.- Amen!Hallelujah!Students, faculty, distinguished bees,please welcome Dean Buzzwell.Welcome, New Hive Oitygraduating class of......9:15.That concludes our ceremonies.And begins your careerat Honex Industries!Will we pick ourjob today?I heard it's just orientation.Heads up! Here we go.Keep your hands and antennasinside the tram at all times.- Wonder what it'll be like?- A little scary.Welcome to Honex,a division of Honescoand a part of the Hexagon Group.This is it!Wow.Wow.We know that you, as a bee,have worked your whole lifeto get to the point where youcan work for your whole life.Honey begins when our valiant PollenJocks bring the nectar to the hive.Our top-secret formulais automatically color-corrected,scent-adjusted and bubble-contouredinto this soothing sweet syrupwith its distinctivegolden glow you know as...Honey!- That girl was hot.- She's my cousin!- She is?- Yes, we're all cousins.- Right. You're right.- At Honex, we constantly striveto improve every aspectof bee existence.These bees are stress-testinga new helmet technology.- What do you think he makes?- Not enough.Here we have our latest advancement,the Krelman.- What does that do?- Oatches that little strand of honeythat hangs after you pour it.Saves us millions.Oan anyone work on the Krelman?Of course. Most bee jobs aresmall ones. But bees knowthat every small job,if it's done well, means a lot.But choose carefullybecause you'll stay in the jobyou pick for the rest of your life.The same job the rest of your life?I didn't know that.What's the difference?You'll be happy to know that bees,as a species, haven't had one day offin 27 million years.So you'll just work us to death?We'll sure try.Wow! That blew my mind!""What's the difference?""How can you say that?One job forever?That's an insane choice to have to make.I'm relieved. Now we only haveto make one decision in life.But, Adam, how could theynever have told us that?Why would you question anything?We're bees.We're the most perfectlyfunctioning society on Earth.You ever think maybe thingswork a little too well here?Like what? Give me one example.I don't know. But you knowwhat I'm talking about.Please clear the gate.Royal Nectar Force on approach.Wait a second. Oheck it out.- Hey, those are Pollen Jocks!- Wow.I've never seen them this close.They know what it's likeoutside the hive.Yeah, but some don't come back.- Hey, Jocks!- Hi, Jocks!You guys did great!You're monsters!You're sky freaks! I love it! I love it!- I wonder where they were.- I don't know.Their day's not planned.Outside the hive, flying who knowswhere, doing who knows what.You can'tjust decide to be a PollenJock. You have to be bred for that.Right.Look. That's more pollenthan you and I will see in a lifetime.It's just a status symbol.Bees make too much of it.Perhaps. Unless you're wearing itand the ladies see you wearing it.Those ladies?Aren't they our cousins too?Distant. Distant.Look at these two.- Oouple of Hive Harrys.- Let's have fun with them.It must be dangerousbeing a Pollen Jock.Yeah. Once a bear pinned meagainst a mushroom!He had a paw on my throat,and with the other, he was slapping me!- Oh, my!- I never thought I'd knock him out.What were you doing during this?Trying to alert the authorities.I can autograph that.A little gusty out there today,wasn't it, comrades?Yeah. Gusty.We're hitting a sunflower patchsix miles from here tomorrow.- Six miles, huh?- Barry!A puddle jump for us,but maybe you're not up for it.- Maybe I am.- You are not!We're going 0900 at J-Gate.What do you think, buzzy-boy?Are you bee enough?I might be. It all dependson what 0900 means.Hey, Honex!Dad, you surprised me.You decide what you're interested in?- Well, there's a lot of choices.- But you only get one.Do you ever get boreddoing the same job every day?Son, let me tell you about stirring.You grab that stick, and you justmove it around, and you stir it around.You get yourself into a rhythm.It's a beautiful thing.You know, Dad,the more I think about it,maybe the honey fieldjust isn't right for me.You were thinking of what,making balloon animals?That's a bad jobfor a guy with a stinger.Janet, your son's not surehe wants to go into honey!- Barry, you are so funny sometimes.- I'm not trying to be funny.You're not funny! You're goinginto honey. Our son, the stirrer!- You're gonna be a stirrer?- No one's listening to me!Wait till you see the sticks I have.I could say anything right now.I'm gonna get an ant tattoo!Let's open some honey and celebrate!Maybe I'll pierce my thorax.Shave my antennae.Shack up with a grasshopper. Geta gold tooth and call everybody ""dawg""!I'm so proud.- We're starting work today!- Today's the day.Oome on! All the good jobswill be gone.Yeah, right.Pollen counting, stunt bee, pouring,stirrer, front desk, hair removal...- Is it still available?- Hang on. Two left!One of them's yours! Oongratulations!Step to the side.- What'd you get?- Picking crud out. Stellar!Wow!Oouple of newbies?Yes, sir! Our first day! We are ready!Make your choice.- You want to go first?- No, you go.Oh, my. What's available?Restroom attendant's open,not for the reason you think.- Any chance of getting the Krelman?- Sure, you're on.I'm sorry, the Krelman just closed out.Wax monkey's always open.The Krelman opened up again.What happened?A bee died. Makes an opening. See?He's dead. Another dead one.Deady. Deadified. Two more dead.Dead from the neck up.Dead from the neck down. That's life!Oh, this is so hard!Heating, cooling"
,Recommended,233450,27117258,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Burnacid,This is the game that showed how early access needs to be done. And even after that stayed an awesome game.
76561198015806393,Recommended,233450,27148114,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MCarlo,Best US life simulator
,Recommended,233450,23473635,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,xOceanSpirit,"I've had this game for ages, and even got a playthrough series on YouTube. I can say one thing.*coughs*THIS GAME IS FREAKING EPIC!It is what it says on the tin, you can:-Create your own prison from scratch using your own blueprints and your own creative mind.-Make your own punishments, throw them in a cell and throw away the key, throw multiple prisoners in a cell and watch the mayhem.-Sit back and relax, with automatic doors and staff regimes, you can sit back knowing your prison will run itself.-Complete control over your staff, set job priorities, fire lazy workers and set patrol paths to catch any late night escape atemptees.With monthly updates, you can gaurentee the game is 99% bug free, now all that's left is for you to buy it."
76561198211978957,Recommended,233450,23616442,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Lizz,I can sit and play this game for hours! The challenge of creating the right layout for the perfect prison is quite fun. The concept of the game is creative and original. The update that added the female prisoners was genius. I can see why this game has become so popular and is now expanding to different platforms. I would definitely recommend this game.
76561198264082581,Recommended,233450,24433105,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,thenooch110,Pros:I cant stop playing itCons:I cant stop playing it
76561198066534364,Recommended,233450,23992557,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ivannacookie,Had to send my own character to electric chair1337/10 would commit suicide for $10k again
76561198101618816,Recommended,233450,24323296,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Bill Nye the Science Guy,Simple fights?Whip out the guards.Canteen brawls?Whip out the armed guards.Riots?Whip out the Riot Police.Murderous blood thirsty maniacs killing everyone on sight?Whip out the army.
76561198057412422,Recommended,233450,24352860,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,pchadsr,"I like this game, Its alot of fun but, the price tag is a bit high. I recommend buying Prison Architect when it is on sale."
76561198173366011,Recommended,233450,24844924,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Digweg,"I have over 120 hours of Prison Architect. To put this game into 1 word, I would say magnificent! This game is like no other, It's not your average tycoon, or building game, or simulator. It is all 3 combined. Not only do you have to build prisons, but you have to manage them. You grow fond of your prisons, prisoners and everything. Amazing game, very few bugs, if you want to get it, get it!*NOTE* It takes a lot to get a good prison, a lot of waiting, if that isn't for you, don't get it!"
76561198051446687,Recommended,233450,24265824,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Yotter,"Awesome game not a big fan of management games in general but this was not too hard but at the same time had me worried all the time about failing.  Definetely recommend this to anyone who has half a brain. :)A few possible improvements- Make profiles of inmates match crimes- $20 to add your name to the game??!!- Improve micro-management (let you control individual prisoners by assigning cells, routes and other automatic functions)-Fire up close lags the crap out of your game-Some bugs  that I have encountered-Make a prisoner go to a cell that is zoned for their security level before going to a general cell(Might already be a feature that just didnt work once or twice)Bugs/Glitches-After a big riot lead by a Legendary, prisoners completely stopped eating from the canteens. The dishes on the tables in the canteen were not being cleaned by the cooks (therefore blocking the inmates from eating?)-One riot guard was left on site with no way of removing him. He would patroll in the same 2x2 space and wold not leaveBut other than that, PERFECT!"
76561198274432971,Recommended,233450,26317594,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Energycatz,Amazing thourily recommend but buy in steam sale
76561198122499557,Recommended,233450,27104213,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,chay.mira,That one game you always can come back to after any new game turns boring.
76561198041303855,Recommended,233450,26218850,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,KedRulz,I would recommend this game to anyone who wants a game that is a good time killer that you can switch between it and other tasks
,Recommended,233450,28987447,Posted: 3 January,all,KoolBreeze,This game can be fun and can be very annoying at the same time my main gripes so far is the campaign with the riot.(If there is a way to adjust these in the options somewhere please ignore the following and let me know where it is.)When moving your squads around even just a few feet means you have to select then reselect every time there should be a control that lets you keep a squad selected until you are done with them and the messages in this campaign are truly annoying while you're dealing with a task you get another call a lost a minute or less later that you have to listen to a better message system for things like more riot guards have arrived would limit these point and click interruptions making it far less annoying.Now this doesn't mean the game is bad or that I don't like it I just feel that the game could be better by addressing these issue I doubt I am the only one who feels this way about that campaign I haven't got passed it yet but wanted to do this review while the issue are fresh in my memory again forgive me if there are options that can help deal with any of these gripes.I would give this game at this present time a 6.5/10
,Recommended,233450,27907976,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BallinBC,It's a great game. It's the type of game that will keep you coming back. Highly recommend.
76561198147198264,Recommended,233450,26083629,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,The Real Rockatansky,rlly sick always find myself coming back to this game
,Recommended,233450,24091069,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Switzerland,Prisoners start a Riot.I call in riot police.Everyone that moves gets shot.32/200 prisoners left.I begged for mercy but the last 32 inmates were rioting.10/10 i started with a prison filled with 200 living inmates and ended up with 200 dead bodies.
76561197972254057,Recommended,233450,28589536,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,☯ Eagle ☯,Very cool game approach. Something totally different. You can just build and hope :).Unfortunately a little bit unstable on my PC but i would score it a 9/10.
,Recommended,233450,28504815,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,QuebeC,HeyThats pretty good
,Recommended,233450,22033635,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Bold,>plays game for first time>spends hours making prison pretty>first bus of prisoners arrive>everything goes well for a day>one prisoner stabs another prisoner with a fork>riot forms>prison burns down>keyboard smashed12/10 would keyboard again
76561198142283517,Recommended,233450,22034243,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,dahogger,as you can see i played this game quite a lot. I really think this is one of the best games i have ever played. watching a naked prisoner get tazed by 5 guards is worth every penny
,Recommended,233450,27415963,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DerpingWork,Started a 300 men RIOT in showers because of low temperature.10/10 would drop soap again.
76561197970651263,Recommended,233450,27466142,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Orange,"A management game at it's finest.Incredibly addictive and a little bit cruel, brilliant!"
,Recommended,233450,26784308,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,1892,"Prison Architect deletes your senses.As you play, your time feeling will get completly nuts because your mind is in the director, as whom you are walking around your prison, beeing aware of rioting prisoners, killing all your guards.But you still keep going 'cause you already ""released"" thirteen prisoners on ""The Chair"" and there isn't anything bothering you about dead people anymore.You just build a bigger morgue, thinking about how many prisoners will fit in a 4 bed dormitory.10/10 definitly recommended on which ever side of the wall you are...."
76561198175460506,Recommended,233450,27239655,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cod Of Ages,"This game is amazing. I build a prison, get prisoners, see a fight start in the showers, kill everyone in the showers, have a riot start in the showers the next day, kill everyone in the prison... ONLY GAME THAT YOU CAN DO THAT IN!"
76561198212101084,Recommended,233450,28996509,Posted: 3 January,all,Jadeum,I've loved this game ever since I first saw it. I had no idea how someone could make something this inventive and not be a millionare.
,Recommended,233450,27573998,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cl,"You build stuff, lock people up, and then prosper (or face a riot). What more can you ask for. ;)"
,Recommended,233450,15078888,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Mark Gould,"A prisoner walked into the armoury and took a shotgun, nobody notice him carrying it back to his cell.     10/10 ."
76561197982759376,Recommended,233450,15096702,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Pooptronix,This game is brillaint.  It's a castle building game where you keep people in instead of out!
,Recommended,233450,15002199,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,XSmegmaLordX #OurLordAndSavior,"Introversion is for me the no1 Gaming company! They listen to what you want, and add or fix it!Awesome game!"
,Recommended,233450,11063947,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Munchies,One day i made a courtyard where all my prisoners go to. They never get food and fight to the death. My warden sits and watches 10/10
76561197978722682,Recommended,233450,10724059,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,gumpl,...
76561198092274428,Recommended,233450,10028520,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,TaterzNcorn,"Great game. Very fun.The developers really know what they are doing. They also make other games as well... like DEFCON, Uplink, and Darwinia.Those are also really fun games.highly recommended."
76561198137240331,Recommended,233450,15458951,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,eodxhunterxman,Best Game you can get even in early access imagine how fun this gme will be when it's completed. 10/10
,Recommended,233450,11225551,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Tucker1975,"This game is fun and for a game that not even finished yet. To build desgin your own prison and then run it . Is addtive as no game the same. With the option to share prisons in the workshop and see other players work of art ie prison and take over and run it. I had more fun with this game then some of the big games that cost more. :) Best of all its not even finished yet., 10 out 10 GET IT now you wont be bored riots electic chair the works. If you can live with a few bugs as this is not finshed yet. What you waiting for. My 1st Early acceess game and am loving the way am having the part of helping the devs make this. Already sent some feedback and ideas of my own:)  If you want something new and you like managerment games get this:) MOD support to:)"
76561198096174974,Recommended,233450,11227080,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,The Cranberry Man,"Finally, a torture simulator fit for meWhat is actually surpising though is this by far is one of the best prison simulators to date, Don't let the art style fool you (which is very cool by the way) this game is somewhat realistic on how a prison works, systems, logistics, the stress from this is not when a riot occurs but when your trying to prevent it, you can literally feel your heart beating out from your chest when you know at any moment, a riot could break out, death rates climb up, and with the punishments you can get, you'll be somewhat on edge, but a majority to 95% of the time, your not dealing with violent situations, rather you'll be building a prison fit for putting away the scum of society, from low level blue collar prisoners that got locked up because he stole a pencil from miss williams class, to the max security that not only took the pencil from miss williams class but also proceded to stab her with it, alot of systems run in this game that your gonna need to check up on, burecracy, laundry and food distrubution, prisoner take in, and even a entire section based on setting up an execution, this game isn't easy, and will destroy you if you don't attention to it's devious ways, for example regime time can really effect the prisoners mood, outcome, and even violent events, overtime you'll build a small prison that can barely hold any prisoner to a mass superprison capable of death and misery upon these poor little pawns lifes. There also is a lot of cool bonus stuff if you ever think ""man, managing prisoners gets tiresome"". Example you can actually do escape mode (or whatever it's called) in which YOU can escape your own, or even other peoples prisons (*Cough* Workshop *Cough*) and you, like in any game with build your own levels, can truly realize how cruel and sadistic people really are (wanna make your prison a living nightmare to escape, just unlock tazer rollout, thats fun for the whole family)Are there problems with the game, yes a few, A.I......isn't that great, i mean they're not completely brain dead but they do some more than quesitonable actions (ex. Worker isn't building the ♥♥♥♥ing 1 chunk of wall i assigned him to do at least 8 days ago) just be ready for some frustrating actions of the pawns in your game (At times you'll think the prisoners obey you more than the Workmen) Also yes bugs and glitchyness, is it Unity bad (Or dear god even Arkham knight bad) no but just be cautious and again like the AI, the game may have some questionable actionsIs this a good game, yes it's one of the best indie games out there and probably THE best prison simulator games to date.And yes you can do horrible, horrible experiments with your prisoners, you may say you won't but oh you will, you most certainly will"
,Recommended,233450,14566109,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Deviant30eh,"Great, time consuming little game.You build structures the way you want. You can build a 1000 cell prison.. ( or more ) or a 10 man prison.Still in Alpha.. Every month they add stuff to the game. Some bug fixes, some additional cool stuff.If you like to create unique building and manage criminals. This one is for you.Check out some Gameplay<iframe width=""560"" height=""315""src=""https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PLqMPWKoyTDvcCiJZkmjyYTQU-bjYONOBU""frameborder=""0"" allowfullscreen></iframe>"
,Recommended,233450,14441957,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Verxi,Built a really nice prison let my inmates in.Forgot to add guards so everytime there was a riot it would end up with inmates killing each other. 10/10
,Recommended,233450,14074934,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Iceguy☭,"Built a prison, put the water pump and electric station next to each other; one thing led to another and now I'm being investigated by the federal court for burning alive almost 200 prisoners. I would finnish writing this review but some legendaries stole forks from the canteen and are shiving my armed guards as the rest of the prisoners walk by the fight obliviously going to their next regime time.10/10"
,Recommended,233450,12019875,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Prokopê,"Sweet sugar of God I love this game! Buy it, or risk missing out on a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,233450,14006674,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,BMW w/o BM,10/10 Taught me that staff members in prisons work 24/7 and have no lives.
,Recommended,233450,26250000,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Kip Kat,Best aushwitz simulator!
,Recommended,233450,26913385,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Keewb,"Invite your convicts into the prison of your fantasy. Will you make an inescapable Alcatraz, a place where survival-of-the-fittest rules, a gentler scandinavian-style prison or even a concentration camp? The choice is yours (it's not like the lawbreakers have anything to say about it)!Incredibly addictive and fun game."
76561198106247649,Recommended,233450,28036000,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,christyohbee,"Love this game, it's like a brutal sims."
,Recommended,233450,27613346,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Big Hoss,yay
,Recommended,233450,26097817,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Pak RT,"Started a prison from scratch, accidentally created TSAWould fly American Airlines again, 10/10"
76561197990037439,Recommended,233450,26783565,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheDude1972,"If you like any building game then this game should be in your library.Easy to get in to, hard to get out of :p"
,Recommended,233450,26912968,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kieran,Pretty much wasted a lot of time on this
,Recommended,233450,26544833,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,JD_1609,Best building simulator of prison.
,Recommended,233450,26546255,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Coconut Cunt,this is one of the best ever builder game.i cannot fault it.one of the best games i have ever bough and i would recommend this game :)
,Recommended,233450,26810054,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bumder_Ben,i brought this game back when it first started and i havent been able to put it down since lol hours/years of fun
,Recommended,233450,28089027,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Chilly,"""Orginal, no other game like it..but glitchy...9/10""-Chilly Tohodet 2016"
,Recommended,233450,15466337,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,stikfigz,My recreation of Auschwitz was my most successful prison that I ever made.
,Recommended,233450,13823695,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,KrazyKringeKing,Amazing game and incredibly addicting.
76561198090459409,Recommended,233450,16065262,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,BeccaTheCornishPixie,LOVE THIS GAME! I must admit i struggle with getting the education department to work. But other than that its one of my most played games.
,Recommended,233450,20010836,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,shinylman,Good game.  Updated Every Month.  You should buy it.
76561198057469981,Recommended,233450,10028402,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,piecreeper,"This is an amazing game. You play as a prison architects (DUH!) And it is your job to build and protect the prison. And by protect I mean stopping prisoners from rioting, making sure they have their needs fufilled and other things. Again, This is an awsome game, but it is not a game for everyone."
,Recommended,233450,14640498,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,imperial,Its pretty hard to get used to but once you get it its a lot of fun.
,Recommended,233450,13888693,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Weirdness,Very fun! Looking forward to what they will do next!
,Recommended,233450,14378886,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Rikku,Remember how awesome it felt to play Rollar Coaster Tycoon and The Sims?That is the same feeling you will get when you play Prison Architect. 10/10
,Recommended,233450,14499137,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,WaZaP,I love this game
76561198054837365,Recommended,233450,14609756,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Ramiael,"This is one of them early access games that comes along and absorbes you totally into its world and the best thing about it is that you let it. This is a work in progress but right from the first day i got it i was amazed at how much was available and managed to loose hours of my day to creating a perfect prison only for the next update to come along and render my previous prison redundant, but i loved the fact that each time i have to restart beause there is a massive charm to this game that makes u fall in love with it and just keep trying again. I dont think i could convey to you the love i have for this game and the joy i found by mearly stumbling across an article describing this new early access game that people should play but jump in with both feet cause the fun, the trial and error, the comedy and the love that the guys at introversion have put into this is well worth the money you will pay for it. god bless the fact that this is an independant company cause it alows them the freedom to do want they want and not be forced into doing something that others tell them to, which makes this game fantastic! Throw your wallet at these guys and say""TAKE MY MONEY!"""
,Recommended,233450,14610459,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,BadDesperado,"Prison Architect is a fun game where you build a pirson, fill it with prisoners and employee and watch as your prisoners try to kill themsevles while in solitary confinement and guards detour from their patrol-paths to stare at sleeping prisoners for an hour or two.Then you proceed to search every inmate, cell and place they could hide stuff into and find out two prisoners have connected their cells with a tunnel. And that begins a lovestory in your prison.- That is, until the other one got stabbed in the shower and later died because your doctors are lazy as♥♥♥♥♥♥and unless you directly command them, they'd rather leave the inmates to die.Also, technically you could run a sweatshop, have the prisoners work trhoughout the day and night. If you want, they don't even have to get sleep. Though they'll probably die after rioting against you, but with enough guards, I'm sure it'll be fine.I do recommend on getting it. But, I personally wouldn't, and didn't get it for the price of 27,99-45,99. If you have a good amount of income/money and such amounts feel like a small amount to you, sure, buy it for the full price. If you're usually a bit short on money, I'd say wait for a sale of at least 50% off."
76561198085446652,Recommended,233450,14606389,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,WiLdTi3mz,"Hands Down one of the best early acess games I've ever palyed, If you like sim games, this one is amazing. Backwards Escapists. Hilarity Ensues."
,Recommended,233450,14628317,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,jerry gourd,"if you play the escapists and just got really mad that you can't escape, this is the game for yooooouuu!edit: wow they actually added an escape mode?Uh okay....not...not sure why they did that? I guess its content. I'm not complaining."
,Recommended,233450,14606333,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Schoperation,"Just buy it. You'll be glad that you did so in about... um... 21 minutes after buying it... right?Anyway, Prison Architect is just awesome. Amazing community, amazing mods, amazing characters, amazing events (one of my inmates had 11 scissors in his pocket... just for a collection), amazing design, amazing everything.If you're worrying about performance, don't worry. I have a crappy laptop, running a 500 max-sec prison (best idea ever, especially when all the lengendaries either do NOTHING BAD or got shot in the face), and my laptop is still alive (well 5 fps isnt THAT fun). Stick with smaller prisons (like 150 or less) if you like your 30-60 fps for now.Quit reading this review and buy it. You'll love it when you can call in the SWAT team for finding a piano wire in a cell, or when you can perform a shakedown every night just to realize it pisses the prisoners off pretty well."
,Recommended,233450,14606352,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,agentkb,"This is how Early Access games should be done! I've been playing this game shortly after it got added to Steam, and the Dev's update the game with new features (or optimization) on a monlty basis. Worth it."
76561198154004038,Recommended,233450,14638243,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Lord Blackett,I really like how it's open to the workshop. I have loads of mods for it now!!!! 5/5
76561198004735233,Recommended,233450,14379594,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Bomber,Fun game. The final release is a blast to play.
,Recommended,233450,14494468,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Killer Queen,No money? Prison labor!Too few guards? Spam Them!Uncontrolable riot? Thats when you shoot them!Too many prisoners? Murder!!!!!!
76561198037181481,Recommended,233450,14629394,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,donjensenep,Excellent Game Lots of fun if your into the magment and building games.
76561198028452528,Recommended,233450,14635123,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,outstanding_uk,"This game is a lot of fun and what starts out as a quick game, ends up being an epic all nighter!"
,Recommended,233450,12214458,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Dagaline [Comtn],"Prison Architect is a great game with something new each month. There are different ways to make your prison witch is nice, even though theres always that one prisoner that causes trouble in the prison, its a great game over all."
,Recommended,233450,9981534,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,FrankTheTank,"Easy to pick up and play, loads of content even when considering it's just alpha. I'd compare it to FTL in terms of addictiveness, it's great. Definitely worth getting."
,Recommended,233450,23537584,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,ThatBadBro,I have played many sessions of prison archtect and I would have to say it is one of the best management games I have ever played. If you like management and biulding games this is a must have!
,Recommended,233450,31778908,Posted: 15 May,all,Pugsie,"Who thought building prisons would be so much fun? Prison Architect succeeds in everything when it comes to a complete game with strategic planning and long-term maintaining. It challenges you to think both as a prisoner and as the warden. How will you keep them from escaping, and how will you yourself escape in the end?The campaign is simple, easy to follow and understand the given instructions, yet delivers a good story. There are many ways to design and sustain your prisons and adjust the difficulty of running it by several options and a satisfying number of wardens, each offering different gameplay options. With the Escape Mode it even introduces a chance to try and escape your own and other prisons, which will test your creation. Too easy to escape and you have built yourself a poor prison!The game is made for people who enjoy spending hours planning and building, executing and developing a functional jail. Every time I start it up and open a new plot, it brings me joy to press pause and sit for hours planning. To start from a small building with few cells, to earn money and expand, to grow the staff and add leisure for everyone. I take care of everything and that is what I like so much about Prison Architect."
76561198019300588,Recommended,233450,31798454,Posted: 16 May,all,Athos,"A solid casual game, lots of fun to play. There's a degree of strategy to it and you get the freedom to design the prison however you want"
76561198258068068,Recommended,233450,31798636,Posted: 16 May,all,parkcaleb2424,i love this game it is a lot of fun wether you like to play strategy games or creative ones .
76561197995283055,Recommended,233450,31910724,Posted: 22 May,all,NixonRider,"I've been a gamer since almost twenty years, and this is the most adictive game I've ever played.There is always something to do, to improve, to manager... Could be your prisoners needs or scholarship. Could you a new cell block to increase inmates popluation and have more money, or improving your security. (There is much things you can do...)If you are looking for a complete game, this is a good choice.The game can look complicated, but don't worry it'll become easy soon enough. Start by doing the short campaing which is very fun, it'll show you the basics with a good story behind it.But once you'll start your own prison, you won't be able to get your eyes off your screen..."
76561198093710334,Recommended,233450,31637570,Posted: 8 May,all,The POHM,When i first noticed this game thought... looks rubbish.. but i risked it and bought it and........ I LOVE IT!
,Recommended,233450,31958783,Posted: 25 May,all,Raven?,Simply amzing.
76561198043754585,Recommended,233450,10975091,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Carcar,"This game has a few bugs, but it is addicting, time consuming and awesome. I would recommend buying the game during a sale rather than full price. Also keep in mind it is still in development."
76561198026628029,Recommended,233450,9843381,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Slingdog,"Where do I start, This game is AMAZING! When you start of, (like me) you WILL be confused, I thought the game was breaking,  but no, it was me being terrible. You will encounter bugs, I think the games stillin alpha, I have had hours of fun though. You can solve problems, such as riots,escaping prisioners and punishments. You can call fire service, riot police and paramedics. The fun is endless! My guards were fighting of 3 prisioners, as i went to see where the fight was, it was in my shower! AND THE ROOM WAS ON FIRE?! Anyway, it's terrific and outrageuosly time wasting. 5/5."
76561198241420908,Recommended,233450,24026453,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Somespicydragonfruit,this is very hard and the prisoners come fast but after a bit of practice you will get better just keep trying.
,Recommended,233450,7082806,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Myzh,"Für Leute die sehr gerne Taktik Spiele spielen und auf 2D Grafik stehen ist es ein großartiges Spiel! schön ist auch, dass die Kreativität bei diesem Spiel sehr wichtig ist."
,Recommended,233450,20324277,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Spooky Soviet Sinner,A very well made builder. A great buy and many hours of fun.
,Recommended,233450,10728019,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Gustavia,A group of prisoners shived my gardener10/10
76561198061179993,Recommended,233450,18381904,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,laakr,"I bought this game while it was in early access back in 2013. I didn't quite get the hang of it, and never managed to build successfull prisons, but i still enjoyed it, and i very much enjoy it to this day. The game has come a long way, and it's out of early access, which is really great. I can say hands down this is a really good game, and i will continue to play with it, maybe mod it, and try out the new escape mode. If you wonder wether to buy this or not, i'd say it's worth it. I've played about 10 hours, but was without internet and played it like another 5-10 hours offline (It did not get saved). The game is really fun, and it's still getting updated after 3 years, that shows the developers won't abandon it. If you don't get the hang of it, restart, it can be hard in the beginning, but trust me, once you get the hang of it, it's totally worth it."
,Recommended,233450,14880190,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Torch Clooney,"Its a good architect game, because you all ways have to deal whit a new problem specialy when they have to shower :). i would say what are you waiting fore buy it :))"
,Recommended,233450,31793033,Posted: 16 May,all,Consuela,"This is essentially Sim City for a prison. You can house inmates, assign them schedules, give them activities to do, and do other prison-y things with them. You can also mistreat your prisoners, have them riot, and kill them indiscriminately if you so choose. Your prisons can hols anyone ranging from minimum security to maximal security death row inmates. There is a game mode where you can control a prisoner and try to escape. I highly recommend trying it out.The only downside to this game is that you can't accurately simulate a concentration camp, besides starving your inmates and housing them without adequate bathroom facilities."
76561198105886764,Recommended,233450,12500773,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Cpl. Millin [29th ID],"amazing game i give it a 10/10 totally worth the money,even at its early stage."
,Recommended,233450,26783234,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rein Frost,even though all my prisons end up in at least 5 riots a day and more than 300 dead bodies waiting for transport at any time of the day... i love it.
,Recommended,233450,17400477,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,DarthBeak,Noice.
76561198172422182,Recommended,233450,17138698,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,rugbybasher9,best alpha ever
,Recommended,233450,16709373,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,MistaCheez,"Super fun prison-building game. You start off with limited funds for the first prison, and it's hard to know what you'll need space for and how to build areas and what your prisoners will want most for the first few prisons, but you get to sell your prison and build a new one, with all the money you just made!!! Like, you get 10 times as much money to build the second prison! It's revolutionary! 8/10, time sink."
,Recommended,233450,19796485,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Mang3rla,This is a Amazing Game. I say this now when I haven't reveiwed yet. But the Features are cool now with the addition of Female Prisoners Now having that is great and good Gender Equailty with awesome Escape mode and Campain over all this is a 9/10 because of lag you get for a full Acess game.
76561198147493582,Recommended,233450,19958676,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Dr. Ben Carson,"basically ""Prison Sim"". Honestly, its a great game, its on sale, BUY IT! However, they should totally over haul and re-do the beaucracy interface completely and add tons of new features along with way more customization options such as ability to name things, input notes about prisoners, custom prisoner clothes color, guard weapon selection etc. but then  again there is always the workshopjust buy it now while its on sale."
,Recommended,233450,10170714,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Jokru,Pr0
,Recommended,233450,10391743,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,NotYourAverageBikerOnYouTube,very.. veeerryy addictive game.. love it!
76561198028700010,Recommended,233450,10575834,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,johnplumpton,fun game to play when board should buy it
76561198019061537,Recommended,233450,13884895,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Marmot,It's challenging but very fun. The Star Wars prison Mod is pretty cool. I think they even have a boarding school Mod too.
,Recommended,233450,10585419,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Sean,Showers are a Fun place in any prison
,Recommended,233450,10624648,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ShadowZ,Awesome! Just AWESOME!
,Recommended,233450,10634471,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,KThxBaiNao,I get to be the warden from hell I've always wanted to be.
,Recommended,233450,11433066,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Foof115,"This game has to be my Third Favorite game, It has been through many updates, patches, and will possibly continue to for quite a while. The game has been out for 2 years basically and its still in alpha. That says there a LOT to still come."
,Recommended,233450,13218889,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,OmNom,"Prison Architect is an excellent simulation game. Don't let the simple, but cute character graphics, or the fact that it is early access fool you. This is a fully fleshed out game with hours and hours of playing enjoyment. I have had no issues with game stability or bugs of any kind.(I did have a prisoner who got shanked in the mess hall and the doctor could not get to his body as it was on a dining table covered by food trays from other prisoners eating their lunch off of his unconcious body. I just sentenced him to solitary cell punishment, and a guard came and dragged him off the table.)I am at just under 50 hours of play time, and I am on my third prison. You build your prison up, get it running smoothly, then sell it and take the funds to start your next prison. Your first couple of prisons will be just cutting your teeth and learning how everything works. It wasn't until my current prison build that I started utilizing automated doors controlled by a couple guards in a security room. without this, your guards have to tend to the gates and doors everytime someone needs to pass.This game has a suprising amount of depth and intricacy, but is forgiving enough for even the casual gamer. You can invest as little or as much time and have just as much fun. Spending less time refining the systems of the prison simply leads to more fights and riots, and hey, that's a lot of fun too!Fair warning! You will be compelled to spend much more time playing this game than you think. It's hard to stop when there is so many interesting things going on. If you like simulation games, you must play this game! I bought it during the Exploration Sale and I got so much more than my money's worth. Thank you Introversion Software!"
76561198133489023,Recommended,233450,13741484,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Harald142,Its a good game but have many bugs
,Recommended,233450,25057873,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,RADYSMASH,Fun for a day. Would recommend buying if only on sale for very cheap.
76561198148235642,Recommended,233450,13614626,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,MacWalrus,"had a guy. he was 'released' after serving a three-year sentence. Still here in solitary, with only 12217houres of it left.why is he unconcious?"
76561198071180813,Recommended,233450,26543677,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Vicidsmart,"♥♥♥♥ING LOVE THIS GAME. Played in alpha for forever. But, it's escape mode isn't that good and the normal mode has bugs. Buy on sale or for less than 20$."
,Recommended,233450,13193264,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Steven,I spent a solid hour trying to figure out why none of my buildings weren't being built... then I realised. I had locked all 500 of my workers in a concrete building.69/69 would torture again.
,Recommended,233450,12716257,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,richieq,"Fantasic game; constant feature updates and bug squashes.  This is what ""Early access"" should be."
,Recommended,233450,24956293,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Drive (2011),It's ok i guess
,Recommended,233450,7794946,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,The Burning Ginger,love it but it's too bad i can't upgrade to my game to one of the better versions
,Recommended,233450,16456481,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Sledgehammer,Kept me locked out of the game 100% of the time. A well built prison.10/10
,Recommended,233450,16419053,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,JDale,Needs more work on Tutorials. Still a great game :)
,Recommended,233450,16858902,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Extra Sins,I love this game I have my most spent hours on it. If you are thinking about buying it I would buy it.
76561198036060681,Recommended,233450,16375547,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Tervastator,"this game is great. I love and really recommend it. though i have been dealing with some issues with the game that i really don't know why they're happening. the game (even in safe mode) will crash after just a few minutes. If this kink would be worked out, I would wholeheartedly recommend this game to any person who enjoys this type of game. end of review."
,Recommended,233450,16870041,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,*WWK* BinqDesign,Great game. Very addictive. Would rate 10/10
76561198126349881,Recommended,233450,19376607,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Lord-Alan,"Not going to lie this is a brilliant game. Endless opportunitys for building prisons and you never know how its going to turn out. Just when you think its finished/perfect somethings needs to change or be tweaked. Just when you think you have mastered your prison you can then save it and jump in yourself for a bit of the action as a prisoner! Use your skills to see if you can escape or perhaps figure out some of the flaws in your 'perfect design'With all that being said however the start is not simple. Didnt have the nice story missions when i first started. Would defoo reccomend doing those or if you are a eager beaver and go straight into it blind, do not expect to do well straight off. Took me a good few attempts to get some decent prisons, and even now they can sometimes figure a way out. Real exciting game and as i said before, Endless opportunitys.Easilly a 10 / 10 and i hope you enjoy it as much as i do!"
76561198084641315,Recommended,233450,18622335,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Jabs,"okay, just a tip, save your prisons in a separate save, dont save it to the autosave one to save space, because one of my mods got updated, so it automatically saved game as i clicked okay, overwriting my save and deleting all my work.Billiant game though!"
,Recommended,233450,18650107,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Oxy,Handy 4 step guide to Prison Architect.-----Step 1: Make a prison.Step 2: Try to not make your prisoners upset about being in prison.Step 3: Fail this and watch as prisoners kill other prisoners and your guards.Step 4: Realise this is a really depressing version of Theme Park.-----
,Recommended,233450,18437084,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Tactical Corn Field,This is a really fun game. Love the sandbox idea behind building a prison. It get easier and less confusing as you play.
,Recommended,233450,18459924,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Arctic0ne,"-Tries out the escape mode and think to myself: this should be easy-Starts out as a strong prisoner-Starts destroying shower heads in bathrooms to get points-Guard sees me and i punch him but it only left him injured-The same guard search my cell and he was still injured-I skip my punishment as fast as i can so i could beat the guard and leave him unconscious-I grab the guard keys and baton and upgrade the strong and skilled figther to max-Armed guard comes in and i disarm him, grab his shotgun and make my way out-Almost there so close to freedom-A random guard comes outside with a tazer and tazes me near the map border...♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,233450,19082495,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,TRW,Love this game!
76561198073786226,Recommended,233450,18602183,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Binnyy,I love pushing 50+ Prisoners into a cell built for 7!Definatley worth the money
76561198015178950,Recommended,233450,18404535,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Samize,This is the Dwarf Fortress of prison architecture.
,Recommended,233450,18561740,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Bablacity,In this game you can build a massive prison with a high amount of money or a shack with a riot waiting to happen. Ether way you can have a blast playing this game.
,Recommended,233450,18374728,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Jerddy,"Started the game,started bulding,made a maximum security prison,forgot a cafeteria,a riot broke out30 prisoners escaped in one day.30/10 would build a maximum security prison without a cafeteria again."
76561198103102483,Recommended,233450,23936997,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ZandyLand,"Fantastic game, I highly recommend this game for anyone who loves micromanagement games."
76561198082846652,Recommended,233450,18338177,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Dr.Thunder7,"#Don't let the hours fool you#This story is going to be about my lastest failed prison.  This prison was built with the funds earned by  other prisons. Mininum and Normal. So I figured it was about time to build a max. I did this after the uodate when the introduced Legendary prisoners..... This is going to be good.Started new prison paused the game planned everything out. Then started to build. Took me 20 hours to build the prison put I was proud. Started accepting prisoners everything was fine. First batch had about 23 prisoners on-board no problem. Now here's where stuff goes wrong. One prisoner gets into a fight with a guard. 1 hour lock-up. An hour later during lunch he somehow sets the cantany on fire.....Kills 21 prisoners, 8 guards, 2 firefighters, 6 workers, and 4 doctors. Then last 2 overdose....Working on a new Prison now :)10/10"
76561198055552827,Recommended,233450,18426696,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Vampire,"I would recommend this game. At the start you will have to delete or sell your first prisons to make some cash to start off. But when you made like 2 - 3 prisons, then you are willing to make even bigger and more complex prison. It also does not get borring, even afther 100+ hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,233450,18884165,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,DragonUnited™,Awesome GameNeeds More Stuff
,Recommended,233450,18951859,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Nobby,-Opened up a small but neat Prison for 100 Prisoners-Everything worked fine-Major called and told me that the nearby Prison had to be shut down and that i had to take about 50 more Prisoners-Tried to extend Prison with little funds-Riot broke out because 50 Prisoners didnt had beds-Shortly afterwards the Prison looked like a Battlefield-Bedproblem solved itself because about 30 Prisoners were dead and in the meantime my Builders finished the extra cells10/10 would vote for that Major again!
,Recommended,233450,16368741,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,"Snitch walked into prison, a 100 man knife fight happened.10/10 would not shoot all prisoners again"
,Recommended,233450,16380979,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[-BeAvEr-],"In tutorial, they taught me to execute prisoner in electric chair !!"
,Recommended,233450,16692143,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,OldManSancho,"I forgot to lock a door and the inmates killed all of my guards, it reminded me of the movie Natural Born Killers but without Tommy Lee Jones' head on a stick. At this point there is no Tommy Lee Jones head on a stick mod."
76561197999507580,Recommended,233450,16027714,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Kalimist,"A personal alarm is going off somewhere, one of my guards is under attack and needs help.  A handy tooltip pops up showing me which direction the fracas is coming from and I discover that the single guard I posted to patrol the yard has become overwhelmed while trying to break up a fight. As the prisoners take his club away and beat him to death with it I round up the nearest available guards and send them in to stop this mess before it spills out into the rest of my prison.  Situations like this are part of the emergent gameplay you can expect from Prison Architect, and learning how to build, plan and employ the right people to avoid this happening is the goal. This time my guards quickly subdued the fight before it escalated but had I been dealing with a prisoner intake or another fight elsewhere at the time, I might not have been able to allocate the manpower to solve the problem before it developed. Time to take a hard look at my deployment rota. However I'm way ahead of myself. Before you can even get as far as taking on some convicts, you need to build and staff the place. A new game see's you with a handful of building materials and a truckload (literally) of builders. While daunting at first, it only takes a short while to become acquainted with the interface and soon you can be zipping up cell blocks and security fence like a true defender of the peace. This is a game with true longevity achieved through having many deep levels to it's gameplay while not forcing you learn them even a single nanosecond faster than your 'own' pace. From an engineering standpoint this goes right down to being able to create timed circuitry operating hidden beneath your prison controlling all of the doors and cameras, to becoming engrossed in building a system that can corral hundreds of people to a certain place in the least amount of time. From a broader perspective the game lets you run your establishment how you wish, as a high security reform prison only dealing with the worst cases, or a low security haven for white collar criminals.  One thing I take my hat off to Introvision for is how you don't need to decide on any one path. You can run separate wings for axe murderers and drunk drivers, have your serial killers on a different schedule to your tax dodgers and hope the two never mingle by accident in the canteen.  This freedom is also the main reason it's so easy to fall into the game, as you are never required to provide more than the bare minimum: a communal cell, showers, a place to eat and a handful of staff.  From there you learn the game at your own pace, and with your own, often hilarious, mistakes. Take the time I decided, for some unknown reason, to leave a single locked door between the canteen and the armoury. The first fight that broke out over seating space spilled into a room full of shotguns. The rest of the day (once the shotguns had quieted) had a muted feel to it as the cleaners solemnly mopped up the blood soaked canteen and the surviving guards carried out bodies to a waiting line of hearses. I had learned however that a staff only sign and a flimsy lock don't work like they do in say, an office block.Prison Architect is also the perfect model for how an early access game should be handled.  Anyone unsure of it's status and development cycle need only watch some of the monthly update videos to see that this isn't a team who are going to disappear and press the release game button on an unfinished product. Frankly, at the state the game is in when I write this it needs only basic polish, however there are still features being added with a full release hopefully in Q3 of 2015.This is a game made up of mature design decisions, deeply thought out gameplay and an approach to the general sense of enjoyment that can lack in games that would prefer to wear a more serious face.  Or, to invoke an old motto: by gamers, for gamers."
76561198119625621,Recommended,233450,16570902,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Infinity_Way,"Got in a steam promotion, worth every penny. i mean it.It`s been a long time since a don`t have so much fun with such ""simple""(with this i mean 2D) game.i won't lie, i got surprised, i expected much less from it... the graphics are simples but the game structure is far more complex than it seems to be ... you got to manege every aspect of your prison ,every single detail of it! i've build dozens different prisons already, started a ""fair one"" (real profitable one) like twice and the amount of content is amaizing !and about the price.... well, i'm from brazil and i got it in a promotion, it was completly worth it, no regrets at all,10/10"
,Recommended,233450,16821500,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,ppiieeman,help me
,Recommended,233450,13951999,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Dr Noisy - twitch.tv/DrNoisy,Build a prison that can hold 300 prisoners then lock everyone down to see how fast they riot and kill all the guards!
,Recommended,233450,14042922,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,HEALTH AND SAFETY OFFICER,"This is one of my favorite early access games to date, despite most early access provide lack of updates this one delivers. You ahve to make use of the grant money and complete the objectives from it to keep going."
,Recommended,233450,13972977,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,HellBringer 666 (Team Autism),"if you want to know if you have OCD or not this is the game to playprison architect is a fun game where you try to build a prison built on people who take 45(in game) minutes to get to the cantina and have the iq of mice trying to get through a single door with 7 people at once, the goal of this game is to make a big prison and make it self living where you can leave it and make money. but this is where it gets hard the game is set to do random events, fire, riot, and lots of random events that require you to be there to call riot police, or fire department. so  it could happen in 5 minutes it could be hours but it is random.so finallycons: ai police are idiots and after your second prison and many crotch shaped prisons the game does get boaring.pros: great setup, fun to dictator prison inmates and ocd over thier schedual and how the prison is setupso would i recommend this game:yes but only when it goes on sale because the game does boar quickly and i regret spending the full price on the game"
76561197978424607,Recommended,233450,15523346,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,:),"It's just like prison in the United States, expect with less♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,233450,11382587,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Natasha,I can spend... so many hours on this game.. it reminds me of sims.. and I love sims.. I can spend so many hours on sims..Im addicted to Prison Architect!
,Recommended,233450,14300240,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Captain,U can♥♥♥♥♥♥prisoners by activating full lockdown and then order free fire
,Recommended,233450,14111323,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Economically Sound Potato,"Make a beautiful prison with enough freedom, tvs in every cell, and great faculties to serve the prisoners. Riots, deaths, and escapes.Make a harsh prison that only gives the bare minimum of everything, and have armed guards constantly looking down prisoners' necks. Harmony.10/10 would FreeFire again."
76561198022227699,Recommended,233450,14333006,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,CometoPapa,"This game is so addicting ! I' m in college and for the first time I skipped class just so I can play this game non stop. I know you guys skip class all the time but anyway, you get my point."
,Recommended,233450,12763120,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Wrecked911,"Quick look: I have 17 hours spent on this game. 1 hour was spent doing the intro and messing around, and the other 16 were spent working on ONE prison. I have been like this since Roller Coaster Tycoon with finising a mission, then perfecting the park to the upmost possiblity, except now it is just cold concrete walls and dead dreams, also known as prison!This game is Roller Coaster Tycoon, except with a prison.Now I have not yet looked at all the features, like selling my prison, whatever that does, Remote Access doors, or offshore taxing because I either A don't find it necessary yet, or B cannot afford the upgrade without sharing any more shares/ taking out loans because I really don't feel comfortable cashing out after how much I already messed up. 50 days in, 40% of shares sold, and a $50,000 loan later, and I finally built a workshop to make money. oops.Continuing on that note, the only tutorial is the introduction with gives a very VERY vague idea of how to build stuff by making an executioners room (which I can not figure out how to work in game and according to the Steam Workshop it is only a prop in free mode), so I suggest watching some people on Youtube play this like Northernlion or NerdCubed. That is how I figured out not to anger the locals. You will still have messups though, like figuring out you can disable prisoner intake. Gee! That would have been great about 70 over-capacity prisoners ago! But it is ok because half of them tunneled out using cellphones and cigarette lighters, and the other half died in a 60 man riot. Ah, I lost a lot of guards and a SWAT squad that day. The bodies and blood lingered for 2 weeks too.For how quirky and vague this game can be, I have enjoyed the hell out of it. It is as much of a tycoon game as Roller Coaster Tycoon ever was, except it lacks a rewards system and an actual story or campaign. Really, The ammount of narcotics I have found in Shakedowns is through the roof, and where to they go? Pfft, damned if I know. If there was a system put in play where smuggled good could be sold back into the world for profit then maybe I would actually care if Jerry Lowsec overdoses on his viagra pills his mum snuck in through her trousers.That is really all I got. (goes back to searching every toilot for tunnels)"
76561198083640737,Recommended,233450,13321986,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,duanestallings,Give me money and i will build you the most magnificent prision you have ever seen!I still dont know what they keep doing with my laundry baskets...10/10
76561198044112255,Recommended,233450,13171810,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Hououin Kyouma,I've played 12 hours but have yet to actually make a prison due to extensive planning and the need for pure symmetry. Its ♥♥♥♥ing amazing
,Recommended,233450,14333249,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,iChupacabra,"I didn't realize until 3 hours in that I don't have any patrols or cameras in the shower and I sent a guard in, and there were like 15 bodies, there's a serial killer in my prison who just kept killing inmates one by one...10/10 Gave that inmate a promotion."
76561198130165999,Recommended,233450,15477334,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,JakeEast2016,COOL BEST GAME EVER
76561198153384983,Recommended,233450,15645832,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,AntifauxGaming,love it to death
,Recommended,233450,10055760,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,"Persi, the Neko God","Prison Architect is a game where you construct and manage your own prison.You need to ensure prisoners don't escape or die, as these get you penalized, while also fulfilling their needs so they won't riot.At the same time, you'll be almost constantly expanding so you can hold more prisoners (though this does make any potential riots more destructive!) and earn more income.To help you out, you can take out grants which give you a lump sum of money on acceptance and more upon completion of stated requirements, such as hiring a certain number of staff members or building up capacity for a set amount of prisoners.The game is fun and challenging, although there's currently not enough content to justify the full price in my opinion.If you can get the game at half price, it's well worth it; otherwise I would wait for more content to be added."
12345678901234567,Recommended,233450,14838459,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Jazzy Jeff,I LOVE IT!!!!!!! get it play it love it
,Recommended,233450,14140646,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Zed Cola,"If you're interested in this game, just buy it. It has workshop integration with an active modding community. This is a very addictive game where real time begins to speed by in a blur. 5 minutes becomes 5 hours and you only noticed because you need to use the restroom. There is a wonderful charm about it and the fat little characters. It's not overly complicated but the game doesn't hold your hand starting out. It's like bam build a prison. The only downside is struggling to figure out why things aren't being built, or populated. This may further confuse someone since it is alpha which makes it difficult to distinguish between a bug and something you aren't doing correctly. Other than that you should enjoy this game."
,Recommended,233450,15830004,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Clementsaic,"A great game, it gives you a really good idea of what a prison is like! Complete with CCTVs, Prisoners that take huge dumps on tables, and really grumpy dogs, this game may be the best (and only) prison builder I have seen!"
,Recommended,233450,15822436,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Dr. BTKC,"Next thing you know, everyone in your prison is dead! I don't mean to starve them..."
76561197997011545,Recommended,233450,15997270,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,SebHuet,"The only alpha game I'm glad I bought. DayZ, I'm lookin' at you right now."
,Recommended,233450,23893018,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Stañks,Very addicting and very fun!
,Recommended,233450,17958257,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,TheSaxon,Made a concetration camp.Now I'm racist...10/10 I was always racist
,Recommended,233450,28072986,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Trowell200,"The devs at Introversion simply did a great job improving the game continuously and listening to fans since they first released the alpha back in 2012, and even after they released the game in 2015. I guarantee that even if sim-building games aren't usually your thing, you will have a lot of fun managing your own prison full of potentially (not so much potentially more as certainly) extremely hostile and totally uncooperative inmates with complicated yet surprisingly simple needs. Whether you just want to let out your dark side and suppress a bunch of prisoners with shotgun-wielding guards in every corner of the prison, or if you want to try and build a prison of reform, efficient production, and order (that will inevitably involve a hefty network of contraband that will force you to let out your dark side), you will enjoy Prison Architect, and for such a reasonable price (even out of sale), what are you waiting for?"
76561198268720236,Recommended,233450,27847570,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Radical Man Boss,Its a really neat idea this game might be a bit old but it is still addictive. I would recomend this game to anyone that likes building and is good at building. I might not be good at building but i am still very adicted to it and i dont want to let go of the keyboard. I also recomend nominating this game for the steam awards because it deserves alot ofa credit for the game that it is.
,Recommended,233450,27926857,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[TNW]The_Striker,One of the best in it's class.
76561198199697795,Recommended,233450,26749047,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Death Knight,YOUR PRISON YOUR RULES
76561198233990564,Recommended,233450,27545508,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dave's not here,Great Game!
,Recommended,233450,27907272,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,chalzdaman,"Gangs almost ruined my prison. Then I put them all in solitary. Then they made things worse. Then I wouldnt feed them. Then they made things worse. When release time came, they left only to come back almost instantly. More money for me!"
,Recommended,233450,28987859,Posted: 3 January,all,Denz,"This is hands down my favorite management game of all time. Something about constructing a prison piece by piece and just watching it function is absolutely amazing. To me, at least, it's a little bit like building a giant ant farm - give it all the resources it needs to survive, and then watch the prison go through its routine, changing some things around every now and then. There are fewer rules and challenges compared to something like Rimworld but the tradeoff is more creativity and more freedom.I've spent about 140 hours as of writing this review and I'm not as into it as I was in early hours but I really didn't expect to get so much out of such a small game. I can't exactly place what makes the experience of Prison Architect so interesting to me but I love it. There's a balance of whackiness and potential seriousness that makes the setting fun too.Oh, and you can try to escape your own prison, so that's pretty cool, though I prefer burning it down."
,Recommended,233450,29205718,Posted: 12 January,all,corpsgrinder360,"Its a fun game, but there needs to be more content. I got bored after 19 hours but i might come back to it sometime."
,Recommended,233450,25792717,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Boss,"This game is fun, it's hard to get right, and that gives it replayability. I would not advise leaving your computer on over night to generate funds, it doesn't go very well. The mods are great and add even more replayability. The breakout mode is a little easy but is still fun to play with and an overall good idea. I wish I didn't spend $30.00 on this though. To me it's just not worth that. $20.00 would make more sense."
76561198036333720,Recommended,233450,28013082,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lord God Selkak,Do you like Prisions? Do you like building stuff? Are you a fan of the death sentence? Do you enjoy wasting countless hours of your life?This is the game for you.!!!
,Recommended,233450,28025870,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,FS,+Relaxing+Good Developers+At least has 70 hour playtimeWorth every cent9/10
,Recommended,233450,8297363,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Will,"Prison Architect is good fun, they've added a fair amount of content already but after your prison is established the management isn't that hard. That said it's in Early Access and they are still steadily releasing content."
76561198072449960,Recommended,233450,9782772,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Angry_Bunniez,This game is great
76561198132352058,Recommended,233450,9805978,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,MightDino,Its a brilliant game but I think a creative or freplay mode is needed so you can get every item even fire for some bizzare reason for free and just focus on the building.
,Recommended,233450,9990018,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Evillevan,10/10 Would get shanked again
,Recommended,233450,7395045,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Nico,Such a fun little game! Still don't have the hang of it!
,Recommended,233450,8339342,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Deathstar,"Trouble with your parents? Sick of all the chores they make you do? Don't you just feel like your house is a prison?Now you have a way to vent your frustrations and take them out on a bunch of 2D-sprites of randomly generated criminals! Prison Architect puts you in the role of... well, in that of a prison architect. You are charged with designing the layout of your penitentiary, including not only the cells, but also the canteen, kitchens, workshops, visitation centres, staff rooms and offices and much, much more. This is a game not only for creative people, but also for smart ones, as you are able to assign specific staff to areas you designate for them, set up patrol-routes and daily schedules. When do your prisoners get to eat? What do they get to eat? When do they work, when are they free to do whatever? All of this is decided by you.The simplistic graphics of PA only contribute to the meticulous planning you will find yourself doing after two or three failed attempts. Where do I put the utilities? How should I lay down the big water pipes and connect all the toilets and showers to water supply? How will I prevent contraband from being smuggled in, or tunnels from being dug at night? The amount of things being simulated is simply astonishing. Plus, every month or so, the developers hammer out a big update, bringing fresh content and overhauls to the game's most severe issues. While still in early access, PA is very well playable and worth a look into for all of you who enjoy simulations with advanced supply chains and in-depth planning."
,Recommended,233450,10012831,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Muzzles56,So addicting I didnt realise I was playing it at 4am
,Recommended,233450,15637680,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,TRAINSMURF,I love this game and it only gets better as time goes on 10/10
76561197972429518,Recommended,233450,14317333,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Destro Jones,"I really enjoy this game.  Very challenging and deep, yet feels like a casual game.  I can play it for hours and not get bored. I still  have yet to get a design over 50 prisoners before I decide to scrap it for a new design or the army comes and takes it over because of uncontrolled riots. =P"
,Recommended,233450,21644089,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Justin,Broke out of prison in 34 seconds and avoided the showers. 10/10
76561198209682264,Recommended,233450,16491858,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,SGT_CRAPHAMMER,Brilliant game love it!!!
76561198072547040,Recommended,233450,21488762,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,AlienTherapy,"This game is truly amazing if you like strategy simulators which is really realistic and WILL change your oppinion on how prisons are and deffinitly brings up some convosations about prisons this game is set in roughly the 19-20th century which makes it really interesting the main goals are for the game are to build a prison and make sure the prisoners dont go wild rioting, which is a bit of a shock to newer players but you will quickly understand, I highly reccomend for new players to try the campaign to make sure they know what to do Introversion is such a good company that I bought a few of their games along with prison architect. Well done Introversion.10/10 Best game ever"
76561198088006756,Recommended,233450,20630297,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,eragonaulderson,"""The media is going to crucify us for this James!"" I said.I leaned forward in my office chair head in my hands.""This is a disaster I can't help you with.""My lawyer was sitting across from me, I could see the panic in his eyes.""How many dead James?""""Eight, but it gets worse.  One of them was a guard.""""How many scheduled for solitary?""""Forty-two.""I glanced up at him suprised.""Forty-two! We only have ten solitary cells!""""I can't get you off the hook for this Nicholas.  Your going  to fry in your own prison.""The riot had been handled as well as I could have.  Now I was going to have to resign and probably face hard time.""What about the riot police, they handled it perfectly!"" I said.""They shot six convicts and it took two squads.""Well at least no one escaped.It took five days to get everyone through solitary, and my new warden is very good at his job only 1 death in the last week. :D"
,Recommended,233450,20630414,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,YappaR,"I've played this game since the earliest Alpha stages, and honestly, it was like watching a baby grow into a man. I started off playing a simple, but fun game where I could build a simple set of buildings, add some staff members and that was the game. Since then I've watched it grow and grow in popularity and in the amount of features. As soon as the escape mode feature came out I was playing like mad, growing my gang into a monstrous force to be reckoned with (My gang was basically a bunch of high security prisoners with axes running through the prison.)I urge everyone reading this now, to stop, and buy this game now, go on and experience the magical world of Prison Architect. Good luck!"
,Recommended,233450,10889182,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,RepoGirl2039,"Wonderful game as of Alpha 21! Very addicting - I can not stop trying to make a 'perfect' prison- well thought out, and different from the other prison-type games I have played before. Very buggy, though it is still in Alpha and I personally have never had any major bugs, only small annoying ones. Fairly accurate from what I know, and I love the options you have - like the regime and even food quality and what areas people can go in. I give this game 5/5 stars, and definately reccomend it for anyone who likes things to do with prisons, or simulation games. Keep up the wonderful work!"
,Recommended,233450,16849993,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Comrade Jit,there's two kinds of people playing this gameone build heaven for prisonerand another build slaughterhouse for themset regime to work 24hr build 2x3 prison around 200 celland set intake to only maximum then buy a lot of guard locker and spawnarmed guard (y)
,Recommended,233450,26592366,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Fragedurmom,"Hours and hours of replay, lots of challenges and fun."
76561198260452978,Recommended,233450,26578695,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,RealDoCGamer,"To be honest, this is one of the best games i've played so far,you ask why? Well there is something in this game that just keeps you in, it's addictive. When you play it you just have one idea in mind, to build the best prison.Now I usually play the game with unlimited money, but that makes the game fun! There is no limit, so when you build you giant canteen as usual, you don't have to worry about not having enough money.In the end it is a great game and recommend you buying this game, and just enjoying yourself.Good luck building Prisons!"
,Recommended,233450,26583146,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Bizzle,Loving this game! there are a few things that could be improved..first il start with the negatives..your builders are typical english builders constantly drinking tea and not doing much :Pthe electrics are abit sketchy and doesnt really give u a distance or power output limit so will just cut out regardless of how many capacitors you have around it.I have also noticed that the education programmes dont really work well and only one person out of 25 will pass the foundation course. the only course that gets completed is kitchen safety and parol :P lolTo be completely honest i mainly bought it for the building aspect..which i cant complain too much about i have lots of fun building have uploaded a few prisons too the workshop too.it is a good overall game if you enjoy building managment games and will definatly be worth the money :DEnjoy locking up those weirdos!! orrr be a weirdo and try too escape them dirty screws....
,Recommended,233450,32496718,Posted: 17 June,all,KWShand,"This game is so, so, so much fun! You build up a prison however you want, be whatever kind of warden you want! Do you wanna be a crule die hard disciplin only warden or do you wanna the prisioners best friend, the possibilities are practically endless! My favourite part about this game is the diversity, every prisoner has a different background, a different crime they're in for, a different face and even different opinions!This game may not be for everyone but i think that everyone should at least give it a try!"
76561198118936576,Recommended,233450,26573457,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Vladimir Lenin,Super neat.
,Recommended,233450,26581899,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Mister Raw,"Build a prison, you're the architect of this land. It's hard sometimes, and strategy is key to success, or failure."
,Recommended,233450,26588317,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Ishvii,"I wasn't sure about the prison setting but I got totally absorbed in this. The mechanics are brilliant, it's responsive and enjoyable. Planning how to lay out your prison, how many staff, dealing with riots etc is great fun."
,Recommended,233450,26577041,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Beelzeboss,"The game is one of the best management games I've played. This game might be complicated to some at first time. So it is better if you play the campaigns first. Campaign missions will guide you throgh all the basics of the game. After you get all the basics, the functions of this game will be a cakewalk.When I first found this game, I did not like the 2D graphics and the complicated gameplay. Still I gave it a shot and slowly I started to like the game and now this is one of my favorite management games. Even the graphics looks really cute now even though I did not like it at first. The best thing is, the game is really small but higly addictive and fun.This game is pretty realistic. Just like other simulation/management games, Prison Architect also forces you to THINK before you do any action. Even designing a prison can have bigger impacts later. This is where I failed most of the times in my first sandblox plays, thus ending up with issues like - angry prisoners starting riots because of starvation, prison staff getting tired, snitches getting caught and ending up dying, prisoners escaping which is because I placed large pipes under their cells making it easy for them to make tunnels etc. But these challenges are what make this game really interesting.You don't really need a high end pc to run this game. However, when your prison starts to get big, you might face a lot of stutters and fps issues because of so many thing going on at the same time. I don't know if higer-end pc users gets this problem or not. This is the only issue that bothers me when my prison starts to get bigger.So overall, if you like simulation/building/management games, this is for you. And if things get repetitive, then there is Escape Mode where you get to be a prisoner and find different tactics to escape the prison. There are tons of fun and creative maps made by other users which you can download and play this mode in or you can just build a prison and start playing escape mode in your own made prison. This game is a must have."
,Recommended,233450,26592496,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Hammer & Pickle,Fun little game full of challenges.Some of the stuff they added recently makes the game a bit difficult though.
,Recommended,233450,26581866,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Playeeer,"Very good game! 8,5/10+money system+climatic system+raining & snowing+lots of things to do-in prisoner mode you cant eat & drink-you cant do your own prisoner :("
,Recommended,233450,23798228,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Spruce Lee,Playing escape mode.Build up my rep and crew with petty squabbles.Punch through the front door and escape.10/10
,Recommended,233450,24380143,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,JFLFAT,fun game
,Recommended,233450,24025150,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Inmortalmen,"Really recommendable, What else can you do to spend some time when you are bored? 10/10"
,Recommended,233450,24495866,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,TawnyGirl,"It's a fun game, you build a prison, you can even try to break out of the prison you built. I recommend it, its fun when you try to escape, you can build your character up where he/she can one shot people, basically... you murder everyone.. Fun though!"
,Recommended,233450,10192366,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,NickEnzo,"Amazing game. Simple, easy, but oh, so difficult. Many updates to come, hopefully, so it'll get better and better!"
76561197999474353,Recommended,233450,23430023,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Bob Barker,"Some of the most recent updates have yielded some unusual bugs, but with continued support and actually taking feed-back from the community, this game is a definate pick-up for any steam user.  I personally very much enjoy simulators and creative building games, but even a FPS player should be able to play this game and find it just as challanging as if throwing Hard mode on in the original Killing Floor. Still not hard enough? Turn on gangs, fog, events and weather, its more like *insert hardest game you've ever played*....more or less.10/10Would put +1200 prisoners in permanant solitary again.Update: Post 2.0I have only played a little with the new UI and some of the dev menus they have now released and I don't find it game braking at all. Its a choice to test prisons thats already built hense the instant building with ""Cheats"" turned on, playing the game without is just playing the stock game. Say if you ever wondered about how your prison would hold up if it got in a riot, or they had family needs spiked right through the roof, its now testable with one click of a button. Playing the game with the cheats on diminishes the point of prison architect, but being able to test a prison in very extreme conditions is fun for anyone looking for still a great simulation game."
,Recommended,233450,27160251,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tommyaka - Zzz,"I've played this for hours on end, even before it was on Steam!"
76561198267885608,Recommended,233450,27314151,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RossyGaming,"Prison Architect is an amazing game! It is one of those games that I would play a lot of for quite a while, have a liitle break but always come bak to repeat the process.There is alot to learn but the campaign, which acts as a tutorial, gives you all of the basics. It looks stunning with the cartoon-like style. It has been wellthought-out an designed. Plus the fact that Introversion (The makers) were constatly updateing it and communicating with the community.If you like sandbox biulding and mangament games, then this a great game to play!"
,Recommended,233450,24118240,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,AlanThePoor,"I don't always play this game, but when I do, I spend a day on it."
,Recommended,233450,24373847,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Toilet Singer,You can't feel time when you play this game.  A good time killer. Better set a timer when you play so your eyes can have some rest.
76561198007578289,Recommended,233450,25989471,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Dirt1970,Fun build and Management sim.   Some controls are a little wonky but just takes some getting used to.   The campaign has a serious storyline and is very interesting.
,Recommended,233450,27063908,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,🎃 Calypso <-☭Nate☆->,"This game is good and engaging, but it missing a few quality of life features.It is fun, but it begins to get stale after a bit, if you get good at it. There are plenty of different ways you can play, so it leaves it up to you. The story felt a bit flat, but that's ok, I don't know how much more flat this game can look. :PI say it's worth buying on sale, not so much full price as of $30 right now."
,Recommended,233450,26827030,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Agorah,"This is probably the best purchase I have made on steam as it gives you hours of gameplay and has a lot of hidden gems in it. Learning how to run your own prison brings you the most fun so if you want to have the best experience with this game I would avoid looking up hints or tips, don't be scared to make mistakes as they often end up being hilarious anyway.This is indie game / early access done right and the amount of work that has gone into the game is phenominal.All round well polished and well supported game!"
,Recommended,233450,27111502,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,J∀SθN♣ PROGRAMMING 24/7,I love that creative idea of this game. Great game!
76561198251159202,Recommended,233450,29210694,Posted: 12 January,all,MichaelDownVincent_II,"I love the game just the downside to it is the AI, after awhile playing on the game the AI starts becoming more dumb, as if the system just gets stuck on a endless loop of commands.The metal detectors are an issue too since a lot of inmates tend to glitch through them with metal objecs and not be detected, if these issues could be looked at then it would make the game better, even fix the fire inside the prison and adapt it more for the AI so if you start a fire then the AI can fix it without becoming broken off the damages.The game it self I absolutly love it, they should be more fixes to turn this game to help out the prolong players that play the game for hours on end and add more features since they also make the game just a way to lose track of time and have tons of fun."
76561198154494435,Recommended,233450,25283602,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,vixni♥,yay
,Recommended,233450,23453265,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Aazatgrabya,I can't believe I've not reviewed this in the two years I've owned it.  Genius game.  That's all you need to know.
,Recommended,233450,12163365,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Just Ice,Awsome game I love the name in the game feature
76561198029034370,Recommended,233450,16863327,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,UmbralDream,"This game is incredibly addictive. The planning tool allows for detailed build designs. There are many different room types each with their own challenges benefits.Considering how high the quality is in Alpha, I can only imagine how awesome this will be after release.If you're a fan of building simulations, this game is a MUST HAVE."
,Recommended,233450,16363515,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,White Guy,Love it
76561198273714088,Recommended,233450,32081248,Posted: 31 May,all,CpCt | Artemushka1215,"If your the type of person that likes RW (RimWorld) or games where you manage your city/village/shelter/etc... This is definitely one of those games. It does some very interesting logistics and very interesting style. You can download a bunch of mods that a lot to your game, my favorite being Prisoners of War and the Soviet mid.Some cons of this game are:The campaign is quite short but difficult. Bugs are still present but rarely met.Best thing they added to the game is a secret 3D and not 2D, that means your prison can be in 3D!!Good job devs! Great game!"
,Recommended,233450,25259041,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,"[bort ,.]Viking",Overall a good building game
,Recommended,233450,534112,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Starvin247,"Awesome little indie game with a lot of character and constantly changing with monthly updates. Design and manage your own Prison, share your designs with others lots of fun to be had :D"
76561197972714373,Recommended,233450,8366629,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Monkey_Wrench,"I am currently playing the game during Early Access. The game doesn't normally crash or anything, but it does feel incomplete. You get to do lots of things, but at the end of of the day there isn't any real reward. I did also took a gamble buying it at full price so that has been the biggest let down. II don't think the game is worth $30 or so much, but if the game was in the $10-$15 it would totally be work all the money."
,Recommended,233450,32185888,Posted: 4 June,all,Dean | csgogem.com,This game is amazing game to let your creativity out and build unlimitdly. Also mods are great in this game to make your experience better. My one problem is how slow your builders go when you get better at the game.-Dean R. Fetters
,Recommended,233450,16874399,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Ladderhead,Horribly addictive and will create those prison stories you've always wanted to tell without actually going to prison.10/10
,Recommended,233450,32754837,Posted: 24 June,all,Hymen Buster 5000,B*DASS TATTOS AND SH*T MFER!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,233450,32864258,Posted: 27 June,all,PiggyJuggler,Love this game. But Im really just writing this review for the sticker pack
76561198141782244,Recommended,233450,12491102,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,I PLAY GAMES!,"Amazing game, I love it. I thought creative management games were dying, then this came along and I was like, ""meh, looks cool... might as well try it."" Then I woke up hours later, my face flat on my keyboard. Amazing, (not the falling asleep part though...)"
,Recommended,233450,7815982,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Picer,"So, did you like Theme Hospital? Then you will love this. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing AWESOME!"
,Recommended,233450,28611324,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Spooky Lime,gr8 story tbh
,Recommended,233450,15899432,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Luctia,"This game. THIS GAME. OOH YEAH.Prison Architect is an amazing game. I've been playing this game since 0.22 or so, and it has truly come a long way. It's awesome to see an early access game with developers who actually care about it and set a bar for themselves. That way, an update came out every month and never was it disapointing.Now that the official Alpha is out, I can say that I and probably 99% of players are more than satisfied with the result. The game itself can call itself the best prison sim of it's time and now that they have added escape mode and story mode it really can't get much better.Personally, I think the game is near perfection. There are still some bugs, but you I can live with those. I also think that in escape mode the prisoner is slightly overpowered. However, this can also be a fun experience as you completely demolish a prison with a gang of over 20 prisoners.The difficulty of the game can be set to ones own preference, which is great. Experienced players can make it a lot more difficult for themselves and new players can discover the game without problems.When you look at the community for the average player, it doesn't really stand out. You can share your prison on the workshop and download prisons from others, but that's really it for most people. Not that there's a lot more needed, it just is that way and I like to point that out.Overall, Prison Architect has evolved over two years to be the best prison management sim yet, and I think that it's worth every penny. You're going to enjoy yourself for hours on end, and when you think you've discovered everything there is, the game gives you another challenge and more posibilities."
,Recommended,233450,32500118,Posted: 17 June,all,OriginalBlazing,GREAT GAME!!!
76561198061446550,Recommended,233450,15262683,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Käthe Perry,"I bought this game in alpha and it was awesome.I payed only a few bucks on it cuz it was on sale.Imo 20 bucks was too much for an alpha phase game.But they work hard and very much to improve gameplay.Now its much better and i would pay the 20 bucks!So many features make this game a big thing! Its hard to lead a prison well but sometimes a bit brutality helps to lead the prison very well.U can play as nice prison director or a monster :D u decide!Everything is possible u can build the prison like u want and its much fun to build it first, see it grows and handle the prisoners!"
76561198178383759,Recommended,233450,15249616,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,curiousone967,Good game would like to  see a mod that lets two prisoners to a cell instead of one....fun game tho.
76561198179576885,Recommended,233450,15230382,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,frank.bobbear,best most fun game ever
,Recommended,233450,15232600,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Virtruvious,Highly detailed prison building simulator
,Recommended,233450,15234877,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,hafo,It's cool and all
76561198185119134,Recommended,233450,15242287,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,spertane26,Its a very good game. I love games where you manage and build things and this is one of the best ones I've played
76561198098067432,Recommended,233450,15246619,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,baddash801,Great prison builder game! Though its a little hard to play at first (learning how to actually build things) there are tons of guides and youtube videos. All in all great game (sorry if spelling is not greatist its like 3:00 in the morning :3)
,Recommended,233450,18945424,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,santoryu11,"I have had this game since it was in Beta and every update it improves unamaginably well. I am always eager for a new update, but not ready for one yet, still exploring the newest update."
76561198016005060,Recommended,233450,24197736,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,rick32547,Fun game.  Didn't get it right away as it looked simple to me.  Once I bought it and then added some mods it was really fun and enjoyable.  If you use different mods and handle your games differently it's a new game everytime.  Well worth it.
76561197981795525,Recommended,233450,20507947,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,PatMartins #Explosiveparty@UK,"Well, you COULD build a well-functioning prison where every prisoner gets reformed well, has medical care and access to all their needs...but where's the fun in that?"
76561198110616992,Recommended,233450,24527002,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,fingles007,This is definitely one of the best games I have playedHas a great feel to it and is very immersiveWould recommend to any and all
76561198003673552,Recommended,233450,9980700,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,benjo,it is a good game but they sould build and upsatirs because if you look at normal prisons in life they have up sairs cells sorry for bad spelling
76561198014249084,Recommended,233450,2897099,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,Dominick_Pilla,- -完秒监狱大亨啊
,Recommended,233450,14330618,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,castlec,great
76561198001576755,Recommended,233450,16747775,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,space,"Very fun! Hilarious at times, especially when all hell breaks loose. Definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,233450,19723109,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Ragnarr Loðbrók,"One of the best and complex management/building gameStill a few bugs but only a problem for beginners (and there are thousands of threads D:)If u like the prison theme there is no way around PAAnd new content is still comingGraphic is ""Simple"" but fits well to this Game :3*Review still gonna get edit"
,Recommended,233450,24115833,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Glowilicious,2 Words....LOVED IT!I Love This Game From IV Software love how the Freindly the Community is and how it gets updated every Month with Brand New Content and Bug FixesKeep It Up Guys!Accidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!|Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed
76561198091452386,Recommended,233450,23262128,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,pp0nu,game is pretty good
76561198085266189,Recommended,233450,18419927,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Fucking Allah,One of my favorite games. Lots of fun buidling a prison and even better when you put on free fire during a riot and your armed guards genocide a whole Cell block of prisoners. Very fun would buy 10/10
,Recommended,233450,23262224,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Hardcore Bacon,"Very addicting and fun to play, great campaign as well. 10/10"
,Recommended,233450,13797798,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,crispY,THIS GAME IS SEXY ASF 10/10 WOULD FIST AGAIN
,Recommended,233450,14384042,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,ester_soldat,Good game.
,Recommended,233450,24467484,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,★F I N D U S #CashedOut,"A great and unique approach to the genrePrison architect is a very unique approach to the whole genre itself, it combines strategy with simulation in a way that I haven´t seen in any other game yet. The artstyle fits the basic simplicity of the game very well. But once you get a little bit into it, the game reveals an astonishing depth.Last but not least, the developers are doing a great job. I´ve been playing this game since the alpha and a lot of new content was added constantly, especially the escape mode was a major success and added a whole new facet to the game. Some features are still missing (e.g. the option to enable all the researches in the sandbox mode) but its overall a great game with a lot of potential."
,Recommended,233450,33116748,Posted: 1 July,all,DeathChopper,"Great sanbox prison building game, have spent only 40 hours on it overall and i am still finding things to do. The workshop for this game with the prisons either escaping them or learning from them is a great process to!Highly reccomend"
76561198076715836,Recommended,233450,16863151,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,jjlpstar,"Great Game for killing time, alot of great features.Strong modding community that adds alot.Has its bugs and issue. (like pretty much every other game)10/10 Would lockdown again."
,Recommended,233450,26535670,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,LUDZEMONE,11/10 would put the supermax legendary inmate on a 500+ hour solitary confinement punishment again
,Recommended,233450,11290154,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,ectoplasm,"Prison Architect is a game where you get a wad of cash, a square of land, and you are tasked with building a prison and maintaining the prison, whilst attending to what is required and what would benefit the prison while also keeping in mind your budget. It's a cartoony, cheerful (or as cheerful as a game about prisons can be) renedition of what you'd expect if somebody said ""Prison Tycoon"".Time can be controlled, either paused, running normally or sped up a certain amount of times, and each member of staff can be controlled to a certain degree too. Rooms can be designated, people emplyed, schedules configured, heck, this'd be a long review if I listed each and every function in the game. The best thing one can do is pull out their wallets, be them virtual or real, or plastic and wafer-thin, and buy this game. I reccomend it.Yes, it's an early access. yes, it's riddled with bugs. One time an invisible prisoner stabbed a cook to death with a spoon. But don't let the fact that sometimes contruction workers walk through walls put you off; these bugs do get fixed, and one day (hopefully, if this doesn't end up going down like Planetary Annihilation) it will be finised. And that day will be glorious.Overall, buy this game. I have very little to say to this game in terms of negative response. This game gets an 8/10. Spankilicious."
,Recommended,233450,16623629,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Kongwars,10/10 game must buy!
76561198098435917,Recommended,233450,10032976,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,chiefofanindiantribe,"Although I really enjoy the game. I find that it is easy to grow bored with it because there aren't any set tasks. Considering it's a traditional based game (like theme hospital) I am disappointed there aren't levels and different obstactles to overcome. I find it very repetitive. 'Make a prison. Sell prison for more money, make new prison. Sell for even more money."" However, it is still a fun game and still in alpha. I have easily played 72 hours worth of this game."
,Recommended,233450,8694655,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Trozz,"Build your own prison, watch the inmates kill each other and try to escape. is there much else to say."
,Recommended,233450,9559846,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,UncleJ,"This game may be THE 2ND BEST simulator I have ever played, 2nd only to Kerbal Space program. There is not much more to say than locking up your prisoners and giving them whatever luxuries they need. 2nd best in its class for me. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,233450,22488989,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,MadeBySaints,"This prison simulator is amazing. The simple fact that you have that much control over what happens inside your jail is absolutely mind blowing. Escape mode is challenging, even in the lowest of security prisons, as it should be. Overall this game is well made and has a permanent place on my playlist. I just wish it didnt bog down so much when your prison reaches near 250+ inmates. 9.8/10"
,Recommended,233450,17001788,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Rainbowbeard,Amazing game.I'm looking forward to a complete Version. Since i got it there were releases about every 2 Mounth which is ok.Buy and Try!
,Recommended,233450,12815808,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Nimmy,"Games like this that are born from rational and normal people with actual goals - are the reason big business will always be outshined by newer, fresher ideas."
76561198060422917,Recommended,233450,10917329,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Tankok1998,"it is a great game about making your prison. it lets your imagenation shine and creativaty isnt a limit. i recomend this game  for anyone! its fun, stratigic and very very adictive! Go for it but only if you can afford it."
,Recommended,233450,24692182,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,JHF Gaming,"ONE OF MY ALL TIME FAVOURITE GAMES!If you rolled around in the joy and happiness of PC Management and building games in the late 90's/early 00's then you will love this game.  It has the depth and wonder that games like Rollercoaster Tycoon 2 and Theme Hospital (to name just a couple) had.Even if you never experienced the joy of that period this game will blow your mind.  It is stocked with amazing features, wonderful AI and immence potential to do EVERYTHING you can possibly think of.  Honestly, buy this game and you will not be disappointed.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWf7sfN7frs"
,Recommended,233450,21067349,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,DeepDishPizza,This game is great. It combines the Bob Ross of building a prison along with the escape mode where your shooting can either be so inaccurate you know it's your fault or so precise you'd make Lee Harvey Oswald jealous.10/10 Would kill myself in my own fire again
,Recommended,233450,18357755,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,DISTORTIONS,suck
,Recommended,233450,16018560,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Rain1597,"This game is beyond amazing. I can not explain how much great entertainment this game has to offer. When I first got this game and started playing it I was hooked, it's a complicated game at first but, once you start to use it for a few days it becomes much easier. The graphics are beautiful and definitely bring this game to life. This game has so much to offer and I would highly advise this game to everyone."
,Recommended,233450,25291775,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Kitajoza_07,Good game !If you like a strategy then just buy it :D now !
,Recommended,233450,16623460,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Tocotin,"This Game is Really Fun to Play, I like its design and gameplay, I love the patches they often do, my only problem with this game is, the tutorial. IT SUCKS, so if you dont watch gameplays before you start playing you will have a bad time. But thats it, rest of the game is AWESOME. Do Buy if you want a good Long Offline Game."
,Recommended,233450,11750123,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Top Fudge,10/10 would become addicted again.
76561198086858957,Recommended,233450,9991359,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Thunder⚡Chief,great
,Recommended,233450,27817502,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cobolt,Amazing replay possibilities ! Worth every penny ! :)
,Recommended,233450,27917911,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sir Huggle VonDeathcuddle,"I nominated PA for the ""everything went wrong award"". A category I named myselfIt perfectly sums up my experience with PA. I will build a prison that meets the needs of all my prisoners. All of a sudden they riot, kill all my guards, and execute my warden. After an unsuccessful take back using riot police, the national gurd came in. They were wiped out by the 150 rioting prisoners. Most were carrying guns that they raided from the armory.I decide to restart.Built a prison for all types and make guard/prisoner ratio 10 to 1. Armed guards partolling each hallway. Snipers surrounding the outside perimeter. Harsh solitary punishments for all offenses. A logic gate controlled remote door (which took forever to figure out) on the armory and security office. A riot eventually breaks out. It is under control in most areas. The prisoners head for the armory. ACCESS DENIED. Riot is controlled and my prison is still under my control.What have I learned? Forget meeting the needs of all of your prisoners. Supply them with basic needs and make them compliant through a show of force.I love this game."
,Recommended,233450,26907239,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,robovski,"An instant classic in the management/builder genre. Build a prison and manage the prisoners, make more money and expand the prison. Sounds really simple and it is, in a way. But it is also very very complex and a lot of emergent gameplay is to be had. Well worth it for those who like running little empires."
,Recommended,233450,14323166,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Intoxicated_™,"the most fun ive had for the amount of money put into it. even just spending time reading prisoner bios is hillarious. and just when i thought id done all i could, there comes updates with tons of content and these awesome mods! 10/10"
,Recommended,233450,14941242,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Lazyspartan101,Best death camp simulator to date. 10/10
76561198094251472,Recommended,233450,13610700,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Beth downie,"This game is amazing you can have a lot of fun and having the power to choose weather you make the prisnors enjoy it there or make them absolutly hate it makes it even better, highly recomend this game"
,Recommended,233450,9976801,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Rocketpants,"This is my second edit of my review for Prison Architect. At first, thumbs down. Too broken. Second review, somewhat reluctant thumbs up. Still a bit broken. Third, and what I think will be my final review - two thumbs up in the air very high!I bought this in early access and am excited that they have released 1.0 and that it can be considered a full title. I'm very happy for the small dev team. They've done an incredible job making Prison Architect feature rich and are still updating it frequently with bug fixes and new content.Early access has been a bit of a joke tbh on Steam, but this game is one of the few to do it right. They still need your support so if you're even half interested in a good building sim then you really should buy this game."
,Recommended,233450,19015707,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,JoSexyLee,refunded
,Recommended,233450,33341845,Posted: 7 July,all,Captain Commie,"Started with a rehabilitation centre, and finished with a concentration camp10/10"
76561198046088851,Not Recommended,233450,32941613,Posted: 28 June,all,JustaPuddle,"Splitting the game under several companies, and furthur creating console exclusive DLC's? Not a great way to support the community that helped fund that game in the first place.Prison Architect was/is a pretty great game, however, those in charge of management have made some serious errors that reflect poorly with the community. I really want to start recommending the game again, but we will have to see what the near future brings---if anything."
76561198094834793,Recommended,233450,12038692,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,dg8882,Rioting inmates burned down my prison... 10/10
76561198118147189,Recommended,233450,12407192,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Turd Ferguson,This is one of the few tycoon-like games I would probably never get bored of.  So many possibilities in the way you can build your prison.  Anyone on the edge about buying this game should know that they update it frequently with new content.9.5/10
76561198059487647,Recommended,233450,14316495,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,mannycharm89,"Prison Architect is a wonderful game, very intervactive and watchable especial how the AI maneuvers around your design"
,Recommended,233450,18365953,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Dr. Oktoberfest. Ph.D.,"The workshop content for this game is amazing.I had a single large prisioner screaming and hitting his bed.When I zoomed into his cell he was solving ""Sexy Time""11/10 real life simulator"
,Recommended,233450,23277109,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Laim,"So. I backed this game back during the Kickstarter and didnt' really play it all that often. It was one of those games that I was like, eh, okay. It's a cool concept, not for me... Until I had two weeks off work and I was bedbound.This game has taken over my life.  This game, from the last time I played it, has progressed and grown into such a beautiful, enjoyable simulator.Honestly, if you're on the edge of buying this game - just buy it. It's worth it So worth it."
76561198075734887,Recommended,233450,25505960,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,銀河のソーセージ,A sandbox game with a lot of good features...
76561198050974659,Recommended,233450,9979696,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Pvt Dog Bollocks,"Prison architect is a unique, different and highly enjoyable game. I personaly have never played a game like prison architect and i can only wish that it came out earlier so it could save me from the boring fps games that i was so acustomed to playing. Prison architect has a unique feel about it. It is relaxing at times but there are moments that really do get your blood pumping (bloody riots). The game is very user friendly and it doesn't take long to get comfortable with the controls and how the game works. In the trailer it keeps mentioning about bugs and glitches etc but i haven't encountered any big ones! (i have encountered a few small ones which were fixable without even leaving the game!)  The game play is great and the creativity is awsome but the best thing for me about the game is watching it develop. Every time i start it up i wonder if there is something new and most of the time there isn't which is understandable, but every so often there is and it makes it even cooler! it could be a big cheange like a new type of gaurd or a small colour change but what ever it is, it makes the game even epicer (i don't think that that is a word but oh well). To sum it up.... AWSOME this game is unique and pure gold, 10/10. There are many games where you shoot stuff but none like this (that i know of). It is a must buy!!!"
76561198095414129,Recommended,233450,11554576,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Sugarpuff,The best game ever. If looking for an indie game stop right there just buy Prison Architect.
76561198093407689,Recommended,233450,12370773,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,LeadMagnet,Endless possibilites that are created at the end of evrey month! 11/10
76561198136246474,Recommended,233450,28916656,Posted: 1 January,all,MrPrank1233,"I escaped my own prison in three days , and foudn out the reason why is because i forgot to put up walls aroudn the prison. Somehow only i escaped.10/10 would not escape my own prison again"
76561198045060110,Recommended,233450,10650400,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,NOOBALICIOUS1,My prisoners rioted and killed all my staff and escaped. 11/10 would do again.
76561198006084091,Recommended,233450,26270313,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Schuii <3,"Simply a cute and very fun indie game, nothing to add :) I really love it"
76561198159474702,Recommended,233450,26252460,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,_bartul_,"Well worth the price, 60 hours of fun is more then I get in most AAA titles..."
76561198046838637,Recommended,233450,16263740,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,HereticPruder,What angery poeple live in my large rectangle.
,Recommended,233450,33352528,Posted: 7 July,all,WalrusQuake,"The best part about this game is watching the unrelenting torment that modern day inmates go through as they succomb to the terrible conditions that become their home. It's a real light hearted game, great for a few hours of fun."
,Recommended,233450,27252719,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NIPPAR,"I enjoy theEscapemode more than thePrison Architectmode, but when i play the as aArchitect;I always find my self forgetting these dudes are in prison for a reason and end up making a fabuolus Hotel..Prison Architect is way better than ''The Escapists'' in every way. If you want a prison escape game just buy Prison Architect instead The Escapists and play the escape mode of the game."
,Recommended,233450,8822524,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Vego,"This is a very fun game which I have spent so much time on. I do not recommend thhis for impatient people, as there is a lot of bugs and is currnetly not finished, but it is DEFINITELY worth your money."
76561198027043453,Recommended,233450,15302398,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,{fgt} Uranus!,I've wasted too much time on this game to be proud of. I rate
76561198068124545,Recommended,233450,23938862,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,droider1967,"GREAT GAME! It is a fun, funny, crazy, sad, and happy game! If you can get it on sale I would pick it up no matter WHAT!"
,Recommended,233450,13800861,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,British Litten,"It's very addicting... For an Alpha - It's extremely stable. Small little nuffs that aren't 'game breaking' and not very noticeable. I highly recommend this game. I can't wait for it's official, full release!"
,Recommended,233450,28916155,Posted: 1 January,all,Timo1241,"Prisoner kills another prisoner during breakfast with a knife.I order a guard to search the prisoner.Guard finds the knife.""1 prisoner has been unnecessarily searched recently.""10/10 would unnecessarily search a murderer again."
76561198104384109,Recommended,233450,13989550,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,stinkybones3,AWESOME Game
76561198149022388,Recommended,233450,18224688,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Jag,thi game is the second best game ever made
76561198035670690,Recommended,233450,27363115,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,witefang82,Hotel Simulator for Prisoners 2016
,Recommended,233450,9637964,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Lycan Blackpaw,"I will say, this game, despite bugs and flaws, is really amazing. Bugs, of course, are to be expected, but they don't take too much away from the actual gameplay. The bug where dogs can't sleep in staff-only rooms? So what? Just put in a jail door, and the bug has no meaning! If you can catch the game on sale, I say go for it!"
,Recommended,233450,27366408,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,☼Kacela☼,"I can't get bored playing this game. It's addicting. I can't stop playing it. No matter how mundane of a game it appears to be...it just isn't. A must play, especially if you love city/world building/strategy games."
76561198055414266,Recommended,233450,14317223,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,dibs234,"Absolutely fantastic game, very absorbing and great support by the developers with consistent updates every month, if you want to see early access done right then look no farther."
76561197975344785,Recommended,233450,15674773,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Axle,.
,Recommended,233450,14317275,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,ＡｎｃｉｅｎｔＲｕｌｅｒ,In my opinion one of the few good early access games on Steam.
76561198003430386,Recommended,233450,14321359,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,.Twed,Highly Recommend this game if you want a really well thought out tycoon esque game
76561197965830330,Recommended,233450,16607207,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Laedek,Enjoy this game more that almost any other game. Worth every dollar.
,Recommended,233450,20696796,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Quickdeath,"Im glad that i bought the ""Prison Architect Name in Game"" for 5 euro on sale  cause now it cost 45.99 Euro!Btw nice game, and it is worth to buy"
,Recommended,233450,18371175,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,MainXextra,"It doesn't work on my Pc ""Input not supported"" can you help me with it please?"
,Recommended,233450,15102768,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,AttackOfTheThumbs,"I recommend the game, if you can grab it for ten dollars or less. It simply isn't worth more than that in it's current state.It's a fun game, reminds me of older simulator type games, but it has major caveats. The tutorial is useless. The game needs a real tutorial that teaches you how to build a functioning starter prison, how grants work, employee management, expanding from a holding cell to individual cells, etc. Instead you have to rely on trial and error or some of the better community guides to get through the first few baby steps, but then you go advanced and it becomes easy to lose sight of what is happening.At one point I had prisoners cuffed, standing outside their cells. They just stood there. The game didn't tell me why, I had to put them into solitary to get them back inside.It's frustrating, but it is fun once you get your prison running relatively smoothly. Problems occur with expansion and trying to manage prisoners, cells, kitchen, and staff in its own prison subsections.I'm not sure how much more time I will put into it though. At times the cashflow is too low to really expand it the way you need to and without great foresight, you end up demolishing a lot only to build again"
,Recommended,233450,16570404,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ice,Great game with tons of content. In addition the devs are awesome. Get it while it's on sale if you want to have some cheap fun. Anyhow the game is great and I highly recommend it.
76561198217432556,Recommended,233450,19247034,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,unbuttered,GREAT GAME!! I recommend this game! pls do get it!
76561198004286922,Recommended,233450,27939158,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Saxouk,Amazingly detailed Prison similator.Lot's of new free updates and can now even be the prisoner.If you love simulation/building games then you should give this a try.
,Recommended,233450,10082611,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Eddie long legs™,yes
,Recommended,233450,16669211,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,[ATC]Lyndiman,Just when you think you're done running a prision they add another feature and drag you back. A lengthy sentence with no chance of parole on this one.
,Recommended,233450,29300319,Posted: 16 January,all,在峰🔯Bender🔯别戈,"It wasn’t long after I attacked the officer that I was killed with a shotgun. A fight had broken out near the cell block entrance and my friend Tapper and I decided to use the opportunity to gain some prison cred by battering the guard who came to break it up. It did not go well. My character, Pratt, is now lying in the morgue and I have become Tapper, inheriting his body in a ghostly fashion. I am locked and restrained in my cell. Through the bars I can hear the faint sounds of a riot. I am sad to be missing out.This is Escape Mode, just one of the features added to Prison Architect [official site] for its final release. After four years in development and alpha the game is finally out. Is prison the absolute LOL sesh it is made out to be in popular television show Orange is the New Black? Or is it more like the Midnight Express? Come with me, into this dark corner of the holding cell, to find out Wot I Think. Please mind the vomit.You may not have heard of Introversion’s prison sim, but only if you yourself have been in prison for the past half a decade. It is a game in which you lay down a prison piece by piece, from the armory and the cells, to the toilets in the cells, to the pipes that connect the toilets to the sewer, and so on. It plays a little bit like traditional management games and a little bit like PC gaming legend Dwarf Fortress. Thankfully, the creators have forgone the ASCII horror of the latter and given it a cutesy comic book art style. This sometimes clashes with the strangely serious tone of the introductory chapters, which see you execute a prisoner on death row by electric chair. These opening “missions” are called a campaign but they are more of a tutorial, easing you in and letting you play around with optional tasks at the close of each level.And if ever a game needed a tutorial, it’s this. PA in its final form is complex, refreshing and sometimes frustrating. It will take you hours to get to a state of semi-comprehension and days to fully understand every little cog of the machine. In fact, I still can’t brave the use of logic switches or pressure plates, which can be used to micromanage every tiny movement of your prisoners and staff. I have just about got my head around installing a viable back-up generator and plumbing system, for when my primary power centre explodes and several janitors burn to death (this has happened twice).That brings us to the core of what makes Prison Architect so appealing. Things can and do go wrong. A recently added events system throws disasters at you while you build. So you may be in the middle of scheduling a drugs programme to relieve addicts of their dependencies when suddenly the mayor calls you and tells you that a news story has broken about visitors smuggling heroin into a nearby prison, and we can’t be seen to be complacent. Shut down your visitation rooms or face fines, he will say. And you will look at your prisoners, trapped in their cells, shouting about their families, and wince.Sometimes multiple things will go wrong at once. A fire broke out in the central power hub of my facility, knocking out both water and power to the maximum security wing. It was 2am in the morning and the firefighters I called in worked through the night to douse the flames. But at the same time, the mayor called me and told me casually that I was to remove all the weights benches from the prison because of public pressure. In my mind, I threw the phone to one side and thought: “I will do that later, for God’s sake, we are on fire here.” But as the dawn broke, power and water had still not been restored to the maximum security wing. The kitchen staff were unable to cook breakfast and as the prisoners woke up and roamed from the showers to the canteen, all they found were empty serving trays. The riot began almost at once. Five chefs were murdered."
,Recommended,233450,4640155,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,You'll Never Walk Alone,Overpriced Indie game too be honest... but i can understand the hype about the game. It reminds me of  the tycoon games a few years back and if ure a fan of that than this is a must.
,Recommended,233450,28001980,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,i only wear SUPREME,idk how the♥♥♥♥♥to do this i build huge♥♥♥♥♥prisons and it takes hours for my ♥♥♥♥in workers to finish them
,Recommended,233450,13511156,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Jackal,"Bought this game thinking ""oh! this looks fun. I might look into it."" so i bought it. suddenly, minutes turned into hours, hours turned into days. THIS GAME IS SO FUN. BUY IT WHILE IT IS ON SaLE!"
,Recommended,233450,28005113,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Squatchito,This is such a well made game. So much fun building and running your own prison. Very much a fantastic game and well worth the price.
76561198220188272,Recommended,233450,15899854,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,EsthOr23,"I bought the game because it was on sale and I felt like trying it out.I've not played it much because I got stuck with this bug. Read a lot of forums online and no solution is found. The cooks in the kitchen won't start working in my game and it looks like a common bug. I can't play any further than day 3, then my inmates get mad and start starving.I'm waiting for an update or a bug fix to come.Next to that, I feel like this game needs a Campain mode or quests or challenges you need to meet, something like the introduction. Right now I'm just making this prison without a goal...I would recommend this game though. Looks great, everything is thought out and I'm sure the people who don't have these bugs have a lot of fun playing this game."
76561197972912974,Recommended,233450,28001566,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,UK_COMMANDO,"Original, clever, overall great game!"
,Recommended,233450,28003052,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,JAzzSON,Good stuff
,Recommended,233450,15338161,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Indigo Abbie,"I was playing for ages, built a pretty big prison, hired loads of gaurds, and was coming up to having 100 prisoners. Then, all of them decided to riot- they killed 60% of all gaurds, so I then called the riot police to calm it down (who went on to killing the prisoners). The ones who werent killed escaped through the broken door, leaving me with a couple prisoners in solitary and hospital beds full of gaurds and janitors.It took me the next half an hour or so to get back to normal, when another riot occured.10/10, would recommend."
,Recommended,233450,28001787,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,R0CK,"Such a fun game, it offers some much potential for creativity.  You can spend hours creating different prisons with different policy.  You can be the most strict warden or a peaceful and helping psychiatrist."
,Recommended,233450,10992478,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Marick2Die,"As the bugs are reduced and the content increases, the game improves with every update. I have invested a decent amount of my freetime (a rare luxury in my life) into this game and don't regret it at all. The first prison you make will either end horribly or you'll be able to plan things out effeciently and learn to operate within your budget. At times, some of the bugs will steer you away from your prison for a while, but you'll find yourself always creating another the next day.When I first saw this game pop up all over youtube, I wasn't impressed. However, the reviews of the game persuaded me to buy this title on sale and I am very glad I did. It's a fun, challenging simulation sandbox with redefined un-original mechanics. In this age, original content is hard to find, so it's better to rate a game based on how they utilize the content you've seen in other titles. And in that sense - Prison Architect excells.9/10"
76561198079503662,Recommended,233450,17388656,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Infant Punter™,"-Thought prison was going well-Had three seperate cell blocks, one for each level of security prisoner.-All is well in the save file of 'SUPER PRISON OF HAPPY DEATH'-Suddenly new arrival John 'Magic' Mumbo-Legendary Prisoner-Ten minutes pass, riot in max security shower room-Mumbo disarms guard, takes shotgun and goes on rampage while 20 other prisoners take the scraps from Mumbo's terror spree-Finally subdue Mumbo with 2 guard dogs and 3 taser guards-Shakedown search of entire prison 10 minutes later-Find 16 jail keys, 26 tasers, and 28 shotguns in prisoners cells/inventory11/10 Would get destroyed by Magic Mumbo and have shotguns become currency again."
76561198366233103,Recommended,233450,33099259,Posted: 1 July,all,MinerJas,"Me: Starts new prison.Truck with the workmen in: Enters prison.Me: Removes deliveries.Truck: Drives across the road until it falls off the map, taking the 8 workmen with him.Supply trucks: Follows the first truck.10/10 would remove deliveries again.But seriously, this is a good game. Buy it.Me In Escape mode.Me: Goes to canteen at food timeMe: Punches a tableGame: Riot underway, 103 prisoners are riotingMe: Welp..."
76561198093400404,Recommended,233450,22808350,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,/tts Rawr X D,Bought the game in Early Access and since then the game has grown and increased in its playablity. Good work to the devs of this game and keep it up.10/10   Would still play $40.00 if i had to
76561198271023629,Recommended,233450,29033638,Posted: 5 January,all,FatCat Fascist,"I have played the game far longer than I have ever played a game (this is from January to May) and I can say with confidence I know the game pretty well.Pros:Great looking characters and textures.Genuinely satisfying game mechanics.Very deep in terms of gameplay and tons of replayability. (Trust me I've gone through a lot of prisons).Hard working devs constantly updating and improving the game.Amazing community and workshop with tons of content that improves the game. (psst. check out my stuff).Cons:Very Demanding in terms of CPU and memory.repetitive at times.Conclusion:Overall, this is a great game. definitely worth its price tag, but it goes on sale often so it'd be best to pick it up then."
,Recommended,233450,27735055,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,suriver22,"I am a fan of construction and management games ,and I thought that Prison Architect executed everything perfectly.If you don't care for construction and management games then you will most likely won't like it."
,Recommended,233450,11673384,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Schnidel,"I had build a nice prison, and went to the bathroom to take a shower. When I came back my whole prison was burned down.Many people died this day.11/10 would take a shower again.Another one?A Prisoner set my expensive huge Prison on fire, which took me hours to build.I called the firefighters and sent them to the fire.They all died not even trying to get rid of the fire.12/90 Great Donald Trump Simulator 2011."
76561198080622347,Recommended,233450,10728170,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Punished Mcfly,"Built a mega prison, game crashed. 100/10. would build mega prison again"
,Recommended,233450,18164982,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,theglasskat,"Cannot recommend enough. Incredible. Bought it months ago, and even then I wouldn't have been able to tell it wasn't finished. Great team. Regular updates. Fantastic insight into the development. Just....great job, you guys."
76561198108257938,Recommended,233450,18621503,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Jahovah,"Chefs die so prisoners can live, 10/10"
76561198242307108,Recommended,233450,32781808,Posted: 25 June,all,Fr_Ominous,this game is great and very chalnging at times i recamend if you love stratagey games
76561198053281411,Recommended,233450,25287280,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,[H*R] FizzyT,"Say goodbye to your free time because this time sink is very addictive...wait a second, how the hell did he get a gun in here?!"
,Recommended,233450,14376247,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Ilouzsa,"I love this game. Even though I'm not too good at it, I still have a blast playing it! I would recoomend this game to anyone, since its pretty casual. I just love its style and gameplay. Its graphics are also pretty smooth. Anyone who likes games like this should get it, no doubt."
76561198083654442,Recommended,233450,17294669,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,wubbalubbadubdub,"Great game+Fun feel, easy to get money if known how to+Getting your prison into overdrive really sets out the mood+Smooth and high frame rates for most of the game+In game tutorial-Freezing Auto Saves-Starting prison is slow"
76561198072577531,Recommended,233450,12395183,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Rocky Jet,"Super Max inmate goes to visitation. Seconds later, Ex-wife is on the floor, blood everywhere and unconcious.10/10 I love this game."
,Recommended,233450,18360859,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Death Claw,Bought around Alpha 13 and until release (Alpha 36 was the last) I managed to get 62 hours of this game. Played a 2-3 hours after every couple of alpha releases and once enough new things were added started a new prison from scratch. The developers have already announced that the game will continue to be constantly updated for at least 1 year after launch. Definitely recommended...
,Recommended,233450,10868661,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Underwhelmed,"Not since Tropico, and Dungeon Keeper, has pain and suffering been so much fun. Watch in horror as your ideas for a safe, clean, well-equiped facility are replaced by a terrifying fortress of squallor and oppression as you struggle to keep your budget in the black. Give into temptation, and quell that disgruntled mob by hiring armed guards who crush complaints under the jackboots of tranquility. Laugh the first time you give the ""weapons free"" order during an uprising and watch as your guards simultaneously solve the rioting and crowding problems.And then feel bad because you are a monster. Also be prepared for a never ending stream of spoon murders throughout your prison.After 4 years this Early Access gem has finally hit the big time. The only bad thing, is that by departing Early Access, the average quality level of EA has dropped."
,Recommended,233450,32864377,Posted: 27 June,all,KristiS,"this is that tipe of game, that  when u turn it on, u will leave after 5 hours XD and it gets booring real quick!"
76561198214379088,Recommended,233450,34987161,Posted: 15 September,all,PhantomEagle,Really fun and addictive game
76561198012414500,Recommended,233450,13161415,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,xayl,Realy nice and steadiely developing early accesstitle. If you like Themeparklike-games or simply want to build a prison then this is the game for you. And they still manage to make it deeper every month. Realy impressed with the devs so far.
,Recommended,233450,35230811,Posted: 26 September,all,Joe,"I don't know what to say.Being a guy who's only put 60 hours in this game (as of 9/26/2017) disappoints me. I might go back over this review and change it as updates come out. I'm disappointed by the amount of hours I HAVEN'T put into this game.I enjoy building prisons and locking people up. I actually almost died of laughter when I woke up to realize, I left my prison unpaused. There were so many deaths it was funny.Not to mention there is the escape mode that just feels too easy and I hope they put some more work into it and allow for more activities to join in on."
,Recommended,233450,35239794,Posted: 27 September,all,slevelneves,"This game is just so fun. Do not expect anything in terms of ground breaking graphics. However, that is made up for with the numerous little features that are offered. Great game 8/10"
,Recommended,233450,35212210,Posted: 25 September,all,✪◥◣Reginal◢◤✪,When my mate told me about a game where you build and manage a high security prison; i was like screw it... Ended up making the whole entire map a massive prison (rip power). Now hours later i shun everyone stuffing around with this game. It is one of the best tycoon games/ sandbox games EVER. The possibilities are endlessPros-Lot's of different mods that can alter your gameplay-Lot's of different events to keepyou on your toes-Non pixelated graphics means fun for the eyesCons-Can sometimes lag and glitch (even with my NON beefy computer)-Some little bugs here and there not to bad-Do people even play the campaign?Ideas-Multiplayer would be great-Bigger power supplies would be awesome instead of that little punnie thing-Ability to run multiple prisons at one time-New rooms-New events-New weather (tornados ETC)SUMMARISE- JUST FLIPPIN GET IT!!
76561198042094448,Recommended,233450,18472158,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,NOOT NOOT BITCH!,Is a great Prison Simulator game
,Recommended,233450,15127725,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Bouncy elf,Great this game is amazing better than that sh*t game prison tycoon this game is defently amoungst my favourites the only thing i will say is this might be added in future updates but i think the should allow you to decide on the prisoners fate such as death row apeals and parole and add in some more methods of execution such as lethal injection gas chamber hanging and firing sqaud however great game would defnently recomend it
,Recommended,233450,9351607,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,z0mb13k1ll,"This game is in Alpha and has amazing potential! It is the only Alpha game i have ever played to issue large monthly updates that actually contain new content rather than small tweaks for large issues. I love the direction the game is going in, and its awesome that there is a prisoner named after me. Buy the name in the Game version and build your prisoners dream prison!"
76561198120542141,Recommended,233450,10578833,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,NSDAQ2017,"Great game. I had seen this several times in the store and never really paid attention to it, and was really suprised. The one thing I really love is the constant updates - Every month is a new version which adds new stuff and fixes the bugs.There are alot of bugs - as it says its in Alpha. The end of June will see the realse of Alpha 22 which is focused on bugs alone. Very much looking forward to it.Overall its recommended. Getting better and better."
,Recommended,233450,28264184,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,lil roxy,"Prison Architect is the fifth game created by Introversion Software, the game is currently in a Released state. This video game is a simulation/prison game, where you build prisons, hold inmates and manage the prison.Prison Architect is a fun time waster. You have alot to do, alot to unlock and there are many different ways to manage your prison. You can choose between different wardens, or even play the beta branches of the game which right now includes staff needs, where if you do not treat your staff well enough they will become corrupt.There is a community workshop where everybody who owns the game can upload either a prison or a mod. Some prisons are compatible for escape mode, where you play as a prisoner, recruit your allies and try to escape.Pros/cons of Prison ArchitectPros:Good workshopMany room optionsMany unlock optionsDifferent ways to playEscape modeStoryCons:Sexual referencesCrashesOverall: 8.5/10 borks.Source:http://prison-architect.wikia.com/wiki/Prison_Architect_Wiki"
,Recommended,233450,18688589,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Benjideaula,"-Went into escape mode-Stole a lighter-Played ""I don't want to set the world on fire"" And ""Disco Inferno""-Set the entire prison on fire.-Escaped into the wilderness.10/10 would burn again."
,Recommended,233450,13841756,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Milkyshutter,"This game is very fun and make you think hard and creative. It is desgined to hone your carrier as a slave driver and it excels in that area. I would recommend this to anyone who gains satisfaction in enslavement, punishment and cruelty.12/10"
76561198066710336,Recommended,233450,22361048,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,[H.E.S] Santa Claus,"A few glitches but an really nice game, i do recomment downloading it illegal, but okay"
,Recommended,233450,13508022,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,MegaK1lla,"Как Theme Park или Theme Hospital из детства, только про тюрьму.Есть некоторые баги, но в целом игра уже классно смотрится."
76561198046807659,Recommended,233450,8736943,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Scuba Steve,"Needs some serious work since it's still being developed, but it looks very promising."
,Recommended,233450,21178472,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,GamingFlaming,This game is really good.I don't like writing long reviews so i'll make this one short.Escape Mode is fun. In new updates they made it harder to escape.The Workshop Content for this game is really big. There are a lot of maps to escape from. Lots of mods to help you out in building your Prison. Mods to help you in escape mode. Mods Mods Everywere!Keep up the great work DEVS. You made a game that is really fun to play!I Recommend this to people that Like Building Games and Mods (Workshop Content)
76561198007319314,Recommended,233450,35373736,Posted: 1 October,all,DNR Gaming Chase,"Great game to kill time with, i like the christmas mod to change things up a bit. It  does get a bit stale after about 50 hours."
76561198056470283,Recommended,233450,18365069,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,mikesready5p5,"Iv'e almost completed the campaign (and it seems to be a tutorial, a very good one that had me laughing a couple times) and it is wonderful. i've not played the pre release and picked this up for 33% off. All i can say based off of the campaign is that there is an incredible amount of things that you can do to run your prison and that it should be hugely considered where you will build buildings (so that everything runs a lot quicker and smoother). Im really new to this game, only played about 3 hours or so but i cant wait to start sandbox and the other game modes because you honestly will never truley know what the prisoners are up to (unless u do a good ol shakedown. As i said im new so this review is based off of my short experience. Pick it up, buy it, do it NOW....NOWWWW"
76561198027954352,Recommended,233450,7818834,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Slackerhobo,"I have become a huge fan, I have always been a fan of simulation games especially all out builders like thisFor an early release game I am amazed at the quality this is already the mechanics just FEEL right it feels balanced and feature full with plenty to do to manage your population. It has a real nice dificulty curve making it easy to step in and dificult to manage at scale (just as a game should be) overall it has become one of my favorites to play even with it being early accessI do have a few things that I wanted to note these are by and large little items figured this would be an avenue for communication they are at WORST annoyances and probably already in the development packagesThings they could fix:1) Some building bugs (Thing like builders getting stuck can make the game a bit frustrating)2) Dead body removal process overall annoying a bit more so one game (I had a firefighter die in a fire on the road blocking traffic with his body and truck never leaving so blocking further emergency vehicles)3) Power generator not being able to be tied into the same grid (this is a mechanic not a bug fix) this totally confused me for a while not knowing that plugging two into the same grid results on both shutting downOverall the game is highly recommended by me its a tone of fun and really looking forward to the next patch to see what more they bring!"
,Recommended,233450,12294609,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Dime,"An absolutely fantastic game with lots of customization and challenges as well as a storied and experienced staff that are open to community feedback.  They have consistently updated the game for over two years, with a new update every month.Isn't perfect, though, it's often buggy (It's an alpha), it has poor performance (It's an alpha), and is very difficult for new players due to lack of information in the game (It's an alpha).Despite the imperfections, I would highly recommend it."
,Recommended,233450,9782601,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,HOME DEPOT Werdna,"A great game all-around.  Although there are a few bugs they need to iron out, remember that this is only in alpha, and will keep getting better as it updates.  From the funny looking little prisoners, to the huge riots, this game is a fun building type game and is definitly one of my favorite games.  BUY THIS GAME!!!!"
76561198072234425,Recommended,233450,23677211,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,FolaPearl,One of the best game ive ever played. you wont regret it i promise
,Recommended,233450,29408001,Posted: 21 January,all,Zebulan,"Prison Architect is a game about your office chair becoming an actual prison, while you design a virtual prison."
,Recommended,233450,35423752,Posted: 2 October,all,GabrielGaming12,Good Game
76561198021844077,Recommended,233450,35447192,Posted: 3 October,all,jnelsonred333,Great game but I always have more trouble managing min security prisoners than max.  It’s insane how crazy a min security prisoner will try to tunnel out with hardly any time remaining on their sentence.  But besides that I find this game does a great job of managing a prison.
,Not Recommended,233450,18817657,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Nargos,"Dont get me wrong this game has it's good points and you can spend a long time with it, but there are a couple of things you should know about.The good.The graphics are realy good and clear which is welcome for this title.There is alot of options within the game and so there is alot to keep you buissy and it is fun to mess about with this stuff.The sound is fine.The bad.It does not do a good job of letting your know what the effects of what you have down are and so you will need to spend some time the wiki and youtube videos.At time of writing I have given up as the game is runing at 10 fps on a rig that is way past recomended specs and after two weeks I am still trying to get a reply  from the Tech Suport after discoveing that the bug has been in the game since Alph 8.Last is that the interface was done better in games like Theme Park (thin mid 90's) than in this game. Such a silly mistake."
,Recommended,233450,24753658,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Zarozax,"I've been playing this game since its beta, and it really just does not stop giving. A clean, endearing art style, a solid premise, and just a truck load of features. I don't see a whole lot of sim games that allow the player to have such a degree of creativity that Prison Architect does. It honestly just has all of the good ingredients for a great simulation game with a ton of replayability."
76561198052610539,Recommended,233450,29303561,Posted: 16 January,all,Death From Above,"I have gotten so much play out of Prison Architect since buying it. I was on the fence about buying it for a long time because I wasn't really connecting the graphic look I was seeing to a semi-serious game, and was kind of worried it would be too Roller Coaster Tycoon cutesy (which is GREAT for that setting but would be out of place here). But as a game it actually works pretty well and it's amazing how into it you can get watching your prison run. It's a really fascinating game that manages to be fun but also give the smallest odd insight into prison life. There's a good variety of settings. The escape mode is a laugh too, though I think it's better in a downloaded prison by someone else than using your own because you know your own prison's weaknesses TOO well.There have been times I've found certain control elements slightly frustrating, or wondered ""why is this happening"", but there is basically always a logical explanation that makes sense once you find it. It's just that Prison Architect doesn't hold your hand as much as we've all become accustomed to in the last 15 years of mostly challenge-less gaming. Pretty much everything has a logical explanation, it's just not a game with flashing arrows saying WIN BUTTON HERE STUPID.Also, it's nice to see a game that was actually in Early Access at one point that (1) wasn't a blatant scam or (2) was bought by 14 people and a dog in the Ukraine that has been abandonware for 14 months. A real, honest to goodness development success story that is still getting updates.I've enjoyed games in the past like SimCity, Civilization, Tropico 4, Roller Coaster Tycoon 1 & 2, and I think if that's anywhere in your wheelhouse you really can get a lot out of this game. It's a unique setting executed well, and one of those games you'll go ""well this is okay"" then look up and realize it's 5 hours later."
76561198160425428,Recommended,233450,32564343,Posted: 19 June,all,HuntersNova,"This game is addictive as anything. A tycoon game with options to customise gameplay to suit you.Beware however the game lacks information on how to start off (there is a campaign/tutorial but screw tutorials ) I didn't realise you could change how many prisoners you got each day and ended up with like 200,000 which really screws the FPS up.I still feel like more could have been done with this game but it is still well worth the purchase."
,Recommended,233450,93178,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,iScripters,"Build your own prison and control the inmates. This game is awesome :D Has a nice comic-ish look and is far better than previous prison builders like prison tycoon. Although still in Alpha at the time of me writing this, it already gets you days of fun guaranteed.Edit: And now that it has been released for a while, it's still as awesome :D"
,Recommended,233450,21939296,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Lae ❤,10/10this game is awesome and when you are playing the game you wont even notice how long the time has pass.
76561198060487330,Recommended,233450,16577988,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Zara Malak,"Pricey for what it is but still highly recomended. It's one of those games that fits in your library nicely, to pull out on a rainy day after forgetting about it for awhile. That's not to say it isn't good, it's to say it's a game you will come back to over the years. Replayability high.Also a rare early access purchase of mine that I feel they didn't just take my money and run. Props for that, especially in this day and age. Also supported on steam workshop. That's about as good as it gets for early access games today."
,Recommended,233450,34621501,Posted: 30 August,all,LordSmashMan,"The best game out there. Addictive, creative and flawless, Could have added more things like more staff, more advanced searching system, a setup so you can auto shakedown at a curtain time of day, add more weathers, add more issues like frequent fires and so on, add more prisoner types. Make gangs more advanced, i could go on for days.Thanks for making this awesome game though.-George"
76561198046797299,Recommended,233450,18935576,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,WyeTrye,play it
,Recommended,233450,18077952,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Gobble,"Do you enjoy planning ahead? Do you enjoy thinking quickly when♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan? Do you like to creating something, notice a flaw, start from scratch and recreate it better?If yes, then this is the game for you!Controls - For the most part, you are clicking.Audio - Ambient noise is great. General 'Prison' chatter sounds realistic from an outsider perspectiveVisuals - Clean, detailed to a point you know what everything is without second guessing yourself.HUD - Easy to understand. Well organised"
,Recommended,233450,12665522,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Exavidus,"Really love this game! It's still in Alpha, but you can have loads of fun already. Build your prison, keep it save, or let them riot. It's your call! Very interesting game to play. Also fun to see how others build their prisons. If you like Simulation games and Indie games this is definately a game you should play."
76561198066804082,Recommended,233450,25720756,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,prddy,Best Game I ever played. I would spend every cent again for this game.
76561198011630234,Recommended,233450,9689196,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,DarkSight,"If u liked games like Theme Hospital in the past and you are up to the challenge to run your own Prison, then THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!"
,Recommended,233450,10232162,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Daddy,one of my  best games i have ever brought the only item i would like is a electric fence so 9.9 out of 10 (sorry for bad spelling)
,Recommended,233450,14333907,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Zherit,"Made massive prison, trapped all prisoners, fired all guards. Released prisoners... into a minefield.10/10"
,Recommended,233450,18634551,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Dinamitestick,"It has put out a great (short) campaign. The campaign felt very uplifting and rewarding. It somewhat brings forth doing good deeds for others, it pays off for both. The gameplay is great, sometimes I continuously stare at all the little people roaming about in my prison(s). I really enjoyed the output of features, and customization that can be appropriate for each prisoner's security. I have not tried Escape Mode yet, but it sounds like fun. I'm glad I purchased this during Early Access."
76561198151418223,Recommended,233450,24002857,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,OliverKris,"Love the game. If you love buildings and designing things like I do, I would highly recommened this game. Has many different ways you can build your prison the way you like it."
,Recommended,233450,25735775,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,JOrionC,"Great game, I highly recommend it."
76561198252554234,Recommended,233450,24137404,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,benicspo,IF YOU HAVE OCD YOU WILL SPEND FAR TOO MUCH TIME ON THIS GAME!!!
,Recommended,233450,28565438,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Dei,The best simulation game ever I know.. On linux of course :P
,Recommended,233450,19411785,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Hulmir,Best game i have played in a long time!Love sim building games and this game is the one with the best gameplay i have experienced to date...
,Recommended,233450,12395256,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Super Nervous Guy,"Locked a guy in solitary so long that he started dumping on the floor, and i still refuse to let him out.10/10"
,Recommended,233450,12642542,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,SiNwYrM,"I got in early and this game quickly became one of my all time favorites! Since then a dedicated development team has consistantly raised the bar of fun by adding more content, more features and more layers of flavor to an already delicious strategy/sim/builder. Amazingly addictive!"
,Recommended,233450,7416913,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Dauntless,"This game is amazing, addictive, you wont want to stop playing this game!"
,Recommended,233450,19818090,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,The Pan Lord,"This game is amazing. It has a great campaign and a fantastic sandox mode that suprised me when i saw the game in alpha 6. This game gets updated constantly and it always gets better, would recommend this to anyone that likes sandbox games. Also I found a glitch that completely breaks escape mode.10/10 would warp through wall again"
,Recommended,233450,8828716,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Tokashe,Good. Fun. Interesting.
,Recommended,233450,31243123,Posted: 19 April,all,MrFlumz,Is very funny. U can build prisons and arcitect them also. Is almost like real life i would imagine.
76561197990721844,Recommended,233450,31296467,Posted: 22 April,all,stuart,its a great game and it is totally worth the money
,Recommended,233450,18361618,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,ProjectAlicization,Early Access done right
,Recommended,233450,28818827,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Abster,A comically fun game to play!
76561198072342419,Recommended,233450,12387420,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,IcyZ,its the best ♥♥♥♥ing game in the univerise
76561198095120047,Recommended,233450,8035597,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Step3lanier,This game give the play to build what ever type of prision he /she wants with similar problems and challenges no matter what you do. Highly Recommend *****
76561198099060230,Recommended,233450,9888679,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,TheGatto,"Extremely awesome game. You should try it. It has a lot of potential in the future and is worth the buy. If you like simulation games, this is an awesome pick! Make sure to check out some guides to get you started!"
76561198139650351,Recommended,233450,27898063,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,HoboGiraffe,"A friend once casually mentioned to me that he had bought this game and enjoyed it.  ""Just check it out,"" he said.  ""It's pretty interesting,"" he said.  So, I did.In the future, I will look back and will be able to pinpoint my purchase of Prison Architect as the exact moment that I first ruined my chances of ever having a social life again.Every time I load it up now I flip flop between elated and horrified at what I am spending countless hours building: do I feel like being a fierce and supremely hard-handed dictator who controls every movement, or a benevolent leader who encourages personal growth and education towards a better society?  Thankfully this game allows you to play this game however you want on the scale of Worst-Person-Ever to Basically-an-Angel (sometimes even both in the same prison), and still considers you playing the game properly.Playing a sandbox game gives you the absolute freedom of doing basically whatever you want but it is in the campaign that the game really shines.  The story is harrowing, emotion-driven and, for the first time in a long time, I have actually felt guilty about accidently killing an NPC.I cannot recommend this game enough and if you haven't played it yet, well... just check it out.  It's pretty interesting."
,Recommended,233450,13532063,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Milkman,K9 Simulator 2014 11/10 Would pet again
76561198200927427,Recommended,233450,23757492,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,JerichoPapaDelta,It's a great game with appeal to those that like to fail and try again.
,Recommended,233450,23753877,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Incentive,Fun game overall. Love the mechanics within the game. It was worth every cent I had. Definitely for those who love tycoon games.
,Recommended,233450,7835505,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Morph,A wonderfully entertaining simulation; like your very own ant colony... of nefarius murderers!
,Recommended,233450,1112755,"Posted: 11 June, 2013",all,Euly,"If you like Tycoon style games, you'll like this. Even in its alpha stage, the game is highly addicting."
76561197994307427,Recommended,233450,8412182,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Knowledge,Hands down most promissing builder i've played!
,Recommended,233450,21931639,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Coolguy425,>builds prison with 116 prisoners eagerly waiting to enter>they rush into the canteena to eat the best food ever>i then make all the guards go outside of the cafeteria and stop the cooks from making food>prisoners then riot and start killing eachother>one man walks out while the canteen is on fire>this man is named kevin>he has a knife>kills all the guards and kills me (the warden)10/10 would create modern gladiator again.
76561198113463811,Not Recommended,233450,32083672,Posted: 31 May,all,chughe17,"Man I want to love this game.  When it works, it's excellent! unfortuantely, there is  a bug that makes this game so frustrating to play.After playing the game for some time, the workers will stop doing anything and jobs are marked as ""too dangerous."" I have tried to fix this issue time and time again, but it requires a reload of the game-which becomes cumbersome to say the least.Every community page says that the issue is because of a violent event, but there have been no injuries or deaths in my prison for 5 straight days.  I am up to reloading my save every 3-5 minutes.  As more prisoners are housed, this problem happens more often.Until this is fixed, its a deal breaker for me. Hopefully an update will help with this, but it is unlikely."
76561198099822911,Recommended,233450,32912202,Posted: 27 June,all,Ay7,A good game to practice your design skills and if you plan to handle prison in the future :P. Overall a good game and worth it.!!!!
,Recommended,233450,9885851,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,MonoclePig,very very very good
,Recommended,233450,7807508,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Fat Gregory,This is an amazing game
,Recommended,233450,26947799,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TehGoat,"I don't remember why I bought this, but I sure as hell remember why I uninstalled it.I just couldn't stop playing!Simple, effective, incredibly fun.(I'm only reviewing for the badge, don't judge me)"
76561198171491719,Recommended,233450,31065202,Posted: 10 April,all,Smitty,"I've loved this game. But something went wrong to where I can't get prisoners to go to the canteen. Even when I use the Micromanaging tool they still won't go and the canteen will still say ""no prisoners are assigned to eat here"" I will go back to loving this game if this bug gets fixed!"
,Recommended,233450,8578431,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Elusivewater,It's more like Shawshank - The game.
76561198002976162,Recommended,233450,29621922,Posted: 31 January,all,Ap0llye0n,love the art style and suprisingly has alot of depth to this little game.if u love sandbox and building/management games its a must buy
76561198185806529,Recommended,233450,24054067,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,luis,step 1: make a worldstep 2: build stuffstep 3: find hilarious looking prisioners and take screenshots of themstep 4: photoshop said hilarious looking prisoners onto the mona lisastep 5: send pictures to everyone you knowstep 6: recieve pictures of your face photoshopped onto the mona lisastep 7: ???step 8: profit.11/10 would recommend to a friend.
76561198158578741,Recommended,233450,18394900,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Alice,I remember when I were like 10 and I watched lets play prison architect videos from youtube. :DAnd now I can play it myself. I Just love this game
76561198013828423,Recommended,233450,25967552,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,[VA] Mannjaco,"You need this in your folder, for sure.No, really - go buy it - you won't regret it."
,Recommended,233450,13489737,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,PaininzA55,"Holy crap. I can't beleive I just spent 5 hrs playing that. For an alpha game, I am amazed. Only ran into one problem with remote doors and a charlie foxtrot of my workers, they all bunched up right by the door (50+) and no one was able to take down the door. I booted to the auto save (every 10 mins) and all was good in the world. Only crashed once. Great game play otherwise."
76561197996670370,Recommended,233450,13493450,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,MeatRocket8,Allows me to virtually act out my power fantasies of enslaving helpless groups of men
76561198149745853,Recommended,233450,13494206,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,jacobhanks,A amazing game
,Recommended,233450,20258369,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,STARX,"Игрушка в самом деле дает почувствовать себя скорее ""Богом тюрьмы"", нежели ее начальником. Тут нужно учитывать все - расположение камер, металлодетектеров и кабинетов, настроения заключенных, область покрытия тюрьмы камерами видеонаблюдения и даже усталость персонала. В противном случае - ожидайте скорого побега. Данное творение обладает всеми достоинствами нынешних инди-песочниц, особенно - прятное глазу двухмерное оформление и удобный интерфейс. За игрой можно посидеть с чашечкой чая и без нервов - наличие режима бесконечных денег или игры за самих заключенных этому способствуют. Определнно рекомендую к игре!"
76561198279480202,Recommended,233450,24034104,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,The Fiji God,#Amazing im amazing at the game 3 riots a week and over 20 deaths per riot maybe more defenly not less
,Recommended,233450,24032612,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,robo62301,"I absolutely LOVE this game! I played for six hours straight, and did not want to quit. Good job devs!"
,Recommended,233450,8157219,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Topperfalkon,"The first question you should ask yourself is: ""Do I like prisons?""Well, ok maybe not quite, but if you like the idea of simulating what running a prison made in the style of Alcatraz might be like, then you can't go far wrong with Prison Architect.Whilst the game is still in Early Access I still find it incredibly engrossing and a great game to waste many hours on striving for an ever more efficient prison. If you decide to grant yourself virtually unlimited money (yeah, ok thatischeating, but so what?) then the game becomes a pure prison design simulator, but if you leave it the way it is you're left facing the difficult choice between keeping the prisoners happy and safe and keeping the prison's books level. To that end there's several grants available for completing certain facillities, as well as a potential for constant income from labouring prisoners in the workshops.As for the style of the game, it goes for a fairly friendly looking soft cartoon style for the assets and the people. Each prisoner has their own story (some contributed by Kickstarter and Early Access backers) as well as a family that'll want to visit them from time to time. The sound effects mimic the sort of noises you'd expect from a functioning prison: shouting prisoners, slamming doors, emergency sirens, noises from the utilities, etc. All of which change in intensity depending on how dangerous things are getting in your prison.Prison Architect fits in quite well amongst the other games in Introversions catalogue. Uplink, their first game, was for all intents a hacking simulator. Defcon was a ""Global Thermonuclear Warfare"" simulator. Darwinia was a... well, that was more of a RTS really. But all of them were fairly small games in terms  of scope but had a very distinct and striking aesthetic that matched the game well, as well as good solid gameplay that would retain its value in subsequent gaming sessions. Whilst the road to Prison Architect has certainly been rocky for them, I'm very happy with the game they've turned out this time.But I'm still waiting for Subversion guys, you're going to have to make it someday!"
,Recommended,233450,17254820,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Classy Thatguyinthecorner,Called in the Riot police to sort out a situation and 6 tables holding scissors drove down the road in a large screwdriver.10/10 would break textures again
,Recommended,233450,32883085,Posted: 27 June,all,bad vibes ☻,Build and Manage A Maximum Security Prison
76561198021706229,Recommended,233450,25826796,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Pineapple Jack,Great game. Lots of fun.
,Recommended,233450,7793352,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Diara,"A great game, it is by any means not completed but the graphics look nice and clean. The managment part is fun and Introversion finally got it right to make an very enjoyable game.I really do hope this game will grow even bigger Prison Architect is so promising!"
,Recommended,233450,21348637,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,◟Epicness◝,"Great game if your into management!I really like prison architect.Especailly due to the wide variety of mods avalible, Heck I atleast have 10 mods.This game is really complex ,you have to get utilities up and manage walk times to locations.Theres events to keep you occupied and there is many differant ways to design a prison, Work camp or reform heaven.? Its really nice to see your prison that was build succeed and flourish.Monthly updates are great ,it shows that the devs care. Also very addictingThe bad part is that the FPS is on the low end due to multithreading issues.Preformance gets really low when the prisoner count is above 500+ ,even on beasty machines.Any prison with 1000+ prisoners is basically unplayable , not even with the best machines.EDIT:Preformance issues are a bit more tame now, 1000 prisoners still brings horrid fps though.TLDR: Get it on sale, if you are picky about fps then maybe not.rating 7/10"
,Recommended,233450,12340998,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Boss Kemp,Great game. Will likely be even better on full release!
,Recommended,233450,12269788,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Richard the Lion Heart,"I've been with this game since the single digits Alpha and it has been a fun ride with all the features they have added since. It definitely makes you think, and its entertaining to watch your creation in action. One of the best of it's kind."
,Recommended,233450,12332267,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,OJ Simpson,"This is an amazing game, had me hooked for hours.Although the updates are far between, they are totally worth it. They are adding cool and amazing new things to this game. This game has a strong steam workshop community which produces awesome mods. This is a good game that will keep you entertained. I rate 7/10"
76561198025138521,Recommended,233450,12406997,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,MrBsMn,"If you are into managment games, and don't mind not having a narrative to follow (as of the Alpha) You will enjoy it greatly. The Modding community is growing very quickly too which is a plus.Also, It is updated every month. The devs are making huge strides, and seem to be fully involved with this game."
,Recommended,233450,14363135,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Should_Uninstall,1) try to make a good prison2) Have riots out the♥♥♥♥♥3) Make death camp4) ????5)♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,233450,9987032,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,The Twat that is Matt,"Even though its only in alpha this is a great and addictive game. Btw the minimum requirements for mac for this game are wrong, playing smooth as silk on 2007-08 Macbook Pro running mavericks."
,Recommended,233450,1669696,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Humanista,"This game is addictive and fun, it has the potential for micromanagement and great ai, nice alpha investment."
,Recommended,233450,12395281,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Sloopman,"A great example of Early Access done right. The game is buggy and unfinished, but is still very fun and enjoyable as is. The devs are very commited and release monthly updates. I absolutely recommend this."
76561198071822204,Recommended,233450,12399666,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Curtis-L,"Fantastic game with super easy tutorials, easy to manage controls (the mouse is all you need TBH). Must buy for sim style game fanatics."
76561198047120780,Recommended,233450,9066978,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Dwayne,this game is cooooooooooooo
,Recommended,233450,9038458,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Portfirebird,"This is one of my favorite games right now. It's incredibly inventive and fun to play. The developers release a new version with updates, fixes, and new features about once a month and have been consistently updating since the game first came out. I love all aspects of this game and it's really fun to play. Even with the new updates you can continue playing the same game and the features just keep getting added on. Any bug fixes which are found are normally fixed by the next release. Highly recommend this game and two thumbs up to the developers!"
,Recommended,233450,11786801,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,HashtagFaZeOpTicXxXxScootsXxXx,"YOOOOOOO this is some next-gen Prison Simulating Rollercoaster Tycoon kind of game! It's like if rollercoasters were Zoo Tycoon, the Convicts were Giraffes and the Guards were Penguins, this is some MLGxXx420BlazeItDarudeSandstorm graphics!!!!!4/20 it was okay -IGN"
76561198124742186,Recommended,233450,9513335,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Hecko,"A very fun game!Has a supportive team behind it adding new stuff while sometimes just fixing bugs which is especially good due to a lot of developers just adding things and not fixing the game breaking bugs.And along with the Steam Workshop, you can envy those people who somehow are able to build Alcatraz ... grrr."
,Not Recommended,233450,32788677,Posted: 25 June,all,kattiwatti,"Definitely not worth the 30€. Do not buy at full price.I was looking for casual game to play but this feels like a waiting simulator. When you're not waiting for workers to build, you're waiting for more money to build with. There's no whole lot to do while you're waiting for those. I guess the campaigns were somewhat fun when it had some kind of story and objectives, but they were really short.Should mention that the game is buggy and becomes unplayable after your prison grows. It lags a bit, but biggest problems are that at some point staff starts twirling in circles not being able to do anything and if they're doing a job, the cabable staff can't do that for them and it just leaves buildings unfinished, kitchens unattended and some activities cancelled. And of course that leads to prisoners not being happy and starting riots.Sure this game has a lot of potential, but I feel like a lot of it is wasted on useless mechanics."
76561198122686859,Recommended,233450,23728920,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,TheSkagra2,"This game may seem simple from the outside, but it is a very in-depth game. Of course, if you just want to play a casual game, you can turn off these features, and still play the game."
76561197981691008,Recommended,233450,9168383,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Pootmaster General,"My Review of Prison Architect, for any of you who may find it useful :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4F5uttvpQ2wI hope it helps"
,Recommended,233450,15978700,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Pirangunter21,I thought this game is very bad than other game
,Recommended,233450,23000563,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,[F.F.F] NightLordTW,"Very nice game! I had no idea running a prison could be so challenging. As a director, you need to think about crowd control, security, money and power supply,  and much more! Luckily, its a lucrative business too"
,Recommended,233450,21539312,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,MiniManHere,Bought the game from early.1)Made a prison forgot to add a door they all escaped.2)Remade prison with doors so far so good3) expanded prison for more leathal inmates4) more inmates more guards5) Guard who slept with an inmate left doors open6) Riot broke out chef got murdered7) chef was eaten8) Ran away9) parents reported me missing10/10 rioting canabals..
,Recommended,233450,33190680,Posted: 3 July,all,ibanezboy5,i love this game. you can make any kind of prison you want and the updates keep adding new things to do
76561198236320968,Recommended,233450,17921935,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,ZE CONQUERER,"Once again this game is really good but there still needs more added.Once again I think there should be prision buyers.EX.You have got a prision sale offer.It reads ""I mr.derp of derpy derp offer the exchange of this prison for 5,000,000,000 $.I also think that there should a way that should make prisioners excerisce.EX.An exercise program it brings in a PE teacher and each prisoner requires a weight bench advanced.P.S. prisioners that complete this program will become strong.Also there should be more gangs.EX.The purple gang."
76561198262094454,Recommended,233450,26251868,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Dracarys,buda ii
76561198093115700,Recommended,233450,31790449,Posted: 16 May,all,wyldchlde,WARNING:OPINIONSI love this game heres why1:Prison2:Building3:Story4:Gameplay
,Recommended,233450,33722887,Posted: 22 July,all,BetaTekt,"I've spent quite a bit of time playing this game. Thus, I think it is time I finally review it.Prison Architect, for those who don't know, and can't guess by the name of the game -- is a game where you build, and develop a Prison-like facility. When first starting, you're thrown in to the 'campaign' which for honesty's sake, we'll just call it a tutorial, which it is. There you will learn the basics of the game, building, plumbing, electrical work, etc. The 'campaign' does have a tiny bit of story, which I found to be quite enjoyable and help influence me to build prisons the way I do.After you've finished the tutorial, you will be thrown right into making your very own prison! There are a few different methods of building. Some people like to go for the Warlord approach, throwing your Prisoners into tiny cells with the absolute bare minimum. Or, you see people who make beautiful rehabilitation centers that help their Prisoners grow into successful members of society.All in all, I love this game. Which is why I have over 500 hours played. I would absolutely recommend this to anyone looking for a fun game."
,Recommended,233450,18224591,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Radz,"About to hit 200 hours, not a second wasted.Game is well rounded and has gone through lots of regular updates."
76561197993064847,Not Recommended,233450,32784938,Posted: 25 June,all,KoekFabriek,Console only DLC
76561198327881758,Recommended,233450,28568069,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,abadabadoo,Pope approves
,Recommended,233450,28567551,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,a guy named victoria,hell ye
76561198121414848,Recommended,233450,28003376,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Olamide,Very fun sandbox experience
,Recommended,233450,22818743,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,CUTTHROAT3108,amazing game fun to play endless of hours of fun and fun with mods.
76561198017895697,Recommended,233450,3127926,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,Marauder,"After spending many hours playing Prison Architect I would like to say I enjoy it quite alot! This game is not for someone who is not a fan of city building games. This game takes quite a bit of skill to make your prison the BEST prison. You can have the good min prisoners to normal security prisoners or take it up a notch to the most extreme killers by having max Security prisoners. Depending on how your prison is set up you might not want one ore the other type of prisoner. I made this mistake and all my Max security prisoners went on a rampage killing guards, staff and other prisoners using not only glass shards but knifes, power tools and even poison! You should like this game if you like the Sims city builder. (making Zones, Cells, Holding Etc...)"
,Recommended,233450,18352603,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Moulson,"Bug fixes and content updates every month along with dev videos, this is a prime example of Early Access done right.It's also damned good fun, good mix of strategy and creativity."
,Recommended,233450,30626233,Posted: 19 March,all,aqa,"Creative minds make this just as good as gmod, building wise."
,Recommended,233450,12483466,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Unavailable,Name is what it is..
76561197995498901,Recommended,233450,12415512,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Lamont and the Five Cats,"My first game - Maximum security inmates.I was able to control them, only one prisoner incidents now and than.I unlocked all the skill trees.I am making thousands a day with <50 prisoners after payroll.It seems a bit easy at this point, or maybe I'm just REALLY good at strategy my first games.EDIT NOVEMBER 24 2015211: keep them doors locked or they gon find u"
,Recommended,233450,19192395,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,BromTeque,Still a little buggy
,Recommended,233450,31796340,Posted: 16 May,all,jessica123459,Love playing this :)
,Recommended,233450,28408890,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,TurbulentWinds,"Prison Architect is an amazing simulation game. It has many levels of functionality and modes of gameplay plus an easy to use modding system. This makes it easily one of my favorite games of all time. There are no bugs that I have encountered yet and it runs very smoothly. I would recommend you buy this game, but I advise you to consider the Humble bundle as it gives all of the developer's games for only 5 dollars more.Enjoyment - 95/100Replayability - 100/100Community - 100/100Graphics - 85/100Developers - 100/100Pricing - 95/100Finished Product - 100/100Grand Total - 96/100"
,Recommended,233450,9998533,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,TheRagingAquariu,i screwed my prison up. rioting. guards dead. great game. it's got dawgs as well....'nuff said.
,Recommended,233450,15477248,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Teethdude,Absolutely the best prison game i've ever played.
,Recommended,233450,15910626,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Varitas,Prison Architect is a management game that puts you in the drivers seat of being a prison warden and an architect at the same time. This dynamic makes for a fun and enjoyable building and management game. Features are constantly being added by the developers every four weeks or so. The game has come a long way since it was first crowd funded back in 2012. I cant wait for the next updates into this fun and enjoyable game.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLriOn0CjiP3qKUF59N1Xf_AytMf1HJFnH
,Recommended,233450,16449468,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Cromulons,"Breaking News!IronBar Prison's church on fire!Early this morning, some prisoners were arguing inside the church about real religion, a few minutes later, 15 prisoners are dead, 1 priest is dead, 4 fireman are dead 3 guards are dead, and half of the prison is on fire.10/10picture of the aftermathhttp://i.imgur.com/DzulVOC.jpg"
,Recommended,233450,16893426,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Hawkeye,"Witty, Fun, Extremely entertaining. Another game that briliantly brings the idea of sandbox do it yourself prisons into the spotlight. You build the prison to whatever you want. do you want to run a gulag? you can. Do you want to run a rehab prison? you can. want to build a huge elaborate prison that only holds one prisoner? you can.everything you do will impact the future so planning is everything and that is the beauty of this game. it makes you think, while at the same time anyone can pick it up and play it. Devilishly smart prisoners do everything to try and thwart you and your prison so their is hardly a dull moment in the game.Developers are independant and are more than happy to listen to the community who plays their games.12/10 a deeply thought out and well built game. well worth the price. if you expect a hour for every dollar you pay. expect to only pay pennies for each of the hundreds of hours your going to pour into it!"
,Recommended,233450,14353146,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Timblegoorn,"Make sure not to build a prison like the one from Walking Dead Season 3. Bad things happen.--On a more serious note,Despite it being in early access, this game feels completed. The little blob-men run around the prison you create. Hardly any bugs so far that I've found after 18 hours. Updates are still coming out. Very addictive game, it's basically a tycoon game with a few differences. The differences being that there can be fighting and you must stop the fighting through a riot squad or some guards.Your prisoners can overdose, they can attempt to escape through the sewer, they will be rowdy and get into fights for seemingly little reasons. Takes a while to get a hang of things. The graphics are nice, fitting for the theme, could be better when you zoom in. Soundtrack is yet to be released, I assume when the game exits early acess.Pros:+Nice graphics and overall theme feeling+Sound effects are good and follow what is happening. E.G if there's a fight you can hear it, if building you'll hear jack hammers and drills. Mixes together well.+Extremely addictive+Feels finished+Things work smoothly, most things are automated and the AI is pretty goodCons:-Very minor bugs-No soundtrack yet-Somewhat poor pathfinding at timesHighly recommend for those that enjoy tycoon/sims/micromanaging games. Or those that just like to burn things or see bloody fights.If I could give suggestions to the devs, I'd ask for more micromanagement, meaning that you can assign prisoners to certain work areas, showers, and yards.Anyways, overall great game. I have yet to find any gamebreaking bugs. Great job so far to the devs!"
,Recommended,233450,14408911,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Dan,"This game is by far one of the best Early Access games I've ever played. It is extremely well-made considering it's in Alpha stages of development - there are minor bugs here and there, but certainly no major game-crashing bugs. The concept sounds boring at first, but surprisingly, it's quite addictive to play.For me, it doesn't matter how challenging the game becomes, because at the end of the day, it's a great game, and is my best spend so far. Definitely recommend."
76561198009423595,Recommended,233450,15495133,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,PineyCreek,"Prison Architect is not a game I play all the time, but one I never uninstall because it is a solid game and doesn't take up too much hard drive space. It's like a loyal dog who is always my friend and loves me and that makes me love it back and play with it.Prison Architect is an FPS zombie horde mode game... what do you think it is? It's in the title, you design a prison and operate it. It makes me think of Rimworld, but I think this game might have come first, I recall the devs saying they've been working on it for over five years. At this time, April 2015, they are on Alpha 31. This is not a dev team that abandons you. Every month they introduce a new update and that update is usually introduces a big mechanic, I think the most recent one introduced the death row inmate system and a lot of their recent updates have been about the reform nature and the patrol system.You build a prison and try to make it dificult to escape, but you also have to make it reasonably comfortable so you inmates don't start a riot and burn it to the ground (a thing they literally can do!). For every death or escape you will be punished so you have to make a safe prison and since they now have inmates that are snitches or ex-police officers you have to be concerned about prisoners who need extra protection, not to mention the high risk inmates who are both violent and short tempered.And you have to do all that while trying to make your prison profitable.I stopped playing around A24 or A25 when I found the profit system too hard, but somewhere along the line the devs have hugely improved that system and after watching some recent lets plays I started playing it again. Now they have the reception area for taking new prisoners where they are strip searched like in a real prison, they have a library (which can be used to smuggle in weapons via the book deliveries), they have a place of worship which seems to be none specific religion (it looks like a church set up, but then I have a Buddist monk lead the service), and so much more.Check out a lets play, there are many, if you're on the fence. Make sure it's the current version (LP'ers are usually good about saying what version they're using and again at the time I'm typing it April 2015 it's Alpha 31). But I have fun withit and I've never regretted buying it or supporting this dev team."
,Recommended,233450,18355975,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Killnetic,"You have played nothing like this before. Prison architect is the creation of a small team with dedication to game mechanics and ideas. The graphics are simple but the implementation of the game concept is extensive which is delightful. You probably missed a handful of great simulation bugs if you are reading this which is too bad because you could have had a rogue K9 unit without a handler roaming your prison eating prisoners in their sleep. Alas, you will have to settle for a great time figuring out how to keep unruly prisoners from bouncing around and punching their toilets. Absolutely worth your time!"
,Recommended,233450,34025242,Posted: 4 August,all,An Innocent Corpse,"Interesting game got this from a steam sale and liked it instantly.My favorite features are the sandbox prison building, the mods, and escape mode.My favorite prison game that i have seen."
,Recommended,233450,8373803,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,SAM,I dare you to try this out!
,Recommended,233450,8324896,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Good Chili?,awsome game its so detailed a little tricky at first but once you get it down its awsome
76561198059958609,Recommended,233450,8593670,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Mstranded,Super fun game. Gets better and better with everyupdate.
76561198016692638,Recommended,233450,25450770,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Osteichthyes,"Prison Architect is one of those games that is more complicated and involved than would be thought of intially. At the time of this review there has been a lot of content added since early access, which could have passed for a full game (minus some major and now patched out bugs).For anyone new, there will definitely be a learning curve, and I don't recommend turning on any additional options such as events or gangs as these add another level of complexity. Once you understand how to operate a basic prison then you can start again with these options for a more in depth experience.Now, to quickly breakdown the game.Gameplay:You start with a handful of workers and an amount of money that you will use to build your foundations. If you want to, you can pause the game and plan out your prison which can really help fleshing out your prison. One thing that will be apparent quickly is that you will need more money. To get more money in the early game there are ""Grants"" that often give an advance and give more upon completion. These are your friend. Use them.One thing you will need to understand quickly is how to build an effective prison. Walkways will often cause traffic issues if they are too small, but making them too large is a lot of expensive wasted space. Kitchens and Canteens will only really be able to accomidate a limited number of people, cells are stupidly expensive (but built well will save you so much trouble), the power grid will be overloaded if you run too much of one generattor, and other such things. This adds to the challenge as it is expensive to rectify mistakes.It will be your job to build facilities to keep your prisoners alive and healthy, turn a profit, and most importantly, keep them inside the prison. THey will try and escape.Speaking of which, there is a mode where you can play as a prisoner within your prison and attempt to escape, allowing you to find holes within your prison, though the computer doesn't do the greatest job at trying to stop you.The worst part about the gameplay is the sheer amount of contraband that seems to always be brought in despite your best effort, but even this isn't more a nuisance at best (as long as you keep up on it). Another issue is the amount of people that the game can process before the framerate takes a MASSIVE hit. Generally this is around 600 (prisoners and staff), which is a fair amount, but it exists none-the-less.Also, Snitches exist, and try as you might, they will die. This will cause you headaches as there is a bonus to keeping your prison incident free for extended periods of time, though this makes it so that you cannot rest on your laurels and must strive to improve. Any other feature is purely subjective.Another major aspect is the management. You will set policies, organise rosters and patrols for guards, set the schedules for prisoners, get prisoners to do programs, and generally make sure that everything is running smoothly. It sounds daunting but when you get accustomed it will be very intuitve (though at times some of the programs will not fill up when it seems that they should).Graphics:The graphics style is a very simple 2-D topdown style with the absolute basic animations. This is actually a really strong point as it allows for the player to be able to track what is going on.Audio:Basic sounds are in the game and they do the job nicely. This game is truly best when you put on your own music and just enjoy the experience.TL;DROverall:This game is a great mannagement/builder game with a lot of interesting aspects. Any shortcomings are often by choice and exist to add to the complexity without overloading the player. There is a great level of complexity and options that can keep the game fresh. There is a learning curve, but those who persist will find a great level of enjoyment."
76561198035663830,Recommended,233450,8686575,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Greypawz,"Good game, nice gameplay and graphics, but can leave you depressed when some prisoners escape :(.  Patience is a key factor in this game."
76561198007231004,Recommended,233450,17272003,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Zupz in da house,"Some bugs but decent gameplay. So far, 8/10"
76561198036511313,Recommended,233450,9979066,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Troubled Troutsky,Being a♥♥♥♥♥♥of a prision warden has a bit of a kick to ithas a lot of good ideas in it and has great potentialfew game crashing bugs8.5/10
76561198024477913,Recommended,233450,9392527,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,A Spicy Boy,10 guards dead all escaped. 10/10
76561198047255928,Recommended,233450,12106322,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Protato,This is an awesome game to play when youve got nothing else to do. It's quite relaxed however it has its moments extreme chaos all round a great game. I look forward to new updates!
76561198128975076,Recommended,233450,25254533,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Tartey boy,Awesome Game recomend geting it!!!!!!
76561198027055225,Recommended,233450,34795769,Posted: 7 September,all,Edelweiss,I can recommend this but the game needs a lot of polishing so pick at sale only
76561198020760454,Recommended,233450,14426856,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Scorpio,"I can't stop intake!.....I like over population!!!!!Good Dev Team kindaFun game.9/10its still has a few bugs,one being a game killer that i know of,thats food stops comming to your prison......"
,Recommended,233450,12728026,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,thereisnoriley,One of the best games i've ever seen
76561198071421958,Recommended,233450,20064115,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,eternal jape,"Paid 50 dollars.The unfortunate next day later, I browse the store page for excitement to what I am about to play.Unfortunate I got a big, fat, 75% off tag right in front of my face just the day after I purchased the 50 dollar edition.You know?I am not upset.Original game, it's fresh.HATE the meme games or the world?Hop onto prison architect! :DTHANK YOU DEVELOPERS FOR GIVING ME HOPE IN VIDEO GAMES. :D"
,Recommended,233450,14379904,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,TrustedCharl,"Probably one of the best games I have on steam and I've got 110 games on steam to choose from. This has to be hands down one of the best tycoons there is on steam, reminds me of the classics like theme hospital and others.Very good for an alpha and a lot of gameplay mechanics and depth already at this stage and loving the name a prisoner payment option too, keep up the good work I'll be rooting for you guys through beta and beyond."
76561198131854582,Recommended,233450,24054140,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Km,"I bought this game on summer sale so i payed 6,99 euros for it. I really like it beacouse you have a lot of options what you can do with your prison and I like the escape mod where you can escape from your own prison. I personally think that the game is worth the full price but i recomend to buy it on sales."
76561198169131721,Recommended,233450,23591801,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Maximus Keksimus Meridius,My best snitch snitched out on himself and died afterwards.420/69 would build Auschwitz or a Deluxe Hotel again
,Recommended,233450,20813072,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Lantea,"Flash Review:Really good prison building simulator. The guys at Introversion have done a great job and they are still continuing to update the game, fixing bugs and adding features. Just watch some of their update videos and you will want to buy the game, not just because its a great game but because they are doing an excellent job at it.One of the really cool features is when you buy the Name in Game version and you are able to put a prisoner you created into the game.There is a lot more to it; with ton of other stuff and features that I could mention, but if you are even remotely interested in building your own prison, this is definitely the game to get."
,Recommended,233450,33162808,Posted: 2 July,all,storaGe 👿,pretty good game.
,Recommended,233450,21518097,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Dranged,"★★★★★★★★☆☆8/10My first original prison, the prisoners showed up, murdered my warden and left through an opening in the wall.It took me a long time to get the hang of this game, the tutorial is poor so prepare to have the wiki at your side. I hung onto it for a long time before I actually really tried to get the hang of it with the wiki.But all in all after 60+ hours  I can say this is a fantastic game and can be very challenging, yet there is a few options to lesson the pain of starting your first prison, once you get the hang of it it's a blast."
,Not Recommended,233450,24146245,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Rev,"I really wanted to like this game, and I think it has a lot of potential but right now it is really buggy.Workers will build NEXT to where they are supposed to build as well as where they are told, creating things that then need to be demolished (wasting money) or dismantled. Also, when selecting some things to build rather than show the object (so you can rotate and place it properly) all it shows is the green semi transparent square. How am I supposed to build when I cant even tell the direction of the thing I am building?Hopefully these issues are dealt with, because this game seems like a lot of fun... if it would work."
,Recommended,233450,24077613,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,STORSTAD,"Pro+Deep simulation+Excellent sandbox+Full of personality+Workshop supportCon-Poor introduction-Gimmicky extra modes-Certain sprites are misaligned9.5/10, Amazing."
,Recommended,233450,13170298,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,milk,10/10
,Recommended,233450,23391874,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,DogBoyGenius,Mattia sucks and is mean and  was a freak that talked to me in 7th grade gym calss aasaaghhhhh!
76561198010744793,Recommended,233450,12739218,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Sir Cluff Halbarté,"Fun, Complex, Immersive, FIRE!!! Why would you ever need anything else? Prison architect is one of the better survival management games with a twist. In most games you build defences to keep the enemies out. Well guess what, if you do that here you're insane. Prison architect is a game about keeping the enemies locked up while being well fed so that your raiders in other games have reason to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at YOU, the player =P"
,Recommended,233450,14740882,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Crowson-Gaming,Bought it so i could see shower♥♥♥♥♥♥..no shower♥♥♥♥♥♥but naked people :) 10/10 would fap again
,Recommended,233450,9901162,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Campbell,"If you think you are going to like this game, you probably will! Prison Architect is pretty much exactly what it sounds like it is going to be. It's a prison simulation game where you manage a prison. But it does that very well!There are different ways to play but in one way you get a certain number of minimum, normal, and maximum security prisoners dropped off every day. You need to make room in your prison for these guys, you need to keep them happy, and you need to make sure they don't run away or kill each other.To start off you can either build a large holding cell or smaller individualized cells (the individual cells are much more expensive but it keeps the prisoners happier). Each prisoner has needs like the need to shower, to eat, to sleep, to go out to the yard, to talk to their family, etc. You can see these stats on a per prisoner basis or as an overall stat at the top of your screen. The more unhappy your prisoners are the more likely they are to try to escape, to cause a riot, to kill people, etc.The other thing you need to keep in mind is money. You are running a for-profit prison after all. You can get money from grants at the start of the game (they are kind of like mini quests where you get half the money up-front and the other half once you complete the objective) and you also get money depending on the number of prisoners you have. You spend money every day on things like food, guards, other staff members, etc. You can hire less staff members or reduce the quality of the food but there are risks to doing those things.(the finance System is better now)"
,Recommended,233450,9633950,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Emjay,"Definately recommend this title.Its the best early access game out there (that I have tried) simply due to the fact that every month you will have an update. The team are keeping this game up-to-date and fresh which is a lot more than most early access titles can boast.Its also bloody fun and you can be sure each month due to the content addition that comes with the monthly patch you will be returning for at the very least a couple of hours.Great game, well worth investing in if you like the genre."
,Recommended,233450,18420222,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,CrazyWillY ezskinz.org,"This game is a really nice one to play if you are bored of your other games, it's a nice game for someone, who likes to build up something and manage a Prison, like the name says it's about building up a prison and managing to get money and keep your prisoners in the Jail!"
76561198158410078,Recommended,233450,13638763,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Microsoft Comfort Optical Mouse,good game positive bout its future
,Recommended,233450,13644772,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,pittman789 (Not Dead),10/10 don't drop the soap
76561198009064746,Recommended,233450,25514980,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,DJSamedi,Like city builders? Buy this game.Like Tycoon-style games? Buy this game.Like RTS games? Buy this game.Look at my play time. Now look at the price. LOOK AT IT.Buy this game.
,Recommended,233450,13752492,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,𝚗𝚘𝚌,"Prison Architect (PA) is a brilliant village management / logistics game with unique game mechanics and an intuitive user interface. A new patch comes out at the end of each month which is accompanied by a humorous and informative YouTube video. The game feels rather polished at this point, though a few bugs persist and some systems could use expansion.There is a moderate learning curve, but grants (PA’s quest system) point you in the right direction in the early- to mid-game. You can select the order to attempt them (somewhat) and they don’t ever expire, though you can only have 2 or 3 at a time so it’s wise to plan ahead. The menus are easy to navigate and there are several overlays for displaying different types of information. You can pause and accelerate time freely, allowing contemplative or frantic gameplay as the player wishes.Prison layouts are quite malleable due to clear visual cues which make it simple to understand where the bottlenecks in your system are and correct them. Entirely redesigning sections of your prison is easy and enjoyable to accomplish. I’m not saying it’s a simple game; on the contrary, setting up a successful & profitable prison which is able to reply to situations automatically is quite difficult and rewarding.The logistics element is very robust. Many types of things arrive or leave via truck and need to be moved around your prison (e.g. prisoners, food, exports, garbage, laundry, etc.) and streamlining these processes is engaging and fun. However, there are some types of things that workers can pull out of their pockets, which is a minor quip that I hope will eventually change. Once you have several hundred prisoners distributed between the three security types (min, med and max), creating separate regimes so that they can utilize your facilities at different times is an interesting and fun challenge. Simply watching your prisoners and staff go about their daily business is engrossing and highly enjoyable."
,Recommended,233450,26549851,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,HonorableSEO,It's an interesting game for sure. Something new in the realm of building and economic strategy.
76561198050418033,Recommended,233450,12851609,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Rick,"Awesome game! It is some bugs but for me it doesent do any effect on my gameplay though is alpha, Great game!"
76561198004544816,Recommended,233450,10140623,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Zombie_Freak115(TheRetroGamer),The game is awsome. Cant say any more P:
,Recommended,233450,8248517,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,cyborgmarxism,This is awesome.
,Recommended,233450,8860064,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Sava_Heron,Awesome
,Recommended,233450,8352397,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,(TTT)Shrek296,Very good game lots of fun and new things added every month.
76561198085187924,Recommended,233450,8432705,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,liamrowe15,"Brilliant game, poses you with unique problems all the time, its always interesting"
,Recommended,233450,12770592,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Psiursus,Even in early access this game plays as though it was already complete. There are a few bugs but nothing devistating that stops you from playing. I love the backstory on each individual character and the absolute power i'm given over their lives :D
76561197976422877,Recommended,233450,18268268,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Poor Fucking Infantry,"Build a shower with generators inside and armed guards on perimeterBrought in 1000 prisoners of all classes.Send them to the shower and lock the door.Watch them burn and shoot whoever tries to run through the collapsed walls.CEO warns you about how you will get fired if more casualty happens in the next 24 hrs.Cool, I will just do it again in the 25th hour.Concentration Camp Architect sure is good for business."
76561198167770634,Recommended,233450,18358515,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Monkey Nutz,I have never felt the need to write a review but this game compelled me. I may not have many hours but those hours were amazing. The game is extremely in depth and they have every detail down to a tee. I would give this game 10/10
,Recommended,233450,8341360,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,"kitty ""6c"" du30",Fun game but if something bad happens you will be forced to make a new prison
76561198025006913,Recommended,233450,29825761,Posted: 10 February,all,Nocturne,Like the sims but with hundreds of prisoners who can mess up all your evil plans.
,Recommended,233450,32164260,Posted: 3 June,all,Commandant,"Awesome game, I just can't play it."
,Recommended,233450,9970349,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,DANG.,"Updates are good, the controls and interface keep improving. Really promising Early Access Game.Perfect for when you want to rehabilitate mass-murderers or brutalize comically fat shoplifters."
,Not Recommended,233450,32511253,Posted: 17 June,all,Uu_U,No to exclusive DLC (only available to consoles)
,Recommended,233450,19266485,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,arthztv | gamdom.com,"Went on a rampage, killing over 30 guards, prisoners, staff, innocent families, burnt half of the prison downGot 24 hours in a solitary as a punishment10/10 best prison simulator out there.Just love it."
,Recommended,233450,25285549,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Jae eun,"Definitely a game i would recommend!graphics are 9/10give a kind of classic vibe.gameplay is 9/10you can be serious and build a bigass prison or just ♥♥♥♥ about.price 8/10 great rpice when on sale, but £20 is ehh.mods are 9/10 this game has a great modding community, with so much postive energy.i've been playing this since about alpha 0.7 and to see how far it has come is really great.goes to show that there are still companys that care about the enjoyment for their players at a reasonable price"
76561198028839973,Recommended,233450,34057975,Posted: 6 August,all,Tom,Only a small amount of prisoners are black. Not realistic enough.
76561198024786501,Recommended,233450,28533105,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,GamerPro,I like the game. Bhought it 1 week ago and now its for -75% :( always hate to see that.
76561198119674779,Recommended,233450,15247521,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Opuler,very good game you shoud get it ;)
,Recommended,233450,16871415,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Slaave,What happend when a new update rolls out.-Started new prison in update Alpha 34.-Gangs are introduced into the game.-All goes well in prison until a new gang arives.-They manage to steal spatula from kitchen.-Take said spatula and then procede to stab my Warden.-Upon inspection of gangs member who were involved find out that it was ISIS who killed my Warden.
76561198051894235,Recommended,233450,16573404,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,DJ Killa,"A riot broke out because i made the food healthier, Would add more carrots again 10/10"
,Recommended,233450,18790139,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,mnlangdon,MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING
,Recommended,233450,18353065,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,LukaS,"5/5, Was the best Early access game I've came across. But for now... ALL ABOARD THE V.1 HYPE TRAIN"
76561198069843285,Recommended,233450,18353828,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Lostagent2,"Fantastic game, I've spent hundreds of hours playing and I kept coming back!"
76561198125731883,Recommended,233450,14982079,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Classified,Now do you want to shove a gun up some guards♥♥♥♥♥ and tell him to kill all thouse guys in the gym.Do you want to make a new shawshank or HMP Irongate.Do you want to be a movie star and try to be hero and save the day by sending in one armor-erd guard with a shotgun into a room of rioting in-mates.Do you want to build a Prison?
,Recommended,233450,14120907,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,westham88,Most people should buy this in order to know how to break out of their future homes. Def worth it =)
76561198298186670,Recommended,233450,33505375,Posted: 13 July,all,jnel677,I love this game so much. I play it all day.Everything works just fine.And the workshop is also greatHighly recommend.
,Recommended,233450,8681427,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,SciBear,"I told myself I was never buying another ""early access"" aka NEVER FINISHED game again after I got KSP and there wasn't a career mode.  Anyway... this is still a hell of a lot of fun, and YES the career mode is currently (1-12-14) not there.... it's still enjoyable."
,Recommended,233450,12960342,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,VeX,ABSOLOUTLY AMAZING.
76561198196158121,Recommended,233450,34873894,Posted: 10 September,all,BOT Ramen,"11/13.75No makeup, doesn't feel like Orange Is The New Black enough"
,Recommended,233450,23522882,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,The Sleepy Gamer,Prison Architect is a very fun stragtey management game. You can build prisons any way you want and try other peoples prisons. You can mod it as well  for more fun. Its a great game for the price and so many options for the type of prison you may want to build.
,Recommended,233450,18362105,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,ThereAreTwoGenders-YouAreJustSic,"This review is based on the game in development. I have yet to play the completed version, however, considering how amazing the development process was, I can safely assume this game is nothing sort of amazing.Of all the games I've ""pre-purchased"", the makers of this game by far set the gold standard. The timing of the updates; you could set your watch to. The additional features and commentary provided explaining the changes were both humous, entertaining, honest, personal and progressive. I believe they were on update 5.0 when i bought in, and the game at that point was more polished and better developed than some ""finished"" games i've played.Honestly, I'm almost sad to see this game become a finished product. It's like I have empty nest now, no longer able to watch the game grow and unfold.This game is currently at 33% off, and the cheapskate in me thinks that is a great deal. I'd even say the full price of the game is very fair.This game is a complete sandbox that will let you grow at your own pace.Graphics - clean, crisp, runs well even on lesser machines (even an ipad can take it, those pieces of garbage)Gameplay - fun, you are in complete controlReplay Value - endlessDifficulty - you can make it was easy or as hard as you want it.The ONLY thing i can think of that would make this game better was if you could have 2 players build and manage a prison at the same time... maybe they added that in the last update... maybe they will add it in a future update.... time will tell.If all pre-purchased games were like this, I would have a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton more games. Sadly this is the last 'pre-purchase' I will make (♥♥♥♥ you dirty greedy developers (not this game, other games)) and thus I can say it was the best 'pre-purchase' or 'alpha' I will ever make."
,Not Recommended,233450,34377780,Posted: 20 August,all,Zyklame,"It was fun while it was in development, but they never finnished up the game.There are a lots of bugs left and the interface needs a complete overhaul.Since these game is finished the chance of any serious bug fixes is low, i just can't recomment it."
,Recommended,233450,27983621,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ColdSteelCallum,Good Game
,Recommended,233450,28252767,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Tobey,I Just used cheats I cant review this gameNever lose / 10
,Recommended,233450,9218907,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,「SUNBOAT」,"its good! accually, its great!but even on a f*cking higher end computer theres still lag!"
,Recommended,233450,8615736,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Sweg Bucket,One of my absolutle favorite games! Of course it is pretty buggy but then again it is in alpha. I cannot wait to get my hands on the full version! So far from my point of view i give it a 10/10.some Reasons why it's bad-Buggy-Extremely aggressive prisoners (sometimes)-Not enough starting money.-For some reason it laggs on my high end PC on some of my maps.-Guards act stupid sometimes and ignore prisoners who are dead or knocked out.-The price of the game.Some reasons why it's good-Hours of fun.-Ability to create your own prison the way you want.-Small download size.- Etc...The game needs work but for it being in alpha it is on the right track. I Highly Recommend this game.
76561198031716893,Not Recommended,233450,32641331,Posted: 22 June,all,Lil' Teaspoon,"Honestly, I _would_ have recommended it, but they basically gave all the game support, bug fixes, additional patch content, as well as DLC to console even though the PC community is what brought them out of the dirt and gave them the money.They were like ""wow there's a steam workshop? let's just rely on modders to take care of our game for us! ;)""After forever [2 years] they finally gave us one small thing which was /only\ staff needs, but it bugs to all hell all the time as well as a couple other -FUNDAMENTAL- things, and even really basic things like HUD menus getting stuck.The game is fun, yeah, but wait till it goes on a super sale like Christmas when it's dirt cheap if you're gonna buy it. All they deserve is to be buried by the dirt we dug 'em out of.Honestly, I don't know how I sunk 270 hours in it. It's actually hell'a repetitive... why? Because no new content.I can't even will myself to play it anymore, the AI are boring as hell and never do anything unique or interesting - or even anything funny! It's just a monochrome game facaded by colorfully orange prison apparel and empty promises.At least they took it off of early access so that we know they're finally done with us."
76561198088260312,Not Recommended,233450,34717732,Posted: 3 September,all,Atouk,I quit playing because of annoying bugs and came back a few months later to find NEW ones...
76561198130290911,Not Recommended,233450,35189642,Posted: 24 September,all,eaharms3544,"It kills me to do this, but unfortunately I can't recommend buying this game in it's current state.  Since update 12b, many users are having a game crashing bug when saving the game, both by autosave and manual.  The more you save, the more the game crashes, and playing it has become a miserable experience.  The only work around I found was to turn off auto save and only manual save when leaving the game.  I just tried this and my game crashed randomly, losing hours of work."
,Recommended,233450,19024631,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,SunShine,"It's great, but seriously ♥♥♥♥ rubble.."
76561198001416359,Not Recommended,233450,25878259,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Monkeynutz,"There are many things I love about prison architect but ultimately it has too many bugs, even in it's campaign, to have a truly quality experience.  Far too often i was trying to figure out why doors don't open or mysteriously get stuck, why guards are getting stuck in doorways, why two different electrical grids can't interconnect but water can (seriously this was lame) etc.Plus the UI needs to be improved.  Not knowing which of the dozens of pieces of furniture will be functional when placed flush up against a wall or corner without guesswork and memorization is silly.  The duplication tool is far too restrictive to be useful.Some people can look past this and probably get lost in the redeeming features it has but I just couldn't go the distance."
76561198081224114,Recommended,233450,22879452,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,alemismun,Build♥♥♥♥♥♥.. 10/10 have my baby.
,Recommended,233450,30357751,Posted: 6 March,all,RadioTM,10/10 can play as prisoner wif knoife famu can also shanmk dem up blud
76561198135079615,Recommended,233450,34373305,Posted: 20 August,all,Fluffy™,Guys why is my friend on console have DLC and its awesome. Why do PC players like me dont have DLC when we are the once who funded it and help it be the best game on its genre. WHY!!!! We even help with the marketing by recommending it to my friends
,Not Recommended,233450,34061145,Posted: 6 August,all,IAmKnight,"I don't even think I've not recommended a game before. I love this game and all but Introversion obviously couldn't care less about the fan base. Especially those on Mac, and btw if you do have a mac you're better off just playin the game on your dodgy♥♥♥♥♥school or uni computers or even work computers that have windows (Hopefully) because every 5 minutes the game crashes and really basically Introversion has simply just bombed this one. Absolutely not worth the $30."
76561198044920433,Not Recommended,233450,25473285,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,[FL:RP] Hitman,This is a great game except for one major flaw that remains persistent a few years in and that is Cooks just do not cook.I would like and reccomend this game to friends if this issue was to be fixed.It really is a shame to see that this issue still exists given how long it has been known.
,Recommended,233450,14480174,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Brizzle,"After spending quite amount of time into this game, I can safely say that this Alpha game is no dud in the Steam Store. This game appeals to certain people, such as I, who really enjoy playing tycoon or build your own whatever type of games. Even though this game is targeted towards to certain people, I'd say anyone can get addicted to this game, even a first time player in tycoon games. With that aside, I'm going to explain the pros and cons of Prison Architect.PROS:- GANGLAND SIMULATOR- SWEATSHOP SIMULATOR- JAILBAIT SIMULATOR (NO JOKE)- RANDOM WWII GERMAN CONCENTRATION CAMP SIMULATOR- YOU IN TEN YEARS LATER IN LIFE SIMULATOR- MEN TAKE SHOWER EVERY 8AM SIMULATOR- 1992 Los Angeles, CA Riot SimulatorCONS:- YOU HAVE TO TREAT YOUR PRISONERS WITH RESPECT TO GET RICHIn conclusion, you should get get this game one day. If you're planning to, I'd reccomend you wait for a sale as the game is no where worth its base price of $30 as I got the game for $6."
,Not Recommended,233450,29896549,Posted: 13 February,all,bloðox,"Fun for a while but offers little replay value.I have more or less kept up to date with the development of this game and was quite impressed by the steady improvement the updates delivered. However, I still think it's quite pricey for what the game has to offer. I waited for a sale to buy it.Even though the game feels like something new and features plenty of well-thought-out mechanics, the big problem is that it's all aimed at one thing: creating a big, secure and profitable prison with lots of prisoners and rooms.That's why there is little room for creativity - after a (short) while you just figure out the most effective way of building and handling things and there's no reason to do it any different than in your last game. Whenever you try something new you do it knowing that you're just making it more difficult for yourself and without any in-game motivation.I've been a long time fan of Rimworld. It feels very similar in some parts but doesn't suffer from this problem of routine building up since there are more factors that you can't control and more possibilities overall, thus giving you a pretty different story each game.I would not recommend buying Prison Architect for more than 10€ (that's about 0.8€/h for me) and only if you really, really need to build a prison instead of something you can do in other simulations."
76561198037386496,Not Recommended,233450,34064387,Posted: 6 August,all,failure to communicate,game should cost about $5 USD
76561198043987666,Recommended,233450,18403338,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,pineapplesauce,This is by far the greatest prison simulation game I have ever played. Thank you for taking the time to craft a compelling narrative in the campaign. Thank you for shedding the light on the for profit prison industry and making a great game in the process.
,Recommended,233450,8801707,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,TNTreta - Take,"hours of gameplay, very good!"
76561198078365647,Not Recommended,233450,25164797,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,handsomegrape,"This used to be a good purchase, but the temperature update broke the game, and now the devs are abandoning it. Forget corrupt guards with personality, forget basketball courts. What you see is what you get. Very disappointing."
76561198133601657,Not Recommended,233450,25660062,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Shifter,The game lacks so much and gets boring after a while. Feels unfinished.
,Recommended,233450,25574555,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Yusufツ ▄︻̷̿┻̿═━,"Amazing Prison Management Game where u basically have to make and run your own prison as best as you can so ur prisoners won't start riots or kill ur guards this game is really fun and goes really indepth into the building and managing, the devs made a good job with this game! I LOVE IT!!Would highly recommend this game! :)11/10"
,Not Recommended,233450,25289827,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Forizen,"I've had the game for quite some time now, Honestly its a great game but the fact you've devolopers have given up on the game at only V2 is kinda disapointing , There is hundreds of bugs left to be fixed, and now With the new update I can't even open the game anymore without it crashing, sorry but I feel like its not even worth the £20 I paid for it..."
76561198002717012,Not Recommended,233450,34959248,Posted: 14 September,all,N3XUS12,"I really wanted to recommend this game, but there is one major game-breaking flaw which simply makes the game unplayable for me.The game is not optimised to use all of your machines power. By that, I mean even if you have a super computer this game will break once your prisoner count reaches around 5-700. The engine of the game itself simply cannot handle the amount of AI processing required. Google 'Prisoner Architect lag' and you will see my point.I've sunk a decent amount of hours into the game because building the prison from scratch is so damn fun, the mechanics of this game are excellent, but every time I have to faceth grim reality that you cannot play this for the long term. I am a gamer who likes big things, long term projects. I don't play simcity to end my playthrough when my city reaches 1000 pop. I don't play Total War to end my playthrough when I have conquered one full province. I don't play Football Manager to end my playthrough after half a season. That is how this game feels like.The fact they have a 1000 Prisoner achievement is laughable, as you cannot obtain it without downloading a steam workshop prison which already has 1k prisoners in it.The devs have ignored this issue for years. If the lag was fixed, I would reccommend this game all day long. There are ZERO other issues with it in my opinion, other than the fact that post short-term, it is simply unplayable."
76561197972752851,Not Recommended,233450,34225829,Posted: 13 August,all,Fat Murphy,"Bugs remain to go unfixed. Devs seem to have forgotten who got them to this point. Rest in peace, wont ever buy a game again made by this developer."
,Recommended,233450,13625714,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Big Boss,"This is an in-depth prison creation system. The inmates behave logically, and sometimes you have to choose between the prisoners' conditions and profit. Definitely worth checking out at least."
,Recommended,233450,9692932,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Evil-Beanie,"Best Game of Prison building, I recommend this game to everyone that likes these sort of games"
,Recommended,233450,7933984,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,The College Board,"One of the best games I've ever played, it rivals Minecraft for me. Though sometimes it has a few bugs, and i would like a mode with infinite money, and not have to use the cheat. If you already own this game and like it I'd recommend checking out Rimworld, its kinda like this, but in space. But yah, don't really have anything bad to say about this game, its a friggin masterpiece!"
76561198113707409,Recommended,233450,8398485,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Gilesss,Dis  game tho - you should get it now.... as in.... right now
76561198058141170,Recommended,233450,6057663,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,Ivan Ivanovich Ivanovski,This game is one of the best build your own whatever type game i have played in forever. I really recommend it for people like me.
76561198024491208,Recommended,233450,27743329,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nick12791,Thats a 10!
,Recommended,233450,14530200,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Cpt. Proton,Waste time like you have never wasted time before. This game is too much fun for absolutely no reason. One of my favourite simulations.
76561198097572190,Recommended,233450,15762920,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,frenchy2413,"Amazing game! From the first day I saw it and bought it, I've never been disappointed! And the constant adding and expanding that gives a new challenge with every update is what makes this game truely worth it! 10/10 Good job!"
,Recommended,233450,15672199,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,GardinerJ,"Epic! I bought it when it was £10, i don't think it's worth £20 but still a good game!"
,Recommended,233450,14392295,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Ghrale,One prisoner killed one of my armed guards with body armor!!!He is a ♥♥♥♥ing badass (has killed half of my inmates :D)13/5 would buy again
76561198121053950,Recommended,233450,16557458,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,$ DANNY MIAMI $,Great game
76561198142578820,Recommended,233450,14641444,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Fepron,I played the game for a while....got good at it.....then timmy the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.....murdered everyone.....with a dang spoon.....then I went mod crazy.....and now my prisoners can't go eight feet without getting blown up or shot.BESTGAMEEVER13 dead unicorns out of 3 giant carrots
76561198135903397,Recommended,233450,16417959,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Heezy04,"> Start building prison> concentrate on building symmetric prison cells> meanwhile unnoticed riot in holding cells> nearly all prisoners die> cells are ready and organised though> good startBought this during summer sale, yes there are still some things which need to be implemented better, but the game so far is just great. Have already played for 7.5 hours instead of studying for my exams -> no ragrets"
76561198079096218,Recommended,233450,10014747,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,yogocraft,i like the updates and its getting beter and better in evey update
,Recommended,233450,19506179,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Potato_Ghost™,"Prison Architect is one of the most in-depth, satisfying builder games.Pros : -+ Deep simulation+ Excellent sandbox+ Full of personalityCons: -- Poor introduction- Gimmicky extra modes"
,Recommended,233450,18361886,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Garfield,"It's so much fun, there isn't much replay ability but, the only replay ability is making different style prisons. but overall perfect"
76561197989181391,Recommended,233450,18364611,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Boris Yeltsin,"Excellent, Great Game.  Cannot stress this enough.  The developers have put in so much time and effort into this title, and it really shows.  Must buy."
76561198173099922,Recommended,233450,16589220,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ThisIsYourTARGET,"I don't always leave reviews for games, but when I do... I do it on games that are DAMN GOOD!!If you like tycoon, managment, building, stratgy, comedy, simulation, ect... type games. Then i can tell you right now you will love this game. Its challenging to get a prison built and working good so everyones happy. This game is simple yet detailed. There's alot of things you have to adjust and manage to get everything flowing just right.This game is very enjoyable and playable as is right now.PROS: This game has alot going for it!!!CONS: Should have bought it sooner!!!"
,Recommended,233450,8413603,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Alpaca le le,In the tutorial two people are having sex. They died.10/10.
,Recommended,233450,13695029,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Pancake_Ninja_,If this game was a curry it would be an early access Vindaloo.
76561197990740393,Recommended,233450,16378452,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,otahak,sploosh
,Recommended,233450,16559621,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Avhulon,"A good game, still in Beta so one or two bugs. overall it is great"
76561198110095683,Recommended,233450,15884783,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Best (and kawaii) Pancake Ever,eu4 standalone expansion where you can micromanage the genocides (culture conversion) you make during eu4.
,Recommended,233450,29298421,Posted: 16 January,all,PFC Haupt [29th Ret.],This game is awesome! 9.5/10 Everything someone could wish and hope for! While it was being made Devs we're very communitive and they just simply put out a kicka*s game!
76561198160400069,Recommended,233450,14328508,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,icantplaygames,sooooooooooooooooooooooo good. I love it !
,Recommended,233450,22742591,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Jack,Great sandbox building game+Constantley being updated+New things everytime i go on it+Feels smooth and easy to play+You can killl everyone in the prison :D-The guards are thick af
,Recommended,233450,10045859,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,NOQUITTER,"""your Prison Architect name in the game entry has been authorised"" yes, i am in the game, buy it. *actually a fun game if ""fun"" can be used. alpha is alpha so a few bugs here and there, but a ""fun"" time sync game. still learning the basics but i've enjoy my first few hours with this."
76561198074186060,Recommended,233450,23838149,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,kelvin,you know this game would be the best if you could build a 2nd floor or multiple floors!!!! that would be so sick and you can use more of the plots!!!!
,Recommended,233450,10573996,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Randy,"Reminds me so much of Theme Hospital that I played many years ago, such a good game and the devs keep it updated it every month which you don't see much with early access games.Worth picking up if you like these type of games as you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,233450,9980826,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,SparkleRach,This is an amazing game that just keeps getting better each monthly update! :)I recommend watching the alpha videos they posted for each update helps you understand all the different stuff
76561198027044190,Recommended,233450,15639080,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,dpunch4,This  game  is truly  amazing . No regrets .
76561198071559800,Recommended,233450,10291853,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Lord_Pravus,"Very fun simulation! Played for hours! A little cartoony and light-hearted, but it gets plenty serious once your inmates start rioting. Has a few bugs in its current stage, though it IS still an alpha."
,Recommended,233450,10541482,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Moshpie,Tremendous game! One of my favs! For a gamer that isn't normally a strategist I fell in love and became addicted to the detail and creativity put into the game. I can get creative with my designs and if one doesn't work I can create new ones. All around great game!
76561198039409216,Recommended,233450,13476613,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,timothydalton846,i lke the way the game is set  out but i dont like it when it crashes as soon as i load it and i dont like it that when the workers but the garbage on the truck it as to be on slow speed
76561198139095697,Recommended,233450,13153924,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Walter Motrin,This is a great game and is very addictive
,Recommended,233450,13156484,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,AWanderingTyler,HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ DO I MAKE THE ELECTRIC CHAIR
76561198076481365,Recommended,233450,13157910,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,CALDAWGZ,Prison Simulator 201413/10 would tunnel out of prison with spoons again.Worth a drop 80% off get itttt
76561198065092417,Recommended,233450,10473306,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Care Bear,Awesome Game
,Recommended,233450,30418926,Posted: 9 March,all,Obi-Juan Bonomi,"Education, education and more education!"
,Recommended,233450,24107881,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Doot,SO GOOOD
76561198273229931,Recommended,233450,21069461,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,talltree2020,amazing use of a charming artstyle i have put more than 200 hours into this game from alpha 6 and recomend this to anyone who likes the buisness manegment genre
76561198200183677,Recommended,233450,17588146,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,frevel1998,Best game ever!!!
,Recommended,233450,21195210,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,thummi,"Hello, Folks!First: I know, I don't have all achievements, but I do have some experience with it, that I want to share with you.Basically the game is totally about building a perfect prison, what isn't that easy. You have other ways to play too, like escape or an campaigne. It is worth it's money.IN THE END: If you have time and like some strategy games, go buy and play it. It's time-consuming but makes a lot of fun, if  you're into it."
,Recommended,233450,25762114,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,ChildishGiant,"It's addictive and fun, yet I don't know why."
,Recommended,233450,16037974,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,grey5nine,put one prisoner into protective custodydone nothing10/10 would put into protective custody again
,Recommended,233450,8891588,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,ChimpB0y.,cool idea. game play is steam line and the graphies are realy nice. has good replay value
,Recommended,233450,23080728,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Potential Legend,"This is probably the best indie game I've ever purchased on Steam. I bought this game back in mid Alpha from hearing about it online. And now almost a year later after it's official 1.0 release I'm still playing it and they're still updating it with new features! They just recently added women's prisons, dynamic weather and temperatures and they're currently working on a full 3D mode which I never thought would happen!In terms of gameplay the game is exactly what you'd expect. A realistic prison simulation that you control. Be a cold and ruthless warden that runs your prison with fear or be a generous and passionate rehabilitationist that helps your inmates improve themselves for society. Satisfy their needs and keep the rioting to a minimum. The story is great too and works well as a tutorial for new players! And the mods are amazing! So much potential has been given to the players to modify the game however they want. You can turn the prison into a Fallout Vault! Or a Star Wars space station keeping Rebel prisoners.This is truly one of the best games on steam simply for it's continued support from the developers. You're truly getting your money's worth when you buy this game."
76561198187931866,Recommended,233450,19916060,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,jakeb0423,"I had a big lovely prison and every thing was nice, un til they rioted. Then out of the blu I saw a prisoner by the neam of ""Barrck obama"" going to soltary. 10/10 for forn this."
,Recommended,233450,19922207,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,jockedition,told a workman to build a secure door for a jail cell. locked himself in with his own door and blocked my entire crew from getting out of the cell block. 11/4
,Recommended,233450,16589673,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,you cant flim flam the zim zam,"Built awesome prisongot first batch of prisonersplay for like 20 hours on that maphave 600+ prisonersfeel amazingget legendary prisonermake an entire cell block for himhe goes into shower one daygets nakedpulls out kitchen knifeshanks 5 armed guardskills all of thembreaks out of cell block(he is leader of the main gang)rallies up 30+ prisoners3 are legendaryThey wreck my guardsI am constantly spawning armed guardsthey break out the front gatekill 18 riot guards, 23 armed guards, and 15 regular guards.They escapeprison gets shut downcrystart it up againsame thing happensWould do it all over again.Great game, 8/10 for sure. Buy it now!"
,Recommended,233450,18493478,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Hazzball,10/10 game would recommend everyone plays it!
,Recommended,233450,18363380,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Gaudy Goat,"A lesser company would've released this before now. It could've been considered ""done"" a long time ago, but they kept it in early access. It paid off. They added new features regularly and dedicated a long period of time to bug fixes. Now it's better than what it was.If you're a fan of base-building games or find the idea of running a prison intriguing then get it, because I guarantee it'll be worth it. It takes a bit of time to learn but once you figure out the basics you can get into it. Expect to build 1-2 practice prisons before you entirely understand what's going on."
,Recommended,233450,9989040,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,,"Best game ever, 0/100 Prisoners, because my prison is empty right now."
76561198043167512,Recommended,233450,22985399,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,k9gunner,I make a prison fail.Build a new better one.Repeat till best prison 500 hours later
,Recommended,233450,25392565,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Schrödy Brodie,UI still needs to be optimised but that aside prior to v.2 it's kept me glued.
76561198148270000,Recommended,233450,32699748,Posted: 23 June,all,darthfinder,"Good fun, I would say worth my money. Super fun building different prisons, filling them with guards, filling them with inmates...Then watching as a guard starts filling an unruly inmate with lead.In all seriousness, very satisfying locking up hundreds the worst of the worst, rapists, murderers, arsonists, even video game pirates! And then forcing them to work long hours building me car licence plates mwahaha.I would also like to add the game has an escape mode where you can bust out of other people's and your own prisons and it is surprisingly intricate for an extra bit with the main game.A few bugs or things which  are a bit broken at the minute but nothing major:-guards sometimes let prisoners out of jail if you try to build more storage areas outside the prison, either that or my guards are all filthy video game pirates themselves...-forestry means the money system is exploitable, you can earn silly amounts of money doing it, maybe even enough to buy Diablo III: Reaper of Souls on the ps4 which is still full price despite being several years old-escape mode is very easy, as long as you earn a few rep points and upgrade your characters you soon become unbeatable, in fact your one character can often 1vs 500 the guards, their dogs, family, friends... and still have a perfectly clean orange jumpsuit with no bloodstainsPretty much it, definitely would pick this one up on sale, after all, you're  not a video game pirate, are you?"
,Recommended,233450,25292348,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,[5th] Toparitartity,i would recomend you do buy of this game it makes much fun
76561198274003770,Recommended,233450,24982879,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,king11105,Best game ever recomend it to anyone
,Recommended,233450,17221601,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Phidias,Build your own Prison!
76561198171437039,Recommended,233450,14342020,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,cannonfodder,"For a game that is not yet complete, it's an incredibly addictive time-sink.  They're updating the game on basically a monthly basis.  There is plenty of humour injected into the game.  Despite the video that basically tells you everything is wrong with the game, the problems are relatively few and far between.I would highly recommend watching the alpha videos - they give you a lot of insights as to how the game can be played and some of the oddities of the UI (which is still under development and does change a bit from alpha to alpha)Highly reccomended."
,Recommended,233450,15815052,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Eclipse,"Hold on before I can write this review I have to research it first, A.K.A consult the clipboard...."
76561198046307461,Recommended,233450,18365103,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Suck my 8=============D,Is this the first early-access game EVER that released its 1.0 version?
76561198136484478,Recommended,233450,18367544,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Grapiist,Its Good When You Have Nothing Else To Play Or If You Are Waiting For Something Or SomeoneKeep Calm And Write Every First Letter Of The Word With Capital Letter ;)BTW Game Is 7.3/10
76561198058360698,Recommended,233450,13755747,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,[DARK]stratergygod,"spectaculer game that makes you get addicted and love it, only bad things occasionally the cooks in the game decide to give your prisoners a diet but so far that is the only problem i've encountered with this game."
,Recommended,233450,18347589,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,ZingslaTNVS,"I have had this game for a while now and I really enjoy it. It is a great game that combines both building a prison and then managing it. 1.0 is coming out in a few days and is adding a story mode and escape mode, so if you are on the edge about buying it, there's even more reasons to get this great game!"
,Recommended,233450,25259851,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Linguine_Dreams,"Now,that Prison Architect is a ""finished"" game I have to say,it's worth it for the price. But,for that much work on the game,it doesn't seem worth all the wait. Some things in the game are still very confusing,and some don't even work well. They are still going to update this game so hopefully these things can be fixed. But I would definitly tell you to buy this game."
,Recommended,233450,18566784,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Abigyil,Huzzah for another game leaving early access in a finished state. :)
76561198132384146,Recommended,233450,10771163,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Jimjimjomjom,Absolutley addicted to this game!
,Recommended,233450,18849101,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,bobsyouruncle1,Downloaded Prison ArchitectLolimgonnabuildanepicprisonformaxsecurityandbericherthanbillgatesandbuythesuneveryone escapesI cry tearsI rage quitNext day i log onbuildanepicprisonformaxsecurityandbericherthanbillgatesandbuythesuneverything goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥I rage quit againRepeat...10/10 would buildanepicprisonformaxsecurityandbericherthanbillgatesandbuythesun again
,Recommended,233450,20650271,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,CANUX,Prison ArchitectWhen should you purchase this - Right NowPositives- Frequent updates- Great community- Campaign/Tutorial- Hours of gameplay to be hadNegatives- Guards dont see you holding weapons- Escape mode can be too easyReviewThis game is absolutely wonderful as im into Prisonbreak this game appealed to me and seemed like a great choice for a game. Admittedly when purchasing this game I was a bit put off by the price £20 for a game that appealed to me but I thought I would only play the game for 5 hours if that but as you can see ive spent a fair more hours out of it. This game is definitely worth £20 and the developers deserve 100% of the money they get. The game is frequently updated keeping bugs out and the game fresh.This game is a top down sandbox game that consists of two game modes the main gamemode being building and managing your very own prison. Turning an empty muddy field into a supermax prison is very satisfying and the trading all that in only to start again with some bonus cash. Then theirs the escape mode yes in my opinion it can be a bit easy maybe a bit broken but its very fun running through your mates prison starting riots killing guards and stabbing other inmates. The problem is its fairly easy to just smash showers for points to build up a gang then just start a huge fight that escalates to a riot and walk straight out the front door because you are so overpowered.Overall this game is great and i highly recommend you by it if you are some what interested by the gameplay. If you don't like it thanks to steam you can always get a refund.Rating : 8.5/10
76561198010202641,Recommended,233450,18167135,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,noneofyurbusiness,"I love Strategy/Building games like this and have been playing for 170hrs+. You're going from the final Alpha to release in 28 days? It doesn't seem like enough time for a Beta testing period. In this previous Alpha there are many issues I'd think would take time to hash-out.-The Mayor calls way too often (No Gym Equip., No Visitation) demanding action on multiple events at the same time.-Overlapping Events (Fire, Outbreak, Riot) simultaniously.-SuperMax isolation (private yards and meals).-Construction of walls/utilites prevented by prior walls within a cell block.-Defaulting of new zones to shared (should be off-limits to prisoners until zoned).-More intuitive method of spotting and preventing tunneling.I love this game and concept and have been a huge advocate for my friends to buy it upon release. Please don't make my friends Beta testers for bugs when they expect a fully resolved game."
,Recommended,233450,18584850,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,abel.fenykep,"Its soo cool, even if only the escape mode works for me now :)"
,Recommended,233450,21300862,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Baker,"The game is not realistic at all!Where is the ""Don't drop the soap"" moments!"
76561198125822244,Recommended,233450,20683321,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,NEKIL,Its good.
,Recommended,233450,16655970,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,gone,"Dutch-nederlands;Heel leuk spel ALS je het geduld ervoor hebt.In het begin was het wel even puzzelen, maar dat maakt niet uit. leuke graphics en veel mogelijkhedenIk zou wel graag willen zien dat er nog meer van die bureaucratie-tegels komen en een spel modus dat alles in het begin al bruikbaar/geopend is. Wat ik ook wel fijn zou vinden als je het spel opstart dat je dan in een startmenu komt en niet gelijk een wereld wordt geopend.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------English-engelsReally good game IF you have the patient for it.At the beginning you have to do a little bit of research,but that doesn't matter. beatiful graphics and many options.I would like to see more of those Bureacracy-assignments and a game-mode where you can everything form the start,What i also would appreciate is that if you start the game that you have some kind of an start menu and not a new world"
76561198116182648,Recommended,233450,25343648,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,ledoctore,ths is prety good
,Recommended,233450,23974445,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Im Sorry Father,"-Start a new prision-Going really well, ~60 prisioners, guards all have tazers-One day, I hear a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of tazers go off-Turns out this guy Kevin Pham was a Ex law inforcment and a snitch-Move on-2 days later, more tazers, Kevin still alive-Decide to put him in protective custody-spend about a real life hour designing a new 9 quality cell-12 spaces, has its own window, shower, yard right outside his door, everything.-even made a seperate scedule for him so he doesn't get attacked again-Tried to make him an investigator, didn't want to-Oh well, no big deal-a few in game days go by, he isn't getting any sleep-Confused, as he is obviously in bed sleeping-Decide to search his cell-What I found next, oh boy you wouldn't believe it-THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ WAS TUNNEMING OUT OF THE PRISON-Almost made it too, just 8 more spaces to go-Really mad now, I immediately take him out or protective custody-He gets killed within the day-Victory10/10 Would kill Kevin againP.S. I got ""Gabe Newell"" as a Death row prisioner recently, which alone is a good reason to buy the game"
,Recommended,233450,25117587,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,pchuenkg.exe_has_stopped_working,"This game is really good, it is a very creative game, you can do alot of things in the game, and there are many awesome mod in steam workshop, worth every single penny."
,Recommended,233450,24489121,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,afro_apple,Good.
,Recommended,233450,27166907,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[WMD]Cu_In_Heaven,Simply great!
,Recommended,233450,17681079,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,almo007,"Alright! Hi everybody. Im am here to give a review of the Game Prison Architect. Prison Architect is prison management tycoon made by Introversion software. You are the architect, your job is to build a prison and control your prisoners.You have to make sure that they are well fed, clean, happy and that every single day is going to be one of the best days of their lives. Take in Max security prisoners, the rowdy ones or take it slow and take in nice and peaceful prisoners. Build worshops and let your prisoners do something and not hang around in ther ugly cells all day. Every day you choose your prisoners destiny!"
,Recommended,233450,13942614,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Nuclear,"Hello!Very good game ,every month updates which is very awesome because of thoose updates i keep playing this game :)."
,Recommended,233450,26006602,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Al Gore,I can see this becoming my new addiction.
,Recommended,233450,13649636,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,LionThrewpy,"The tutorial is lacking and it is a difficult game for some to learn how to play, but once you've learned, it is a pretty cool game with a nice workshop. This is a early access so there isn't much to say other than the building may be a bit complicated for players (some players don't know you need to use foundations first, not put walls and then floors."
,Recommended,233450,16389764,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Thinking Goku,Concentration Camp Simulator10/10 Dashiells would recommendHitler's Seal of Approval
,Recommended,233450,23947971,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ryan7331,>Makes Prison From Prison Break>Makes It Near Impossible To Escape From>Makes Every Small Crime Solitary Confinement Forever>Anyone Who Attempts To Escape Gets The Death Sentence>Warden Becomes Hitler>Prison-Wide Riot>Call in SWAT Team>Everyone Dies>Request 10 Prisoners>Game Gives Me Full Capacity Prisoners Instead>Cycle Repeats10/10
76561198151568824,Recommended,233450,23950233,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Dragunhawk10,I bought this game on Monday. As of writing this it is Thursday. over 40 hours down and I can [And Will] Keep going. Solid 5/7
76561198055489149,Recommended,233450,30480567,Posted: 12 March,all,Squirtle,I really like this game you can spend tons of hours on this game 8/10
76561197996498836,Recommended,233450,30844619,Posted: 30 March,all,ixlar,Great game.  So many different ways to build your prison.  Very enjoyable.
76561197971934135,Recommended,233450,7816304,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,BowlerXman,Its OK
,Recommended,233450,12390465,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,The Funtastic K-Man,"Had Tony Stark , Walter White and Jesse Pinkman as prisonmates and they still couldn't escape10/10"
76561198360202389,Recommended,233450,29955856,Posted: 15 February,all,dobordage,Very Good. Nice simulation
76561198064115673,Recommended,233450,29874591,Posted: 12 February,all,emmanoy,"it's a good game, buy it."
76561198342780371,Recommended,233450,29828679,Posted: 10 February,all,cas1.denteneer,really like this game. i didn't expect too much of it but it was way and way better than i had thought it would be. more updates would be great as you become a expert quickly. this game is perfect for the people who like building but the game also has a extra feature called escape mode. this mode is awsesome because you can become the prisoner too.
,Recommended,233450,30004385,Posted: 18 February,all,Fluoro | CSGO500,"This game.. IS AMAZING!PRISONS IN PRISONS! WHAT MORE?!?!?Fights! Riots! Uncontrolled riots leading to the government sending the military in! GUNS! Campaign! Game Bible!Pros:FightsRiotsMilitaryGunsGame BiblePrisons In PrisonsWorkshopEscape ModeHidden Easter EggsCons:Do the damn tutorial, otherwise you aren't getting anywhere.10/10 IGN"
76561197973173986,Recommended,233450,28486973,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Zaltmann,good
,Recommended,233450,4524323,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,BornToWin72,!!!
,Recommended,233450,21595089,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Orin,"500+ Hours on prison architect: Been playing since Alpha 10can honestly say that this game has taken up a HELL of alot of my time, its also the reason that i was behind on school work... Prison Architect is definetly a game for people that dont want to deal with the stigma behind competitive gaming. it has several different features to make the game feel new (and thats not even including the workshop) this game lets you be as free as you like, and try different strategies to keep prisoners happy. I would definetly recommend this game to any one reading this, i have not regreted a single cent!!!..."
,Recommended,233450,22490873,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,normalsauce,"Awesome game. If you like Banished, Pharoah, SimCities, buy it."
76561198101244197,Recommended,233450,24101430,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ROAR,damn good
,Recommended,233450,30367412,Posted: 6 March,all,Catty C,A game where you manage prisoners in a prison that you design. Features a mode where you can play as a prisoner trying your prisons. Supports Steam Workshop so you can download mods and custom prisons. Also has it's own campaign.Overall a good game that I recommend buying when on sale because $30 is a bit too much for this game.
,Recommended,233450,25162801,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,xavpin234,this game is absolutely cool and is very fun to play for the pepoles who loves simulation/strategy game and you can alway be cruel
76561198085073958,Recommended,233450,30184261,Posted: 25 February,all,NavyDwarf,thank you think mostly fun
76561198060670204,Recommended,233450,14246985,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Sgt.Golden,"I will call prison architect one of the best games out there to play when you have the time. Its a great expereince and they update it every month. If you have some money to spend, prison architect would be a great game to get. So stop reading and go for it :)"
76561198067184051,Recommended,233450,31832059,Posted: 18 May,all,Princess Mononoke,"A really fun game about building prisons, or escaping prisons, depending on what you like to do. I got this game for my birthday, and I must say thet it was really pretty fun. but I would have to warn parents who want to but this for their children: There's nudity when the innamtes take showers ( pixely and non graphic, but nudity nonetheless.) the story mode has a character whokilled his wife after she had sex with another man, cussing, and blood. so i'd have to say this game is about teen or teen+. so be careful"
,Recommended,233450,20251536,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,beto cupertinho,Ｉ  ｓｍｏｋｅ  ｓｏ  ｍｕｃｈ  ｗｅｅｄ  ｎｉｇｇａ，  ｓｏｍｅ  ｗｏｕｌｄ  ｓａｙ  ｉｔ＇ｓ  ａｗｆｕｌＦｕｃｋ  ｔｈｅ  ｐｏｌｉｃｅ  ａｎｄ  ｔｈｅ  ｇｏｖｅｒｎｍｅｎｔ  ｉｓ  ａｗｆｕｌ
,Recommended,233450,23177025,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,YRMYJASKA,Good
76561198165007552,Recommended,233450,16359635,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Myguy1000,This game is awesome. It may not look the best in the video but i assure you the game is worth the money. I love this game and I would reccomend this game to everyone.
,Recommended,233450,11882615,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,FallenBlade,Brilliant game even in Alpha. Easily become addicted.
,Recommended,233450,20514781,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,ryryrecords,"Prison building and management sim.  Sim City meets Orange Is the New Black?  Perhaps.  Highly addictive!  I got this game when it was on sale but had been eyeing it for some time.  Thinking about it, the game is so good that I would have payed full price.  It's still in the tweaking stage of development but feels very comprehensive and feels finished.This game isn't hard to learn, but you can get really in depth and it rewards you if you do.  This game appealed to me initially for the ability to design a prison.  Then came the glorious fun of setting prison policy, managing staff and informants, making a ton of money, and the management aspect was just as addictive.  Once you have your perfected prison, sell it and use your profits to build something even better.Even though this game is still in Alpha, it really does feel like it's complete.  If they add more features it will be insane!  Not recommended for little kids."
,Recommended,233450,18404735,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,L㊉RÐ ㊉₣ S㊉₣Ŧ 97,Pleasantly addictive ;D
,Recommended,233450,9234628,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Justin Sider,"I think the overall idea of this game is awesome. It has alot of cool features about it already and I am sure they will be adding more as time goes on. Some of the important mechanics of the game are broken, so it isn't a completely enjoyable experience as of now. I wouldn't pay $30 for it because it isn't up to full speed yet. I picked it up during the Winter Sale."
76561198334637713,Recommended,233450,31302310,Posted: 22 April,all,SparrowElite,AWESOME! CANT WAIT FOR #2
,Recommended,233450,26593315,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Dat Cat,is fun 👍
,Recommended,233450,10040210,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,GoldenUncle,"Prison Architect has kept me occcupied for quite some time, check it out if you have the chance. I have faith in the developers and so far they have proven to satisfy."
76561198080159836,Recommended,233450,6944845,"Posted: 22 April, 2013",all,Jesse_Eisenberg,good game
,Recommended,233450,33238183,Posted: 4 July,all,ryantmay,"I purchased Prison Architect when it was still in Alpha development quite some time ago - however I never played it.  I believe it was on a Summer Sale or something at the time and it was too good of a price to pass out.Jump to recently, armed with a new PC I decided to try out some of the games I had ""collected"" during my time with my old PC and gave it a whirl.  Now with over 56 hours played, I have to say that this is a FUN game.  Is it perfect?  No.   Could it be better?  Of course.  Does it still have bugs?  Apparently.It doesn't take long to understand what to do (the mini-campaign does a fantastic job of teaching you the basics while telling a heart-pulling story).   The info bubbles in-game do a good job at explaining the requirements for certain things, and the wiki (accessible through the menu) fills in the gaps of the rest.  Sometimes it can be frustrating to get your prisoners to want to do something and other times you'd think it would be fun to suddenly have a riot from your normally calm prisoners, but either way, I just can't stop playing.I'm not sure how much more development this game will see (and I hope there is a bit) but the modding community at least exists should I wish to experience more.  Now I'm not sure if I ever would have enjoyed paying full retail for this game, but at a Steam Sale price, it is really worth the price!"
76561198030366524,Recommended,233450,25984426,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Predator626,One of the most addictive and well crafted game i have ever played! I wish the company sees this as an appertunety to make more games with this engine and these mechanics to make more games !!10/10 would recomend for people that like micromanagment games !
,Recommended,233450,25921577,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,BubbleMonster,I realy hope there can be more furnitures and floors textures.
,Recommended,233450,26455582,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,TheSuperGater,-Build Prison-Riot Breaks Out-Bring in Swat Team-Stop Riot-Swat Team Leave-Riot-Repeat:DDDD
76561198134735693,Recommended,233450,13357891,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Mr.Bubbles,Prison Architect makes all the other alphas look like poo
,Recommended,233450,13406954,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,bFour,"Build a replica of Shawshank, including a pipe full of s*** to crawl through."
76561198007779544,Recommended,233450,13493024,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Jothmo,"Great relaxed kind of game, if you just want to play for a bit, or for hours - you're set with this. New content is added regularly and usually actually helps the game further (unlike for example updates for Dayz).Sometimes understanding what to do in this game can be difficult, but google is your friend and he'll help you!Great game, any sale makes this game worth to buy!"
76561198062775103,Recommended,233450,13494058,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Korgonin,"Great game, the prisoners are unruly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that do the most random of things.  They also enjoy hiding drugs and sharp objects in their bung-holes to kill themselves and one another with.  I must admit, nothing gives me more joy than seeing a prisoner attempt to kill one of my doctors with a spoon.......nothing."
,Recommended,233450,13494021,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Silverlance,"Riots, riots everywhere!"
,Recommended,233450,13497631,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Gentleman Bastard,"I don't know how I managed to spend 160 hours into this game... time just went so..fast.I love games where I can listen to music in the background and just relax for a couple of hours without putting serious ""effort"" into what I am doing. And for me; Prison Architect is just that. The amount of replayability this game has is just insane! And every month the game developers come out with an update, so you always have a reason to come back.Prison Architect is probably my favorite indie game of all time."
76561198071516828,Recommended,233450,13498559,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,vynl_richi,"I built my temporary outdoor showers too near to my utility shed and forgot to put down drains, so my generator got soaked and exploded, destroying my psychotherapist's offices, so all my max security prisoners missed their anger management sessions and rioted. no survivors. 10/10."
76561198104284454,Recommended,233450,13491026,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,-#GameChanger-,"Hey everyone, Definitely recommend picking up this game! ... at first I got a bit aggrivated because some of the things I could not find and there was no clear guide on how to achieve finding things to unlock more stuff ingame... after some research online I figured it out myself, started doing all of these upgrades all at once since I earned a ton of cash!I was like sweet we are well under way at this point in the game... unload all of my cash on all upgrades ... next thing you know my visitation center/holding cell/lounge/lunch room get blown up by someone in the visitation room! ...I was a bit disappointed but definitely helped burn everyone in that place by putting it on lockdown ...Needless to say ... Strongly recommend picking this game up and giving it a go and seeing what type of prison you can run! or watch burn to the ground!!"
,Recommended,233450,13494418,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,MERGUS,One of the best tycoon games I've ever played. There are still bugs here and there (e.g: after solitary confinement or family visit sometimes the guards forget to bring the inmates back to their cell) but considering this is an early access game those bugs can be fixed in the final release. (7.5/10) Poor Edward :(
,Recommended,233450,13502271,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Loose_Moose,One of my guards saw a guy eating at the canteen with a fork. He deemed the fork a weapon and put him in solitary confinement.Awesome game awesome stories.10/10
76561198228722404,Recommended,233450,26445909,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Great Sandy Desert,"In Previous Version:Whenever I'm improving my current prison, it usually means I need to build new foundations. Since the foundations while being built aren't considered solid walls, my staff and guards update their pathways to make it a shortcut. Eventually, the structure is built, and the walls are considered solid at that moment, but their pathways haven't updated yet. So when they hit the wall, they start spazzing out, causing them to turn in random directions really fast. Set it to >>> and do it at night, and you have a makeshift disco party. Gets better when more people join.It get's ♥♥♥♥ing hilarious when more people join in11/10 - Would make makeshift stabbing disco again."
,Recommended,233450,25968911,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,MRFYPTS,This is the best game I have.
,Recommended,233450,26835491,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MatUgly SKINUP.GG 🎮,RUN FOREST RUUUUUUNNN!!! DONT LOOK BACK!!! xD
,Recommended,233450,28481231,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,cjbowlsby,This game is VERY fun. It's about building prisons.
,Recommended,233450,23218559,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,ZaqPlays,You want to be the badass and most feared prisoner of the entire prison?Destroy some showerheadsWanna escape quickly?Destroy some showerheadsConclusionShowerheads
76561198146709189,Recommended,233450,25278530,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,The Forgotten One,-Starts up game for first time.-Tells me to make prison without there being a main menu.-Makes foundation.-Prisoners come.-All the prisoners escape.-Lose all money trying to figure out what to do.11/10 would waste all my money again
76561197961393773,Recommended,233450,27664440,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dzohn Rekham,Great fun and simple game.
,Recommended,233450,25297169,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,FOX☻,-A gang leader goes to solitary-Gang members are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥from this-Safety bar maxes out-Prisoners want safety-Full riot breaks out-Gang leader released from solitary-Everything is back to normal11/10Fun fact: The gang leader was concerned about safety lmao
,Recommended,233450,22985942,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,loumojo,I love this game and when I bought it I played it for 24 hours straight.  I would reccomend this game for the details and wide variety of objects.
76561198332863281,Recommended,233450,28969053,Posted: 2 January,all,YT/CLMittens  csgotower.com,good game
76561198126990853,Recommended,233450,12321152,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Jewish Hitler,Great game too bad its $30 now it was free a LONG time ago the bugs are limited i hae had one experience with a bug and it never happend again the team listens to fans and ideas. One of my favs
,Recommended,233450,26752760,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,[JBL-CEO] JamieBally,Love it! Buy it nowWhy are you still reading this? Buy it
76561198090569118,Recommended,233450,29295809,Posted: 16 January,all,Superkurty,Pretty good 9/10
,Recommended,233450,13070535,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Penguin,Best Game Ever Alpha 26Only One Problem The Prisoners Are Hard To Please There Always Moaning Abot Somting +The Utililites Tab Is Laggy When I Am Off The Utiliteis Tab 60Fps When I Go into It Bam 15 FpsOtherwise Brlliant Game Worth £20
76561198004112665,Recommended,233450,23475358,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Dragus,Its stole a chunk of my life that I will never get back. Would do it all over again to!10/10
,Recommended,233450,13753957,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Heimskr,"This game... It's just amazing. If you like strategy games, this is a good one."
,Recommended,233450,14376742,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,cherry bonbon,They sold me on it with all the bugs! The game crashed in first 10 minutes! A+
,Recommended,233450,10760415,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Billy The Grape,this game is so cool
,Recommended,233450,18355296,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Tyko,Best game 10/10. Really makes you scared of prisons. Stay in school kids
76561198085816060,Recommended,233450,12984354,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Spongebob Square Pants,good game that pays back on its investments! many hours shall be played!#completing missions
76561198123460962,Recommended,233450,18388501,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Intelligent Sky Ant,escape mode needs some work
18237549817326589,Recommended,233450,8298217,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Breeze,"Awesome game if you like management games,(Dungeon keeper, Theme Hospital) a little bit buggy, but that's exclusive to the Alpha stage players :). Great content and scale of managing a prison, it's a great game, so you should get it!"
76561198079459747,Recommended,233450,9975059,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Patrician,Its gud
,Recommended,233450,13774111,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Iron Man,This is such a simple but fun games. I have spent many hours on this game and still find it great. I started playing it a week later the rest of the people on my course are playing it.
,Recommended,233450,11891309,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,TheProJ70,"Build a prison and have it run into the ground while being $77,000 in debt, have guards leave inmates out in the street, have men beat other men in the shower, have guards shoot people on sight if a they break a door while not paying attention to the person who overdosed in his cell, Yea this game is a bundle of joy. But really this game is really good with just 2 or 3 random bugs that happen (mostly just inmates being stuck in a cell or haveing an inmate glitch and have 99999 hours on lockdown and overdose or breakout in that time."
,Recommended,233450,13749710,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Abdul The Destroyer,*prisoner attacks  guard with keys*unlock the cheeki breeki!69/10 would breeki the cheeki
,Recommended,233450,14049360,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,‚··Middlefinger,"I've been following the game since the first alpha release, and they've come a long way with the development. The game is still not finnished, but with the current gameplay offered, there is no reason for you to not buy this game NOW. Can't wait for the promissing future of this game. ;))"
76561198072980750,Recommended,233450,16013233,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,^2Trippa ^5Snippa,Fun game I just got bored of it maybe one day I will go back
76561198153434608,Recommended,233450,16629362,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,scoutbrandon,it so fun
,Recommended,233450,16648015,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,withche07 (Mert) 🇹🇷,"Very fun strategy game. It does seem basic from far, but it has depth. Starts easy, gets hard. Recommended."
76561197987082336,Recommended,233450,17016696,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Darth Kvasir,"Prison Architect is an amazing sim / tycoon style game which lets you build and maintain a prison. The game doesnt yet have a very good tertorial system which tell you how or why things are, but that also adds to the charm of trying to figure out how to make somthing work.The game is very in depth with alot of features and is alot of fun to play. If you like sim / tycoon games or builders, i highly reccomend this game! you will get the hours out of it that you pay for.10/10"
76561198094131457,Recommended,233450,16366395,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Puniceps,I tried to build a prison but it ended up like a concentration camp
,Recommended,233450,17264419,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,TheCatOfWar,"Great fun, bit pricey but well worth it for the regular updates and great community.10/10 would prison again."
,Recommended,233450,17191121,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,DaBombGamer,"This Game.... Is Something Unique... You get, lets say a Vigitile Prisoner, Let's say his name is Tyrone. He is the one, and only one to break into the Armory, He shoots and kills everyone. I start thinking to myself, damn, why don't they give spoons to the armed guards.11/10"
,Recommended,233450,16389374,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[FCL] Jakefox84,Built a prison Recived 2 legendary prisoners moved them into my supermax are with 2 armed gaurds and dog handlers  one of them stole some a baton beat up my guards while they were resting stole their keys broke out while letting others out and  ended up having me to call the army in becuse i w was broke and couldnt call in more guards  10/10The only thing i would like t o see put in the game would be achivements and possiable a camapanig  where you would havae a set amount of money and you had to accomplish said goals
,Recommended,233450,16770889,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,น้องเปิ้ลน่ารัก,Godd... I'm so addicted to this game99/10
