user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,233510,9220507,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,kekmet,"Lunnye Devitsy has taught me that I am secretly a homing pigeon.A simple platformer/exploration game, you play a little alien that has fallen from the moon and now wishes to find its way back. Lunnye Devitsy boasts a great deal of atmosphere and many different paths to take... eventually. Until you find all the necessary 'powerups' to properly explore, though, there are relatively few paths you can take, and some of these are dead ends with no escape. This, combined with a labyrinthian world to explore, can make early progress frustrating if you aren't very good at picking out different paths through the overwhelming particle effects and sometimes washed-out graphics. Which I at least, was not, resulting in getting stuck in the same dang place several times. Since there seems to be no ingame restart feature, quitting and restarting can be the only way to get out of some of these traps.Once you find the double jump, though, the game is so much less frustrating and exploration so much more engaging that it boggles the mind a bit that it wasn't implemented right out of the gate (right when you drop off of the moon?). Immediately more paths are open to you and those traps are less common. That you can miss this entirely for the first part of the game if you go the wrong way- and the game offers no hints of which direction to head- is a confusing choice. So, head right first, is my advice. Your salvation is in the forest.The game does save what collectibles you find along the way, though, which is helpful in decreasing frustration. The controls are simple enough, the alien is a little floaty and can get difficult to land precisely, and nothing aside from dead ends are a threat, so explore and enjoy the music. Even falling (or in my case, purposefully flinging myself) off the world is only a minor incovenience.Normally I'm inclined to give higher ranking to games with an interesting visual presence; I love my shinies. At first glance, Lunnye Devitsy does seem to have this in spades. The stark, sharp black landscapes and flashes of color are gorgeous, but the particle effects and glow of some of the areas makes things difficult to see at times. It could've been toned down just a bit and would've improved the atmosphere they were going for. The wind and water effects and sounds are very cool, though a little too loud for the rest of the soundtrack.So, as a casual exploration platformer, it doesn't offer too much new or different. If you really enjoy that sort of game, though, like I do, you'll probably enjoy it for awhile."
,Recommended,233510,13953998,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,peremptor,"LD is a metroidvania-lite platformer thats exploration based with good music and ambient sounds. Basically you are running and jumping all over the map trying to find items to help you find a way back to your moon. The visual design is distinctive and well done, if it's to your taste that's another matter entirely though. If you are a genre fan you chould check it out."
,Recommended,233510,1547314,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,noibn,"This is an interesting game. The premise is very simple - you are a little alien that drops off the moon and you need to find your way back. The gameplay is 2D platform style, and involves exploring a huge floating mountain trying to find 6 different ways to return to the moon at the top of the map. The game offers very little instruction, tasking you with figuring out everything on your own. None of the tasks are overly difficult, but some require thorough exploration, experimentation and deduction. Overall, the vibe of the game is very laid back and mysterious, which is probably its best aspect. I love that there's a game out there in 2013 that offers no explanations and just wants you to explore and figure stuff out on your own. It reminds me of the good old days, playing the original Zelda and Metroid for the first time. Playing a game with a sense of mystery and no hand-holding is a rarity now, and I guess that's what I like about this one so much. It's probably not for everyone, though. At its core, this is a fairly casual game (though it does get surprisingly difficult at the very end) and it doesn't last too long. Also, I am well aware that some people probably won't appreciate the lack if direction/instruction as much as I do. That said, for the price, it's hard to not recommend if you're at all interested in trying out something new and are up for a bit of mystery and exploration."
,Recommended,233510,10046000,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Nemesis,"Very pleasant and interesting game. Everything seemed really nice, until the last stages... Which led me to rage! I can not remember when i used so much bad words last time...Anyway, i find this title definitely worth recommending. Solid position in the library.My rating for Lunnye Devitsy is 7/10"
,Recommended,233510,1705925,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,skovacs1,"Simple yet confusing and finally torturous at the end. Perhaps too simple as it soon becomes a tedious task of collecting nicknacks and repetitive platforming back and forth through the same areas all while trying to explore completely unexplained goals and unclear interactions. They don't tell you that you are trying to get to the moon in multiple ways or that you can use up to interact with some things - had to look that up online. It seems rather obtuse in retrospect, but at least the soundtrack is nice. Oh? What's this? Free soundtrack in the game files? That's nice of them.The last puzzles require skill, but one of those last puzzles depends on ambiguous mechanics which will require senseless repetition when it's completely unclear why it fails. What seems to be the exact same action produces the needed results only the rare time out of dozens of attempts and, if you screw up the platforming above in the wrong way, you are forced to do it all over again. At least in finishing that challenge alone, I feel some catharsis from the experience."
,Not Recommended,233510,11367976,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Gunderson Mallard,"It was tough not to recommend this game, because I did enjoy it for a while.At first I really appreciated how organic the game was: there were no clear directions, controls were written in the ground, no options, and you had to hold down esc to make your screen slowly fade into an exit. The game had nice spare looking style and sound.The goal in the game is to return to the moon in a few different ways. The first few puzzles were extremely simple (for one of them you just wait in a post office and the mailman delivers you to the moon), but then a majority of them ended up being exercises in tedium.Lunnye Devitsy is lacking. It has open world that is not interesting and stops being mysterious fairly early on. Sometimes messing up means having to trek back and forth between the boring areas. The controls and character are also a bit finicky and take more maneuvering than I think should be required. There are also puzzles that are all about guess work rather than puzzle solving (a completely blind maze, and then cannons take brute trial and error). And the ""organic"" aspects just got on my nerves:  you can edit a text file to turn post processing on and off, you can enter full screen with ""F"" and you can't pause or change any other options.This isn't a terrible game, it's just a game with terrible pacing and some poor choices. Its not even that this game is challenging on a puzzle or platforming level, because it's really not. It is quite simple, and, aside from the mentioned nuisances, the platforming is easy. The problem is that the game seems to deliberately want to inconvenience the player.  Instead of being open, this game would have done better to be contained with levels and/or check points.The price may be tempting, but I think you should consider other games."
,Recommended,233510,26331311,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,•SADBOY•,"Bought this a while ago and just now getting around to play it. Its enoyable and worth a play, The graphics are simple. Only cons is that the controls are a bit rusty, Trying to get all of the coins is infuriating, Thanks to areas 3 & 4. Pretty chill game otherwise."
76561198025025928,Recommended,233510,8674451,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,j.w.yergan,"I have always loved platformers that look amazing, and Boss Baddie's title Lunnye Devitsy definetly makes that list. Now if you're looking for a story that tells you every single piece of the puzzle, you're not going to find that in this title, but you will have to go looking for them. See, one day, a little Moon Maiden, our heroine of the story, falls off the moon! On a normal day this would seem like a serious misfortune, but our little friend never fears, because throughout the bizarre world below there just so happens to be several helpful ways of getting back home. With helping a geologist find his moon marbles, a scientist to build a rocket and blastoff, a relay station to get its message out, discovering that gravity has some very ""loopy"" consequences, finding a springboard with some astonishing power, or having the postman make a very long-distance delivery, getting home has never been such an adventure! Even more so, because once you've made it home all those ways, you'll discover a magma monster has lost all his pocket change and once you've collected it for him, he'll give you quite a lift.Lunnye Devitsy puts wonder, entertainment, and, of course, that good old feeling of accomplishing something so much bigger than you in the genre of platformers. There's mystery, a few scares, and a good bunch of cursing involved for everyone. It's the journey home that makes Lunnye Devitsy such a fantastic title to add to your Steam Library. Run, Jump, Double Jump, and Dive into this platformer for an excellent adventure with outstanding music and sound effects. It's a great excuse to spend some time with a little friend from the stars and send her on her way back home."
,Not Recommended,233510,20863848,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Gilamex,"I bought this game as part of a bundle along with Wake, for $5. Yeah, this is one of those games (along with Wake) that you kinda are willing to spend money on just because you can. ""Ah, I got like 5 bucks left... Can't really buy anything. I guess I'll just take this...""At first I was intrigued and relaxed. But upon only finding half of the ways to get to the moon, the game because so boring, I had to quit in order to save some sanity. So, I got a better computer and played this on it as one of the first games to test its intensity of RAM (since it lagged like crazy on my laptop). So yes, I gave it a second go. Appearently, it was not my laptop...The game was just so SLOW paced that you can't get anywhere in a decent time. The level design along with the slow paced gameplay makes finding all the endings take probably more than several days. That's just not how to design a game. I explored every area and got two powerups, then there was nothing to do, so I stopped. For good. I will never come back to this game because I'm one of those people who want to experience everything for themselves. If you tell me what powerup you get in a game, that will suddenly render the game unplayable for me, because I want everything to be exciting, new, and not spoiled.I don't like writing down rates for games that are pretty good, but really, this belongs on a flash website. It's one of those flash games that you really shouldn't spend money on. Not because it's short or anything, but just the amount of enjoyment you'll get out of it. Again, it's soooo boooring. I understand it's supposed to be atmospheric, and it was. But after about halfway through the game, you just simply cannot find any ways back to the moon, no more upgrades, and literally nothing to do.Call me biased because I didn't technically complete the game, but a human being cannot go through so much loss of sanity by playing a game like this. Again, it's ""okay"" but the pace is way too slow, goal way too indirect, and progression even worse so.I don't know what else to say for this other than to save your money. I don't know about anyone else, but I'm one of those people that would rather spend on a game I end up disliking due to genre or whatever rather than a game I just end up not enjoying because of its experience. Buy it if you want, but I don't want anyone else losing any sanity or time either.My suggestions to developer (even though I know the game won't get updated ever):- Smaller level design or less filler areas just to slow you down- More quick movement speed and not so much ""moon"" gravity- Add a decent title screen with some possible, oh I don't know, options, then tell the player what to do in some way fitting to the game's atmosphere (basically, not a tutorial, but still telling them what to do)"
,Recommended,233510,19479115,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,kony,"A very nice sandbox open-world platformer with a nice atmosphere. Very simple in gameplay, but quite fun. However, it's not a game to be played for hours, but rather a small little game for an evening or two. Hence I do recommend it, but only on a sale."
,Recommended,233510,13701081,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Vexivian,"Nice casual puzzle / platformer game for when you've got some spare time. It's got a cozy atmosphere, great soundtrack and the visuals were very pleasing to me, though I don't think the game in itself is in any way extraordinary. The game doesn't hold your hand in any magnificent way; there's no tutorial though there is hadly any need for one as the basic controlls are hidden throughout the map as you progress. It is worth a play-through but I'm uncertain whether or not it would actually have some replay value.All in all; If you like little puzzle platformer games with a relaxing kind of feel to them then this game is worth a try for the price of $5, even more so when it is on sale."
,Not Recommended,233510,12810189,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,loner,"Lunnye Devitsy is a minimalistic exploration platformer that looks gorgeous and atmospheric at first, but gets old fast due to its disappointingly bland level design, tedious gameplay and lack of any interesting game mechanics.For an exploration game it offers so disappointingly little.Aside from a different tint and a few unique background props there's little that defines one area from another. Large portions of the world are little more than an abstract mess of shapes that only pad out the experience with boring filler.Gameplay is basic and offers no fair challenge.The premise is simple: you fall off the moon, and from then on your goal is to explore and find ways to get back up, which is about the only interesting part about gameplay. Each way is unique and requires its own approach, although some are very difficult to figure out without a walkthrough since the game gives no instructions.The rest is just running around and collecting items until you get every one of them. Platforming is basic and offers no challenge... Until you get to end-game area. This is where difficulty skyrockets, but rather than the final levels being a challenge of skill - they're a challenge in frustration and blind luck.-----------I recommend checking out Nifflas' games instead, which offer a similar experience but with much better level design, beautiful worlds and great platforming.Knytt,Knytt StoriesandSairaare available for free, while his newest gameKnytt Undergroundcan be bought on Steam with a free demo also available.My review for Knytt Underground."
,Not Recommended,233510,8456100,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,ownosourus,"This game should not be sold on Steam, it should be for free on Newgrounds. If it were for free, I'd give it a higher score. I say this because it lacks many things that make a it a full fledged game.Long story short you have to send this little moon guy (who falls from the moon) back to the moon. There are many ways to get to the moon. One way to get to the moon per the game is immediately next to the place you land after falling from the moon. What I mean is you can beat the game (one of the ways) within seconds after you begin to play.Also, the game is buggy. Mostly that it won't play on most computers. It plays very slow, even on really fast machines. Not sure why, considering it's a simple 2D game, although with much post effects. No way to turn off these effects without editing the .ini in the game. I had to turn off post effects and was unable to play full screen without getting lag. The lag is so bad, and at first you'll think that's how slow the game is because you'll wonder why it'd lag on such a simple short game.Things that cheapen the game are seemingly unfinished portions of the game. For instance there's a rocket ship connected to the flying island you land on. You jump at it, and it has no landing area, it's simply a flat 2D no design piece of real estate... you fall through it all the way past the map, and then you fly upwards. Why? This makes no sense... maybe if you landed in the spacecraft and it took off... not sure. Incredibly odd and not in an artistic way.Also, there are puzzles to solve to take you back to the moon, and the presentation of these puzzles aren't the most appealing, the eye is drawn to the puzzles.  There are also things to collect that make absolutely no sense, the presentation of things you collect need more work."
,Recommended,233510,21234689,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Audish,"I am the biggest sucker for exploration games. By that I mean I will play anything that gives me a wide open world to explore, and doesn't make it too onerous to explore. Platformers usually do exploration the metroidvania route, but there are a few quality indie games that just let you run freely around their world. Lunnye Devitsy happens to be one of those, a relaxed platformer in the vein of Knytt but without the sort of sprawl that really defines those games.The only story you're going to get is that you're a tiny alien who fell off his tiny planet and onto a great big mountain. You want to get home, and as it turns out there are six wholly different and pretty entertaining ways to do that. But you'll have to find them and piece together a few puzzles to make them work. Some are as simple as jumping on a springboard, some are as complex as building a rocket, and some defy any sort of logic whatsoever.You can run and you can jump, and that's all you need to start unraveling Lunnye Devitsy's secrets. The running takes a little getting used to, since you have to build up momentum before you really get going, but there's plenty of space to practice your sprinting. You also can't die here, which takes any possible edge off the game. Anything that looks lethal most assuredly is not, and falling off the screen just wraps you around to the other side.It's not hard to sink a few hours into this one trying to divine its secrets, but without any sort of character progression, collectibles, or story, it's also not hard to get bored quickly. I certainly appreciate it for its stark, otherworldly atmosphere and simple exploration, but not enough to suss out all the endings. Still, I got a bunch of them and thoroughly enjoyed my time working them out across the charming alien landscape. If you're looking for something light to while away a few hours in, you could do far worse.Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them athttps://goldplatedgames.com/or on mycuration page!"
,Recommended,233510,6985471,"Posted: 6 May, 2013",all,Soups,I like this game said and done.
76561198021312091,Not Recommended,233510,24588604,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Gayfraud,"I want to say this game was a charmless waste of time, but that's not entirely true- the music and visual style are quite charming, in a ""so indie it hurts"" and formulaic kinda way- big-headed shadow guy running around vaguely sinister and shadowy world with no intro, dialogue or instructions.From there, the game hides basic gameplay tips in the background textures, and unless you've got the brightness/gamma cranked up so you can spot them, the lack of a menu means you are forced to use an faq to learn to play the game. You're then forced to use an faq to finish the game, because while some of the challenges are doable if you're lucky enough to find the powerups before falling down a hole you can't escape from, the last few areas are difficult for the sake of being hateful- have a look at the excellent steam community guide for this game (by noibn) if you don't believe me. Then once you finish, there is no acknowledgment that the game is finished- just puts you back to the starting position until you hit alt+f4 a few hours overdue.It's unfun, uninteresting, and feels unfinished- the hidden credit in the game for the person who did ""quality assurance"" is strictly ironic. There are countless better entries in this genre."
,Recommended,233510,6407881,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,(Savage) Kobayashi Sakoori,0/10 would not bang
,Recommended,233510,288994,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,<M.o.K>Samurai Jack-ing Off,"Cute little ambient exploratory game. I unfortunately have the knack of finding the way back to the moon almost instantly, so I've yet to fully explore the game and meet (the apparently existing!) locals and interact with them.Not Nifflas levels of awesome, but still quite enjoyable."
76561198068849291,Not Recommended,233510,15730696,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,DeathClaw,"Lunnye Devitsy, was one of the first games I  purchased on Steam and I never played it til now.  Beautiful music, okay graphics, bland story. If you see it on sale, buy it. I can't recommend paying full price. 5/10."
76561198110394606,Recommended,233510,9703734,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,MacyTrooper,"I picked this up on a whim when the Lunar Pack was on sale, and I've been very pleasantly surprised and pleased with the game. It's a nice little platform-puzzler, especially for the Lunar pack price.Enjoyable if:-You like games with very little guidance--there's no tutorial and there are no hints or clues.-You like games with an atmospheric story rather than a written or spoken dialogue (there are only a few symbols, no text, as far as I've played)-You like games where you can find your own way-You like pixel art.If, on the other hand, you prefer games with lots of hints, levels, and a clear game trajectory, this is probably not a game you'll enjoy.Small drawbacks: There's no way (that I've discovered) to restart the game if you get stuck in certain areas of the game, other than quitting and restarting the game.  This is only a real problem at the beginning, though, before discovering moves like the double jump.  As progress in the game is saved, this is only a minor annoyance. Also, occasionally the various filters are a bit much.Overall: 8/10"
,Recommended,233510,8731565,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Hitchet,Relaxing and melancholic gameplay with pleasant colors of the game's world.7/10
,Not Recommended,233510,12177492,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Hamakei,"What a boring game. No plot, no purpose, no puzzles, nothing interesting at all.It's like Exile but without the puzzles or inventory.It's like Limbo but without the atmosphere, sound effects or puzzles.It's like a 2D version of Kairo but without the puzzles.You wander round and round and round this huge map with no clue as to where you're going or what you're supposed to be doing, occasionally picking up collectables. But you're not told what they're for or how many you have to collect, or even if you have to. Some give you new abilities, but you're not told what they are, so every time you pick something up, you have to stand and press every key on your keyboard to see if anything different happens.And it's S...L....O....W.... your character walks like he's wading through treacle, even after you pick up the ""run"" powerup (which I wasn't aware I'd even done until I read on a forum about it) and you can just hold an arrow key down for minutes at a time as your character crosses the barren map.Also, the developer couldn't be bothered to put in an options screen. You can't change the resolution, or adjust the controls, or alter the volume without manually editing the config file. Many people only found out by accident that pressing 'F' makes the game go fullscreen.I left the character underwater for ten minutes hoping he would drown, but not even that relieved the tedium as absolutely nothing happened.The game has achievements? That's a joke, right? Surely the only one it needs is ""Put up with this drivel for ten minutes.""Please don't tell me that I didn't ""get"" the game, or that I obviously only like FPSs. If you'd check my profile you'd see that I'm a great fan of both indie puzzle/platform games and 'arty' games - I have Kairo, Braid, The Path, Dear Esther, The Graveyard, They Breathe, LIMBO, Thomas Was Alone, Botanicula and Gone Home. Many of them have been commented on as being 'Arty' or 'Not really games', but they're all far better than this tripe.Got the trading cards, then sold them and uninstalled.Avoid."
,Recommended,233510,8674109,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,I Am Weasel,A fun little platformer presented with nice graphics style and calming music. The concept is this: you are a Moon Spirit (or something along those line) and you have to get back to the moon. The 6 solutions are unique and entertaining. The game does not overstay it’s welcome and if you want plus challenge there’s a seventh way to get to the moon which requires precise and high platforming skills. Definitely recommended.
,Not Recommended,233510,9369922,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Prawn Salad,"This game I bought in a bundle with Wake. It was only $1.29, but it was still way too much money. Graphics were blurry and there was too much bloom effect on the lighting that gave me a headache about 3 minutes in.I recommend that you do not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,233510,17543090,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,VOTEFORTACO,
,Recommended,233510,8180422,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Scratches,Defying physics at new heights. Inspiring.
,Recommended,233510,7499181,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Senor,"Surprisingly decent. It has the silhouette style of Limbo and NightSky, the exploratory spirit of Metroid, and the ""what am I supposed to do?"" uncertainty of games like Dear Esther or Proteus. It seems to be quite short.Update: With the help of a guide, I have finished this game. I still recommend it, but I don't recommend playing it for more than an hour or two after you get stuck. The final bonus ending is total BS to get, and is completely unrewarding when you do it. Some of the other endings are really hard to figure out as well."
,Recommended,233510,10022204,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Nah,"Someone thought I was chickening out, but I just needed to trading cards.."
,Not Recommended,233510,8581032,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Maxmetpt,"Well, I tried. Throughout my play of this game, I ran into several design flaws, but I kept going, to see where the concept was taken, seeing its potential.Well, after 3 long, long hours, I simply quit.The game claims it's about exploration, and aiding mysterious characters, but there's barely any of it. You arrive on the world and nothing is told to you. And that could be fine. But it simply keeps that way for the rest of the game. Nothing is told to the player, not even indirectly.I usually enjoy exploration games a lot, since they keep throwing little clues at the player, little pieces of the overall puzzle. But not here. I've forced myself to play it through, to see if anything changed, but barely anything did.The puzzles are senseless. They could make a bit more sense, if there were references to them throughout the game, that one could get through exploration.Since there's nothing, this game is about trial a error. Constantly. And it's simply not fun.You're not exploring anything. The map is just a labyrinthic mess, with fake walls that you can't tell from a normal wall. So, the only thing left to do, is roam around the world. Which has nothing special. It barely has any landmarks that could tell something interesting. There's nothing. The world feels as dead as it could. The characters are simply there for you to have a very vague idea of what to do to progress in the game, but they don't actually feel like characters. Only a chore board.The controls aren't anything to write home about either. And, on top of it, it tries to be a hard platformer. And it falls flat on its face. With these imprecise controls, you actually have to land on the tips of triangles. Seriously? Who could've thought this was a good idea? Then, a dark block with hidden paths inside. There's no way to see where you're going. Again, HOW could someone think this was a good idea? It's just frustrating trial and error. And it adds absolutely nothing positive to the game.The visuals did look unique, but you'd better turn off the post processing effects. Those are really, really bad. They simply blur your vision and end up hurting your eyes.The redeeming factor is this may be the music (althought not sound design). The music was really enjoyable, although it didn't quite play into the atmosphere of the game. Simply good, random, background music.I'm sorry if I'm being overly negative, but I had certain expectations for this, the idea seemed right up my alley. But... no. It's simply a badly designed game.In exploration games, you should learn something about the world. The world should have a story to tell. Something. But there's nothing here. I took no satisfaction from playing this after the first half hour or so.Plus, don't make it frustrating as it is. The controls aren't tight enough for it to try to be Super Meat Boy. The visual effects are way too exagerated. The map has no landmarks, it's simply labyrinthic, with ""secrets"" areas that make no sense.Too many ideas that were badly implemented. My advice would be to polish each aspect of the game a lot before trying to get it all together. Otherwise you get this. And it's not very good.Don't pick this one up.With that said, I'll still keep an eye out for Boss Baddie, these games might actually get pretty good after a lot of work has been put into them."
,Not Recommended,233510,17602937,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,yuru,Explorational 2D platformer with cryptic goals... There are no enemies and only an easy platforming challenge so I really cannot recommend this game.
,Recommended,233510,1424702,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Power,A little exploration and platforming game with a superb atmosphere and an astounding soundtrack that makes you acquire inner peace.
,Recommended,233510,8343501,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,sigbog,"Interesting, enjoyable, and a noteworthy touch of classic platformer gaming."
,Not Recommended,233510,8758633,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,tontonprehah,"One area is bugged, the game is impossible to ending. Never buy this game..."
,Recommended,233510,8930520,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,snarkqueen,"Grade:80/100Difficulty:Moderate. Most of the controls are easy, and you can't die. But certain places require precise timing and angles -- that makes it a little harder to accomplish a few goals.Pros:Despite being a simple game, it's very pretty to look at. The various objectives are a pleasant challenge.Cons:You will need a guide/walkthrough to finish all of the achievements unless you have an incredible streak of dumb luck.Replayable:Not likely after completing all of the challenges, but certainly fun the first time through."
,Recommended,233510,284671,"Posted: 13 April, 2013",all,McFrugal,"The platforming is unremarkable all the way up till the very end where it hides a few collectibles behind some frustratingly brutal jumps and a maze where you can't see yourself as you navigate it.  The map itself is not particularly good-looking, and the music is alright.Overall, it feels like a Knytt Stories map more than anything else.  I wouldn't buy it for full price, but it's not terrible or anything."
,Recommended,233510,9514654,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Rip,"Oh, boy. Let me tell you about this God-forsaken game, Lunnye Devitsy.You play as a cute little alien that falls from the moon and you need to find your way back. There are several ways to get back, 7 in fact. That's the premise of the game. There are no enemies, nothing can kill you... it's pure puzzle platforming. The design is ALL atmosphere and what an atmosphere it is! Further, there is zero guidance, no on-screen instruction, not even a main menu of any kind. This minimalistic approach isn't for everyone, but I appreciate its purity.The game comes includes with a map file. Use it! The game is virtually impossible without it! I advise against using online guides of walkthroughs, that way you can get a decent amount of time into the game... probably over 20 hours. Your time is spent finding all of the different ways back to the moon by looking for visual clues, as there are no words. It will test your attention to detail, patience and platforming abilities.About 98% of the game is the perfect little puzzle platformer, but there is one glaring design flaw that nearly drove me to the brink in my playthrough. Eventually, towards the end of the game, you need to collect coins around the entire map to unlock the final method of getting back to the moon. Of the few dozen coins to collect, there is ONE that is infuriatingly frustrating to collect. Getting this one coin took longer than unlocking any other method for lunar return. To get the coin, you need to launch yourself from a cannon onto a certain platform. This cannon needs to be aimed PERFECTLY. By perfectly I mean PER-FREAKIN'-FECTLY. There is maybe a 2 pixel window that makes up the sweet spot. Whether you're using a joypad or keyboard, the aim is WAY too sensitive. On top of that,  everytime you miss and get back in the cannon, it resets. Even when you do get it right, you then have to traverse what is probably one of the hardest platforming obstacle courses in the history of the genre. And if you mess up and fall? Back in the cannon! So you spend the majority of your time firing the cannon, missing, firing again, missing, firing again, missing... over and over and over and over. This is not fun, this is not challenging, this is bad design and frustrating more than anything else.However, I can't decry the entire game because of this one puzzle. In fact, if and when you do finally pull it off, it's quite the sense of accomplishment! That's something many AAA titles can't claim. At the end of the day, it's a visually appealing, unique and tough puzzler that makes you think and challenges you. You've been warned."
,Recommended,233510,9538499,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,3.141592,"Incredibly pretty, very calm, and the plot is subtle yet pleasant."
,Recommended,233510,5270231,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,mokrun,ITS NOT FREE.
76561198061647423,Not Recommended,233510,12285140,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Waypoint,"Embarrasingly poorly optimized for as little as is going on (hope you like random blur filters on everything!), buries basic settings inside an obscure config file instead of exposing them, and will randomly decide it has a vendetta against your machine's configuration and bogs down to near unplayability even if your machine is normally pretty fast.Once I booted up a second machine to play it in a functioning state, it was still a mind-numbing tedious slog, even as far as atmospheric platformers go.  The environment is overly large and featureless in a way that feels more like empty padding than lonely atmosphere, and an overabundance of fake walls force you to ram your face into every surface along the way.  Instead of relaxing and soaking up the ambience, you're more likely to be holding an arrow key with one hand and your forehead in the other while you wait to move from one end of each empty room to the other."
,Recommended,233510,9554373,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,HeadShot,"This game is strange, I don't see the story :D but gameplay is fine."
,Recommended,233510,13117273,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,sere,The original escapevania.
,Recommended,233510,74907,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,Giraffe23i,Great exploration game. Find your own meaning.
,Recommended,233510,15914705,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,phvmmers,its okay.
,Not Recommended,233510,11083029,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Prof_Goodfeels,This game is the worst game I have ever played. 0.1/10
,Not Recommended,233510,9699271,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,FxIx,"I hoped this would be better than Boss Baddie's other terrible platformer--Wake. However, Lunnye is also a waste of time and combined they are the two worst titles I've ever encountered on Steam.Lunnye feels aimless and lacking structure, but promises you can ""build cannons and spaceships."" Presumably you build things by gathering enough items that you walk over and never hear from again. You have no HUD or menu to see what you've collected, no idea what they will be for, and no mechanics to involve you in their use. You can walk. You can jump. That's all. The only direction you get for this game is on the Steam store page. While I enjoy the openness and mystery of other games, Lunnye lacks the proper feeling of mystery and possibilities and instead feels poorly designed and constricted.This is not Proteus. This is not Limbo. It's a nice looking yet poorly designed and executed platformer. If you've had the misfortune of purchasing this game, farm the cards while you read a book and then move on."
,Recommended,233510,14111598,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Dopefish,A Zen game
,Recommended,233510,7235532,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Ow Meer,"Fun but short platformer, looks a lot like Limbo. The goal is to help the litle alien go back to the moon, there are 7 different ways to do it. Comes bundled with Wake, which is not very good."
,Recommended,233510,11236494,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,sprackattack,"Fun platform game. Not as minimalistic as 140 and short enough to not wear out its welcome with the simple design. 9/10 achievements are very approachable, the last one is a pain. Fair warning to achievement hunters."
,Not Recommended,233510,9689217,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Doc,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU ARE EPILEPTIC! The final level, the coin collection, randomly flashes a bright burst of light every 3-10 seconds randomly to simulate ""lightning"", filling the screen, blinding the player, and making it impossible to see what you're doing. The game was fine up until that point (if a little floaty) but it just feels like a crappy Limbo knock-off. Additionally it seems the final level, which is the only thing you can do once you've gotten the first six win conditions, covers up the decent soundtrack with a terrible ""rain"" sound effect, making it unpleasant to listen to. Unless you really like pixel-perfect platforming, don't buy this game. It's just obnoxious."
76561197978009802,Recommended,233510,22998136,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,KeeperBvK,"A short platformer set in an open world void of hazards. It's all about exploration, finding all hidden trinkets and all the endings, as well as letting the peaceful, mysterious atmosphere sink in.Controls are tight and there really isn't anything wrong with Lunnye Devitsy aside from some endings being too obscure to be found without a guide, one (optional) passage full of invisible passageways that can make you tear your hair out and some (also optional) platforming sections that require extremely precise inputs.So overall it's a solid recommendation unless you are a perfectionist (in terms of achievements and secrets) that can't handle a bit of frustration.It's certainly a unique game in an over-saturated genre and especially perfectly suited to anybody who, like me, loves to occasionally explore a game world without having to worry about enemies."
,Not Recommended,233510,22108059,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Stoned Gudetama,"Relaxing and enjoyable at times but laggy, and it didn't hold my attention for very long. Left it running for the trading cards."
,Not Recommended,233510,29609376,Posted: 31 January,all,Salarn,"https://youtu.be/pxYzsljzxqcIt could easily be due to personal failings, but the level design for 'Lunnye Devitsy' is almost as confusing as figuring out how to pronounce it's name.  The frequent dead ends combined with glitched collisions result inconsistent gameplay.  The collectable abilities expand the access to new areas but without any goals it continues to feel purposeless."
