user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198008681694,Recommended,233700,10410362,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Jeffreyac,"OK, let's get this out of the way right now.You will die.Lots.You will be poisoned, diseased, irradiated, blown up, and electrocuted. You will be hungry and starved, your equipment will break, your armor will fail, and your ammunition will run dry. You will be stunned, confused, blinded, and terrorized. You will be shot by crazed security robots, shredded by mutated terrors, and gnawed on by countless foes, and occasionally disintegrated....so, you've got that going for you.Overview (what is it?):Sword of the Stars: The Pit is a turn-based top-down roguelike, where you play a character exploring a hostile and ancient alien complex trying to find the cure for a plague that is running rampant through the worlds.Gameplay:Well, for those unfamiliar with roguelikes - this game is not meant to be beaten in a few hours then discarded. As my introduction stated, this is a challenging game, with permanent death (the game mechanics prevent you from saving, except to exit the game) and you can only have one active game per character class at once, so you'll frequently watch as a character you've invested hours of gameplay into is wiped out or overwhelmed. Because the game is randomly generated each time, sometimes bad luck will end a good run with not much you can do about it. Your character has several limiting factors to keep in mind - ammunition is limited, and can only be replenished by finding more (which, depending on the weapon, may not be that common). Food is a concern as well, as there is a hunger mechanism that makes starving a real possibility if you can't find or make enough food to stay alive. Disease is a concern - not just from infected creatures, but perhaps by being forced to eat things you shouldn't...  And, of course, there's just running out of hit points and dying at the hands of the denizens of the complex!Gameplay itself is turn based, with you and monsters alternating turns (though, if no monsters are visible or present, your turns run seamlessly together making it easy to move around). each turn you have a limited number of movement points to move around the grid squares and explore the complex, looking for abandoned equipment you can scavenge or repair, old lockers that might contain food or items you could use - and, of course, creatures that may still be lurking! Somewhere on each level is a hatch leading to the next level below, with monsters getting tougher as you descend.The interface is a nice balance of being easy to get used to, though does take a quick reference of the manual to learn some of the finer points. generally, you move with the awsd keys, and use the space bar to interact with objects you face. 'Interact' is case sensitive; for a locker or a freezer, it'll be 'open', a locked vault will be 'unlock', a broken piece of equipment will be 'repair', etc. Combat is similarly simple - equip the weapon you'd like (or select from available hotkeys), and click on the target. (And, yes, there is a good tutorial available to teach you all this stuff!)Overall, though the game itself is simple, I found (and still find!) it interesting because some of the choices the gameplay provides. I'm hungry - do I dare risk eating my tainted meat, or press a little further in hopes of finding something more suitable? The room ahead is heavily guarded - is it worth the ammunition I'll use (and wounds I'll take!) to clear it in hopes of finding equipment I can use, or should I bypass it? My inventory is full - do I drop some of the parts I'm carrying in hopes of building something useful down the line, or sacrifice some of my limited food, ammo, or extra weapons?Crafting:Since I mentioned it above, a note on crafting. As you explore, you will find recipes and blueprints (or, sometimes, discover them yourself) that allow you to combine items you find to create new items. Some of these are intuitive (cook raw meat to make cooked meat. Combine certain meat with bread to make a sandwich, etc.) but the crafting system is very involved, to the point of being able to craft for yourself armor, weapons, and equipment that will drastically improve your chances for survival. How involved? Well, I'm several HUNDRED hours into the gameplay, and still am constantly finding new clues and recipes...   it's certainly a rich and rewarding ara to explore -though sometimes frustrating, as the random nature of the game means you may have a great blueprint, but be short of a needed item to build what you want, and unable to find said item (or, worse sometimes, have all the items you need, but lack a workstation to assemble it!) The limited inventory space means you can't simply carry everything - you have to decide what is important to you, which again leads to some interesting choices sometimes. Anyway, know that crafting is very important in this game, and there's much to discover here!(Also, note that I play The Pit with several DLC installed; this does add some to the crafting, but to be fair, I don't think I'm close to finding all the recipes from the original game yet!)Characters:Your first choice when you begin a game is which character you'd like to play. The original game provides three options - a marine, who is very capable in combat but lacking in the finesse and scientific skills; an engineer who has lots of technical know-how but limited combat effectiveness; or a scout - a sort of jack-of-all-trades character, a mix of some finesse and technical skills combined with some light combat skills as well.Available DLC (downloadable content) allows you to broaden this class list: Mind Games adds psionic powers to the game and allows you to play as a human Scion or an alien Tarka Ranger, and the Gold expansion adds four more (three immediately and one unlockable) characters.I won't go into too much character detail here - the info is out there if you choose, but suffice it to say that each character has strengths and weaknesses, different starting equipment and skills, as well as a personal backstory for why the character is descending into The Pit.And the choices you make are very relevant, too - for example, the marine excels at combat, so you'd think he'd be easy to play, as monsters don't really scare him. However, his lack of foraging skills mean he's more likely to go hungry from not finding food, and he may run out of ammo faster from not being able to find more - plus his limited science skills mean he's less able to craft new equipment for himself.Overall, most of the classes are well balanced - there's one I find to be a touch overpowered, and a couple I don't play because they don't fit my playstyle (one in particular seems a little weak) but with this much to choose from it seems to me that the average player is going to find at least a couple they really enjoy.Character Advancement:Your character has four attributes (might, finesse, brains, and power) that you can increase as you advance, as well as various skills. Skills include weapons skills (pistol, rifle, blade, to name a few) and equally important non-combat skills (foraging, lockpicking, psionic skills, decipher, electronics, etc). The basic game has something like 20 skill areas available to your character, and the mindgame expansion adds five more (five different psionic skills) for a total of 25. Each time you gain a level, you're given a number of skill points (dependant on character class) to assign. Again, it comes down to choice - you can't be good at everything, so what's important to you? Skills will level with use to a certain point - but to be really good takes some added skill points.Your character also has various other values (hit points, armor, etc) that are fairly self-evident, but I do want to make note of the hunger mechanism. Each character has a 'food' bar, similar to a life/hit points bar- eat some food, this goes up to a certain maximum."
76561198063005897,Recommended,233700,12545872,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Coremech,"Hands down my favorite rogue-like on steam. ( I  <3 U 2 FTL )I've put in over 125 hours of starvation, ammo depletion, broken equipment and death and death and death. I love it and I still have yet to get close to beating this game.  Not only did the game start with a crazy amount of resources, recipes, weapons, monsters and skills, but they kept adding to it! New characters, psi abilities more recipes and monsters. What do I do will all this random junk in my backpack, everything can be used to craft something new. And on top of that it has a great Sci-Fi dungeon crawl feel. Starving, saving your laser ammo until your skills are up and worrying if your combat knife is going to break on the next attack. The greatest game I've never beat!"
76561197989694163,Recommended,233700,7763378,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,mejis,"One of my favourite games of all time and a close call for GOTY for me.This snuck up on me earlier in the year and after I gave the demo a go I was instantly hooked and bought the full game, and subsequent expansions over the course of the year.With endless replayability, the game is an excellent Rogue-like where your chosen character must traverse through an ever-descending series of floors. The monsters (of which there are so, so many different and unique types) get harder the deeper you go, the loot gets progressively better although is still wonderfully randomised -- sometimes you are cursing your lack of equipment, other times you get lucky. Food is scarce, so you must scavenge to stay alive. You can craft items and food from recipes which you can discover through experimentation or by hacking computer terminals and gradually uncovering pieces of text leading you to the full recipe. This element adds to the replayability as you'll likely learn something new from each run.The game is brutally hard as you crank up the difficult level, but for those looking for an easier time the Easy setting is much more forgiving.So yeah, if you like Rogue-likes and want an extremely polished turn-based game with wonderful graphical style, sound and huge replayability, I can't recommend this enough :)"
,Recommended,233700,7777196,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Hobbes,"(In the interests of full disclosure, this review is based on the Gold Edition - which should be considered the best option available).A metacritic of 68? Who reviewed this game? Ben Kuchera? Did it not have enough empty houses for him to rummage through with stories of teenage girl angst to get voyeuristic over?It's nethack, but not your father or your mother's nethack. This is tried and tested ""Get in from the frozen exterior of a planet into a secret underground base that extends downwards further than any greedy dwarf dared dig."" model, but brought up to date with a solid lick of paint, high resolution graphics, and a clear and consistent approach to enemies, objects and overall design.The story, what there is, is much the norm for such roguelikes, it's merely the pretext for getting you to the front of the dungeon, the reality is that this is a true roguelike, you go as far as you can, aiming to reach the bottom of the pit, or die messily along the way. You only have one life, no do-overs. Unlike a lot of ""modern"" nethacks, this one goes back to roll style checks for skill tests, and gives an extensive list of possible talents to sculpt and model your character. The Gold edition additionally features several extra classes, giving you a respectable pool of choices, both human and nonhuman in nature (playing as an alien ranger is -awesome- ).It's base levels all the way down, they're all evil, they all want to kill you.Scattered throughout each randomly generated floor is a variety of traps, both tile and door based, locked chests and rooms, and various devices that may help or hinder your ability to progress. Ranging from defunct cookers that need repairing to prepare a simple blandwich (Don't ask what's in one, really, you don't want to know..), to advanced and somewhat dotty security computers that may just as readily electrocute you as deactivate the several heavily armed and armoured droids patrolling the area.The game operates functionally as a turn based game, with each discrete action you take allowing the AI the opportunity to respond (hint - if the game pauses briefly between moves, there's something nearby, and it's almost certainly unfriendly). You take an action, the AI takes an action, repeat until either you or whatever the AI sent your way has collapsed in a pool of it's own fluids.Make sure you know what you're killing, and you're killing it with the right gun.When dealing with multiple foes, target selection becomes important, you can if you feel confident let the computer handle targetting and it does a sensible enough job, but on occasion you'll want to step in yourself to ensure that the scariest thing dies first. Combat employs a wide variety of melee and projectile weapons, and in keeping with the future sci-fi aesthetic, these can be pretty fantastical, including laser, plasma and other interesting effects.With the addition of extra characters, Mind Games and all the extra ways to die, The Pit has become highly complex, very well supported, and a deep and involving creature, there's now many ways to die, many ways to survive, and many accomodations for various playstyles. This is -not- however, baby's first nethack. You will want to start with say, Dungeons of Dredmor, because this one will kill you in good order if you're not at least familiar with the concept of being pragmatic and cautious and making efficient use of your time. Hunger can ruin your life far easier than you might expect.In such games, death can come in many ways, here is no exception. Simply being impaled is for novices, try being irradiated, choked by a mimic pretending to be a med station, diseased by an out of control experiment, or being melted in acid. It is important to note that in these games - Death is an opportunity to learn, not a signal of failure. Go in expecting to die a lot, and the ultimate victory will be that much sweeter.Closing thoughtsThis game is not for the faint of heart, but it is well worth the effort, and for an intermediate roguelike player, someone who's cut their teeth on more forgiving entries to the genre (Dungeons of Dredmor is a great place to start), this is the logical progression. Welcome to The Pit. Enjoy your stay.Verdict :Highly recommended, and to the so called ""professional reviewers"" who say otherwise, hang your heads in shame you overpriced wastes of space. You no longer deserve the sites you work for."
76561198155044288,Recommended,233700,16449570,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Samington Miggs,"I would encourage more kids to play as it is an entertaining critical thinking/time & resource management challenge… vs learning how to call strangers piles of sticks online in COD-ish games.Pros:+ 30-40 Floors of randomized obstacles turn base RPG (depending on DLC purchased)+ Every DLC adds not just a character but improves upon existing game mechanic – so not money grabs but adds value to WHOLE game – worth getting even if you don’t want new chars IMHO.+ Dungeons of Dredmor like turn based combat, so great for alt-tab, pick me up anytime game+ Need to manage, inventory/resources in Deus EX 1 like inventory grid.+ Different enemies/traps that require different tactics, weapons and approaches.+ Tons of loot and craft able weapons, armors, gadgets – ***Google sword of the stars the pit Wiki for an idea. but it contains spoilers**+ Tons of different skills to focus on, so different characters have different playstyles (Not exactly like SPECIAL/perk system from fallout series but uniquely good)+ 3-8ish different classes with different skills/equipment load out+Decent voice/music/sound acting (I actually really love the soundtrack though!)Cons:-Dated graphics (but pro if you’re into that like I am)-Difficult learning curve, can understand why some players get turned off by this (pro if you like a challenge that requires adapting)-Player won’t have idea of what items/tactics necessary for successful runs (but seems to be part of the game design of learning via failures etc.)-Will have to play multiple times to unlock certain recipes to craft important (but not game required) items. Can cheat with wiki but normal way to unlock is to just play a lot as recpies are unlocked via skill checks at consoles-Lack of a storyline – it’s there but in the form of lore/messages obtained from consoles (which also is the only way to learn recipes (sans wiki)-1 Save per class picked, max 5 slots.. but only as game progress save (sorry no save scumming!)"
76561198040457997,Not Recommended,233700,13916311,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Keemossi,"There's simply too much tedious crap that's required for optimal gameplay. You want to lockpick all the doors for xp/skillups, drop all the items before walking through any trapped door until you've identified the item destroying trap, spam psi/melee skills on empty air for skillups.. stuff that adds no fun gameplay, requires no decisions, yet is mandatory.Also, there is way too much rng. It is perfectly possible to lose a run because you don't get another type of weapon and run out of ammo, no matter how much you melee/knife stuff. Or  you can faceroll a run with good drops. And you don't know which it'll be until you've spent a few hours on a run.Though, the game does include a built-in way to cheat rng. By depositing xp/items from other previous characters to new ones. Which kind of breaks the whole point of roguelike, you can just grind your way through the game if you're inclined to.To be fair, it's sort of fun. But there's way too much♥♥♥♥♥♥design to truly recommend this game, when you could play Crawl instead."
,Recommended,233700,13802931,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,SuperStarAD,"Goddamn, the Pit is brutal. Everything in the Pit wants you dead, from rats to robots to scared & confused aliens to flying fungi with guns, but even the doors, containers, and medical supplies often seek to do you harm. The one moment you let down your guard, you'll be in serious trouble or dead before you fully realize what happened.The Pit is difficult, challenging, and you gotta be in it for the long haul to truly progress.What else makes this game fascinating?Randomness: Everything is randomly generated. You will never have the same experience twice. Level maps, the enemies you face, the items you loot, the amount of skill points you receive when leveling up, the effect of potions, the effect that doors have when you walk through them, weapon & armor mods, every detail is procedurally generated.Size of content: There’s an amazing amount of creatures, items to find, items to use, items to craft, and messages you must decipher slowly over time left behind by the previous rulers of the Pit. The 11 available classes/characters each provide their own unique experience in gameplay mechanics and strategy. I have played for over 200 hours, have completed only 26% of its achievements, and think I've experienced only about 25% of the game's content (based on guides on its items, creatures, and crafting recipes).Combining the sheer size of content with the crazy randomness of it all, results in infinite possibilities for dangerous fun. Oh yeah, and there’s permadeath, with no manual saving points.The Pit reinforces the terror of your inevitable death with every movement. Every step you take, every room you walk into, every container you attempt to open, anything can take you down at any moment.The Pit has a steep learning curve. If you enjoy difficult but not impossible games, deep turn-based strategy, and sci-fi RPGs, you won’t regret playing this game."
,Recommended,233700,20250071,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ctl-Alt-l33t,"This is one of the most challenging Rogue-likes (or lites) out there. Similar to Dungeons of Dredmor, but way more punishing. There's something quite addictive in the gameplay though, especially if you work to decipher all of the crafting recipies instead of looking them up. Overall, it's a fun game that presents a lot of random elements that can sometimes stack against you and seem very unfair. Despite that, it's still fun to go on a run every once in a while, and the devs were very good about supporting the game with free content for over a year after the game was released. You probably got this game in a bundle, so try it out"
76561198052199940,Not Recommended,233700,12653700,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,platoscum,"I've sunk a shocking number of hours into this Pit and I am in the paradoxical situation of not recommending this game.  It has many good points.  But it is a sadistic game designed to trap a certain type of gamer who confuses difficulty as gameplay.  And I fell for this trap hard.  I have completed this game on the normal difficulty.  I have also died trying more times than I can estimate.  Was the journey worth it?  No.  I offer a metaphor for what it's like to win this game.  It's like a casino with thirty floors.  You start with a hundred bucks.  And you've got to play at every table at least once.  But you lose a dollar every five minutes, because the game has a brutal food clock.  Yeah, Good Luck.  For masochists only."
,Recommended,233700,20268792,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Valzi,Doesn't deserve it's horrible Metacritic score. This is a very fun roguelike. In my top 20 or so.
,Recommended,233700,470328,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Mateo,"Addictive, addictive, addictive.I think this rogue-like is just the almost perfect blend (putting ""almost"" in the sentence as no game can ever be perfect, but this one is just so close). Crafting, exploring, fighting etc. and all these with endlessly fun randomized parameters. I love this game!"
,Recommended,233700,7834007,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,cloud,"Sword of the Stars!There are some things in gaming that will just never, ever get old, going deeper and deeper into a dungeon while looting everything there possibly is to loot being one of them.  You can't miss with this basic premise, but you can certainly sweeten the pot.  Making the loot drool worthy is a complicated exercise in tug-of-war: too strong, and you'll never find improvments, not enough and you have your players getting bored.  SotS deftly walks this tightrope with a deep crafting system and the depth of the game itself.Let me explain what I mean by that a little more:  The game is pretty difficult (if you're playing correctly :^)) but there are A LOT of cool things to find that can be a big help.  Whether it's a electronic chip that boosts your computer skill to max level, or a sick, sick piece of armor, every cool find is made cooler by the hope of getting deeper into your run they represent.You start the game having to choose a difficulty (at least hard for the most fun) and a class.  The differences in the classes are refreshingly pronounced and greatly influence how the game plays out.  The Commando has a big advantage with starting equipment and stats, but doesn't grow as fast as the Scout (whom will get one or two shotted on the first few floors of the Pit).Combat is fluid and lovely. The game is actually turn based so standing still gives you time to size up situations and make a decision.  Everything takes place on a grid.  The game has a magic ability to shoot at the square you want even when you misclick.  Seriously, it's uncanny.As with most roguelikes, your goal is to get as far as you can.  I think you can actually beat this game but it's harder than a mother ♥♥♥♥er.  Replay value is built in with the roguelike genre, but The Pit particularly so since the game changes even more than normal from run to run and class to class.8.4/10"
76561197967174258,Recommended,233700,22174658,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Unfortunate,"This game is excellent for so many reasons. It's a Rogue-like, and, if you know what that means, you're probably a fan of the type. If not, do a little research because the sub-genre isn't for everyone.Firstly, the game is very broad for how simple it is. There are a ton of interactable objects within the Pit to interact with, all relying on your particular class' skills and some RNG to determine the effect when using them. (Typically, pass/fail, but sometimes the reward or punishment can be greater than standard.) Tons of weapons, armors, utility items and the like to aid in your overall objective which is to reach the bottom of the Pit!There's a crafting system in place, but you'll have to find the right Interactable objects and the recipes (sometimes, you can guess or cheat if you want) to craft the items. However, your recipes and 'deciphering' progress are saved across playthroughs, so you'll be able to access previously acquired recipes or progress to acquiring them regardless of your deaths. (And you will die, often).The graphics are semi-retro but colorful and pleasing, and despite their somewhat lighthearted appearance, the game has this eerie feel to it that is enhanced by the imagery.The audio is fine, nothing spectacular, but it isn't bad or unfitting. The soundtrack can become a little redundant once you've put a lot of time into the game, but the track changes ~5 floors. And honestly, I feel its atmospheric quality makes it acceptable 'background' music, in that it doesn't grate on your nerves.The interface and controls are excellent. Straight-forward and for the most part, comprehensive. You can play the game completely without a mouse but I don't really see any advantage to it.The gameplay itself is very different. You have 'moves' available displayed above your health/stats bars that dictates how many squares you can move before two things happen. 1) The 'time' increases by 1 point each time you exhaust your moves. 2) All the enemies on your particular floor will take their turn, whether or not it interferes with you. So it is at your behest to do more research on this style of turn-based play, I remember it being a little disorienting at first.As time progresses lots of passive systems take effect, like your 'food' levels, health regen (you and enemies) buffs/debuffs etc. On the higher difficulties, time can become VERY crucial, making each step its own calculated decision. Some actions use 1 or more time units regardless of your Move allowance. Things like reloading or interacting with the world. There's a pretty sharp learning curve at the very beginning but it all makes sense very quickly and there are a ton of beginner guides that are far more comprehensive than this little review.ALSO! Learn to make use of Ctrl+W/A/S/D this allows you to turn without using a move-unit, which is critical for observing your surroundings before potentially allowing the enemy a turn.I only just came back to this game after almost 2 years because someone commented on a forum post from way back. It reminded me how much I love this game and the punishment it can deliver. It's a great game by a great Indie company and it comes with a ton of DLC that add lots of little pieces and additional classes. My suggestion is to get it all at once, as some of the DLC adds quality-of-life and UI improvements that I wouldn't want to deal with anymore. Get it all!TL:DR Get this game, it's affordable, fun and has a highly addictive replay value!"
76561197966287779,Not Recommended,233700,22156018,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Xenrathe,"The utmost problem with this game is that it's similar to fellow rogue-like Dungeons of Dredmor, but inferior in every conceivable way. As I was playing, I eventually had a fatal thought. Why am I playing this instead of DoD, Dungeonmans, ADoM, or another vastly more enjoyable roguelike?I had no answer whatsoever and so I stopped - in the middle of a pretty good run that may well have led to victory - and uninstalled it. I feel better already.The trickiness is that the game appears well-crafted and designed, and nicely executes on that addictive formula of needing just one more key ingredient or item to make a solid run. So you keep going, searching every crate and biopod for your holy grail. And when you don't find it and instead die, you think JEEZ I was SO close. And that thought, that sense of ALMOST is so overwhelming that you forget to ask yourself: was I even having fun?Well no, and here's why:-Every run begins with a boring grind. That's how it's designed. You have to be moderately idiotic or unlucky to fail within the first 10 or so levels, yet if you want to succeed in the later 20, you have to play those first ten conservatively and thoroughly. This means using your fists and knives to conserve ammo and durability - which means taking longer to kill every monster. You have to lockpick every door and station in order to raise your skills and get exp. This takes hours and it's not fun because...-Tactics and variety are both nil. Except for rare situations, combat tactics do not extend beyond conservation of durability and ammo. Most of the classes play remarkably similarly. The biggest difference is starting gear. But they otherwise have the same skills and stats, just different starting numbers... which primarily affect RNG success or failure. Weapons all function more or less the same. Not that it would matter anyway because the only choice you have is to use what the game gives you, and that's just how it's gonna be.-Inventory and itemization sucks. First off, as I said, nothing you get offers drastic new tactical opportunities. It's mostly just numbers. This bread can be combined with this meat to raise this hunger bar by this amount. This repair kit raises this durability number. This necklace gives 5 to your stats so you have a 1% greater chance at the RNG game. Nothing that will totally change how you play the game. Second off, crafting blows. Finding recipes is laughably grindy (and on some characters impossible), so basically everyone resorts to the wiki. But even using the wiki, I never once crafted anything cool. Not armor, not a weapon, not a robot friend to follow me around. At best, I put a scope on a rifle which -- yep you guessed it! -- gave me a slightly higher chance of winning the RNG game.-All of this combines to make death entirely unenjoyable and onerous. Which yeah kind of a weird statement. But not really. That's supposed to be a roguelike's modus operandi. Yeah, sure, your char permadies BUT here's some metagame progression to lessen the sting. OR hey that just means you get to try out a new character with totally different tactics! There is NONE of that here. You die - and it's 50/50 whether it was your fault - and that's that. And then you pick a character who essentially plays the same as the one who just died.Basically, if this were the ONLY roguelike available, I'd probably recommend it. Roguelikes are sweet. But there is NO particular reason to play THIS one. If you're tempted to buy it, don't. Get Dungeons of Dredmor or another roguelike instead. Or if you already own one, go load it up. You'll have more fun, I guarantee it."
,Recommended,233700,12928815,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,JaCrispy,"Easily the most hidden gem (roguelike-wise) on steam.  An ACTUAL roguelike with tons of stats, numbers, skills, crafting, etc.  Well worth the money."
,Recommended,233700,12426400,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Silva,"For fiction in general, not just videogames, there are works which attribute their  success to being innovative and others that rely on typical genre conventions but are constructed well enough that generic elements fail to make them weaker as stories/movies/games/whatever. Between these two loosely defined and ocassionally overlapping categories, Sword of the Stars: The Pit is the latter. If you have experience with roguelikes, especially older ones, you have seen the elements that make it up before: heavily randomized level layouts, a prominent hunger mechanic to penalize idleness, and turn-based movement and combat. If all you care about is new game mechanics, this roguelike may not be for you.Yet what Sword of the Stars: The Pit lacks in innovation it more than makes up for in polish, setting, and play style diversity. Each of the classes, with or without the additional ones from DLC, feels sufficiently different that relying on the same strategies in a universal manner is going to get you killed. With a host of stats and systems for gunplay, psychic powers and melee combat there is a class or two for everyone.Chances are you will still die, of course. As rogue-likes go, this one is relatively forgiving, but the key word is relatively. You will still ♥♥♥♥ up and get murdered or starve, possibly several times in a row if you are unlucky or careless. If all you care about is getting to the end of a game, this probably isn't for you. If you can accept and embrace failure, however, Sword of the Stars has plenty of fun to be had on the way to the reaper."
,Recommended,233700,22974800,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Slytusk,"BEWARE, it’s so addictive roguelike rpg in science fiction universe.One more turn, one more level, one more run..."
,Not Recommended,233700,27915967,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Teellox,"Giving this a thumbs down not because of the content, but because of the confusing state of Linux support. Some of the DLC works. Some of it doesn't. Fullscreen isn't available. The Linux version of the game is behind the Windows version, and despite a pinned post from the developer saying an update is coming out ""soon"", it's about 20 months old with no update on its progress.If you're playing on Windows, read the other reviews to see if this is a good deal or not. If you're playing on Linux, you might want to try another roguelike like Tales of Maj'Eyal (ToME), which is not only an excellent game, but has had consistently solid Linux support throughout its entire history."
76561198214592032,Recommended,233700,18575712,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,phillipshead,"The Pit has got to be one of the pinnacles of modern rogue-like. It's frustratingly difficult. Sometimes too frustrating, and sometimes too easy. Which is to say two things:1. The RNG in this game can be decidedly cruel or benevolent. Getting that one weapon from that one locker on floor 3 could mean the difference between dying on the next floor or 10 floors later. And then, sadly, sometimes you'll get that weapon and it'll be meant for another race. Or you'll get a power suit and you're not a marine (who plays marine anyway?). Considering the wide variety of items, and how exclusive many of them are, it stands to reason that they implemented my second point...2. ... that being the ""blue rooms"" on every 5th floor. Now, here's where you can basically cheese the game to make it easy, depending on how much time and effort you feel like spending. Every 5th floor there is a room somewhere that contains two storage units that can be accessed by any character on that same difficulty: one for experience, and one for items. A character who REACHES this floor may ONLY deposit into both of these, but they can deposit *anything*. Including all of your experience gained from level 1, if you chose to not level up your character at all, allowing you to donate a gigantic amount of experience (since it multiples your donation by 5). As well, you can donate any items, including any of your starting gear, which can allow for some nasty combinations. A NEW character that STARTS on the floor you donated to can access and withdraw from these, but not deposit.This wouldn't be an issue to me if the system were implemented in an easier way. This is really my only gripe. A more thought-out way of giving your new character an edge based on how well you did/lucky you were on your last runs would've been appreciated--I choose to simply ignore the blue rooms.Okay, one more gripe: crafting. You'll find all sorts of stuff and have a hard time crafting. Your inventory will fill quickly and you'll not want to get rid of all the puzzle pieces you have for stuff. It's frustrating.That's it, though. This game frustrates the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me and I love it for it. Great survival gameplay, starvation is a very real threat (especially if you're Striker), as is running out of ammunition or having weapons break, things exploding, acid eating at your armor, traps destroying your favorite gadgets, poisons from annoying, screeching spiders with crazy movespeed that can kill you in a few turns, bullets that'll mow through the uncautious... fun for the whole family, really."
76561198000819664,Recommended,233700,12315454,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,c_tolleson,"I have almost 500 games on steam, and another 1000+ console games.  I keep coming back and playing this.  It's fun!"
76561197972164218,Recommended,233700,10944908,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Pottsey,"Lost countless hours due to the feeling of one more try, one more move, one more go, one more level e.c.t Not had that in a game since Civilisation. So many build options for your character and the unlock system for R&D is great. You unlock projects from hacking computers which lets you build new items. These items can be built by new characters opening up further options on later playthroughs and you will need later play playthroughs. Expect to die and start from level 1 a lot.Update: 2016, still stands the test of time."
76561198089481768,Not Recommended,233700,30903334,Posted: 2 April,all,FluffyCat,"I love challenging roguelikes, but this game has too many flaws to recommend. It's a shame because the flaws are easily fixable if the developers would adapt to feedback. Specifically:1) Grinding for recipes: might be fun for a small percentage of players, but it's extremely tedious and boring for others. Suggested fix: make grinding for recipes optional for players who are willing to waste the extra hours to do so, but do not force it on players who want to enjoy the rest of the tactical challenges the game has to offer.2) Tediousness of traps: some trap doors eliminate critical items that effectively end a run. There are known workarounds used by some of the most dedicated players (e.g. LuckyLuckLuc's hardcore playthroughs), but the workaround is to tediously drop each item in inventory and tediously pick them all up again. Stupidly essential, but not remotely fun.Going through a roguelike phase and loving other games in the genre, I came back to this game over a year later to revisit it, but am disappointed to see these flaws remain. This game could instantly become one of the best roguelikes available on PC if it addressed some of these simple issues.Traps can be dangerous/hardcore and still be fun. An example of a game that does this superbly is Shattered Pixel Dungeon for Android (free, open source, no ads, 100% excellent). Examples of good traps (from SPD):- start on fire and need to get to water or risk losing up to 30% health and burning valuable scrolls- toxic/paralysis gas: need to escape immediately- cursing trap: severely undermines 1-3 key items until curse can be lifted(common theme: all are challenging, and ideally avoided, but can be survived and don't instantly end a run. The game does have a few extremely punishing traps in the last 3 floors, but by that point a savvy player has ideally acquired enough scrolls of magic mapping to navigate most/all those floors)Examples of bad traps (Sword of the Stars: The Pit): sit and tediously drop all your items before walking through a door or sorry your run is done.It's a shame to see a game with such great potential remain so terrible due to a few easily addressable design issues. Bought this game and would still like to revisit it some day if these issues are ever addressed."
76561198097825619,Not Recommended,233700,29636449,Posted: 1 February,all,Aaron j b t,"First off, if you enjoy using game wikis, then you can skip this review. There are several reasons why I don't recommend this game, but for the purposes of this review I will stick to just one, and it's from the perspective of someone who intentionally avoids spoilers and wikis***This game commits one of my cardinal sins of game design: it makes the player grind for the information required to beat the game. Here's a step-by-step explanation of why this grind is unplayable.1. At it's core, The Pit is a game about efficiency.  Death rarely comes as a result of a tactical misstep, but rather as a result of running out of resources, be it ammo, food, or armor.  Therefore, all drops must be maximized for efficiency, and this requires crafting.2. How are crafting recipes discovered?  Through ""data hacking"" at randomly placed terminals (about 1 terminal per hour of gameplay).3. One crafting recipe per hour sounds reasonable, yes? Unfortunately, these terminals have a chance of being broken and needing an RNG dependant repair.  In my experience, an average player level has about a 50/50 chance of successfully repairing the terminal.4. One recipe per two hours?  A grind no doubt, but reasonable. Unfortunately, these terminals have about a 50/50 chance of containing only story exposition text, no recipe.5. One recipe per four hours?  Unfortunately, your player ""hacking skill"" affects the percentage of the text that is actually decoded. In my experience, there's a 1/4 chance of revealing all necessary words to infer the recipe.5. One recipe per sixteen hours?  Unfortunately, in order to test your hypothesis about the recipe ingredients, you must also find a randomly generated crafting station.  These also spawn broken, requiring another RNG-dependant repair. Regardless of whether the recipe is successful or not, the ingredients will be destroyed and removed from your inventory, so if you feel like experimenting with your fancy machine gun, some wires, and an energy capsule, you will only get to try once, and then you can kiss all three items goodbye.  Remember, as this is an efficiency game, you can also kiss this run goodbye (but don't worry, we're not trying to win yet, we're just grinding for information).There's a limit to how much time I will spend ""practicing"" for a successful run rather than actually attempting one. It's a shame, because the game does have some redeeming elements. But believe me, you cannot complete a run in The Pit without good gear, and you cannot craft good gear without a ~100-200hr grind for the required information.If you're ok reading the wiki, maybe pick it up on sale and try it out for yourself. Otherwise, spare yourself the frustration."
76561198051356885,Recommended,233700,32416258,Posted: 14 June,all,Hamehasel,"I need HELP ! I cannot stop !I just continue to play over and over  again . Only insane , only with my own personal wiki , recipes discovered only by me by me . No tricks only hardcore . For all  rogue - sci-fi- turnbased fans my highest recommendation."
76561198047292553,Recommended,233700,17710025,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,devilindupriest,"Sci-fi RPGs are few and far between (aside from anime magick-science, which is a bit cotton candy as far as sci-fi goes.  But I digress).  Good rogue-likes are also moderately hard to find.  This is both.  It can be very difficult, but it's also very rewarding when you get experienced."
76561198011882010,Not Recommended,233700,15011021,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Concaco,"If you're into games that are 90% about RNG and 10% about actual gameplay, you will like The Pit. I guess.It's fun for a while to die over and over again few moments after a thought ""this run is going pretty well"". But, ultimately, I found myself bored after a couple of recent runs. I never liked rouge likes or ♥♥♥♥♥♥ online card games (hearthstone, ♥♥♥♥ that toxic online casino for blizzard sheeple) that revolve mostly around RNG element. In the end, you feel that you have little to no control on whether you will succeed or loose. Maybe I simply suck with resource management in RNG games - I don't know nor I care. It seems to me that the game is intentionally designed to have few dozens runs that end terribly just to gather recipes and deposit experience points, just to succeed on 101st try. Ok, but I have better things to do.You have loads of content, play styles, characters. But your carefully built character will die very fast if the game decides to generate♥♥♥♥♥♥loot or good items that are absolutely useless on your current character.I think that the most appeal in this game comes from its peculiar art style and esthetics. Combined with well executed UI, sound and voice assets, it's a very attractive production.It's hard for me to imagine someone wasting hundreds of hours to beat the game on higher difficulties, but other people have worse fetishes."
76561197978348832,Recommended,233700,31766726,Posted: 15 May,all,.:TEAM:.  Alpha Chonx,"First off, yes this is a true Rogue-like. Not an action Rogue-lite, not a RPG with Rogue-like features.Sword of the Stars: The Pit boasts turn-based gameplay, has perma-death and features elements of randomisation to make each run unique. There are 3 classes to choose from in the base game (12 in total with all DLC) each with their own stats and starting equipment and each plays very differently. Tactics and strategy are a must if you want any hope of getting anywhere in this game because in true Rogue-like fashion, it's hard as fook.But you're already prepared for that to be the case right? You wouldn't be perusing this type of game if you weren't. So yea, the game is hard, even on easy.Inventory management and prioritisation is really important in the Pit and is well implemented with a grid-based inventory within which you have to shuffle stuff around and decide what loot to take and what to leave behind. (you can always backtrack to pick up stuff from earlier as nothing de-spawns, you can only backtrack 2 floors however).-Status effects abound! Burning, Acid, Fear, Blindness, Wounded, Slow, Paralysed, Cold, Poison Etc.-Has melee, knives, blades, powered blades and many different gun and ammo types as well as grenades and mines (and Psi powers if you have the Mindgames DLC)-A crafting system which becomes deeper with every playthrough as you will discover recepies which are permanent.-Lots of stats-based activities such as foraging, mechanical, computing, lockpicking etc to gain that much needed advantage.-Loads of enemies. They will ruin your day if you let them.As you can probably guess, I really like Sword of the Stars : The Pit. I'd recommend getting it if you like the genre as it is a fine example of how a game like this should be done..TL;DR: Like a challenging, engaging Rogue-like? SotS: The Pit has your back.TL;DR 2: Basically A Sci-fi Dungeons of Dredmor (Which is also awesome so buy that too if you don't have it)"
76561197992619500,Recommended,233700,7792702,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Wild Salmon,"Sword of the Stars: The Pit offers countless hours of exciting and challenging gameplay! It has everything you want in a roguelike RPG: randomised levels, tense exploration, survival, character progression, crafting, traps, foraging, a cool sci-fi environment, and hundreds of enemies, items, recipes, and weapons!The Pit throws your chosen character into a deadly underground alien facility in search of a cure for a deadly plague wreaking havoc across your world. There is no turning back - you have to venture deeper until you either find the cure or die of hunger, disease, poison, radiation, or one of the many deadly inhabitants.You start out with a selection of skills and items, depending on your class. Whether you are the marine loaded with heavy weapons, ammo, and armour, or the engineer skilled in repairs, crafting, and opening containers, but with relatively light armement - you will have your own strengths and weaknesses. Every room you uncover poses new challenges, enemies, and potential rewards.I highly recommend this game to everyone who enjoys a good roguelike RPG. It has so many items, enemies, and rooms to explore that it will keep you occupied for hours. I also recommend the Gold Edition which adds so much more to the game!"
76561197983601366,Recommended,233700,14432961,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,William Shakeshack,"The Pit is a great rogue-like game with expansive content, variety and charm. The game is very accessible but yet very deep. It's an ideal game for someone who wants to delve into this genre.Every class plays differently and each playthrough is a challenge. Thanks to the looting, hunger and crafting system, the game has a lot of replayability. Furthermore there is much to explore and interact with making it just a very enjoyable game.The controls are smooth and the game works flawlessly. The presentation is nice and so are the sound assets. Nothing to complain about.My only major gripe with this game is that each run can be quite slow paced and take a ridiculous amount of time, also you might feel really frustrated if you accumulated extremely good loot and you lose everything after being killed in a very unfair way. Hours of progress can instantly be lost, I feel like it should be more fast paced. Each run takes up to several hours just go get into the deeper levels.Nevertheless I highly recommend this game for it's great accessibility and replay value, highly addictive!"
76561198011296827,Recommended,233700,12088132,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Carnifex,"(This review is based off of having all the DLC that have been released as of 09/13/2014)This is one of my favorite roguelikes.However, it's not for everyone.+  Large variety of loot+  Graphical style is mostly good+  Great sci-fi setting+  Good variety of classes+  More lore than meets the eye+  Lots of modes of difficulty+  Plays great on a controller (I play with a 360 controller)-  Occassional bad and inconsistent graphics (especially some character portraits)-  No way to unassign skill points immediately after you assign them-  Race specific loot is frustrating-  Inventory management is frustrating.  Wish they did something similar to RE4-  Crafting - very punishing to experiment when crafting (ex. you try to craft an item and that combo of items doesn't work - now those items are destroyed.  However, there are ways to find recipes to avoid this problem.  It just takes awhile to get them).+/-  Drops are highly based on luck.  You need a lot of things to survive in this game, ex. a certain weapon, food, medpacks, armor, and it can either take a while to get what you want, or you may not get it at all.  I love this because it challenges me to play in a certain way, but this may not appeal to others.+/-  Just like any good roguelike, it will take you a long, long time before you ever win.  If you enjoy roguelikes, this shouldn't be a problem.I love this game.  I love the variety of classes, the setting, the different types of weapons, the feeling you get when you get a sweet weapon that has awesome stats and fits perfectly with your build.  I absolutely love the feeling that the whole game is working against you - it like a sci-fi survival-horror rpg in roguelike form, which I think is amazing.  (I think it's survival-horror in the sense of its plot, in that  you're going alone into a dark pit filled with monsters, knowing that you are most likely going to die... It obviously isn't scary though)tl;dr - If you like roguelikes, and you like them difficult, get this.  For me, this game is a 9/10."
76561198122439527,Not Recommended,233700,28990292,Posted: 3 January,all,Gobby,"A complex inventory managment game. You loot, spend, and conserve resources, and always look for new ways to do all three more efficiently.Some things I didn't like:You have to grind to unlock an entire crafting mechanic piece by piece. There's an entire skill devoted to getting these unlocks, and you run specialists using it until you have your unlocks, which, I suppose makes it useless?You store items across games so you can spawn with them on lower floors. Not sure its feasible to win without this mechanic because the game is really long, and you're dependent on certain key items dropping randomly throughout.It's ♥♥♥♥ing boring. When you think ""sci-fi dungeon crawl"", do you think of kiting enemies into a choke so you can unequip your weapons and armor to kill them without spending durability? Do you think of crafting weapons so you can not use them, because when you have to use them, you lose them? I do, after playing this game. I wish I didn't."
76561198087325117,Recommended,233700,12455262,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Power Inqu'aanate,"A mind wolf used a psi ability that induces fear, my murican sgt gunny says ""no, I don't wana talk about my feelings"".the first time I have laughed at a game in a long time."
76561198087553084,Recommended,233700,11794875,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,repmop16,I will never stop playing this game. It is a must-buy
,Not Recommended,233700,12875647,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Axer128,"Insanely, stupidly difficult, even on the lowest difficulty setting.And this is coming from a guy who often beats difficult games on the hardest difficulty setting. I consider myself very good at roguelikes, and incredibly good at rpgs.And I really love a challenge too, but this game just doesn't offer any reasonable challenge. It calls the lowest mode ""easy"", but thats so far off the mark it's rediculess.Yes the first ~10 floors are quite easy, on easy mode.. But it quickly ramps up and becomes incredibly hard.Normal mode is more like most games ""Very hard""And the game has freaking two more modes: Insane and Seriously? . Insane is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, you 100% can't win most games even if you play perfect and spend insane amounts of time strategizing every agonizing move (in a game that will take 10s of a thousands of moves to complete). And seriously? I don't believe anyone has ever completed it without cheating. Hell even getting past the first few floors on that mode is insanely frusterating.I beat easy mode, after some ~15+ frusterating hours of attempting normal. I usually hate playing lengthy games on easy, as I want the victory to be meaningful. But in this games case.. Meh it should just be called Normal for easy. Theres nothing easy about it.The final floor alone took me some 4+ hours to beat, and had to use an insane stockpile of crazy rare items and cheesy strategies im really not proud of.Plus the game has no real progression system like some ohter rogue likes to give you advantages on later play thrus really. After you die, your dead and thats it. Sure there are recipes you can learn, but the crafting in this game is painfully difficult, insanely random and unrewarding.... And after 15+ hours I had no real good recipes learn anyways. So I just did what had to be done to have ANY chance at beating this game in less then 100+ hours: Checked the wiki - yea nearly all the recipes are there, and you dont actally have to unlock them to craft anyways.Protip: The most important/useful item to craft is the Quantum Scan Helmet. It lets you see thru walls and behind you, which is damn near neccesary on the lower lvls to conserve amunition/durability. But like all things in this game - its very hard to craft, requires 4 very rare drops. I managed only to make 2 near the last few levels, and the durability on them suck, so they both broke too.I think a major part of the reason for the unbalanced unfun difficulty is the dlc - I bought only the bare minimum version you can buy here on steam, which included base + gold + mind games.These dlcs do add cool stuff to the game, but the developers seem to think the main purpose of DLC is to increase difficulty.. Because nearly all of the enemies added in these, are vastly harder then the base games enemies, that and each introduces more ingredients - which you can only carry a very small amount on most classes, and more is not better, as it reduces the chances of you finding the exact ones you need for a given recipe, and makes managing your inventory more frusterating.So yea the original vanilla version may well have been balanced better. Wish I could tell, but far as I could tell sadly there is no way to disable the DLCs, nor does steam offer the game without them.Glad I didnt buy the other 2, as they seem to even further increase the difficulty of the game.So yea, what could of been a very great game I just cant recommend due to the fact its just unreasonable difficult to beat, even on the lowest settings.I see the devs are stll active ont he game tho, so I'll offer some simple tweaks that may aleviate this:1. Add options in the game to disable the DLCs. Add a notification to the game explaining they may increase difficulty.2. Rename Easy to Hard, Hard to Insane, Insane to Impossible. first 39 floors are ok but please make the final floor less ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly insanely hard.3. Add a new easier difficulty called Normal - recommended. Reduces total number of enemies by -10% (-50% on the final floor). Reduces chances of equipment damage. Increase all items durability +50%."
,Recommended,233700,12198281,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Clegg Buvins,"An excellent roguelike game all about exploring the dark, conserving items, dealing with enemies in an intelligent order and throwing HE grenades when you meet something new and scary. Plenty of different playstyles, a real procedurally-generated blast once you come to grips with the slightly verbose and imposing interface and skill system."
76561198031905307,Recommended,233700,4091458,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,odin87654321,"If you like rogue-likes, this game is fantastic. A range of difficulties, a message mechanic that means even failed runs contribute to overall progress, and very polished. I liked both Dredmor and FTL, and this one is great too."
76561198188228890,Recommended,233700,22404375,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,marxotic,"So man, I just looked at the hours I've spend on this game and figured a review is pretty much obligatory. I got hooked on this game through GOG when i got it as a freebee but Galaxy is so far behind on their updates and I liked the game so much I bought it a second time here on steam and all the updates to the last.And I didn't like it at first! I tryed it, and got my♥♥♥♥♥kicked. I thought, mediocre graphics and a game style and lore I'm not to familiar with / warmed up to, I'll just beat it quick and get on my way.100 or so hours later as a surprise to myself, the lore and gamestyle really was catching me... but I still hadn't beaten it! Make no mistake folks, this game may just drive you mad before you complete it....Cons:- ridicuoulsy hard and punishing on later levels- random generation + perma death can sometimes mean a near unavoidable loss of many many hours of gameplayPros:- ridicuoulsy hard and punishing on later levels- supply management is tuned really tight so that everything from durability to storage space, to movement to food to ammo to weapon choice and armor choice must be managed correctly to make it far- great sense of peril and intensity the deeper you goBottom line, it's not one of those games that will likely have you with love at first sight but much like the dungeon itself the longer you spend in it the more intense it will get and less likely you are to escape it :p"
,Recommended,233700,22886337,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Etdv,"Great game, love the tactical thinking. But at a  moment (even on easy) it is too hard, too much strong enemies! 8/10"
,Recommended,233700,14615857,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Imperfect Cog,"One of the greatest singleplayer games ever made, hands down."
,Recommended,233700,13836539,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Latte164,"OVERALL RATING: 8.0/10I'm generally not a fan of the roguelike genre, nor am I a fan of dungeon crawlers, but this game did it amazingly. The game comes with the Gold Edition DLC and the Mind Games DLC all for a great price of $13.ProsVery challengingHigh replayabilityA variety of ways to playLots of characters to play asVery easy to sink a large number of hours intoHard enough to prevent an easy win, but not hard enough to be infuriatingContains lots of depthConsVery challengingSome characters are generally stronger than other onesA lot of aspects are RNG basedFor more in depth reviews like this one, follow theLatte Reviews Steam curation page here.You can alsoclick hereto view my page where I attempt to review all 250 of my games.A nicely written, and well rounded guide to""Not Losing in the Pit"""
76561197971907993,Recommended,233700,13788729,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Pigeon,"This is one of those games I never really stop playing. It's easy to pick up and though it can be hard to put down, 'I can clear just one more floor', it never punishes you for having to stop. I don't play a lot of roguelikes so I don't know how unique this is, but it will save your progress wherever you are and you can resume just as things were before you stopped. Death is of course game-over, but certain discoveries persist through all game-plays.The story unfolds as you decrypt messages found through-out the game; decrypting messages can also reveal recipes for the crafting system. You can cook food (which you will need) and craft items based off these recipes, or you can also try combining things to discover recipes. So if you find some cheese and some bread and you can try combining the two at a cooking station and make some grilled cheese. Messages and recipes persist through all games, so once you learn something you'll never have to relearn it. Your first couple of games will probably be spent learning as much as you can so in later games you can narrow your focus on game completion.There are several difficultly levels that I feel scale pretty well.  Easy is probably the best for learning the mechanics, there is generally plenty of food and ammunition so you can focus more one fighting and exploration than tactics and efficiency. Medium is where most of the game-play mechanics become important, and as for hard and above, well good luck. As you increase difficulty better/new items are more likely to drop and new messages to decrypt appear, so there are new things to discover and different tactics to try. I think this is a great way to encourage people to try the harder levels, as opposed to ,'the same as easy only harder'.The base game is very solid, and the DLCs add a lot IMO. Not just a couple new character, but new enemies, items and game-play elements. A great game I heartily recommend."
,Recommended,233700,811627,"Posted: 14 March, 2013",all,mark | dj.,"Sword Of The Stars The Pit is a roguelike game where you pick a class - marine, scout or engineer - and work your way down a pit. The game's combat is focused on gunfights, but you can use melee (weapons) as well, or combine those two to mix things up.There's a lot of broken stuff to repair, unlock and decrypt and you will basically get experience for everything you do. The use of items is a bit of mystery when you play it for the first time (and even after then it's still confusing at times) but you'll keep trying to figure out what these things are for nevertheless.The Pit is a fun game where you'll die a lot. A. LOT. But it doesn't matter, you don't care; you just want to get to the bottom of the pit.A very enjoyable game ![Rating: 77/100]"
,Recommended,233700,11496551,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Toxic League,"Sword of the Stars: The Pit is a turn-based exploration / survival game somewhat similar to the likes of Dungeons of Dredmor. The basic character classes seem a bit limited and don't offer any unique abilities although certain classes are more skilled doing certain things than other classes. It's a tough game to win because even on easy, other than unlocking doors, it is not forgiving. But it's usually hard because you can't find food, you can't find a gun or the right ammunition to fight, or you can't find ingredients to craft that precise recipe to cure disease--not because you died in combat.The combat aspect of the game are indeed fun. The levels are small, yet rich with monsters to kill and other stuff to interact with. Every 5 levels down, the enemies gets tougher. Then at the bottom of the pit, the game becomes 20x harder than the first 29 levels combined because, well, they throw 20x monsters at you.Overall, the game is entertaining, but it primarily suffers from a bad crafting system that requires very specific ingredients for even the most basic items. Plus the crafting stations are usually nowhere to be found when you need them most. So ultimately you keep a bunch of items around in your backpack taking up precious space, but can never use them because that last ingredient will never be found. Still, five quarters was money well spent."
76561197993850478,Recommended,233700,9017192,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Penguin Blender,"Absolutely brilliant game!!!I have never had so much fun dying.You know it's a good game when, even though only one of your twenty attempts ends in success, you happily come back again and again for more horrific failure."
76561198036883972,Recommended,233700,10096709,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Great Soviet Bear,"This is a brilliant and well-crafted Roguelike. Now with some skill under my belt, I never feel like the Random Number God puts me in an unwinnable situation except on very rare occasions. With your strategy, wits and a little bit of luck, you will pull through, and unlock safe rooms to start farther along. It's a fun system, and this game even has a story ingeniously implemented into a Roguelike; you find messages in terminals and desks, and must decrypt them. Some are random, some give much-needed recipes, and some still deliver snippets of story that lead you wondering what happened to Tamiko Hoshinara, the scientist recently vanished to the Pit, and why the twisted Suul'ka kidnapped her. It's dark, but comedic. It's challenging, but not impossible (except on the highest difficulty). Definitely a good buy, expansions recommended.Well, now that I've explored more, I can write a more in depth review. This game understands what it is to be a roguelike. It perfectly captures the fear, desperation, and loneliness of descending into a near-Lovecraftian monster's favourite toybox. Every step of the way you're worried about food, medicine, equipment, keeping armour repaired, finding food, but most importantly to what makes this game great: What that noise was. That deep throated growl followed by the stomp of a massive foot. It's the nature of the game, you never have any idea what's around the corner. There are monsters that are cannon fodder, ones that you will always shoot first to avoid the fatal diseases they carry, mechs to fill you wiith bullets, and of course, powerful, magnificent and terrifying monsters waiting around every corner that will make you their dinner if you aren't ready for them. As you descend (into perfectly created environments, with their own atmospheres might I add, every now and then there's a change of scenery that makes things more ominous- where can I get food here? What kind of enemies are there? From sleek hallways to blood splattered chambers, some of these wouldn't be out of place in a horror game), you never know what you will find next. And that's whats perfect about it. Mystery. Exploration. Atmosphere. It almost feels like you're there, if you can really get into a session. Kerberos? I cannot find another game that does this so well. Thank you so much. Final verdict: Buy it. Buy it now. It only gets better the more time you put into it, I have given it many hours and I suspect it shall have many more. Also get DLCs! They improve the variety many times over. I hope you find my enhanced review helpful.Expansion number three! The game has just undergone a massive overhaul and acquired a new DLC. HURRAH! Just a few comments here. I was noticing, I am encountering much more varied and surprising things much earlier along. Just by some different RNG, this game is now more than twice what it was before, every step you have to think- even early on, which was once merely finding food for the more dangerous lower floors. Never before has it been a better buy. Also expect my Juggernaut review soon!Sorry to ramble in a disorganised manner, but character DLCs are highly recommended. Many a time, I have outthought my enemies as the Shephard, clobbered them under my warhammer as the Mercenary, and now, am in the process of watching them be torn apart by zombies as the skeletal Lich. The character expansions offer new and exciting playstyles, well worth the 2$ price tag per. Kerb just keeps making good content."
76561198006590007,Recommended,233700,25123927,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,bpais008,"A very fun graphical rogue like game. True to its labeling, it is actually a rogue-like, and not a rogue-""lite"".If you liked Nethack or ADOM or similar, and like space/sci-fi themes, youll enjoy this game a lot.I feel some things could be improved upon, such as the HUD and information about currently applied status effects, but overall, very fun, very tactical, and true to the theme of the rogue-like with interesting twists of its very own.At that moment Ill give the game an 8.5/10, and a ""must have on discount"" to all rogue-like fans, especially the more serious ones (the game is pretty tough and resource management and tactical usage is key, true to true RL nature, but casuals usually dont like that)."
76561198024275339,Recommended,233700,8176354,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,peace,"I don't know why this game did not get a higher score. Maybe because it is not a real time game.  I finsihed the game with the marine and enjoyed it. I still play it since the add on came out. If you like games that you can sit back and take your time with, then I would recommend getting a copy for sure."
,Recommended,233700,4765758,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,kschang77,"SOTS: The Pit is a modern take on ""Rogue"" or ""DND"" where you explore a randomly generated dungeon hoping to grab the treasure at the end, but this time, with a bit of a sci-fi twist. Wide variety of weapons, locks, armor, and plenty of recipes for crafting makes for a different game as you play through. Unfortunately, hunger, disease, poison, and other nasty effects await you as well (but there are counter-agents you can find or synthesize, if you find the right places and ingredients). Graphics are low-tech but that's part of the ""oldskool"" charm. No two game will be like, with 3 separate starting types. (Optional DLC adds 10 more levels and 2 more starting types). If you like this sort of dungeon crawl, give it a try!"
76561198096964639,Recommended,233700,29231113,Posted: 13 January,all,qrb613,"It's worth buying. I've put 74 hrs into it so far and I'm still playing. There are a lot of crap games on steam that don't live up to expectations. Especially Alpha games, I feel like most developers are abusing this system. This game is one of few that I've bought on steam that was actually worth the money."
,Recommended,233700,1438134,"Posted: 6 April, 2013",all,Green Bastard,"One of the best values I've seen in gaming in a long time. An amazingly detailed, lengthy, and difficult game that will provide dozens of hours of entertainment for anyone that even remotely enjoys rogue-likes. This is one of the few games I would recommend picking up at  full-price, the developers definitely deserve it."
76561198006437720,Recommended,233700,12263333,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,SHOGUN,This game is immense....whether your a hardcore rpg fan or strategy gamer.....its got such randomness and challenges....you want to go in for more.The support from devs and constant updates...make it evolve so you want more......that one more turn...like civ...but a roguelike dungeon crawler of sheer epicness..If your reading this.....just dive in. seriously
,Recommended,233700,33181142,Posted: 3 July,all,Older_Salt,"This is one of those ""roguelikes"" that genuinely is ""mostly roguelike"" and doesn't suffer from the over-simplification that term has experienced since Diab*cough*blo. Now game devs have  started using the term ""rogue-lite"" to mean ""This has nothing to do with Rogue, could you buy it anyway?""In SofS:The Pit, Each race-class offered at start provides a truly different playing style and a particular major weakness or impending doom to worry about. One species is overpowered, but also has to have a water breathing suit which slowly deterioriates.  The marine kills everything, but is kind of stupid.I keep coming back to this game, which is a good sign. The characters are humorously imagined with a host of catch phrases and sound effects. The psionics system (magic spells) is pretty fun to play with, and one could spend your entire gaming career just trying to figure out tactics with those powers. This is a hallmark of a true roguelike. There's really no way to Diablo your way through a level, you have to figure out the game's inner codex and perverse ruleset.That all being said, I am definitely adding the alleged sequel to this game to my library when I see it. SotS is a princess in a sub-genre filled with false heirs.A couple annoyances, but passable:The perpetual item storage system one finds every 5th level to store things for other playthroughs is a little confusing and I thought unneeded. It breaks the immersion a little too.  Another is that the vast recipe system doesn't come into play as quickly as one should have it. Even after you get ""the first 15"", actually aggregating the materials for this without ""cheating"" by storing them in the game lockers makes them an afterthought. It would be nice if these came into play at a more engaging pace. I've clocked dozens of hours and pretty much the only thing I make are sandwiches despite having 15+ craftables.Any fan of true roguelikes should give this one a spin before the next one comes out."
,Not Recommended,233700,17930522,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,pi73r,"As a fan of roguelikes I instabought it with all dlcs when it was on sale (note, I'm newish player and haven't played it on release).I simply can't recommend the game despite it having a lot of potential. Why?1. Runs are too long and quickly get dull. I like spending longer time for a game but runs here just take too long. You call ftl runs boring cause they are up to 2 hours? Here you can easily spend multiple days on a single run if you ain't rushing like mad. Despite having somewhat good runs I couldn't finish it a single time because I got bored past 30th floor.2. The game is about conservation of inventory I get it, it's survival roguelike. I like the fact you gotta choose what to fight and what not and what items to use. Problem is that in order to play the game effectively you have to waste another hours on dropping your armor/invnetory vs certain enemies + saving every little bit of ammo. It's okay you don't get to shoot your starting machine gun 24/7 but here you just gotta walk naked for the 1st 15 floors.3. Crafting's pretty okay but the whole ''not entirely encrypted messages'' thingie makes it impossible to get most recipes without wiki, spending tons of hours in the game.While the idea, price, dlcs seems all good and makes me wanna try this game once again I simply don't want to since combat gets boring so fast.If you're a fanatic of the genre and you don't mind repetitive combat you should still go for it (entire exploration aspects are done okay)."
,Recommended,233700,22707578,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Prowler™,"Unlike the other car crashes Kerberos released since SotS 1, this works.Its a death filled random generated dungeon crawler with a set of interesting unique characters from the sots universe.However its rng is ludicrously unfair and this makes special characters like Liir/Hiver almost impossible to play.Liir for example need special bio armor to survive, they are space fish, in the likely event your starting armor is damaged thats it. you are dead.If you can take some punishment, this isnt a bad discount title."
76561198032588515,Recommended,233700,8802966,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,4house,"brutal, hard, fustrating, steap learning curve, you will die alot and it feels like you havnt gotten anywhere even after putting a ton of hours in this game...but, hands down one of the best games i have played in many years, possibly the best game on steam, i think it costs 10$ or something close to that, with all its added content and replayability i would say its well worth putting down 50-60$ for this game. decent animation, a nice dose of humour, amazing gameplay.  10/10 in my books, and i am dam picky with my games"
,Recommended,233700,21892464,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Willy Dee Billiams,A very good & difficult rogue-like set in the Sword of the Stars universe.
76561198117417527,Recommended,233700,8473939,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Iridescent Blade,Fantastic rogue-like dungeon crawler. Very addicting. I just wish there were more recipes to discover.
,Recommended,233700,30000826,Posted: 17 February,all,danweL,"Incredibly difficult and in depth. Good luck beating it on easy, but when you do, you'll want to start another game right away.  I find it takes me somewhere around 12-14 hours to beat an easy run."
,Recommended,233700,9808317,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Communist Batman,"Great turn based roguelike.  Sort of a sci-fi graphically enhanced Dungeons of Dredmor.  The game is great to pick up and play or sit down with for a while to really push yourself deeper in the most efficient way possible.  There is lots to see and do if you like the genre, and the playthroughs feel significantly different due to the variety of enemies and gear and the randomly generated levels!"
,Recommended,233700,528122,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,SILPH,"Sci-Fi Dungeons of Dredmor! It's a bit simpler than DoD but still a great rougelike, get it if you like the genre, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,233700,327909,"Posted: 8 March, 2013",all,Resok,"The game is simply a blast to play.  Always uncovering some new item or decoding some new message.  There's alot to discover, unlock, and craft in the game.  The challenge level I think is just right and the random levels, items, and monsters will keep you coming back even when you die (and you WILL die!)."
,Recommended,233700,8531699,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Gabaz,"Sword of the Stars: The Pit may be one of the best rougelikes I have ever played. It has a certain depth that is easy to access, a lore that isnt forced down your throat, and the graphics and sound design create a fantastic atmosphere.Whilst it is not the deepest Rouge-like I have ever played, there is a good feeling of depth in the game, which is brought through via a the recipe system, realistic degradation, diseases, poisons, enhancements and others as well. The tutorial does a steller job of teaching you these mechanics, and as a result, the game is deep enough for rouge-like veterns to enjoy, but not so daunting that new-comers won't be able to handle all the systems.Part of the lore is brought through the environment and character bios. However, the game has an interesting way to telling you about the game world through haveing the character decipher various messages. These messages arn't just average walls of text when deciphered either, depending on your decipher skill, certain words will be missing, and so will keep you guessing, and thinking about what happened to the base.The graphics, at least in my opinion, are perfect for the game, the colours have a nice sense of degradation, without making the world seem like a constant state of bland. The animation are nice too, and it really helps with the immersion. Furthermore, the sound design is superb, and keeps you on your toes as you listen to the various animals and robots patrolling the hallways.Combat is rewarding and tense, there is a real feeling of strategy after about floors 5 onwards, you are forced to prioritise, and when you clear a room whilst taking minimal damage it really is a satisfying feeling. The game also allows you to approach combat in your own way. Due to the wide range of weapons, weapon mods, stats, psoincs and more, you can go in guns blazing, or just sneak past your enemies, maybe turning invisible, and forcing a stronger opponent to turn on his friends.The implementation of food is also a nice touch to the game, as it stops the player from becoming an overpowered powerhouse. In one game, I had a super strong armour and ammo for my weapons, however, I was living meal by meal, and my engineer died after alerting all the robots in the area to his location because he turned on an alarm looking for supplies.Overall I think if you are curious about rougelikes, or just really want another game to get your teeth into, for the price of the game, its a steal. :]"
,Recommended,233700,839703,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,Morris,Do it!
,Recommended,233700,7842204,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Jagaz,"This game is... a peculiar case. The graphics are good enough for what they're supposed to do and the gameplay is easy enough to understand even without playing the tutorial. Assuming of course you have played a Roguelike of some description before. The biggest flaw upon the games release was the lack of content, so to speak, as only three classes were available to play as. For this reason I recommend getting the Gold Edition from the get go as it ups the number of available classes to ten. It also adds the gameplay element of psionics, which is the magic-version of this game.What however is probably the biggest critique I have for this game is the absurd ability of the RNG to absolutely shaft you. I had a perfectly good run once with plenty of ammo and weapons, but no food drops whatsoever, which doomed my run to end with starvation, which was actually pretty sad to watch given how it's not instant, but procedual death as your character becomes weaker until suffering the so called Stat-death or simply being overwhelmed by enemies because of the ton of debuffs that gets heaped onto you.Nonetheless, if you're into Roguelikes and you want one settled in a Sci-Fi setting then I can wholeheartedly recommend this game."
,Recommended,233700,28288093,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,haedaeso,"Really challenging but also a lot of fun. This game hates you and will kick your♥♥♥♥♥There are a lot of good reviews that go into detail about the game and explain things really well and I don't have much to add there. I just want to stress 2 things:1. Its so well integrated you may not notice at first, but this game is completely turn based. I didn't realize that when I bought the game and felt a little overwhelmed about the controls. I put off playing it for a long time because of that, but it wasn't necessary. I play with a controller for most things, and hit my hotkeys on the keyboard when I want to use an ability or switch up weapons and that actually works really smoothly for me but you could probably play this game efficiently with just one or the other. And you can take all the time you want to select things in combat. Quick reactions are not the point of this game like I thought they might have been.2. Understand the fact that you will die, and that means permadeath. Its going to happen a lot - more frequently than not, so be prepared to accept it. However you keep all your decoded messages (even the partially decrypted ones) and recipes. Those persist through all characters and playthroughs and you can stash items and experience points for other characters in your future runs, so a death doesn't have to be a complete loss, but it will happen often."
76561198004822482,Recommended,233700,18078493,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,rvg,"This is one hard game. Poor planning? You're dead. Explore too fast? You're dead. Explore too slowly? You're dead. Bad drops? You're dead. Enemy gets a lucky hit? You're dead. A short streak of bad luck? You're dead.This game is designed to kill you even if you do everything right, which is kinda refreshing. My best result on the Normal Difficulty was getting to the 26th floor with my decked out scout. Perfect armor drops, awesome weapons... she suffers one hit from a tiny little virus. Gets sick. I helplessly watch her as the disease progresses, then she loses consciousness and finally dies.This game makes you think, which in itself is enough for me to recommend it."
,Recommended,233700,9089668,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,death0serpent,Remember going into The Glow in Fallout? This makes your wish of going deeper come true :D
,Recommended,233700,9051946,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,robovski,"Addictive well-crafted sci-fi roguelike. That either will make you salivate (in which case you should have this yesterday - get in the time machine now) or maybe you will wonder what that means. Let me explain as I have put loads of time into this game and I keep finding new things to make/use/kill and I just love it. It is set in the Sword of the Stars sci-fi setting, there are aliens and it is set on a far away world. You have skills and equipment and there is a crafting and levelling system. Everything is generated from floor plans to encounters to the stuff you find and so the game is very replayable - but you only have the one life. If your character dies, he/she/it is dead and there is no coming back. But do not despair! Not all is for nothing, as recipies and decoded messages are available for other playthroughs and equipment and experience can be stashed for deeper starts.And get the gold edition. Trust me, it is cheaper to get that then testing it out with the basic game and then coming back later and expanding it.Want more? I made a ton of videos of gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLg3yMyxK1ZeEMEAfQj4PKq-zPSz3_4yeW"
,Recommended,233700,8976098,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Skeleton Lenin,"Things you can be in this game: a bug, a space marine, a space lizard, three other kinds of space marines, a space dolphin and a space bird dragon.Also space bears can kill you. And space rodents. And space bats. So many goddamn space bats. Let's not forget the robots. Kinda space robots except not in space. In actual fact none of the game takes place in space but you know. It is still space-y."
,Recommended,233700,90870,"Posted: 18 March, 2013",all,FishBone,"Very very good game, it has nothing to do gameplay-wise with the other SotS's, it's more of a mix between... FTL and Ultima and .. some Zombie-surival indie game. Definatly recommended!"
76561198035683987,Recommended,233700,12264414,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Blerrger19,"I have never bought into a game so much as to keep up with and purchase every single DLC as they come out, but I find myself so drawn into The Pit that I can't help but stay on top of new DLC releases. This is a first for me as a gamer, one who is so jaded by DLC (CoD map packs, Blizzard expansions that cost as much as the original title, etc.), and should speak volumes of the incredible replayability and entertainment that this game provides."
76561198037070834,Recommended,233700,4432714,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Jimbos,"Fun sci-fi roguelike! If you get the chance, and you enjoy roguelikes, pick this up, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,233700,2654173,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,Bleether,"Sword of the Stars: The Pitt is almost a master piece. The rouge-like dungeon crawling RPG provides a rewarding experience for novice and hard core players alike. The game offers a casual lvling system that probably will not appeal to players looking for an in depth character customization experience, but in turn offers a pick up and go go go experience. The action in the game flows fluidly and isn't hindered by lengthy and boring story lines. If your looking for a game with a great narrative you need not apply to this game or you will be disappointed. However if you are looking for a game that cuts all the BS out and delves into action, treasure, strategy, and crafting then this is the game for you.I personally love this game. I've been gaming for 24 years now, and i've played virtually everything. Most games haven't held my attention very long recently, but i logged 6 hours on my first session of this game. I've been wanting to play a game that cuts all the tired and boring stories out of the game for straight up action. This game delivers that. I can hop on this game and play for 10 minutes or 3 hours there will always be something fun to do."
,Recommended,233700,10531375,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Muuuuuu24,"Extremely fun, every time you start up a new game it is completly different forcing you to change gameplay style 10/10 would recommend."
76561197973818633,Recommended,233700,32100873,Posted: 31 May,all,dubcee,"Very difficult.  Play on easy.Crafting is amazing and weapon mastery is key.  Lots of inventory management which is both good (lots of items, lots of recipes) and bad (inventory management).Real sense of ownership of a win.This was my second rogue like.  FTL was first.Highly recommended"
,Recommended,233700,29619563,Posted: 31 January,all,Raisin,"To say that you'll die countless times while playing this is an understatement.Poison, disease, explosions, radiation and disintegration are but a few of the things that will result in your untimely death. Any armor you obtain will break after being gnawed on or melted by the inhabitants of the pit. Ammo will run scarce forcing you to fight with your fists/blade or whatever weapon you have at your disposal. Manage to obtain a decent weapon? Don't use it frequently unless you have a spare for when it inevitably breaks.And if the enemies themselves don't murder you don't worry, the hunger stat will ensure that you still face struggles while in the pit. Forcing you to wonder if you're better off eating a piece of diseased meat or rotten bread, or continue onwards in hopes for something better.Now that the introductions are out of the way. This game consists of you diving into 30(40 if playing with gold edition) floors. Encounters are turn based so whenever movement feels as though its stuttering, it only means something is nearby. Be it around the corner you're approaching or behind you.Apart from fighting, actions include opening lockers/freezers, unlocking weapon vaults, repairing damaged equipment, or crafting via cooker or labs. If you're playing vanilla SotS:TP, Hunger and Health will be the only things to manage, but Mind Games adds a third component: Psy.Psy allows you to do things such as, turn invisible, heal, convert enemies. detect enemies, and many more.Due to the game's randomized nature, adaptation is key. Luck alone will not be sufficient to clear this game. Don't think about grabbing everything that drops or you'll soon find yourself unable to carry a laser rifle or a secondary armor. With each new floor discovered, remember the following:Not everything needs to die. The deeper you dive the more limited resources become so running may be a better tactic.Now, instead of simply scavenging for equipment/food, the game contains a crafting system. Blueprints can be discovered each run and they allow you to create weapons/armor/food/even ammo. Some recipes can be easily discovered, such as putting raw meat into a cooker. But needless to say, uncovering these recipes will increase survivability.The last remaining aspect for this game is the characters. Initially you start with only three:Marine, Scout, and Engineer. But there are character DLCs and the gold edition adds another four. Every character has their strengths and weaknesses. Marine is good for combat but his initial scavenging skills make it difficult to obtain food/items frequently, not to mention he has a low IQ so early crafting is risky.Overall, majority of the characters are balanced. Its just a question of which ones suit your playstyles.Each character has 3(4) main stats: Might, Brain, Finesse, and, if playing Gold edition/Mind Games, Power. Apart from those, they also have skills, and pick wisely, since you can't master all of them in a single playthrough and skill importance varies between characters.Overall, the game is based around you learning from your failures, so if you're willing to experience countless deaths, learn from them, and achieve victory, then consider playing this game and to those that do, Good Luck."
76561198168999344,Recommended,233700,30070982,Posted: 20 February,all,FireWorksPower,Really cool game. I recommend it to anyone who likes games that are more strategie based than button mashing.
,Recommended,233700,30012876,Posted: 18 February,all,Weltall,I like this game quite a bit. I hope the devs continue to make more Roguelike games.
,Recommended,233700,29280764,Posted: 15 January,all,wyulf,"one of the best roguelike games out there for me personally, alongside risk of rain (well, roguelike 'elements' anyway), although both plays very differently. turn-based, action, strategy, rpg, all rolled into one. and unforgiving as hell!you'll spend a lot of time thinking, planning your class build, accumulating weapons and items, working on ways to take on the baddies, and suddenly walk down into another level surrounded by enemies, pummeled to death ... or just wandering the corridors, and trigger a wormhole trap that teleports you into the midst of enemies, pummeled to death. in fact, you could just shake the tree right at the starting area, and out comes some enemies that are beyond your starting level and pummel you to death. death awaits at every corner!but dont let that turn you off just yet. it's a well crafted game, with lots of content (especially if you buy all the dlc along with it). plenty of classes to mess around with, plenty of items to fiddle with, plenty of weapons to suit your every need ... and plenty of variety of enemies to accompany them all.in short, if you like traditional roguelike games, and if you're masochistic, do give this game a spin! normal and hard is tough enough to make you rip your hair out (i'm bald, so that doesnt affect me as much thankfully), but if that isnt enough, feel free to take a ride on 'seriously?!' difficulty. that's almost always enough to make a grown man weep. if you think dark souls is tough, you havent ventured into the pit.highly recommended! *tissues not included*"
,Recommended,233700,8711335,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,AdverseE®,The roguelike game is fantastic especially when combined with the dlc which adds more classes. It isn't as grueling as most roguelike games but its not super-easy either. Highly recommended.
76561198023324916,Recommended,233700,19378224,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Die_Pfanne,Its brutal and totally unforgiving. It will often punish you after 10-20 hours of playtime and then everything will be lost. You will hate it and you wont stop to play it.
,Recommended,233700,12239107,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,The Pain Bringer,I love games like this.10/10
,Recommended,233700,12192286,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,redspacebeast,"After a plague hits your planet, a glorified military retirement home, it’s up to you to find a cure. A nearby alien facility, built long ago by some long-gone alien race, might hold the cure. Except no expedition has ever returned alive…And you won’t either. Not for the first hundred deaths at least. The Pit is a “roguelike”, a genre that gets its name from the 1980s dungeon crawler Rogue. All the genre conventions are intact: brutal difficulty until you learn the tricks, randomly-generated map layouts, unidentified loot that may or may not kill you, traps, and turn-based combat. The Pit keeps it pretty fun, light-hearted and best of all, fast. Once you get the hang of things, the turn-based nature melts away and it feels more like an action game.There are three classes to choose from - more if you own some of the DLC - each focusing on a specific kind of play. The Engineer is good at hacking computers, the Marine excels at weapons, while the Scout can zip around and try to avoid combat. Your skills, like crafting, cooking, or lockpicking, improve as you use them and when you level up. As you decipher messages at computer terminals, lore, crafting recipes and tips are revealed. These are added to your codex and remain across play sessions, helping future excursions."
,Recommended,233700,22258080,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Funkymoses,"The Pit is brilliant, but it takes some getting used to. If you're used to Roguelikes where everything must die you will end up running out of stuff and dying yourself. Fundamentally, it's about attrition. Weapons break, ammo is scarce, food is a real limiting factor. It's a constant, tense balance between forging forward at less than full strength and risking starvation, a balance between killing stuff for the XP and draining your ability to kill things. There's a shift that begins about halfway down; you go from gaining stuff to maintaining and then losing it as the enemies take more shots to kill relative to available ammo.This means you're making choices all the time instead of whacking popcorn absentmindedly until you mistakenly whack a unique and die because you weren't paying attention.There are two major problems:1. The crafting is vital but also highly annoying since recipies are hidden from you. It's kind of fun at first but eventually I just started wikiing it.2. The blue room mechanism veritably invites cheesing the game by starting characters, dumping their gear at level five, and starting over. It's tough not to do but removes a lot of what makes the game great. At the very least there should be some achievements for winning without using the blue room.Despite the above this is one of my favorite roguelikes ever."
,Recommended,233700,14210878,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Rogue like turn based survival game.Interface/Menu/SettingsYou are able to play this in fullscreen or windowed mode.You are able to play this game with a controller.You are able to change the controls from the controller and keyboardThere is Cloud save.There is a Master volume slidebar available.There is a Music volume slidebar available.There is a speech volume slidebar available.There is a sound volume slidebar available.There is a ""Dex"", to check on what you have found/unlocked, what it is and what it does and etc.There is a Tutorial available.There are alot of difficulty levels available.About the game.You are able to choose one of their many characters from the character screen. Each character has their own playstyle and (dis)advantages. You are stranded on a planet, trying to survive, exploring and looting around in the depths of the unknown. Your character is able to attack from all angles if there is an enemy nearby, Enemies behind him or walls are not possible to be seen. Your character has 3 meters. Health,Food and Psi. You will need to eat from time to time. You are able to loot, craft, lockpick and even able to level up. You have a pretty big skill system.It could be difficult at times.Could maybe be boring.Equipment needs repairs overtime.Level up system and skill.Has different characters.Has Food/Health and Psi(Magic) meter.Has Crafting, Cooking (ingredients and building food together) and hacking.Has Status diseases and traps.There is a map available.Ok Animation.Ok Graphics.Ok Music.Floors are short and monsters could be dangerous fast.Other things.There is no Shift-tab (Steam overlay).-------------------I Give this game a 7/10"
,Recommended,233700,10961580,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Monstercade,"+ Actually a roguelike.+ Has a proper tutorial with good coverage.+ Features a kind of metagame progression, where you can hack computers to find messages which can later be decrypted to reveal recipes(which are not easy nor cheap to find by just randomly combining stuff). This carries across playthroughs in the form of an ingame database, another plus.+ What of it isn't flawed in design is well-polished.+ In terms of both metagame and individual playthroughs, the length of the game is pretty good.~ Decent graphics.~ Decent SFX.~ Acceptable controls, messy in areas.~ The vast majority of the items are highly situational, and because there are so many, any given resource is fairly scarce. Not all bad, since it usually just forces adaptive strategies.- Many categories of events are TOO random, the game's biggest flaw. This is most pronounced in poison, disease(both of which can randomly be fought off or worsen, but you cannot influence this in any way except direct usage of a health kit[which are uncommon]) and finding weapons(which eventually break, leaving you with absolutely no way to defend yourself).- Questionable balance between classes.- Levelups fully heal you and don't necessary need to be applied the moment your XP bar caps, providing a ready source of instant, full healing. Maybe it's an intended feature, but that doesn't make it any better.Value: $6.50"
76561197972821531,Recommended,233700,9033193,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Who am I?,Nice little scifi rogue-like gem. Be wary of perma-death which can be frustrating!
76561198072074324,Recommended,233700,10247014,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Slades,"Pros:  awsome rogue like game, tons of weapons, good crafting, and hard even on normal.Cons: inventory space is a huge issue, item decay is a big turn off for me, and completing one game could take your over 20 hours."
,Recommended,233700,34767539,Posted: 5 September,all,King Link,"Beware, if you aren't used to TRUE roguelike games, you are not ready for this game.  I would recommend anyone who is interested in this to go play Nethack, Binding of Isaac, FTL, and Spelunky.   If you play those games and you like them, welcome to Sword of the Stars.There's however a reason I recommend those games before playing this.  The sad truth is each of those is a better game than Sword of the Stars: The Pit.   At the same time, those games will prepare you for what you're going to find in Sword of the Stars.This is a true roguelike, there's only two things that really persists through the game, and that's marginally useful.  The first persistance is messages, as you play the game you can hack computers and read messages, decrypting them.  Often times you'll decrypt more and more as you go, so you might need to decrypt one message multiple times to get the full understanding.The second, you'll keep recipes around.  That can be a positive or a negative, but personally I don't think it fully violates ""Roguelikes"" it doesn't make a huge difference if you keep that knowledge in a book next to the computer or in the game.EVERYTHING ELSE goes away.  Knowledge of items, knowledge of weapons, skills, and more all reset EVERY TIME you die.  There's not even a ""not hardcore mode"" option.  You play this game one way, and while there's four difficulties, none of them remove the rules of roguelikes.In fact easy is still pretty difficult after a while, and that's due to my big complaint about Sword of the Stars.  The game really doesn't give you very playable maps.  Now for sure I'm probably playing the levels wrong, or just getting hurt too much, but I feel once the enemies have ""Acid"" and you meet the big slimes, the game just becomes more annoying than difficult.  Yes there's probably ways around these enemies, but they will eat your weapon durability FAST, and before long, you'll be weaponless.  In fact in my two easy playthroughs, I died once because I didn't know diesease could kill you (and I was knocked unconscious) and the other time I was at level 17, and I had no weapons.  I in fact hadn't seen a new weapon in a few levels.There's a thin line between brutally hard (nethack, Demon souls, and pretty much all Roguelikes) and unfairly hard (sword of the stars, Teenage mutant Ninja turtles on the NES, Battletoads.)  And yes, I put Sword of the Stars in that later category.While that's the biggest problem I have with the game (that often the game feels like it's impossible to win), there's another point which just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.  When you make a move, you wait for the enemies to move, and often times that means waiting seconds to multiple seconds.   The issue here is that if you walk down a hallway often times you'll know an enemy is nearby just because the game takes a while to process the enemy's move.  Also when you get a nice flow going, the enemy's move tends to take a lot longer than your attacks.   I can't really explain it, but it's VERY frustrating and breaks the immersion.  A shame because I really like this game in a lot of ways, but god that delay on enemy moves is VERY harsh.On the other hand, I recommend this game with the caveat that this might be too hard to really be fun, and can be quite annoying, but if you really want a roguelike game, neither of those issues might bother you.  While I gave up, I think I can safely say that with some more time and energy, I might have had a better run.  The real problem is I didn't want to spend another 2-3 hours trying to get down to level 15 or level 20 only to have a few moments of bad luck to ruin a run.  While that's true of many Roguelikes, I just feel this one might just be too brutally hard that it wasn't fun for me any more.   A shame because it is nice to see roguelikes are still strong.  It's just not exactly what I want in a roguelike."
,Recommended,233700,31938796,Posted: 24 May,all,TheMinister,"One of my favorite RogueLikes. Probably because it's not as short as some other ones, this one has the potential to take hours. Heavy on the RPG elements, it's that kind of hybrid turn based that feels like it's real time, when it's not. If you changed all the graphics to ASCII and had keyboard commands for promps, this game would fit right in next to games like the original Rogue, or AlphaMan."
,Recommended,233700,15588468,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"I tried so hard and got so far,But in the end, It doesn't even matter.I had to fall, to lose it all.But in the end, It doesn't even matter.Serious review:This game is not for the casual players, this game is really hardcore, I was playing on hard and died after the sixth dungeon, i could have survived but i didn't have any ammo left and my melee weapon was broken so I had no choice but to die.It's a great game for any hardcore roguelike/rpg fans but In my opinion, you shouldn't lose all your character progress.How I think it should works.You lose absolutely nothing on Easy, Normal and Hard.You lose everything in your inventory and you have to restart from the first dungeon on Insane.You lose either your character (so everything) or your inventory plus you also have to restart to the first dungeon for the hardest difficulty.That would makes really more sense In my opinion but anyway, it's a really great game that will makes you want to punch everything so I'd suggest that you buy a punching bag, it helps a lot.It's a really good game but it is not perfect so I'm giving it 7/10 not because it is too hard but mostly because it is repetitive, there's only one level that is outside.If the levels could be random generated with different locations and weathers, God, It would be so much better."
,Recommended,233700,8182160,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Ron Perlcat,"Great game, lot of fun. Disease is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t mechanic though."
76561197965558487,Recommended,233700,35056710,Posted: 18 September,all,P.o.B.,"Very good modern rogue-like, like any good rogue-like it is hard, but rewarding when you manage to get further then you had before."
,Recommended,233700,10245530,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Populix,"I love this game. It makes you mostly find out stuff for yourself. Recipes, What to shoot at first, when to run the hell away. I've played the demo a lot, even though my time on this games full version is not as long. The graphics aren't some kind of deep artful masterpiece but they are detailed and fun to watch. The lines the characters say can be funny after long enough. It's a well made game and it's great turn based."
76561197969417125,Recommended,233700,353369,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,G00N3R,"Out of the roguelikes that I've played so far, SotStP is the one that I've enjoyed most. I think the devs have achieved the correct difficulty balance, which is important because this is permadeath only with random map layouts. Luck is a factor, but not so much that the game can screw you over in one move. Playing as the marine on easy, the combat was very forgiving, but I still had to be careful when low on ammo or when my weapons were badly damaged. Normal is actually very brutal and I haven't even got halfway yet. There are two higher difficulties for crazy people :) Combat is turn based and there is alot of weapon and enemy variety, which adds up to good tactical depth. Non combat skills and equipment can help in interesting ways. Graphics and sound are okay, but unfortunately the story is hidden in encrypted data files that I didn't have the skills to read. I didn't notice any bugs. A full playthrough should take around 8 hours so you get good value for money at full price."
,Recommended,233700,8639616,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,daveb22,"This game is awesome!! Don't let the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t metacritic score fool you. And if you get it, do yourself a favor and grab the Gold Edition"
76561197990748489,Recommended,233700,34058898,Posted: 6 August,all,JimZombie,"Fun rogue-likeish game with sci-fi themes, and typical ""get-to-the-bottom-of-the-dungeon-because-stuff"". It's hard, but not really rogue-like hard. On easy and normal I have been finding running out of food and amo tends to be more common killers than monsters, though discovering some of the many crafting recipes has slightly shifted this dynamic. Bunny sandwiches for lyf. ."
,Recommended,233700,31584959,Posted: 6 May,all,Immersify,"I still find myself coming back to this game years after its release. I think that's testament to how great this game really is. It's frustrating- sometimes infuriating, but that's really part of the charm."
,Recommended,233700,2066183,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,smartbombradio,100 hours played. Nuff said.
76561197986422162,Recommended,233700,30595336,Posted: 18 March,all,SpaceCowboy,"There was a period in my life where I didn't own a computer, except for a little netbook. I still wanted to game, and I came across this. Don't believe my steam play time, I played literally hundreds of hours of this game offline. It's one of the best roguelikes I've ever come across, and the only one that I ever find myself coming back to."
76561197985072747,Recommended,233700,1040192,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,FantasyFreak_UK,Fun sci-fi rogue-like game. Let's you survive for a while so you can customise your guy before they die
,Recommended,233700,8945585,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Green Lich Of The East,Died from disease from moldy bread. 10/10 would eat again.
,Recommended,233700,9470175,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Bettuce Bettuce Leep,Great Game
76561198019314136,Recommended,233700,27655992,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TheRaptor,If you like rouglikes and Sci-Fi then this game is for you
,Not Recommended,233700,556705,"Posted: 9 March, 2013",all,NoVa,"Original review: amazing rouguelike. Crafting system, Improve-as-you-use skill system (Ultima, Morrowind)  tons of gear, monsters, lore, everything you could possibly want from a roguelike.I have a problem with a company that releases so many DLC's that should have been in the full game. When i wrote my review it was under the assumption that I was going to recieve the full game and I feel robbed slightly. First it was a single DLC (Mindwerks i think its called) which was fine, but then after it came the ""GOLD"" DLC which I need for all future DLC because it contains everything that SHOULD have been in the first release, and then a slew of other character DLC's.... This right here is the problem with DLC's being a thing, they should have all been wrapped into an Expansion and charge me 10-20 dollars for and I wouldnt feel robbed... but now I have to peicemeal my game together with DLC'S? no thanks, theres other roguelikes with as many/more options. Go get Project Zomboid or Dungeons of Dredmoor of you want a good roguelike experience at a lower cost and less DLC garbage + workshop"
,Recommended,233700,8183274,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,One Lame Frog,"very pit, much dark, wow"
,Recommended,233700,8161194,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Lousywater,"Great little roguelike with touches of crafting and standard turn based combat. Well put together skilling system, although I find myself gravitating towards certain areas every run."
76561197998740270,Recommended,233700,12656225,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,tokualaking,"A science fiction turn based rogue-like game. Extremely difficult and will have you saving your last bullets and screaming bloody murder at the computer when you have 1000 rifle bullets and no rifle. Good crafting system with lots of combinations and interesting options. Frustrating, fun, a worthy rogue like."
76561198018685829,Recommended,233700,12710180,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,druidx44,This is an amazing gem of a game. All of the characters are well thought out and original. You will die alot!. But if you get to certain rooms you can save equipment for your next run with a different character.
76561198031437850,Recommended,233700,15528493,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Alex Universe,"Roguelike in sci-fi setting, what can be cooller?"
76561198006924493,Recommended,233700,13055177,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Khorvale,"An excellent and entertaining rogue-like. If you're into delving into the remains of a science fiction laboratory multiple times, with an assortment of varied characters, this is a great game."
,Recommended,233700,11783728,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,MonsterTM,"I enjoy playing this game. I dont enjoy it when i am on level 20 or so, and i die, and theres no load button </3 . Anyways, game mechanic is very simple.The dlc's add ALOT into the game content, so you should worry about repitition.9/10ENjoy ^-^"
,Not Recommended,233700,12820886,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,bobert awful (F+),"Some people think that investing hundreds and hundreds of hours into a game that they will never see the end of is fun! I am one of these people! Sword of the Stars: The Pit is one of these games! Therefore it's a game I'm going to keep playing and playing over and over again, right?Well, it would be if it actually had something to offer than lessons in food and ammo conversation as well as doing a better job telling me what stats do. And lowering the amount of junk items that aren't actually useful. Or giving more hints as to what to do with the five sets of monster teeth and the thirty loaves of moldy bread that accumulate in my inventory rather than just starving me of ammo, filling the level with monsters five levels higher than I am, and calling that a difficulty tweak.It's not me, The Pit. It's you. You you you you you."
,Recommended,233700,13580504,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ADDICTED to Judge Judy,it's a roguelike
76561198068603493,Recommended,233700,8645014,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Almighty Over,Truly remarkable !
,Recommended,233700,8692523,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Captain Judaism,You can play as a psionic space dolphin.
76561198009586772,Recommended,233700,14547740,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Moforkus,"This game is amazing...my only complaint when it first came out was that it sucked when you died and had to restart everything all over...but with the expansions you can now bank some xp and items...so you can give yourself a better chance on your next playthrough (helps with the difficulty) but definitely doesn't make it too easy. Add to the fact they keep releasing DLC for the game for a buck or 2 a pop (new characters, levels, weapons etc) and this game keeps on getting even bigger. I have yet to beat this game despite playing it off and on for quite awhile lol..but i keep coming back for more. Balancing your food requirements/weapons, what skills to develop and when to use what is a constant balancing act throughout the game. Basically, this game is really fun, there is lots to explore, so much content and characters and each plays differently..when coupled with the fact levels are randomly generated, every time i play this game it feels like new! Plus now you can save and quit (since not everybody has hours and hours to play a game in one sitting) so you can come back from where you saved when you boot up the game again.if you like rpg/rogue like games at all...buy...this...game. You will not be dissapointed! I hope they keep making dlc for this game..bc i have bought it all..its all good!"
76561198087077162,Recommended,233700,16422523,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,cowyeah,I love this game.  I Love rogue-likes in general and this one has a lot to offer.  Each class is different enough that it is a unique experience each time.  And I love leaving presents for future playthroughs.
76561198055940934,Not Recommended,233700,21976951,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Misterjoper,Masahism Incarnate
,Recommended,233700,18285248,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Salarn,"https://youtu.be/JY6r43ZQ4UgThis is one pit worth jumping into, loads of content and challenge!"
,Recommended,233700,483812,"Posted: 21 April, 2013",all,Bubbles,oldschool roguelike =)
76561198063301812,Recommended,233700,6303425,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Exodus 14:21-28 = v a l v e,"This f-cking game!  It's madness!  I want to both hug and unleash a furious ryugen on the developers!  This has gotta be the toughest game I've ever played, and I've been playing it on Easy difficulty.  This game is merciless and unforgiving.  Death is permanent!  There is no other option.  So, watch your every single step and move, because death lurks everywhere!  One wrong step and it's game over.  You might run out of ammo or health packs, or your weapon disintegrated, or you took a disease-inducing or poison-spreading hit that worsens and you can't cure it because you ain't got sh-t.  That's right.  You think you're so good at gaming, huh?  I dare you to play this game with the intent of beating it.  I f-cking dare you!"
,Recommended,233700,32344354,Posted: 11 June,all,M-88,"SotS: The Pit is all-around a good game. It has grown and been improved since launch, and I get the sense that the developers care about their game. There are a lot of interesting and detailed items, enemies and classes, most of which can be found in your digital encyclopedia, the SoTSDEX. There are unlockable and encrypted recipes, logs and messages that fill in lore. There are colour-coded traps and upgrades that will benefit or debuff you, and the colours change for every run; for example, a red weapon mod will have a different effect each runThe music is cool and does its job by isn't amazingly catchy, SFX are good, and theres some decent voice acting. The sound of reloading weapons can be unique, interesting, and/or cathartic, and hearing the groans and hisses of just-off-screen enemies adds tension (especially when I have no idea what it could be).The graphics are nicely detailed, and it suits me to run it at 1080p on my machine.The game is difficult and can be unforgiving. You can quit nid-run and come back later to that spot, but if you die once that run is over forever. Every few floors you will find a place to stash items and XP for future runs and the game will let you start farther into The Pit after you've gone that far in a run.I haven't made it all the way to the end on most of my runs but with multiple difficulty levels, the unlocking of useful recipes, and a variety of heroes/classes to try (plus more with DLC) you will find yourself getting farther and farther into The Pit and probably staying up all night thinking ""just one more floor""."
,Recommended,233700,14926468,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Jexter,"Very good roguelike game. Has tons of stuff, always interesting to repeat, hard to beat, constantly updated. Thumbs up! Playing it for a long time and it is still interesting."
,Recommended,233700,15528323,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Bob Vagene,Very good and addictive rogue like !
76561198023164840,Recommended,233700,15855434,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,major tom,"This is the only roguelike I have ever beaten on my first playthrough. I mean I actually cleared the entire thing in one go without dying. It's been a while, so I don't remember how I had the difficulty set, but pretty sure it was normal mode.I consider this a major strike against the game, but I have to say I definitely enjoyed the time I spent with it, even though winning pretty much killed my interest. Lots of unique items and upgrades, some serious close calls, great proceedural levels, etc.Thumbs up, even though it didn't challenge me like I'd hoped. Buy on sale for sure."
76561198095284471,Recommended,233700,13787880,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Crawley,"This game is pretty much Dragon Crystal from the Game Gear, just with a sci-fi setting and psi powers (if you have the DLC).While I have not ventured too deep into the depths of the pit, I'm amazed by all the character building options and number crunching that's involved. It offers a lot of rogue-like fun  and it's a steal for the sales price and even without it you get a lot of bang for your buck."
,Recommended,233700,13747484,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Miniature Menace,"Epitaph of my first character:  ""With so many lives weighing on my success, perhaps I should have packed more food and ammo....""Epitaph of my second character's Laser Pistol: ""#$@# disintigration trap!  Farewell, sweet Laser Pistol, you'll be in gun heaven now.....shooting angels."""
,Recommended,233700,13767443,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,L.,"This is a retro adventure - sort of a scifi/fantasy Rogue-alike. The graphics are very nicely done, reminiscent of late 80s games like Metal Gear or the like. It's fun, very tongue-in-cheek, and pretty active. You have a wide variety of classes and interesting characters to choose from."
,Recommended,233700,10821023,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,WUBBU LUBBA DUB DUB,An amazingly fun yet often frustrating rogue-like.  Take control of several different races/classes with unique playstyles.  A single playthrough takes quite a while.  The ease of the game goes way up once you have played through a few times and discover item recipes.  Definitely worth your time for such a low price.
76561198011462074,Recommended,233700,26778966,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,^4Desmond,This game sould win the test of time  award.It never gets old
,Not Recommended,233700,8164884,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Kektimus,"A roguelike should be difficult, IMHO, but not impossible. You can do great and conserve ammo and health and fail because the game decides you're never going to get more ammo, health or to destroy all the machines you try to repair/use.The game looked great at first glance, but after hours of playing it never felt I was rewarded for being good or punished for doing bad decisions,	 it just felt random. And the thing is, because of this imbalance, you won't know that the game has decided to starve you (leading to your inevitable demise) until it simply does which can be in many levels and there will be nothing you can do about it.To clarify I'm not saying the game's impossible. What I'm saying is that it can be, from the very start, and you can't do anything about it and it might take an hour or two of playing before you realize this. A game whose best outcome is pre-decided entirely by chance, and can possibly be ""failure regardless of the skill and experience of the player"", isnot a game. At least not by any modern standards. It's flipping a coin and ""winning"" on heads. Saying that the road up to the inevitable defeat is ""the game"" is like saying lifting weights is ""the game part"" of flipping a coin.So you got skills in that particular weapon and you've actually had the luck of finding that sort of weapon? Sucks to be you then, because you're not getting any ammo for it. Trying to make due with that melee weapon of yours? Well, it'll break soon and we will never give you any replacement because random. Out of weapons? Look, a repair machine. It blew up because random. Having fun yet?No. Stay away.This review was originally written for GOG. Removing comments referring to my Steam playtime and other ad hominem fallacies since it's irrelevant and misleading. Same goes for direct impoliteness, of course. Also, I'm reviewing this from the perspective of determining if it's an enjoyable game or not (...or a game at all)."
76561198052876751,Not Recommended,233700,24028682,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Xmas,"The randomness is too brutal for my taste and I do like strategic roguelikes. So if you love to get screwed over by randomly not finding something more or less essential and want to fight against it with any dirty tedious trick you have in your arsenal, then this is for you. But if you dont want to have to go out of your way and do the silliest things to fight for a tiny edge in the game, then this one might be too much for you."
76561198045745899,Recommended,233700,30358957,Posted: 6 March,all,Bridge Guy,a solid true-to-form roguelike with a ton of unique content and mechanics
,Recommended,233700,25048575,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,MillenniaTrishadow,"Sword of the Stars: The Pit is a challenging, and fun to play roguelike that will keep you busy for hours.Pros:+ 12 Classes (technically 13), Many ways to build them+ Psionic Powers replace the traditional magic spells and they're easy to use+ Many Weapons to find and choose from+ Many different kinds of weapons( Melee like blades and Fists and Guns like Assault Rifles and quite a few grenades )+ Weapons may even be crafted+ 40 brutal levels to travel down+ Tons of monsters to fight+ Characters all have their own story and reason for descending the pit+ High risk, high rewardCons:- Incredibly luck based- I personally have had times where I find Food and no Ammo or Ammo and no Food. Hell, I've found both but my armor breaks and literally the next two armor lockers were An. Things happen in the Pit.- Class ARE races (Psion Human, Warrior Hiver, Lich Zuul etc.)- Some weapon don't mix with certain classes and racial de-buffed weapon are found often- This is bad for the Liir (Seeker), Morrrigi (Striker), and especially the Warrior (Hiver) who heavily relies on weapons and not psionics for damage- Psionics are needed for all classes. Well, if you don't want to tear your hair out.- This does get in the way for some classes don't gain as many skill points as others. For example the Scout gets 8 skill points and the Striker gets 3 skill points. Now, the striker does have higher bases but they're all JUST out of auto-leveling range. Meaning the lower down in floor you go, the striker will struggle if unprepared. All your skill will be lower except the 3 you chose to level. The Scout, however, can auto-level her skills until 45, then start leveling 8 skills. This is also the Scout is recommended to newer players.So why do I recommend this game? Well, truly I recommend this game to people who want a challenge. Who want to take risks and seek rewards.The game is well-priced, finished, and high in content. If you're interested, go for it.Final rating: 8.5/10"
76561198020742026,Not Recommended,233700,12951905,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,~Allure~,"A game made to punish completionists and waste your time. You will spend roughly 6-10 hours on a single playthrough, and have nothing to show for it but a sour taste in your mouth. Especially if you do manage to make it to stage 30, which is a gauntlet of 100 or so of the hardest enemies in the game... each taking a clip of ammo to down.Take my advice and avoid this title. It is made to punish you, to the point of being rage inducing.it only takes 1 terror mine to send you into a room full of mechs who will steal your armor and vaporize HOURS of effort."
76561197989839105,Recommended,233700,1237800,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,redn,Hardcore!
,Not Recommended,233700,1544251,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Vino [Olive Garden],"Swords of the Stars: The Pit is a bad game. Don't buy it. If you're a roguelike veteran, you're going to be bored out of your skull, and if you're a newbie, there's a cheaper, deeper, and more flavorful option in Dungeons of Dredmor. Here are more reasons not to buy this bad game:1. It's slow.--This is the number-one killer for me. Each turn, each attack, each use of an item, takes between one and four seconds, depending on how many animations have to play (for attacking, getting attacked) and how many things are moving (you and all monsters). For those of you who aren't familiar with classic-style roguelikes like Dungeon Crawl: Stone Soup, this might not sound like a big deal, but trust me, when you have to spend 3 minutes walking across a level you've already cleared, or a minute on a fight against a horde of small, easy to kill monsters, you will begin to get bored very quickly.2. It has bad mechanics that aren't properly balanced.-- Your weapons disintegrate over time and with use, which in theory could be an okay mechanic, assuming this is balanced with reliable ways to repair your weapons or a steady influx of new weapons to replace your broken ones. Failing that, your base attack with no weapon should be a viable last-resort option that gives you some hope of staying alive until you find a new weapon. SotS:TP takes none of these options. Weapons are very rare to find, as are repair stations, and your base attack does almost no damage (and does not scale with level, melee weapon skill, OR strength!). Around level 15-25 you will find that you are entirely out of weapons, and that you have just wasted the past 4 hours of your life, and that you want to kill yourself for having bought this bad, bad, game.3. The crafting/item system is horribly flawed.This game has the ability to craft about 60 different items. Discovering these crafting recipes organically is right out, because the game destroys your items on a failed attempt, some of the ingredients are very rare, and you have to combine between 1 and 5 of these 30 different items to make a new item. There's absolutely no indication of what will work, and what won't. Do the math and you'll find there are literally tens of thousands of ways to combine these items. There is a way to slowly uncover a few recipes in-game, which is a nice touch, but personally I went to the wiki after 5 hours of play netted me about half of one recipe.That's only part of the problem with the crafting. A much bigger issue is that there are only one to two uses for each craftable item. Your inventory is going to start filling up with dozens of useless items very quickly, and if you don't go to the wiki and spoil everything, you won't know what to keep and what not to. It's really shoddy design.4. It is Dungeons of Dredmor, but worse in every way.--Don't get me wrong, I don't like DoD either (many of the complaints I've levied here could easily be applied to it as well). But The Pit feels like a giant step backwards in every way. No spells or activate-able skills, all passives. Only three classes (five if you get the DLC). Way fewer monsters, rooms, traps, weapons, and everything else that makes roguelikes so fun and replayable. The writing is worse, too. The Pit brings literally nothing to the table.5. Combat is boring and choices are non-existent.This is inexcusable in a roguelike, because combat and choices are pretty much all the genre has going for it. In The Pit, all of your skills are passives, all of your combat is melee and ranged attacks. There is nothing to this game except for moving towards/away from enemies and attacking them. It is unbelievably boring.In conclusion, I would not play this game again if I were paid to do so. I hope the developers read this and put some serious thought into their next game. I would say that there's potential here, but the best The Pit could hope for is to be as good as a game that's already out there and already has a decent following, as well as several expansions and a modding community."
,Recommended,233700,17722280,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Cactuar,Dungeon crawler with turn based combat... genius
76561198110520529,Recommended,233700,12398693,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,SugarFree,Very interesting game setting and it has a good replayability.
,Recommended,233700,21975426,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,pango,"There's a lot to like about this game. It just feels quality but indie. Maybe that's a stupid thing to say but then I'm kind of a stupid d00d.The only problem I have with the game is that the pacing is a little off for me, in that if I play on normal I last 2 hours and then die with the game only being challenging towards the end; if I play on a harder level I get challenging play faster but there's no chance I will get very far at all. I suppose the challenge is there from the start with normal difficulty, it's just that you aren't punished for it until later, as in I used up my healing and other items too early probably."
,Recommended,233700,32901509,Posted: 27 June,all,Monk of Hope,Love it caause its hard as hell
76561198054059646,Recommended,233700,13193773,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Kirito lord of noobs,"The Pit is a turn based rouge like stratedy game that will test the most hardcore of players will. I've played this game alot offline and I keep coming back to it. The Pit has a feeling of infinity that I can't find in many other games, the amount of different weapons, food and items to craft and find seem unlimited. I've only played it on easy and normal difficulty and haven't beaten it yet but I will, there's alot of suport from the developers and community. The developers are great releasing new updates for the holidays and keeping this game entertaining. deep in the pit you will find out if you're a coward or a hardcore gamer."
76561197969658743,Recommended,233700,13252050,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,wyt_gogogog,Nice roguelike. And i mean Niiiice...
76561198057417512,Recommended,233700,9392194,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,FASH.FM,pit not included
76561198079412388,Not Recommended,233700,8324305,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Zlaf,"This game is an interesting mix. It is a mix of rogue-like and RPG. I personally find it not bad as I am a fan of rogue-likes. However, unless you enjoy playing rogue-likes I would not get this game. It is a bit tedious at times and the RNG can be quite frustrating. Also, this game gets quite boring. I have invested about a decent amout of time into this game and I have started to see how people could find this boring. For me this game is a mixed bag, but for many, it would be considered a bad game. I only recommend this to fans of rogue-likes."
,Recommended,233700,10846745,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,MorpheuS,best game ever
,Recommended,233700,9149751,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,TDGuy,"Great game, fun bit of turn based tactical survival game.  If you like playing a game where once you die that is the end of the game then this is going to be the perfet game for you.  Your goal is to make it as far as you can with whatever you find in each level.  The levels are procedually generated so it will always be different."
,Recommended,233700,564492,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,Romeo,This game is amazing everybody should play it
76561197972125624,Recommended,233700,14860411,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,GreyWolf,"A real Rogue-like !! Not like all the other games who call themself rogue-like and are in fact a Rogue-trying-like... just to make some $$  The few true ones on steam can be enumerated with your 2 hand, and you'll get some fingers unbind, Really.This one is really the newest and best you can find here. The others should be free in comparison of this one for is :- Replayability- Nice Graphic- Items- Craftings- Characther Customization- And ++No wasted money here"
76561198202376799,Not Recommended,233700,17793842,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,suck on my middle finger,"i want my money back :,-("
,Recommended,233700,10862158,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,NimrodX,"Does a great job of capturing the essence of 'rogue' with a scifi theme and ""8 bit"" type graphics, plus adds some crafting aspects. This is a true roguelike game and you can and will get unlucky with the procedural generation randomness. As usual, expect to die all the time. Conserve ammo like crazy. Loot everything you can. Watch out for those unidentified ??? items which can and will screw you over. All the usual great stuff you've come to expect when playing rogue, hack, nethack, or moria, but with a much nicer more elaborate skill system that makes character progression much more interesting.I personally think the controls in this game are rather well done. I feel the need to point this out because, well, not every game gets this right."
,Recommended,233700,31430244,Posted: 28 April,all,Gaddafi,Great game for any true fan of Rogue Lites. Best Rogue Lite game on steam.
76561198072409169,Recommended,233700,27442613,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Masque,The whole new world of pain and suffering. Great roguelike!
76561198095286670,Recommended,233700,10048702,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,zjmzjm,its the best game on the market
76561197971301233,Recommended,233700,12228657,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,dusttraveller,"New trailer has the Darkest of the Hillside Thickets song Space Ghosts.  That means, regardless of how good the game is or isn't, it is the best game ever."
76561198054604456,Recommended,233700,8498098,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,JJ,gg
76561198106025646,Recommended,233700,10008909,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,TheVGMole,"Sword of the Stars: The Pit does very little to advance the rogue like genre forward. While in no way innovative, the game succeeds at being an incredibly fun and addicting game that will keep you coming back again and again, trying to clear all 30 floors of the pit, which is no easy task. You can chose one of 3 different characters that all play very differently, allowing you to play the game anyway you want. The game can be frustrating at times, with enemies that can look like objects in the environment in the later levels that spring out and reduce your health in a heartbeat, and weapons and armor being incredibly scarce, meaning at times you have to pick and choose your battles if your weapons or armors durability is running low. Nothings more frustrating than playing a two hour run, just to have it thwarted by a camouflaged enemy destroying your body armor. For those looking for a good challenge and a solid rogue-like, I can't recommend this one enough."
76561197970480286,Recommended,233700,7637710,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Wh1ppet,"This game does a Sword of the Stars flavored sci-fi twist on the classic roguelike style in a way much more true to the original flavor that had nade Nethack, ADOM, Larn, Ragnorok, etc. so endiringly successful and the classics they are of the game style, so if you like any part of the mix described, you should at least give the basic game a try and if you like the sound of the whole package, you should just get te Whole package and you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,233700,10039286,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,123udontknowme,"I love this game so much. The hours I've spent on it should be evidence. A rogue-dungeon game where you can level up your character. If you get the dlcs, they add so much to the gameplay. So many items, armors, weapons, and monsters to fight. I was always surprised! More characters as well. My favorites were always the Scout and Tarka Warrior. You should try it. Definitely worth it if you have several hours to kill. Ending is... meh, but I enjoyed getting past every level. :D"
76561197993407356,Not Recommended,233700,1456279,"Posted: 13 March, 2013",all,Captain Camper,"I'm a huge fan of rogue-like games such as FTL, Dungeons of Dredmore, and Binding of Isaac, etc, and I've played these games as far back as Temple of Apshai on C-64, so I'm no stranger to the genre.I really like some of the ideas introduced in the Pit (I especially like the sci-fi setting), but the game just feels too long for the type of ""throwaway"" deaths it inevitably throws at you. FTL and Binding of Isaac have great short game times (about an hour or so on average full game), while Dungeons of Dredmore did tend to drag on too long imo. But while Dungeons of Dredmore had some long playing times, you would never (to my memory) run into an instant ""you die""! scenario that you find in The Pit. And by instant ""you die!"", I mean situations that don't have a defense and result in immediate or eventual loss of the game when they occur. I.e. use the human mod station and become ""ravenous"" for food, trapped doors that you are forced to pass through that destroy your food/weapons/armor/etc,  disintegrate yourself when trapping a machine, or get knocked unconscious in a single shot and then be subject to whatever grab/acid/radiation weapon types that will ultimately kill you, even if you don't die in that encounter (missing your weapons, or radiation which doesn't have enough ""cure"" items). I also hear you can be vaporized by a single enemy shot, regardless of health, but I haven't encountered that yet.My own opinion (and everyone is enttiled to their own) is that the game is not bad, but might have been better off with shorter playtimes to keep me compelled to keep trying, instead of spending hours to die to something unavoidable. And even if the death is avoidable (such as not using human programming machines EVER), the rate at which you learn about the death traps is a little too slow for my tastes.Bottom line for me: too much time investment for what little knowledge (if any) you gain with each death (most of them unavoidable with no defense possible)The Pit has potential if the devs shorten the game time and remove some of the instant deaths."
76561198003058668,Recommended,233700,22801550,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Endy73,"The game will turn you into a man. Though, it won't be so easy as with a woman, but there is no woman who can get you  balls of stainless steel. Warning: both of them can rip off your own!"
76561198065489841,Recommended,233700,22965775,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Mordean,Awesome game
,Not Recommended,233700,21424738,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Reap,"Probably more me than the game but I've played so many Rogue likes lately as soon as I started this one it was like spending too much time with your nan.I cant actually tell you honestly if its amazing or terrible but it didnt grab me, which is a shame."
76561198065836272,Recommended,233700,12917466,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Cpl. Moxowski,This is a good game
,Recommended,233700,7300122,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Hitler,"this is true game, like in old times"
76561198000099467,Recommended,233700,9541676,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,76561198000099467,Really fun turn-based perma-death isometric game.
76561197994601982,Recommended,233700,14046742,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,tyrell,I recommend this game.
76561198041553585,Recommended,233700,9910602,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,roslolian,"If you have some money to burn and you want a decent roguelike you can't really go wrong with Sword of the Stars: the Pit. It's got all the traditional roguelike tropes: turn based movement and combat, hunger, and the ability to equip all sorts stuff. Add the great Sword of the Stars Lore, a great art style, hundreds of cratable items and several unique character classes and you have all the makings of great game.As an added bonus, this game has gotten tons of support and added content, if you look at the DLC options you will notice a total of 3 DLC with even more to come. And this isn't ""vanilla ware"" DLC with like 1-2 weapons and some skins or whatever, each DLC adds character classes and tons of items, resulting in an extremely varied game.If there is one criticism though I think this game is not mod friendly, so compared to something like say Dungeons of Dredmore it has less content even with all the DLC. With that said though, this is still great value for money and a must buy for any fan of roguelikes or the SOTS universe."
76561197966688869,Recommended,233700,16146372,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,AllGodsGlory,Good game
,Recommended,233700,9470170,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Bettuce Bettuce Leep,Great Game
,Recommended,233700,9470172,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Bettuce Bettuce Leep,Great Game
,Recommended,233700,9328040,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,james.dodds,Stupidly addictive
,Recommended,233700,9470173,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Bettuce Bettuce Leep,Great Game
,Recommended,233700,9470171,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Bettuce Bettuce Leep,Great Game
76561198033602078,Not Recommended,233700,8165956,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Citronvand,"I believe everyone know that this is a roguelike. Roguelikes have a big emphasis on being random (floors, enemies, loot e.t.c.), being hard and having permadeath (can't load once you die). You shouldn't be discouraged from playing a roguelike because you die a lot and have to start over. It is part of the fun experience since every run is unique. Thus this game has something to live up to since it is a roguelike. So here's what I don't like about this game:1. Gameplay. Since it is expected to die over and over it is important that every run feels unique and fun. While the game has random floors and loot you only have 3 different classes and all of them are humans. In the expansion 2 more are added and one of them is an alien, the tarka ranger. But the game doesn't differentiate between races and classes so you can't be a human ranger or a tarka engineer. Race and class is all in one package. Now compare these 5 different ""starting kits"" with what other roguelikes offer. DCSS (Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup) has for example 24 races and 27 classes. That means there are 648 different ""starting kits"". So unless you have played that game for very long you can always try something new when you die. And it's not just starting skills and equipment that are different, most races in DCSS have something unique to add. Such as if you are playing as a Mummy you don't need to eat food, if you are a djinni you don't have health and mana, you have essence which is both your health and your mana. If you're a Troll you can't wear most armor since it's too small for you but your health regenerate very fast. This game doesn't have that.And it's not something unique to DCSS either, most roguelikes has several races and classes. ADOM (Ancient domains of mystery) has 12 races and 22 classes. Dungeons of Dredmor doesn't have races or classes but instead something they call ""skills"". There are 53 of them and you pick 7 of them for a character. So you could take for example Swords, Blood Magic, Vampirism, Assassination e.t.c.Something else I find lacking in this game is the loot. The game uses a crafting mechanic which means you find ingredients and you craft something with it. The problem is that unless you play the game for a long time and find the recipes you can't use the ingredients. You could check the wiki but that will ruin the whole ""find recipes as you play"" experience and will make classes such as the engineer less useful since he's good at finding recipes. So since most of the loot you will find are ingredients and you don't know the recipes it means that the majority of the loot you find will be useless. Items such as armor and weapons are very rare, for instance in 6 hours I have found 1 armor. The game doesn't have the typical unidentified scrolls, potions and wands you can find either. Now I'm not saying that a sci-fi game should have magical potions, it could be for instance nanomachines (Hideo Kojima forced me) instead of a magical potion.So I would say that the loot is very unsatisfying.The next point I would like to make is that the gameplay is slow. Specifically because you always have to do some check and wait whenever you manipulate something. The classic example is a locked door, and there's a lot of them. You lockpick it, but you have to wait about 2 seconds. This is because it takes a few turns to open it so enemies could come and attack you. The general idea is good, that enemies could come but since you have to wait in real life for every single thing you manipulate (opening fridges, lockers, doors, repairing stuff, hacking computers, reloading e.t.c.) it slows the game down quite a bit. And all the loot you find will be in something you have to manipulate. Except enemy drops. Even resting takes a long time to do. You are already paying for it with food, why do you, the player, have to wait a minute or 2?2. HUD/Graphics. First of all, I very much enjoy the graphics. Most roguelikes don't have graphics and those who do have sub-par graphics. So it's not that which is the problem. One thing I don't like is that you cannot see your health, mana and food in numbers. You have to hold your mouse over the bar and wait for a tooltip to show you exactly how much health you have. You could also open the character screen. Either way it is annoying. The info on food for instance tells you how much food it will give in numbers. To make that information useful you have to know your characters food value in numbers. A lack of mini-map is also something I don't like. There is a map that is called a mini-map in-game but there is nothing mini about it since it covers the whole screen. This leads me to my next point which is the zoom system. The game has 3 different zooms, the problem with using any zoom other than the largest is that the graphics will suffer. Things such as door icons will look blurry and you will lose the sharp graphics which the largest zoom has. So naturally you want to play with the largest zoom, obviously this is a problem since now you cannot see all the enemies, for example they can shoot you off-screen. Navigating will also be a problem since you can only see a small portion of the floor you're on and the game doesn't have a mini-map. So you have to constantly zoom in and out and check your map. Which just adds to the already slow gameplay.3. The locker. The locker was added in the expansion pack and it is a locker which you find every 5 floors. You can dump items in the locker but you cannot remove them. There is also a ""xp locker"" where you can dump xp instead of items. The only way to access these are to start a new game and select whatever floor you dumped the xp/items at. Then you will begin at that floor and you have access to the items and the xp with your new character.This is very much against the spirit of roguelikes. Not only can you skip part of the game but it removes the whole ""make due with what you find"" experience which roguelikes are known for. It also promotes grinding since the best way to tackle the game would be to make several characters, dump their xp and items in the locker and then make the real run with all the xp and items. What happened to every run is a unique and fun experience? How many runs do you have to intentionally ruin to make your real run? And your real run is a joke since you don't start at the beginning and you have all these items to start with. If you die on that run you have to start your grind all over again. I asked the devs why they implemented this in the first place and their reply was:""They were implemented to innovate and give people options. SF is about evolution of the form ;)And I am sorry about your likes or dislikes but a rogue that introduces valid meta gameplay elements is, in my opinion, worth a dozen rogues with minor gimmicks. It's kinda what we do around here citron...we take chances and we innovate. Hopefully that will grow n you over time ;)""I'm all for innovating and especially devs that talk to their community but I don't see how a feature that promotes grinding and removes a aspect of the genre is something good or fun. Surely there were some thought behind this feature? If I were to implement a thing I would first think why I do it and then if it would make the game or whatever I'm working on better. Not ""It's innovative"". It's not just a optional thing either, you are artificially raising the difficulty of a already hard game if you're not using it. Saying it's optional is just a cop out. You could say that anything with a problem is a optional feature. If psionics could kill all the enemies in the game just like that I could say it's not a problem since it's optional to use it.To sum it all up: I find the game has slow gameplay, unsatisfying loot, lack of unique starting choices, questionable hud design and it promotes grinding. That's why I won't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,233700,26144922,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Gerex,"Well, I finally beat this game after many, many tries and I can definitively say that it's... NOT good.Where do I even start. There are some really major issues with the game that hold it back from being actually worth your time, and I'll try to list a few.HUNGER: Perhaps the biggest problem with this game, that also ties in to many other problems, is the hunger system. It's so poorly balanced. You're either going to be drowning in the over-abundance of food, or you're going to be unlucky and just starve without being able to do anything. The hunger system makes at least 3 classes not viable on anything above easy. To me it seems like it exists solely to pad out the crafting system and to add more difficulty to the inventory management.BULLET SPONGE ENEMIES: No, I'm not talking about dangerous enemies who are hard to bring down. I'm talking about pointless time wasting enemies like Large Protean or the Ape-type enemies: they're awful game design. They deal trivial damage and force you to waste a large amount of turns bringing them down. The before mentioned Large Protean is the guiltiest of all the enemies: it damages your items in your inventory, but you can work around that by just dropping everything and smacking him with melee. Which takes forever. But you have to do it if you want to conserve your ammo/psi, which is essential for victory.NATURAL ABILITY LEVELING: Another time-wasting aspect is the fact that all skills can be leveled to 45 without putting points in. And so you are forced do useless tasks like unlocking doors you don't want to, or missing an enemy 20 times to skill up a particular skill before actually putting points in to it, unless you want to be horribly inefficient. Which you can't be, because this game punishes you HARSHLY for that.THE ENTIRE CRAFTING SYSTEM: It's just bad. Too many components, VERY few useful recipes, and you have to find/unlock new recipes. Have fun browsing the wiki for the list of recipes every time you want to craft something.RNG: Honestly this is about the most random roguelike I've ever played. Even skilling up is random: you get +1-3 points in a skill when you skill it up. There are far too many crafting items that clog the drop tables. There are some very powerful and interesting items in the game, but you will rarely see them thanks to the all the useless junk that will be dropping out of the containers. I swear, there are some items that I've seen ONCE even after playing +200 hours."
,Not Recommended,233700,1487365,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Hootie,"♥♥♥♥♥poor realisation of a roguelike. Basically amounts to grinding and hoping for sick drops, rather than the unique cunning adventures that you'd get from a proper roguelike.Good if you want to play a roguelike without playing a roguelike though."
,Not Recommended,233700,10269230,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Ding Ding Dong,"Boring and empty, a mildly annoying waste of time."
,Not Recommended,233700,31185277,Posted: 16 April,all,Lady 3Jane,"there sure are a lot of things to put points on, but none that seem to make any tangeable difference, making the whole resource management portion of a roguelike pointless"
76561197997255318,Not Recommended,233700,12275914,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Banarok Lionrage,"this is not really a bad game, but the random elements are huge even for a roguelike i do like random elements since they give replayablity and you have to challange yourself to overcome challanges.but this game have taken the random one step futher, even your stats on level up gets randomized, so you'll have no idea how good/bad you'll be in things meaning you can possibly not even use your resources since the randomization gave you 1 skillpoint in said skill 3 times in a row.basically it's a stardard roguelike with more random elements then normal, if you like that then this is a game for you, it only frustrates me since i can't plan anyting."
,Recommended,233700,18648520,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Pete,yea
,Not Recommended,233700,20593732,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,MindfulOcean,"I really enjoy roguelike games, but I found this game to be fairly unpleasant and underwhelming.  There is a story to the game (which you collect in bits and pieces) and there are several starting characters to choose from.  You can take as long as you like to plan out your moves, because enemies only act when you take action.  For me, the degree of randomness was just too high.  In games like FTL, you at least always have a chance (unless you limp along to the final boss with no real weapons or extra systems).  That doesn't seem to be the case here.  The game is also long enough that doomed runs just seem to carry on and wind down slowly.Get Dungeon of the Endless instead."
,Not Recommended,233700,9073736,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,IT'S ME,"Sword of the Stars: The Pit is a harsh roguelike. Is it a good roguelike? Well, that's where opinions differ.It seems to be missing that key roguelike experience that the community values. But what is it? It has hunger, a scarsity based ammo system, spell trees, randomized numbers and chances, and different classes. What's missing?Fun. That's the statement of this review. SotS: The Pit is missing fun.Roguelikes have always been a unique genre in which its fun to win OR lose. And losing in The Pit is not in the least fun. You either have enough ammo, or you don't. You have food to explore, or you don't. That computers skill roll works, or it doesn't.    There's no ""mushroom"" in this game of rock, paper, scissors. No surprise element to keep the early game from feeling like a grind; no hilarity to make bad runs enjoyable or memorable.The Pit ends up being too binary. New roguelike players might not understand this, but The Pit definitely suffers from the poor design choice of bad or good. No middle. There's no crazy builds, no adaptation. You place your stats in nearly the same things, find your first weapon, and go from there. Experimentation is reserved for easy mode or not at all.If you enjoy challenges, you'll enjoy this game. If you enjoy games, you won't enjoy SotS: The Pit. Even if you are the first of the two, you may find your frustration venting out at the developers for clearly not knowing how to balance roguelikes."
,Recommended,233700,8430185,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Rusty Door Hinge,DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE
76561198042890140,Recommended,233700,4887300,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,SFF,"One of the best Roguelikes on Steam.  It actually makes me want to get into Sword of the Stars, and I usually HATE RTS's.  Its THAT good.Fair warning though, it is HARD.  Expect to die many, MANY times."
76561198014913462,Recommended,233700,8493293,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Illimitus,Definitely worth the money.
,Not Recommended,233700,19322845,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Belmont ™,"Didn't like the mechanics.The engine glitched on me a couple times.The soundtracks was a pain.Character selection was a little TOO much....Call me a Ziphead, but this was a nice try that failed."
,Recommended,233700,745602,"Posted: 12 March, 2013",all,Kane2k (fin),+1
,Recommended,233700,8791051,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,shademan,love this game! buy it! want your family to die? no? then buy this game!
76561197991591636,Recommended,233700,1333348,"Posted: 18 March, 2013",all,RUM-Cajun Rabbit,"What a fantastic and Fun game!   It definatly harkens back to the days of 16-bit, but does it in a way that is fun and fresh.On my first playthrough as a Marine I was able to beat the game (on easy) but what a rollercoaster ride it was, almost died found that critical item, almost died again, found more items to scrape by, to finnaly acheive victory down in the bowels of hell!This game is definatly worth your 9.99, the replay value, and the amount of fun you get from this game are worth far more then a measly 10 bucks.Solid 9 out of 10"
,Recommended,233700,12734686,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Devour,"I haven't really played this game for that long of a time but, its fun and a little hard to get used to. When you master the controls, this game will be a piece of a cake (much like all other games). For now I'll rate it 7.5/10"
,Recommended,233700,10159646,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Maestro,Of all the roguelikes this appeals to me the most because science and fiction.
,Recommended,233700,22530783,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,CroDavid,Its my best rogue-like game.
76561198008300418,Recommended,233700,8236011,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Greeko roman unboxing,"Very neat game, which works very well with the rogue like approach. Like a lot of rogue likes, you are very unlikely to beat it your first time, due to learning the mechanics, and unlocking recipies, but once you get your feet wet a bit, its amazing to go deeper and deeper.  You can choose to go balls out in combat, sneak around enemies, open up stashes, research archives for info to help you survive, and craft tools to help, ranging from improved weapons, food to keep you going, healing items, and all sorts of stuff in between.Feels somewhat like fallout 2, but with a much more user friendly UI. Definately give it a try, even if you aren't a fan of such gameplay, it certainly has a good amount of replay value behind it. Plus slowly discovering the mysteries of the pit, as well as expanding your knowlege to better survive is quite addicting."
76561198030970352,Recommended,233700,4029519,"Posted: 19 April, 2013",all,Zanzibar196,Just play it already! ;)
76561198074245934,Recommended,233700,13303935,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Don,"This must be the best rogue like game I have played thus far, it lets you dwell into the futuristic theme without being too punishing early on, but it soon catches up. There are plenty of ways to tackle this game and each character available has different options available for you depending on their stats, there are a lot of numbers to choose from when you level up.You start as a footsoldier equipped with the essentials for your chosen character, a few weapons, food and and medikits to help you started. You can choose to melee, shoot, run or a bit of everything in order to stay alife and keep your equipement in decent shape.As you progress you will learn to craft from recipes found in the game which will help your endevour a great deal, you will learn to adapt to new challenging foes and find new strategies. This is also a game which easily fits into a 10 minute break of your busy schedule, save and quit at any time and return when you wish for more monster slaying.The graphics are perfectly suitable for this sort of title and everything looks and feels polished. Nothing is perfect however, there is room for improvement.I can warmly recommend this game to any adventurer outthere looking for a rogue like game and remember ... KILL THE RABBITS ... they may be furry and cute .... BUT KILL THEM."
,Recommended,233700,8216158,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Beast Rain,best game NA
,Not Recommended,233700,8317284,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,JiNg,"It's difficult to recommand this game...Facts are:+ The graphics are totally retro nice! --> like 8-bit RPG's+ The gameplay is easy to understand and ok for both (keyboard&mouse/gamecontroller)+ The Scifi elements get to the heart --> kinda Metroid+ Baseground System (you are going down every Stage, every time more difficult) --> excactly Isaac ;-)But... and this ""butt"" is big...- The difficulty is hard... in my opinion to hard.- It's a bit to slow... I like roundbased games but thats kinda waiting for death...- Crafting is nice! But come on... starting at zero it's not takeable to ""guess"" what works (and much to expencive to experience...)- Story is the Intro...and after that your imagination, until you are I guess a pro who can decipher the computers... (not a contra point, but with this intro...it kinda sucks ^^')- You have to look at a walkthrough and that is an element i don't like about this game...I think for some people it is a good game!But to be a recommendable game it could be made much better!If you like a round based fighting system, can work with trial and error crafting, need not much storytelling and have a lot of time to walkthrough the game over and over again... you can take a look at it!But if I look at the details... the game will get lost for me... fast :-("
,Recommended,233700,17638331,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Applesmacked(1080ti hype),"Easy game, easy achievements."
76561198078442534,Recommended,233700,12718781,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,makeway8,"i love this fun game, even though its' difficulty feels as if someone's impressive, but very cruel attempt of making a cheery and not so serious version of DARK SOULLLLLLLLLLLSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,233700,14228832,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Dalek Zero,"If the RNG wasn't complete ******** this would be a great roguelike. The problem is if you sit down and actually track the number of times you fail 80%+ skill rolls on normal even, you can prove mathematically the the numbers listed are in fact complete ******** and that there is something behind the screen just saying ""Nope you fail 95% once again, your luck is awful."" I get that the game is designed to be abusive, but this level of abusive is bad gameplay overall. Playing thousands of rounds just for one good one is rough, if not the defination of insane. If you like the possabley of never winning this game even on easy or watching 10 95% chances to open something fail in a row often then this game might be for you. I could list many good and bad things about this game but if it can't even give you the proper numberd % chance of you not ****i*** something up, why ******* bother? For extreme masochists only."
76561197991851055,Not Recommended,233700,26080281,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,keldagar,"Man,I hate this game, I really do. No matter how HARD i try, I can never win. I haven't even beat once. The RNG is ridiculous. Like Jesus H. Christ this game is eyeballs melting out of your head hard! To hell with this game and to hell with the publisher."
76561198050712369,Not Recommended,233700,22981503,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,XSDenied777,"I love rogue likes. But honestly this one had me really frustrated.Dying and losing all your progress is not the thing that upsets me, the thing that makes me frustrated is the absence of balance in item spawns. You could be carrying 5/6 pieces of a recipe for 15 floors and still not get what you're looking for. You could be stuck with the same weapon for the whole run and then just end up dying because you could deal enough damage. I had a few runs where I found shotgun ammo everywhere and not a shotgun in sight. So basically a completely unbalanced system of drops and crafting.So unless you like spending hours of your life on a game that basically goes nowhere then go ahead and buy this.Otherwise steer clear of this pointless game."
76561198009131882,Not Recommended,233700,8548409,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,wayne500,"While the game has a lot of potential as a simple Diablo style dungeon crawler I found the random nature of the game just too frustrating.  Slowly starving to death because not enough food was generated, running out of ammo for every weapon you have because not enough was generated at later levels, dying simply because there were no disease or poison cures given.  These annoying and frustrating aspects detract from what could be a very fun little game.In the end it was just too annoying to keep on the computer."
,Recommended,233700,12224598,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Cablenexus,"Do you like the rogue-like genre and want to have the best options of all other games combined in one game?Then in my opinion this game is a good choice!Without all the DLC installed (I have them all because the devs earn the <2 dollar they asked for the DLC) you already have tons of skills, items and crafting options in the main game.The gameplay is smooth and the graphics simple but clean.Combat is turn-based, but the gameplay is fast.And every monster have is own stats so you can really make your own strategy and use your book often to read about items and monsters you already discovered.A lot of games promise you that no two games are the same, but only a few keep their word about that.Everytime I play this game I discover new items and monsters even in the first three floors.I didn't even change my main character yet and already have so much fun with the standard marine with his comprehensive skill tree.The balance of the placement of items, objects, monsters, rooms, secrets and traps is fair but every time very different.Off course you need some luck, but it really mind if you try different tactics.The tactics are in the details of this game.For example with Ctrl pressed while you move you just change your field of view without moving so you can not be surprised at your back. If you use all your bullets at low lvl monsters at the beginning you possible ends up with your inventory full of useless guns.There is so much more positive to tell about this game, but my advice is to really try it yourself.It's more than Dungeons of Dredmor in space. It have a lot of detail, it's more random and in my opinion the graphics are more fresh. And I like Dod!It's a lot of gaming for <10 bucks."
76561197995554207,Not Recommended,233700,11095140,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,ryantheryan,"Without the crafting system, this game has little to differentiate it fromother roguelikes...But you can't really use said system unless you want to put inmany hours just to learn the recipes."
,Not Recommended,233700,8246451,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,vacri,"Nice premise, but clumsy controls, artificial scarcity of items, tiny graphics. Give this one a miss."
76561198009891613,Not Recommended,233700,13650537,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Mediocrity,"I played for 3 hours and did not get any enjoyment out of the game.Unlike similar games like FTL and Binding of Isaac, I found no exciting loot or choices whatsoever. For instance, I found these mutation bottles on several runs. How exciting I thought. It turns out that they give like +-3 to some random stat and has an extremely minor affect on game play. BORING!The game's combat played out much like cookie clicker for the first few levels. (The combat mechanics are not very exciting.)The crafting in this game is no fun whatsoever. You start out with no recipes. If you want to craft anything you have to resort to trail and error.  And you don't want to make an error while crafting in this game. Trust me.Seems like too much of a gamble to continue playing the game in the hopes that I might start enjoying it.Play the demo. I did not."
,Not Recommended,233700,23028685,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,NoOtherKind,"It ran fine for quite some time, but now i can't get it to start at all. I bought dlc hoping that would fix it and I even looked for a fix just to find nothing. I even posted on the forums asking for help and never recieved any... So i would not reccomend this at all. If you buy it and it doesn't work it probably will never work."
76561197972738270,Not Recommended,233700,20539550,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Tripquick,Experienced a game breaking bug where game constantly crashes to windows.  Recieved absolutely no help on the technical support forums. Spend your money elsewhere.
,Not Recommended,233700,218665,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Muffins,"Wasn't very fond of it.Just lacks a lot of polish, the systems in the game feel uninituitive. I recommend Dungeons of Dredmor far over this game. Both are kind of cartoony, but Dredmor has a far better sense of humor and is a far deeper and more robust roguelike.The Pit is an interesting experiment, but it just didn't come together for me."
,Not Recommended,233700,24477849,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Ishvii,"I really liked the premise of this game, and most of the gameplay. The crafting system is so bloated though. There are SO many reagents and very limited bag space, so it's hard to ever make anything, which you need for progress."
76561198075316765,Recommended,233700,32117693,Posted: 1 June,all,arks,"slow in the start, but will start to get fun after a while."
76561198121728734,Not Recommended,233700,22547087,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Bratboy2004,It is just not my type of game I thought it would be cooler
76561198027113981,Recommended,233700,23175372,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Largecow,Tons of content for very little cost. :)
76561198020144608,Recommended,233700,24609135,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Clark Kent,gg
76561198066111631,Not Recommended,233700,34114398,Posted: 8 August,all,Pokiehl,"This game is clunky and confused.  It's not bad per se, but it tries to blend real time and turn based systems, as well as seeming to require both hands on the keyboard AND use of the mouse (I need three hands to play?).It has RPG elements, with experience points and levels.  It has crafting, with randomized crafting stations and limited inventory space.  Requires lots of combat (no sneaking) but has tons of weapons with only a few bullets each, and limited inventory space.  You constantly need to manage hunger, and can collect food ingredients to craft better food.  With a limited inventory you'll have to manage whether you need to keep food, weapons, or the random stuff that enemies drop that I suspect can be used in crafting.I suspect the game is very deep with a lot of replay once you scratch the surface, but the incredible clunkiness and lack of polish means the surface is made of rock and you're scratching at it with a plastic fork."
76561197977484071,Not Recommended,233700,755895,"Posted: 5 April, 2013",all,Severian,"This game is meh.  I love rogue-likes, but nothing in this game is particularly exciting.  The ""dungeons' are meh, the leveling is meh, the enemies are meh, and the graphics (which, admiittedly, are not a focus of this genre) are sub-meh.  I got 4 hours out of it, which I suppose isn't terrible.  Not recommeded."
,Recommended,233700,595808,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,MeatShake,pls buyyes
,Not Recommended,233700,8243831,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,sleepytom™,♥♥♥♥ing horible
76561198002840441,Recommended,233700,28007648,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Angstistenz,Almost perfect.
,Recommended,233700,22486374,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Lemonade,>:o
,Not Recommended,233700,8261584,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Hailspork,A run of the mill rogue-like.  Nothing special here.
,Not Recommended,233700,12738305,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Hemebond,Seems that once you've played the first few levels you've experienced what there is. Construction is so convoluted that even with a full inventory I couldn't make something simple to eat.
76561198024628159,Not Recommended,233700,28727621,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sythrix,Too derivative. Each floor feels as flat as it looks. A random smattering of stuff strewn about some featureless rooms with an equal smattering of monsters kind of plopped down. I don't really know how else to describe it beyond that. I like rogue-likes/lites and this is just.. meh.I managed to find a cooking station and it let me craft... wait for it... one item. Then it went dead. I decided that was a good stopping point.P.S. The tutorial narrator is quite possibly the most annoying POS I've ever had to deal with. You'll celebrate when he finally stops talking... if you actually buy it.
,Not Recommended,233700,12841438,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Gay Witch Cyrin,A really brutally hard dungeon crawler. Too difficult to really be 'fun' fo me
,Recommended,233700,23506025,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Fonzi Buddy,Hey that's pretty good!
76561198045882856,Not Recommended,233700,24586793,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,pharmgrinder,"I don't know what posses a company to port a game but then do a crappy job. If you're gonna do it then do it right, but they didn't. Linux version is stuck at 1024x768 with no full screen options. That means I can't see it on my TV. And I have waited for a year or more too before reviewing to see if they would ever fix it but nope.So why guys? Why do something half-butt like this? Money grab? I am dissapointed because of it. Based on what little playing I did do, it seems it's too brutally random anyway."
,Recommended,233700,12690075,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Chuck Stegall,Awesome game
,Not Recommended,233700,465314,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,𝔩𝔞𝔫𝔡𝔴𝔥𝔞𝔩𝔢,"Shallow, repetitive, rogue-like in space with hideous art style and overly strong randomization. There's too many enemies and not enough armor, weapons, or ammo to deal with them all. If you somehow manage to get to lower floors, there's also the problem of disease (snowballing DoT and stat debuff that is extremely hard to remove), starvation, and enemies that level up faster than your weapons. It is not uncommon to reach floor 10 and find no new weapons, or even worse, find weapons but no ammo for them (or visa versa).All of the randomization is too strong, stat and skill systems are shallow, combat is tedious and repetitive, and the overall difficulty is unrealistic. Be prepared to die to lockers setting off alarms, ammo boxes exploding, and randomized traps randomly disintegrating your main weapon. There are better rogue-likes available (most of them free), better sci-fi games, and better $10 games on Steam."
76561198005357441,Not Recommended,233700,16908488,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,SinRopa,Easily the worst game I have ever played
,Not Recommended,233700,8382763,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,MetelStairs,"Crap game becuase it has no story♥♥♥♥♥♥gameplay♥♥♥♥♥♥engine♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics,awfull idea of crossing RTS with TBS.Did not enjoy hope it burns in hell.WASTED 27P ON THIS I AM NOT AMUSED I WANT MY MONeY BACK!"
,Recommended,233700,12715175,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Lord Lunarian,Awesome. Just. Awesome. Go buy it. Now. Go.
,Not Recommended,233700,8668883,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,human after all,"The controls are messy, the graphics are sloppy, very bad game in general."
,Not Recommended,233700,13509248,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Kalijawan(Kal),"♥♥♥♥ING port, UI seems really ♥♥♥♥♥♥, and in the middle of the tutorial, it starts giving you console controller instructions."
76561198042603695,Not Recommended,233700,24410431,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Edge of Orbos,"This review is based mostly upon a single detail. You cannot change resolution in Linux and are stuck in a 1024x768 resolution windowed mode.Although the game may actually have merit and be enjoyable if you can overlook this it is a game breaker in the immersian area of the game. I just cannot get into the game because of ""everything else"" that is not supposed to be there."
,Not Recommended,233700,28063768,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Battletoad,DLC
76561198008561526,Recommended,233700,10638441,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Slayer_IHD,"Highly recommended if you have any interest in Rogue-likes.  Simple, clean graphics; tons of items and monsters;  lots of unique classes with different skillsets; several difficulty levels to choose from;  it pretty much has it all."
76561198042441726,Recommended,233700,8405580,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dinky Dongos,great game
76561198067834496,Recommended,233700,10727474,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,shadowforce96,"I got this game for a little over a buck during the summer sale, and I can safetly say that it is one of the BEST buys I have made. If you enjoy the rogue like, randomized dungeons with a survival feel to it, I highly reccommend this game. The turn based combat feels good and not at all awkward, the inventory is big enough to hold the stuff you need, but also sized just right to make you have to pick and choose what to keep and what to toss. A great game and a great deal."
76561197980288822,Recommended,233700,858871,"Posted: 13 March, 2013",all,tpieciuk,Excellent little game. I love it. Great roguelike.
,Recommended,233700,10801218,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Fenthik,"Very polished and content-filled turn based rpg. One of the best games ive ever seen to combine futuristic weapons and ideas with a roleplaying style. Very balanced as far as survival vs. progression. The difficulty modes are spread out far enough that you can choose what kind of experience you want to have. 44 hours into the game, I still haven't seen everything. Highly recommend, 10/10."
,Recommended,233700,10805936,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,spootyshiznit,"It's fun but beware. It is perma death. The bad kind that doesn't carry anything over to your new games with the exception of known recipes but that is not a big deal since you can just look them up. Honestly I hate wasting my time so wont be playing this anymore. But for those that actually want to waste their time, this IS a good game."
76561198039528301,Recommended,233700,10812982,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Jacob,"This is my First time playing a roguelike, and Bloody hell it's good! No correction it's so much more then just a game experience / eye-opener, I always found that games where becoming really easy over the past years, with most of the games holding your hands and a general feeling of every one is a winner, but this game does something else it's unforgiving from the enemies you encounter to the food that you eat to satisfy your hunger, and what I found really interning is that even when you think a food type is save it's not a guaranty that it's truly save, and you might be poised and the more move you take the more health you lose because of the position ticks, and you find your self with only 10 bullets left and your trusty knife, it makes you nervous and careful and you start to doubt every thing you find, Levels are procedurally generated each time a new game is started, the interface is beautiful and you can level up and spend your points, so if you want a Pretty good roguelike with fun action and crafting system Buy This GAME!  This of course is my Own opinion and I'm not a game journalist just a gaming fan Enjoy :)"
,Recommended,233700,10849074,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,robotbees,"SotS: The Pit is my favorite modern Roguelike, in that it gives you the same hopes of Nethack with the RNG as merciless as Jubilex wielding a dead cockatrice.  Instead of random ?s and !s you get random equipment mods and doorway traps.  Ammunition remaining becomes as critical as the # of charges your Roguelike wands had.  An addicting mix of crafting and exploring and good 'ole fashioned turn-based combat.  The gold edition adds a lot (especially classes / loot), but isn't required for A+++ fun."
76561198068777327,Recommended,233700,9879619,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Cleaverguy,"It's really enjoyable. After I bought it, I then had a few doubts on whether I would actually even play the game, but it turned out great."
,Recommended,233700,4544060,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Per,Cheap fun :D
,Recommended,233700,924183,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,reyom89,"A pleasantly surprising rogue-like. Tons of fun, already dumped hours into it."
,Recommended,233700,8619603,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,[GWJ] FSeven,"Space based, roguelike dungeon delver with fun crafting and skill systems for various classes creates a lightweight tremendously replayable game that you'll find yourself coming back to again and again for that good old ""just one more turn"" feeling. Worth every penny."
76561198069513316,Recommended,233700,8623196,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,riggingchimp,"This game is very hard indeed and though I've played it a fair bit I keep coming short of finishing it.Yes its a roguelike and is meant to be harder, but most of the others I've played I have at least finished.This being said its a fun and absorbing game, the DLC and gold edition add plenty of new characters so it will certainly keep you busy for awhile if you want to achieve it all."
76561197999585287,Recommended,233700,8804040,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Raziel Star,"Lots of replayability and lots of immersive lore for fans of the Sword of the Stars series. Clean interface and colorful art design makes the game a pleasent experience for the eyes. While the music and voice acting are nothing special, the variety of equipment, food, weapons and enemies will keep you glued to the screen for hours at a time.I do recommend both the expansions. The psionics adds a fun twist to gameplay, while the extra classes give you even more ways to play and adapt."
76561198055456894,Recommended,233700,8978245,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Jack,"An AWSOME game; hack, slash, and blow up your enemies.  Lotsa differently items and things to kill. Gameplay is dynamic and enjoyable.  I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes the afore mentioned items!"
76561197983799166,Recommended,233700,8129509,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,22wings,"Amazing atmosphere, easy controls and interesting game structure. Recommend."
,Recommended,233700,1330310,"Posted: 11 April, 2013",all,BoyToy92,it's allright but luck based (again) 3+/5
76561197981929135,Recommended,233700,9820712,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,RedSnowMan,"A really good example of the roguelike genre, and with the DLC it really does boom with content. It's a great game to sit back and waste your whole day on."
76561197968515916,Recommended,233700,318854,"Posted: 10 March, 2013",all,WereChihuahua,What a surprise! A turn based Sci-fi Rogue like that is an absolute hoot. This and the excellent FTL in the same year. W00T!
76561198039810457,Recommended,233700,8358660,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Gnarkill,Tis a mighty fun game.
,Recommended,233700,11240262,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,West,"A hidden gem that is extremely good. It's a roguelike, so you will have to start over when you die - and you will die because this game is hard. However, there's a sense of progression as you decode more and more messages and recipes. In addition to several DLC's that actually have reasonable pricing, the devoloper adds some free content every once in a while.Did I mention it is hard? Some deaths will be devastatingly sudden, others will be an inexorable slow grind towards death via hunger or poor equipment. If you want an easy game, pick up Nintendogs. If you want a challenge that is well worth the price of admission, then this is a pretty damn good choice."
,Recommended,233700,854865,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,Ignacio Badtanman,"The Pit is, at first glance, sort of an odd roguelike. Certain classes seem to rely more or less on RNG, and some runs can feel like The Binding of Isaac where unless you get the ""correct gun"" or ""best equipment"" for your build you're going have a lot of trouble. A lot of the game is about learning and skill-based though, meaning the more runs you do -- and I'd recommend your first completion on Easy, as it's a lot more forgiving -- the more tricks you're going to learn. That means you're going to have an easier time on your next trip, and an easier time on your next trip, and it goes on... Worth the $10 price if you're the kind of person who boots up roguelikes every so often for a run or two. If you're the ""beat it once"" kinda person, I'd probably wait for a sale."
76561198141519216,Recommended,233700,11333951,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Butterkugel,"I'm not a big fan of roguelikes, but the SciFi scenario and the graphic style is right up my alley, so I gave it a try and SotS didn't disappoint.The story is pretty generic, but I guess also not that important in these kind of games. Here it goes: Plague starts on some planet, dude/chick (you) goes to mysterious alien mountain base full of dangers in hope to find a cure. Messages can be found at terminals which contain some more lore, story elements and crafting recipes, but only if your character can decipher them.You can pick between 3 classes (Marine, Engineer, Scout) that come with different stats and equipment and play reasonably different. More classes are added in DLC (up to 10 in total).So what do you do exactly? Well, you fight your way through many (30 I think) randomly generated floors full of increasingly difficult enemies, while trying to find better equipment and prevent starvation. To help you with that, the game comes with a wide variety of guns, armor and tools as well as recipes for food and more guns/armor. In order to get those you must pick locks on containers, hack terminals and, when you're desperate, rummage through recycling bins. To increase your odds of successfully fishing a piece of yummy bacon out of a rotting garbage pile or hitting an enemy, you gain XP and spend points on several skills like ""Foraging"" and ""Assault Rifles"". Combat is (semi-)turn-based: If no enemy is near you can move freely but once spotted, it goes turn-based and you can only move a few tiles or attack each turn.SotS is not a short game - Although it's perfectly fine to play for 30 minutes and clear 1-2 floors every now and then, getting to the bottom floor of the alien base will suck a lot of time out of your life, even more so on higher difficulty settings when you dying will become a regular event. The difficulty curve is quite steep - on my first easy playthrough I pretty much breezed through the levels, but now I'm already struggling to make it past the 10th floor on normal. There are many different enemies with different abilities and strengths and an important part of survival is knowing how to counter them (and keeping cures ready for all the negative status effects they can inflict).Soundtrack and effects aren't that good, but like the story it's not something I care too much about in these games.I don't see anything wrong with the controls - simple but effective. The only thing that keeps bugging me is the limited inventory space. With all the guns, food, ammo, crafting materials, etc. your inventory is constantly full. But I guess the hard decision between keeping a potentially life-saving food item or an equally important Medkit is part of the fun.I enjoyed it a lot and will keep playing. It's fun to tune in for 30 minutes to clear some floors and find loot. If you played a lot of roguelikes, SotS might not offer you anything you haven't seen before, but it's still a very solid game. If you're new to the genre, it's a good albeit difficult start.About the DLC - As mentioned before they add new classes but also new equipment (+recipes), enemies, messages, status effects, etc. Mindgames is the biggest one, adding all that plus new skills (Psionics), extra floors and new rooms. More than what you would expect for DLC and worth getting. Gold Edition DLC has less content (mostly equipment and new classes) but is also cheaper. Nice addition, though not a must-have. Can't say anything about The Pilgrim DLC since I don't own that one."
76561198008093820,Recommended,233700,11250086,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Marsh,"This isn't so much a review as me freaking out of happiness. I bought this game recently on steam summer sale after wanting it for a long time from seeing it on Let's Player's Channel: Ethos Lab. Okay so this game is only advertised for windows. But I am currently on my Macbook Pro, and just got done downloading and actually playing it on here too. It is not advertised for Mac. Was I randomly selected for a Mac test? Or has it just not been updated yet??"
76561198088213774,Recommended,233700,11514142,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,spots2012,Great dungeon crawler :)
,Recommended,233700,4319463,"Posted: 20 April, 2013",all,W0l3,"Insane to lvl 10. OMG. The hardest RPG I've ever played. You'll love this D&D style game, if you want a real challenge."
,Recommended,233700,9448437,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,EdiToR~707,Do not go by the metacritic score for this game. Do you like Rogue-like games? If so then this game is for you! This is a tremendous example of the genre. The art style and music is functional and the controls are tight. The gameplay is the real star of this game however and is both deep and easy to grasp. A hugely addictive and FUN romp through an alien death trap! BUY IT NOW!-TheEditor
76561198025310661,Recommended,233700,11438933,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,richamead,"Reminiscent of one of my old favorites: Mission Thunderbolt!  Well put together, this one is keeping my attention with replayability and cross-game information gatghering.  What you learn in each play of the game is kept for all you future plays!  At least in terms of 'recipes' for cooking and engineering skills, and the notes that you find and have to 'decrypt' and hopefully lead you to your eventual goal of finding a cure for the plague..."
,Recommended,233700,9374302,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,DasWampyr,"I picked this game up for about $1.00 on the Steam Winter Sale and I gotta say, it's one of my absolute favourite games! It's just so addictively fun trying to gather enough resources to run a final gauntlet at the end while trying to balance the use of your bullets, medkits and food to even get to the final level. Would recommend absolutely!"
76561197989215345,Not Recommended,233700,12141216,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Yrthiriel,"It's alright, well made and all that, but there are alot better roguelikes either for free or cheaper. Stonesoup Dungeoncrawl for example."
,Recommended,233700,12136518,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,VanishingNinja,"Your pulse quickens, you ready your weapon.   You open the door to see........Anything!This rouge-like tests your survival skills, as well as planning skills, as each move you make could be your last.  Ration your ammo carefully; you never know when you will see an ammo crate or weapons locker again.  Also, the food you get at the beginning of the game? It will not last you the whole game.  You will need to make more; sadly, sometimes you'll be forced to eat something raw.This game also incorporates recipies made with the mob drops.  Just do not go crazy, as failed attempts will result in all the items used in the failed attempt being destroyed.The story does not really end at the bottom of the pit.  The DLC continues on the lore.  Just what is at the bottom of this pit? What attracts our heroes to it? Just what is with the messages from the consoles?Play and find out."
76561198069456643,Recommended,233700,12113154,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Psychicbard,"Simply put, the best traditional rogue-like game on the modern market."
76561198006944082,Recommended,233700,12103452,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Sparkster,"Sword of the Stars the strategy game had a wonderfully thick amount of lore behind all the races, their habits and backstories. Only sad that studio kinda fell on their face with SOTS2. The pit is a fun roguelike that takes all of that backstory and makes great use of it, as well as being obstensibly a fun scifi version of your typical roguelike.Get alot of bang for the buck too. The graphics and sounds are very good, wonderfully animated which is actually rare for the rogue like genre where aside from FTL most of these kind of games go the retro pixalated look or skimp on visual design for gameplay. This has both. With the gold edition they also added more of the interesting SOTS races as playable characters and they each have a unique strength and downsides to change up the challenge of playing through. Very good buy."
76561197965678168,Recommended,233700,9377226,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Abe!!,"A good game for anyone who likes the ""idea"" of roguelikes but finds it difficult to get into some of the more standard roguelike fare (Angband, DCSS, ADOM etc).  I didn't really enjoy this game very much untill I purchased the Gold Edition and Mind Games dlc.  These DLCs have spiced things up quite a bit making early floors much more interesting without having to turn the difficulty up to a level that is unsurvivable for new/newish roguelike players.  I highly recommend this game WITH the DLCs."
,Recommended,233700,20466251,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,punxtr,"Sometimes love don't feel like it should. You make it hurt so good. Ba na na na, bow bow, du nu nu nuh."
,Recommended,233700,1279183,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,<SK> | .C7.Einhander,"An interesting game; The Pit starts the players off slow but rapidly shoots the difficulty up. Honestly I can't beat this game even with cheats.  So if you like a challenge its a good buy, but if your hoping to actually beat it good luck to you then."
,Recommended,233700,63639,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,mrakva,"8/10General overview: If u like dungeon crawlers, you should give this one a try. Especially if you also like sci-fi in general or Sword of the Stars universe particularly.Graphics: The game is pleasing aesthetically. Graphics are simple, but well done. Animations could have been more varied. The game is in 2D from a top-down perspective. You know if you like this style.Sounds: Again, sounds are on the simple side. Nothing was done bad, but there is simply nothing really to hear. You won't miss anything if the sound is off.Gameplay: The game is addictive. It's easy to get into the routine (one more floor, one more ingridient, one more recepe). There is decent amount of variety in the game. However, at later levels and numerous playthroughs, you may wish for more variety in all aspects (level design, bestiary, recepies and inventory).Verdict: Get it. Note: if you are new to the game, grab the gold edition with an expansion."
76561197980020480,Recommended,233700,846854,"Posted: 25 April, 2013",all,Pandosaurie,Super good game!
,Recommended,233700,1497210,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,gorpie,"This reminds me of Hack (a text-based RPG) for some reason.  I spent a humongous amount of time playing Hack in the late 80s/early 90s but I'm finding this more boring, even though it has better graphics.  There seems to be a lot of luck involved, and I'm not interested in trying and starting over and trying and starting over again, rinse and repeat, just to see if I can make it to the end this time."
,Recommended,233700,1893548,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,The Burninator,"A lot of fun if you're into turn-based rogue-likes. As you play the game and discover new bits of equipment / information / recipes / etc it's recorded in a 'SOTSdex' available for all playthroughs. In my opinion this works perfectly, striking a good balance between discovery/experimentation without punishing those that aren't going to live and breathe the game. It's a steal for the asking price!"
,Recommended,233700,13020375,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,fat piece of shit,Love it. A ton of♥♥♥♥♥♥to do.
,Recommended,233700,16509943,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,VireKniGht,"If you masochist who like anal fisting porn, play this game because it is Super Hard and not for weak mindset person. This game feels like a♥♥♥♥♥♥want to penetrate nostril but it can't and it seems imposible right ?. But with super dedicated heart and strong will mind you will finish the game in my calculation as PHD graduated, YOU WILL SUCECSS  TO FINISH THIS GAME WITH ONLY 10% chance. goodluck fella10/10 will make my self die again in ""Recycler"" hand, my character (Liir) have been♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and molested by machine without my blessing"
76561198058356083,Recommended,233700,21849055,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,lamajoe75,"If you like sci-fi and want to try a roguelike, SotS: The Pit is for you.This game has great personality, and the devs have put a lot of love into it.  Seriously, the art is adorable, the audio is aural candy, and the enemies are so unforgiving of your mistakes that you'll learn to enjoy surviving just one more turn.If there is a free demo available, by all means try it if you are on the fence.  However, The Pit is well worth the full asking price if you like a good, brutal, permadeath gaming experience.  With love, of course."
76561198038781046,Recommended,233700,21062311,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,tomekrpg,"Needs only a bit to be epic. Sadly isn't.It feels like Fallout 2 dungeon exploration with System Shock (predecessor to BioShock) mood. Great mix - and since both were dark sci-fi schemes it blends well.Most of the levels seem tiny. So they also seem to start to look alike.On the + side all the side skills (computers, repairs etc) seem to have a point in this game. That's great! Happened rarely in other games.In conclusion - good another rogue like, but still just another rogue like. With Tome4 and venerable adom available for free we should start to demand more :)"
76561198065661579,Recommended,233700,21002421,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,jal4568,"I really enjoy this game. I noticed other reviewers commenting that it can get repetitive but I don't think that's a dealbreaker. The starter characters are interesting & fun to play (although the lizard has an absurd advantage with a built-in melee ability), the recipes are discovered in a cool way and there's lots of different ways to play. I usually find a single ""type"" of build and play that for a long time but with this game, I was experiementing with different characters & skills fromt he start. I think anyone that likes a good rogue-like would like this game."
76561198151675322,Recommended,233700,15580895,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,nibba,you know theres something wrong if a rat does more damage than you do.
,Recommended,233700,2122291,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,Witchblade,Get it. Absolutely addictive and fair with different well balanced difficulty levels.
,Recommended,233700,4305974,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,Raven,"Great Game, Though Turned based but very fun and tactical. You might think its easy but in reality its hard as hell."
,Recommended,233700,19836716,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Ryūgū Rena,"By far the most unforgiving rogue-like that I have played, but the more unforgiving the more rewarding. awesome rogue-like"
76561198026110970,Recommended,233700,3689465,"Posted: 6 April, 2013",all,nhmetalhead,This is a fun little roguelike.  Recommended if you like the genre.
,Recommended,233700,7714095,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Cue,"Very fun Dungeon Crawler type game with a nice touch of classes, and interactible objects throught the game. Much like Dungeons Of Dredmor you wont be able to beat this game your first try. It takes alot of experimenting with skills and equipment to maximize your potential"
76561198075650842,Recommended,233700,20648898,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,alex,This game is pretty good
,Recommended,233700,20458545,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,The Spirit of Jazz,"A decent rogue-like, with lore straight out of SotS. Many of the characters I don't think are playable in the long-run, but start with enough bonuses and hardware that will enable you to moderately outfit a scout, engineer, or Tarkan alpha on the 5th floor without relying far too much on RNG to give you the singular ability of not being just completely gimped."
,Recommended,233700,355747,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,Simon Drake,"Best Roguelike I have ever played. Progression between ""Lives"" gives this game a lasting appeal that has you coming back for more frequently."
,Recommended,233700,5397920,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,UltraCMD,"Good rogue-like action, right down into the PIT.How far can YOU descend!The unknown awaits!!!RECOMMENDED!"
,Recommended,233700,5468303,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,halfkidding,"old school roguelike game, a ton of fun"
76561198012405933,Recommended,233700,23202585,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,BopBurrito,A fun dungeon crawler with heavy RPG elements.I was originally worried about its turn-based element but it works so smoothly you hardly even notice the fights aren't in real time.
76561197970922093,Recommended,233700,8035721,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,BioNemesis,Great game. Turn Based Sci Fi RPG. Permanant Death and always different next playthrough. You get to choose from 3 different classes and yeah it's pretty fun.
76561198076329920,Not Recommended,233700,8151457,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Fuzzy,"Good game, but very repetive. If you spend more than 30 minutes on it you will get bored."
76561198019283257,Recommended,233700,8315260,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Knifes,"Excellent sci-fi rougelike. The dlc is highly recommended, almost required but that's alright because the game is well worth the $10. Reminds me of all the best parts of Fallout, and other roguelikes."
76561198011543452,Not Recommended,233700,8180668,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,The Big Tool,Bought this game after playing FTL and wanted some more rogue like action. The game is ok IMO but just lacks the quality and more importantly the fun of FTL. I played it for a short time but ultimatly was dissapointed by the game.Not a bad game but not that great either...
,Recommended,233700,69949,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,CarlCX,it's a space sandwich simulator
,Recommended,233700,8014738,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Doc Holiday,"if youre into exploring and finding new weapons , crafting them and surviving bossses and such then this game is awesome. you  get 2 steps if youre near an enemy so you can use that wisely."
,Not Recommended,233700,8168469,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Melancholia,"A decent roguelike, let down by far too little content, especially in regards to crafting recipes.Desperately needed mod support,"
76561198094711629,Recommended,233700,8274655,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Nathanael,"Totaly worth it, everyone should get this"
76561198057444885,Recommended,233700,8277450,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,HooDi v1.1,Amazing game at the current price. definately worth every penny
,Recommended,233700,8215106,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,WyattMassey,"This game is fun. I played it for 9 hours straight i was plowing through people not a big problem, i got to floor 21 and i was killing enemys just fine i walked into a room and got killed in one hit.. GAME OVER NO CONTINUES... WHO does that in an rpg? it is obsurd... eh got my moneys worth i guess still mad.. the reply value is not the best."
,Recommended,233700,8216335,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Meownster ♕,"The Pit is already one of my favorite games i own. Its very addicting, starts off a little easy but gets difficult after the first few levels. A must buy if on sale!"
76561198053109390,Recommended,233700,8216620,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Artein Deust,"This is the first Sci-fi Roguelike Dungeon Crawler that I played, and I was not disappointed. Really liked various difficulty settings and classes, that allows you to challenge yourself to try different playstyles. Good craft system with little downfall of what you have to learn pretty much recipes trough experimentation or look at recipe list in the internet. Overall, a very good game, if you like Roguelike Dungeon crawlers, when it's a good buy."
,Recommended,233700,8269878,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,TfauxT,"First off, this game is great fun. I love it.To describe the feel playing this, I would say its like playing one of the old metroid games mixed with resident evil. Its pretty good, and very in-depth. The Pit has more then enough difficulty possible if you want a challenging survival game."
76561197973896673,Recommended,233700,8338882,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Umbriss,Nicely polished and addictive.
76561197972346477,Recommended,233700,8339037,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Quath,Pretty fun overall. Figuring out new recipes is more of a chore than I like.
76561197966548393,Recommended,233700,248231,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,PB Doughboyy,"Great Rogue-like game in a sci-fi setting!  One moment you think you're going to breeze through the whole game like nothing, the next a new never before seen monster appears and tears you to shreds.  Anyone that's into the Rogue-like genre of games should definitely give this one a shot."
76561198109349145,Recommended,233700,8337045,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Lt. Xanthan,derp
,Recommended,233700,8191297,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Mr.Popo.V.134,wogh. mantab (y)
,Recommended,233700,8243823,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,thorvindr,"Very fun sci-fi rougelike. Run around on a map and kill monsters/robots/aliens. Pickup weapons, equipment, food, etc. And crafting. The crafting is (I feel) overly complicated, in that you need to discover recipes by trial and error, using as many as five components simultaneously.Overall, a very fun game. You will die a lot, so don't get attached to your characters. But you'll do a little better each time if you learn from your mistakes."
76561198001151565,Recommended,233700,8244008,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Deadmoon,It kind of reminds me of Shiren the wonderer gameplay wise. It's a good level to level (perma death) dungeon crawler with good turn based gameplay. It keeps you on you're toes and makes you think ahead of how to use or conserve you're resources. I give it a 9/10 an excellent game for sure!
76561198006598990,Recommended,233700,8247481,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Toxxilly,"Starkt rekomenterat! Skit roligt, men svårt som döden."
76561198015670208,Recommended,233700,8249485,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,TheJester0673,A little tedious. Donkey/carrot crawler.  Pretty casual.
,Recommended,233700,9150816,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,ĢѧмвῖŦ,Great turn based tactics game! I could spend all day messing around in this game. Hard to beat but fun and easy to learn.
,Recommended,233700,8205200,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,sun,"Pretty much a good turn based roguelike, there's a lot of stuff to do and everything is your enemy. I recommend even for the casual players, besides being a game with a lot of content you can have a lot of fun just with the basics of the game. The random generation of levels is pretty much equal to these kinds of games, sometimes deadly as possible or a simple faceroll of the floor."
,Not Recommended,233700,9124713,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Czipperz,Not really as fun as the preview video demonstrates.  Definitely worth 3$ but no more.
,Recommended,233700,8851553,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,nibbs8383,The Pit pulls you in and wont let you go.  its topdown turn based rpg action will keep you playing with a feel that will never get old.  the random levels and loot helps keep you on your toes.  if your looking for an easy and fun RPG looter then this is it
,Recommended,233700,8788436,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,🎃Tay🎃,"A well crafted game, with lore from the Sword of the Stars series, that blends RPG tropes such as levelling and attribute points with some elements of the more classical rouge-like genre, such as perma-death and every choice being important. DO you spend those hard earned skill points on Melee in preperation for the later leves with less ammunition? Or do you spend them on your technological abilities in an attempt to subvert and subdue the mechanical systems of The Pit? Or do you push them into the DLC bound ability of Psionics, in an attempt to bend nature itself to your mind?"
,Recommended,233700,8918336,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,r_ev 1,"One of the all-time-best game for me. It's very addictive, and you have to calculate every step. Tons of craft, tons of cooking, hacking, traps, robots, goblins, new alien stuff,  and so on.. :)"
,Recommended,233700,8921025,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Aderrasi,"There's that old school feel to this game - going through a tile-based dungeon floor by floor. And there are many floors. You'll always be managing scarce resources and lots of skills and stats. It should be noted that a full playthrough of this game can take quite a long time. After taking longer breaks, it feels more tempting to start a new character than to jump back into some long-forgotten depths. The backstory of the Sword of the Stars universe creates more immersion than this type of game often offers."
,Recommended,233700,852079,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,Kid_A,"Очень интересный и сложный ""рогалик"". Чем-то неуловимым напоминает System Shock и Fallout."
76561198001792274,Recommended,233700,9024999,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Richthofen56,Simple yet fun.Pretty darn hard to get to the bottom as well.Don't cheap yourself and scum save :)
76561198070740028,Recommended,233700,8158004,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,icunurok,It has awesome replay value and huge amounts of content. It has a great art style and it's very convenient to pick up and put down. It's even more diverse if you pick up both the Mindgames and Gold Edition DLCs!
76561197960887681,Recommended,233700,60039,"Posted: 9 March, 2013",all,PSYCHOCAT,Captain Spacepants log:  I perished alot.  Sad face :(  Much like FTL or a swift kick in the ding dings this game reminds me of Rammy.....pensive and yet painful at the same time.  Which also reminds me.....I heart fluffy bunnies :D
,Recommended,233700,7757638,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,terran-twisted,If you like hard dungeon crawls this is a good versitile game with many different challenging aspects that keep things interesting.  New Psionic powers add an additonal tool to survive and keep playing.DLC's are a must with a lot of added content and the price is reasonable.
76561197972885830,Recommended,233700,7758693,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,fooish101,"The Pit, like most rogue-likes, is all about navigating a vast, deep dungeon while gathering equipment, learning skills and killing monsters. As you progress through The Pit, you will increase your skills such as lock-picking, computers, mechanical, and more. You can use these skills to open doors, hack computers, and repair broken machines, and each successful attempt to do so will increase your associated skill. If you can imagine fallout, remade as a rouge-like, it would be similar to what The Pit offers.A great feature of The Pit is the vast number of items and weapons included within the game. The Pit's weapon selection spans across a number of class types such as melee weapons, pistols, rifles, assault weapons, grenades, and more. Ammo is actually quite limited, this really makes you think about weapon selection as you battle your way though the game. Weapons will also break after continued usage, but items can be found to repair your damaged weapons. Besides its arsenal, The Pit includes items to help increase your abilities, and armour to equip to protect yourself.I found the games controls to be a bit more hassling then they should be. By no means are they bad, but a better control interface would have been appreciated. For example, it would of been nice to be able to control more actions with the mouse or via on-screen buttons. It gets annoying having to continuously hammer the g key to pick up loot from fallen monsters, instead of having the ability to right click on the ground to simply pick them up.I purchased the game during a steam 50% off sale for five bucks, which is a great price for this game. To justify The Pit's ten dollar regular price, I would have expected better graphics and features out of the game. If you are a real keener, feel free to jump in for full price, otherwise, wait for a sale on this one.For more info check out my full review here:http://hashron.com/display.php?id=16"
,Recommended,233700,7715697,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Helldrone,"GOD DAMNIT VON NEUMANN, WHY ARE YOU ALWAYS AROUND TO ♥♥♥♥ WITH METhis is a great dungeon crawler game, Like Dungeons of Dreadmor Just Sots universe and it's very challanging in so many ways as yer stuff degrades, discover helpful recipies for crafting good stuff or make careful choices of move or run into Stacks of poison or radiation that will wreck stats,  0 stats equals dead."
,Recommended,233700,402395,"Posted: 12 March, 2013",all,Devistater,"I've enjoyed this game. Its a semi-roguelike type game, little like FTL or Dungeons of Dredmor, and it has a sci-fi theme which I prefer. Lots of crafting, weapons, leveling up your character, baddies, etc. The keyboard only controls are a little klunky, but the game is worth playing. I suggest starting on Easy to learn though, the harder difficulties can be pretty hard :)Oh and this really has nothing to do with Sword of the Stars games. This is a completely different game."
,Recommended,233700,11503412,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Light,Real good game. Be warn this will test your luck!
,Recommended,233700,5403026,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,CorwinLogrus,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is good
76561198038329410,Recommended,233700,11047474,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Sylveon,"Another dungeon crawler that people can find on steam. Apparently it's got expansions and may be part of a larger story, but anyway, the story of this one is that there's a planet with old people on it and they turn into monsters so you have to go to the bottom of this dungeon to find a cure.Pros:+ Simple graphics so it runs quickly+ Wide range of weapons+ Interesting enemies+ Decipherable textlogs adding creepy jibberish to your record+ Recipes and ingredients can be found to make new weapons and armour+ Ability to zoom to show more of the mapNeutral:= Random dungeon generation makes journeys different -- Sometimes you have 500 rifle ammo and no rifle, or 3 pistols and never find any pistol ammo, run out of food, etc.= Varying skill points between characters -- 2 for one class, 3 for another= Only 3 different charactersCons:- When enemies are nearby, it turns into a janky turn-based game where you can move 2x a turn- Small scope of vision which may be understandable- Map interface has an oversized avatar so walking with the map revealed sucks- Characters aren't completely unique"
,Recommended,233700,11160207,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Dagnel,"Etho pointed me to this game, and a game Etho plays is always a good one."
,Recommended,233700,11204397,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,3Crispy,This game is a true roguelike game. It features turned base dungeon crawling and combat. The game has multiple classes to choose from with different space age weapons and equipment. Learn as you play and get better as you learn enemies and enviorments.The games weakpoints:1)Percent chances are frustrating. (Failing an 80%)2) The game feels the same after so many replaysThe games Strengths:1) Challenging2) Rewards efficiency. (Meleeing little enemies instead of wasting amunition.Overall if you like roguelike games you should enjoy this as well. At least pick it up if it go's on sale.
76561198054968623,Recommended,233700,11358340,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,vilefomori,"This rogue like really hits the spot for me, Sci-fi, decent character customization on top of the destinct character classes, and pretty good replay. Now there are better rogue likes out there, but the theme of this one really just has me hooked."
76561198042027183,Recommended,233700,11072128,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Exidest,"If you like rogue likes and space then you'll love this. It's your basic 2D game where you explore ""The Pit"" going down to each level picking up items that will help you or will need later on in the game. It's challenging in the way where when your start you either get lucky or fight to survive with only your bare knuckles or your blade. Along the way you can craft items that will give you a a huge boost and as you fight and do actions like unlocking a door you can get experience quickly so you can raise your stats for lock picking, hacking, better use of weapons and increasing the amount of things to carry. Just be sure to manage your inventory or you'll have your pockets full."
,Recommended,233700,10956693,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Beutel,Fun PermaDeath Game
76561198000574093,Recommended,233700,10960966,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Trippingghost,i say buy it its worth the money
,Recommended,233700,356212,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Khaar (Vladd),One of the best roguelikes!
76561198045405448,Recommended,233700,13885099,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,DrStrangelov1985,"Glorious game. Haven't finished it because it is brutally difficult BUT, it's still a pure joy. Remember walking around old derelict Vaults on Fallout 1 & 2? Well, this is that x10 times. Descending each level of the Pit is both exciting, for the possibilities of phat lewt,  and terrifying for the possibilities of horrible, mortal enemies. Get this game if you liked old time turn based RPG's. You are going to have a blast. And if you managed to finish it, tell me how the ♥♥♥♥ you did it."
,Not Recommended,233700,3519331,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,MyotisMac,Dungeons of Spacemor. It's a challenging but kinda shallow roguelike where you run around and die a bunch until you finally find Power Armor and then steamroll the game.
,Recommended,233700,8303433,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Valiant365,"This is a very enjoyable turnbased strategy adventure game. This is the first time I have played any games like this, and i found it to be very enjoyable and worth every second. I would definately recommend this game to any of my friends"
76561198015206516,Recommended,233700,13937424,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Calvin,Everything in this game wants to kill you.
,Recommended,233700,13817842,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Patton_Pending,"It's a roguelike. Nothing great, nothing bad. I enjoyed it when i was playing it, but it didn't really have anything to make me keep coming back.  If you're bored and it's on sale, sure, why not?"
,Recommended,233700,13837323,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,FalloutRyan3,"OVERALL RATING: 8.5/10I personally enjoy roguelikes, and this one in particualr does a great job of utilizing the positive aspects of dungeon crawlers without diluting it with pay-to-win and grinding like most others.Pros :Highly challengingFantastic replayabilityMany different playstyles, and ways to work around themLarge character pool with all of the DLCNever grows stale, allowing you to put tons of time into it regardless of how many times you have playedCan appeal to many different people due to a blend of genresUses the SotS universe in combination with a new genre for the franchise to create a game that will be enjoyed by fans and newcomers alikeNot graphically intensive, allowing those of you on low-end computers to play at a respectable framerateA smooth turn-based/ free movement system allows you to move and perform tasks quickly when no enemies are nearby, and switches to a turn system upon their arrivalThe Pit sits at a fantastic price, with all of the DLC and the game itself sitting at a low price which will be reduced frequently for salesCons :A lot of random chance will prevent you from succeeding at even the simplest tasks, but may also allow you to do the impossibleCertain characters are clearly better suited to winning than others, but all may find success with persistence and effortSome situations are dangerous enough to ruin a playthrough in a matter of seconds, which may discourage some playersFor more reviews on games accross many genres and price ranges, be sure to follow theLatte Reviews curation page.Also be sure to check outmy guide for The Pit, which will be updated regularly."
,Recommended,233700,8159194,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Zolo,"Amazing game, its one of the few games that I will play constantly and the DLC's for the game are really good, they add an Extreme large amount of content, for the price I got it for on the sale made it all the more worth it. Its basically a surival RPG were you go deeper into a dungeon and try to survive with the character you choose at the beggining of the game, depending on the class that you choose you will be able to survive in different ways."
,Recommended,233700,15550800,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,scukobyte,Too addicting! Pure awesomeness! Avoid this for any cost if you value your real life!
76561198089358214,Recommended,233700,15819859,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,ant13035,"Sword of the Stars: The Pit is a fun game, if you like Roguelikes. There is quite a big bit of content and is very hard. But, has a lot of RNG which is OK for a roguelike. There is A LOT of resources to manage ( Health,PSI,Food,Ammo, also durability, your medical stuff you want, junk, blablabla) and you have a limited invertory. Unless you have a item that increases it. The learning curve is huge and a lot of stuff that is like ""I can't use it or mix it"" so you drop it and then 10 games later you find a station or mix it and blablabla. IT HAS PERMADEATH, kinda. There are special storage pods to put gear/exp in and pass them to other runs. You will die a lot, like ALOT ALOT ALOT ALOT. I recommend it if you like RNG heavy game and hard game.P.S THERE IS ALOT OF SKILLS AND I DONT KNOW WHAT MOST DO SO... HORRAY?This is my 1st review so sorry if its not perfect."
76561198045892783,Recommended,233700,15820426,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,powerfulstar,nice game
,Recommended,233700,15674087,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,savaze,"If you don't already have Dungeons of Dredmor, then you should probably start there, due to it's better price point, the considerable amount of community mods, and it's more concise experience. The game play is going to be similar between the two with the obvious difference of scifi vs fantasy (and silliness). This is a solid roguelike turnbased game. It's easy to get addicted to the just another turn mentality. Try the demo to see if this is for you, but you won't go wrong if you like this style of game. This game does suffer from too many abilites that don't clearly let you know what they do. My experience is also that you won't be able to carry one character all the way through the game, no matter how good you get. You'll have to pick up a new character and start at one of the entry points that are in factors of 5 (5, 10, 15, etc). Good game with some flaws."
76561198126404018,Recommended,233700,15678211,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,hairyballbastic,"This is a really fun and difficult game, I've been playing it for a long time and still learn new things about it!also it keeps the saves from computer to computer :D"
76561198115573627,Recommended,233700,14048731,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,MADbakamono,"I love this game. But when I have died basically as many times (if not more) becouse of disease rather than monsters, you kind of get the ""why am I even bothering"" feeling. I can be way far down but the one thing I lack is a cure and I haven´t gotten the cure power and then one little thing hits me once and it escalades to finally kill me without me beeing able to do anything. Thats the big problem with this game. Its so luck based that, I atleast, get very frustrated. It is part of the Rouge-Like genre to have luck elements, but it shouldn´t come down to ""luck"" wether you die or not.NERF DISEASES!!!!! ...Other than that, great game. 13.5/15. K thnx bye"
,Recommended,233700,8744733,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Shroomhead,"Interesting and addictive turn-based rogue-like game in sci-fi covering. It has a lot of content, but not too much to completely overload your brains. Anyway, It's amount still impressive and charming - bunch of playable classes, a lot of recipes, encrypted messages, variable drop, rooms full of different devices and crates, and tons of mosters waiting to tear or blow you apart.Game mechanics are addictive and interesting, also having a lot of random elements and some tricky stuff, confusing player for a first time and being totally unforgiving even at the normal difficulty. Turn based system always giving you a chance to think and avoid most of troubles. Yes, the difficulty is about being quite hard, charcters has some specifical benefits and most of the things and tricks you would realise reading decoded messages and as usual - dying very often, sometimes incredibly stupid, being shocked and confused. Otherwise - read the manual coming with the game before playing - it would save a lot of your nerves and teardrops.If you aren't a hardcore gamer - this is not your game, forget about it. Seriously. At last because you don't want to join crowd of crying people were looking for fun, but found hard, painful and repreating deaths in this unforgiving game. When I reached floor 10 for a frist time (of total 40) on a hard settings I've seen that there were less than 2% of people on steam for that moment who made it too, and it's without mentioning two more cruel difficulty levels.You also should know one thing before you start playing (no matter this game, or any other) - computer games and games at all weren't designed to make you pleased during endless winning, the real pleasure - is in the process of gaming no matter loose you or win. Each step you do making you more experienced, it's just like life with all it's benefits, black and white sides. Series of looses would lead to win, series of wins would lead most - to loose, and it's normal. Yes, life is a tought thing and in a crowd always just a few people really happy and enjoying it, with all its sides, because they learn, try and get, when most of the people - annoying with their problems actually doing nothing useful, where most because of their misunderstanding of reality, irresposibility and other gifts for the weaklings. People thinking that games were created to win and to be happy because of that - just a bunch of loosers trapped into their own illusions and can't accept how things are really working, that's it. If you aren't agree with that go and beat the Tetris, and similar games, I would be pleased to see you doing it, punk.PS This review is actual for the Gold Edition of the game (with all dlcs). DLCs are organic and making game bigger, even more complete and variable due to new classes. Juggernaut DLC seem to be weakest though, having less content that any of previous DLCs, but it's worth to be bought on sales to unlock all the newest stuff and catch a complete pleasure playing it full, if you loved it.I bet this game got to have a better metascore rating, if it wasn't so unforgiving to the most of pussicats..."
,Recommended,233700,14104454,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Joranous,"This is an awesome Rogue-like game, it can be tough but you can pull through and win!"
76561197968600033,Recommended,233700,14393223,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Rolo zzt,"The grinding system for item crafting keeps you from being spoiled too easily, but also gives you the information to advance, so it's a good way to implement a Nethack feel, especially with the internet tempting you with a complete guide in the next window."
76561198143736231,Recommended,233700,14424230,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Ichoren,11/10 Over all great game. DLC is also worth it.
76561197971228152,Recommended,233700,14520290,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Blackhorse311,"Do you like Rogue-like game? Do you like building and modifying items? Do you like solving puzzles to learn new recipes? If yes, then Sword of the Stars: The Pit is for you!While I can't really understand the ""Sword of the Stars"" tie-in for this game, this is a great rogue-like game set in space. There are three classes to choose from, each with their own stengths and weaknesses.You have to use your character to explore the abandoned space station. While exploring you will run across monsters, defensive robots, aliens, and traps. Plus you'll find lots of loot and items that you can combine in workbenches or kitchens to make new items, or food, ro help you on your way.Items become damaged through use and battle, and charges run out of electronic devices, but you can repair these and recharge these provided you find the appropriate tools and stations.Death is permanent, and the maps are always random, so the game has high replay value.This is a very fun game and I reccomend that anyone who enjoys a good ""light"" RPG or Rogue style games to take a look at this."
76561198075375935,Recommended,233700,14438889,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Delourt,"So, Sword of the Stars:The Pit is a top-down survival game where you play as a spe-Ant people?8/10 - IGN""itwasfun"""
76561198054823453,Recommended,233700,8163471,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,DarkAngel,Basic... But alot of fun WARNING: Very addictive.
76561198006724515,Recommended,233700,8237802,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,ataboy77,A really fun and intresting game. This is the first rogue-like i've played and its awesome. I love all the different characters in the dlc.
76561197960554154,Recommended,233700,8207765,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Ch3$t3R,m
76561198052118078,Recommended,233700,8208731,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,EnterSemideusMode,One of those cheap gems with crazy replayability.
,Recommended,233700,3830675,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,AKtion,Really worth to play!
,Not Recommended,233700,8211837,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,mipper,Too slow for a rogue like and kind of boring.But the graphics and sound are nice.
,Recommended,233700,8212718,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Belcross,Amazing rogue like turn based RPG. Quite a diffcult game to grasp but once you understand the advanced crafting system and how to properly build your characters stat's it is very rewarding to play. The game's diffculty even on normal is pretty brutal. few problems is the RNG system which can make or break a play through. Also permi death to a character so if you are the faint of heart this game is not for you. If you enjoy turn based startegy RPG's that is not a quick and easy play through this game is exactly what you are looking for. Score 9/10
,Recommended,233700,8227716,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,The Avatar,"A very fun and addicting combination of roguelike RPG and sci-fi elements. SOTS: The Pit requires a lot of strategy and micromanagement, and the variety of different enemies and loot keeps the game exciting throughout the 30 levels."
76561198067013414,Recommended,233700,8184339,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,TheChromeCarp,"A blast  to play, grab a copy for a friend, totally worth a couple bucks."
,Recommended,233700,8184398,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Sindick Shitpickle,"This game is amazing. It is reminiscent of alien in the original NES and Gameboy. You constantly have to juggle items in your inventory and monitor your health. Once you are dead you stay dead. While this game is critical about everything, that doesn'e mean it isn't tons of fun. The crafting and food preperations system is really neat. I have a unique Diablo 2 feel to it. Overall I would highly reccomend it!"
,Recommended,233700,8184884,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,leonarr [BTTR],"In the beginning there were a couple ""wtf""s, but it went from ""Let's press play.."" to ""Just another 10 minutes!"" within the first hour of gameplay - Really funny and addicting game worth every single one of those 90 pennies^^ :D"
76561198044177122,Recommended,233700,8185201,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Deep Fried Abortion,"While seeming simple at first, it has a very irresistable charm and easy to get into gameplay for a Roguelike. If you're a veteran of these kinds of games then I recommend a different game (due to it's simplicity and offering nothing too revolutionary to the genre) but if you're new and want to get into the craze, this game could be for you."
,Not Recommended,233700,8186367,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Lancie Pants,"On my very first goddamn play through, on level 3,  my dude gets fear and just runs while baddies are pounding him. No introduction to the fear mechanic, no warning, nothing. Got bite by space dog and now my PC just runs while getting his♥♥♥♥♥eaten up. I ended up getting pinned between 2 other baddies and perma died.If the game is going to take away the players ability to play the game, or interact with the environment, forworn the player. And don't just half-asssed blindly introduce something like that so early in the game. At least let the player get their legs underneath them.This game is strictly amateur hour, steer clear."
,Recommended,233700,8186752,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Neil Breen banana,"Great game, forces you to make difficult descions, very challenging, very fun."
,Recommended,233700,8231463,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Gwydion Himself,"Instantly addictive with a surprising amount of depth and replay value. If you have any interest in the genre, get this game!"
76561198006911648,Recommended,233700,8171028,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,FizbanTV,The pit is at the center of every peach. To eat fresh fuzzy peach you must be willing to pit yourself against the pit-iful collection of alien potatos.
,Recommended,233700,8174494,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Celedhring,Fun rogue-like game.
76561198070753548,Recommended,233700,9133073,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,The Great Typhoon,"I strongly suggest playing this game because their is so much to explore and craft.The fighting in this was a little confusing at first but then i got used to its totally worth buying the game because its fun,you can explore,kill,scavenge,decrypt, and craft."
76561198051708620,Recommended,233700,5547605,"Posted: 5 May, 2013",all,ShadowWolf261988,Great Game nuff said! but hey if you dont think soo then note you have no excuse as to not at least try the DEMO
76561197979579922,Not Recommended,233700,9188980,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,TheBradford,"Rogue-like games can be real time-sucks. You get addicted to permadeath. Every time you make it a little bit further is just motiviation to keep playing. This game is very difficult and does all the things rogue-like games should. It's not a bad game, but I can't recommend it because there are just better rogue-likes out there. Nothing pops about this game, it doesn't have a style or spin that distinguishes it. Also, while a good rogue-like does depend on luck to some degree, the luck factor seems to be out of balance with this one. If you don't get some great items early on, you'll spend a couple hours before slowly fizzling out of supplies and dying, no matter how skilled you are. If you are a rogue-like junky, go ahead and play Sword of the Stars: The Pit, but if you're only going to play one or two rogue-likes, I'd suggest Dungeons of Dredmor or FTL."
,Recommended,233700,641002,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Lordbedlam,awesome old school game so addictive
76561197970571810,Recommended,233700,9321328,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,ExHippy,"If you've played Dungeons of Dreadmore then you'll have a basic idea of how this game plays. Basically a sci-fi turn based isometric roguelike. Quite intricate in its application and fun to play there is a robust crafting system as well as a range of stats and skills to manage. Each move or attack takes one ""moment"" and to keep you from just grinding there is a food mechanic where you will starve if you don't keep going and finding more. Not one for the faint of heart as you will die repeatedly and be forced to start from the beginning again and again but if you can live with that then this game is worth the effort."
76561198064850013,Recommended,233700,9326740,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Mark Short,when i fisrt got my steam account this faster than light and team fortress 2 were the first games i got and i wasnt disappointed with this little gem. it is the perfect dungeon crawler with the right balances between damage dealt and recieved and with a great end game goal. i have never reached the bottom of the pit but 60 hours in i still love this game. the items are variant in the extreme and really shows the effort in making the game and all of the classes are specialized nicely. although the marine is fun i almost always choose the engineer. with different skills affecting the likelyhood of opening different types of containers the game creates diversity and a disire to keep going to see what lies ahead. opening a container with a 30% chance of sucsess with make you cry with joy and failing to open a container with a 99% chance gives me a huge laugh. in the fist 10 hour the pit is mysterious and full of surprises. the tutorial covers the basics but leave the specifics out which leaves you first run full of discoveryand exitement. the feature i like most about the game is the message logs. throughout the pit there are consoles that hide messages. if the console can be repaired and hacked then an incripted message will appear. the messages once deciphered with either show you a recipe or tell you some useless information. recipes are scarce as a result and allows the game to retain its sense of discovery everytime you come across a console. ultimately there is little i can say that is bad about the game; allow the features are developed and refined and interconnect nicely to provide a gaming expeirience rare in indie games today. ten dollars ( what i payed ) bought me 60 hours of gameplay and i gaurentee whatever you pay will buy you just as much.
,Recommended,233700,1168900,"Posted: 10 April, 2013",all,[ Rizno . 雨 ],"Sword of the Stars: The Pit is a great roguelike title with plenty of depth and only some minor drawbacks. The Pit features so much randomization and replay value that it becomes quite addictive to continue playing once you're say... 15 minutes through a game. Being a roguelike, there is of course permanent death in this game. You die and it's all over, your score is added to a high-scores board and then you have to start all over again with one of three playable characters. But chances are you won't really care all that much, as beginning a new game doesn't really feel as daunting as you would imagine it to be. This video game is also a very user-friendly title for anyone that may be new to the roguelike genre. If you have ever played and enjoyed Dungeons of Dredmor and fancy a change of setting, consider this to be the sci-fi DoD."
76561198109251981,Recommended,233700,8454662,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Hoofburd,This is a fun game has me coming back for more despite multiple deaths! I can't get enough of it.
76561197979545807,Recommended,233700,8414476,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,bAd dAd,"Bought this because I've always been a fan of rogue-likes and I wasn't disappointed.  Lots of variety and the randomization keeps it fresh.  Highly recommended, I grabbed the gold edition (I snagged it on sale - a great deal.)"
76561197998260175,Recommended,233700,8677574,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Lab,"Currently my favorite ""just one more try"" game to play. Plenty of diffuculty levels for all sorts of players. Psychic dolphins. And—my personal favorite—an in game encyclopedia with everything you've already discovered."
76561198081514945,Recommended,233700,8835513,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,cory.herc,"Arguably my favourite to date from the recent Roguelike revival, The Pit nails a perfect level of difficulty - punishing every lapse and failure, but still leaving you with hope that the next run and the right ace-up-the-sleeve will be the one that takes you to the bottom of the pit.  And of course, it won't be.Even after a successful playthrough (finally!), I'm still finding myself spending hours painstakingly hacking my way through the levels all over again, this time on the next difficulty level, or with a different play-style.  Character classes that seem strangley overpowered at the start suddenly reveal their fatal flaws at inopportune times.  I found out the hard way the sudden vulnerability of a Liir without its moisture suit, which seemed so strong at the beginning, crashing through room after room of monsters, armed to the gills and backed with powerful psionics.  The Pit makes you feel strong and humble in the same breath.  To round out the whole experience, the game boasts a polished but simple old-school visual style, a deeply creative world (with enough backstory to make you curious about more, but not to much as to bog you down in reading), and just enough loot, crafting, and randomization to make opening every locked crate a genuinely exciting experience."
,Recommended,233700,7475446,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Retr0Rob,"If you like yourself some roguelike action, it's kind of hard to go worng with this. While I found the WASD controls a little strange for a top-down turn based game, once I got used to them they became second nature. While the game supports XBox 360 controllers I would recommend avoiding them: weirder than keyboard/mouse. Any who. The graphics are decent 16-bit quality fare, there is plenty of loot and even some crafting going on. I found it to be pretty difficult as the game is a bit stingy with ammunition -- but it gets better as you survive. When it goes on sale it often drops to the $5.00 levle where it is a steal. Recommended."
,Recommended,233700,8480508,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,DarkFall - S5,"A pretty fun Rouge game that can be brutally punishing at times if you do not take your time and think things through. Its random elements keep it fresh and as you progress though each floor it becomes harder and harder to stay alive, and not just from creatures but also from hunger. I would suggest giving the demo a go and if you like it jump right in!"
,Recommended,233700,8481466,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Cronerator,"It's a simple yet still challenging and addictive rogue like game. I like the when I move the enemy moves too concept.The keyword is: ""just one more level!"" :)"
,Recommended,233700,578712,"Posted: 14 April, 2013",all,Captain Ghost,"A rather good rogue-like RPG set in the sci-fi universe. They are adding more free content to help new playthroughs keep interest and grow the setup, helping keep interest. I do hope they add more species at some point."
,Recommended,233700,8549240,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,ZOMBEET,"I love the game, it's addictive...i just recomend playing on mute... XD but other than the horrid voice acting....I love it. I'd give it an 8 out of 10 :D...well worth it!"
,Recommended,233700,4923013,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,KiwiSalad,"Great game. Lots of fun to play, easy to get the hang of too. The gameplay reminds me alot of Lufia, which I think is a plus. If you love dungeon crawlers this is definately something to pick up."
76561198090631050,Recommended,233700,8539000,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,FatalCollision | YouTube.com,"if you love the turn based adventure rogue like, like fallout/fallout2 than you will love sots the pit"
,Recommended,233700,8558121,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Rhekis,"A pretty hilarious game.  Fun little rogue-like - with a warrior, engineer, and scout class.  Wish the level layouts were a little more random but still a lot of fun.  I've made it about half way down on easy and after level 20 is quite challenging, so make sure you prepare yourself on the easier levels!"
76561197972203792,Recommended,233700,8521893,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Gaunt,"Fun game, like Rogue in space"
,Not Recommended,233700,2567233,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,TheSilverHammer,"This is a rouge like game.  It isn't very good and infact, there is a MUCH better game thatis cheaper.  Buy Dungeons of Dreadmore instead.My basic gripe with this game beyond the uninteresting lvels, is the fact that items loose durability fairly fast and your success or failure is heavily dependent upon the random number generator.  I usually find myself resorting to punching things because I am out of ammo and all my melee weapons of broken without finding any repleacements."
76561198014317424,Recommended,233700,8435575,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Ei Kei,"First thing's first, this game is not for everyone.Sure, it's a casual indie, but believe me, it's not as casual as it may seem on first look. Even on easy mode this game eqates to most normal to semi-hard modes in other games, that is, if you're willing to search every nook and cranny of (every) level and see what's in store for you. The old school aroma simply oozes from SotS, as you loot, craft and research, building up your skills while trying to survive at the same time. The only real beef I have with it is that music is scarce, but you can always play something in the background. SotS is achievements galore, and pretty hard to collect as well, which only adds to the classics we all loved because they were so damn difficult and addictive.A brilliant little gem worth investing your time in."
76561198057624415,Recommended,233700,8437523,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Lizard,"Such an amazing game, it is so much fun! I love the adventuring and how the fighting controls work. Great game 10/10 stars"
,Recommended,233700,8643344,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,g1i1ch,"Yeah I recommend the game. But barely. It could be a great game. A really great game. But it lacks depth. Sure there is crafting, but that's about it and you can only really experience the crafting after putting in several hours in a pure grindfest. It's just a blown up casual game. It should stick with iPad."
76561198098787267,Recommended,233700,7262393,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Davestroyer,sword of the stars the pit is a fun rpg with intresting gamplay and difficulty
76561197981099982,Recommended,233700,888133,"Posted: 8 March, 2013",all,SuNin,"Great game.  Lots of discovery, engaging to play.  If you like rogue-likes, you'll like this one.  I hope they plan to keep workign on it.  There are a few annoyances which require some keyboard acrobatics when they could have made the mouse use significantly more useful.  As it stands you have to constantly switch between using your main hand wth the mouse, then the keyboard, then back to the mouse, etc.  That is a small minor gripe when it comes to an otherwise awesome game."
,Recommended,233700,3166484,"Posted: 17 March, 2013",all,TheUnKnOwN,this game deserves leaps and bounds more credit than it does right now.  by far my favorite rogulike i've played.  I dont get tired of all the different ways my life can end in this game.  Feels like an action game but is truly trun based.  It has a good nostalgic vibe to how the leveling and skills work.  the inventory system is amazing as well.  Truly a gem.  Expansions are already planned and the game already has received massive gamechanging updates for the better. 9.5/10 from meupdate-  one of the only rogue-likes to continuously receive content updates years after release....these guys are passionate....
,Recommended,233700,10889428,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Bug,"First off, if you buy this game, I would recommend buying it, and all of the DLCs.Why? Because it's missing a lot of game mechanics that the DLC adds, that should be in the base game before. It's almost kind of a waste to buy this game without buying the game with all of the DLCs.It's a very fun game, especially if you're a fan of arcade like games. Even after you finish one game, there's plenty more to do in the second playthrough. It has much replay content, very fun. I highly recommend (with the DLCs :\ )"
76561198094897578,Recommended,233700,10969580,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,AAA,Nice game but I don't know how to crafting. Someone please help me. I only survive at SUB FLOOR 10 in EASY.
,Recommended,233700,11145208,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Science is for vegans and gaboys,"If you're a fan of the rouge-like genre, then look no further, what you have here is a gem that is not to be missed! For the cheep price of $6:99 USD you can get yourself hours of gameplay! The game is insanly hard but doesn't cop out on the difficulty, every time I died I knew what from and how to avoid it next play through, I was prepaired and ready to strike! There is a little bit of unlockables, such as recipes for items (Which stay with you after death, thank god!) and characters if you choose to buy a DLC, which i would recommend as it extends the games like ten fold! All and all, if you are looking for a rouge-like that stays true to the orgininal meaning of the genre, 'turn-based' action adventure, this is for you!"
,Recommended,233700,359528,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Nandu666,Great game!
,Recommended,233700,106112,"Posted: 18 March, 2013",all,Crux,"If you want a legit, hardcore challenge, buy this game. So far, less than 1% of people that have played this game have beaten it on Normal. This game is not causal. 30 levels of hell. Download the demo and see. Random Number Generator Death."
76561198008601976,Recommended,233700,2515522,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,Hammerhead76,"So simple, yet so fun."
76561198059901088,Recommended,233700,6142529,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,adeemin,Pure genius. I take great plesure in dying at the hands of a drooling slug
,Recommended,233700,9408008,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Mnemophage,"Kerberos Productions keeps making things I like, like this game. It is a good game! It is an excellent, challenging roguelike and a fascinating look into a well-realized sci-fi universe. I loved Sword of the Stars, too, and once I get my jammy-wearing butt to the drugstore and buy a prepaid credit card, I'll probably like Ground Pounders, too.Then I hear about the things that the CEO says, how they treat their employees, customers, reviewers, and basically anyone who doesn't just buy their products and weld their mouths closed, and I kind of wish I had pirated their stuff instead.But you probably shouldn't pirate this game.You should probably give Kerberos money.They are nice people who make nice games.please i just want my son ba"
76561198055092810,Recommended,233700,5781276,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,[f=ma]thermopile,
76561198032858716,Recommended,233700,4150567,"Posted: 13 April, 2013",all,Popquiz,One of the best rogue-like game i ever played!
76561198006836122,Recommended,233700,2402181,"Posted: 17 March, 2013",all,DutchBlak,da shizlemanizzle
,Recommended,233700,4809418,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Irken,"Exelent game! Wonderful gameplay remember me the fallout series, its hard after 7 floor because monstoer become stronger and maybe your weapons start to broke, but its interesting and good, I dont like the luck system to open lockpicks, computers, etc. If you like fallout or survival games this is a good option! 8.2/10!"
76561198071839521,Recommended,233700,6665303,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Tas Kots,funky and hard
,Recommended,233700,15028874,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,vonBork,yes.
76561197985851393,Not Recommended,233700,19677735,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Coldfusion,never got the game to work and cant seem to play .. keeps crashing dont even reach start up screen
,Recommended,233700,2577982,"Posted: 9 March, 2013",all,Ｍｅｌｏｎ　Ｓｏｄａ,A high fidelity sci-fi roguelike. This game is excellent and cheap.
,Recommended,233700,19299378,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Jacquesvsa,GOOD
76561198096205809,Recommended,233700,19432814,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Man From The Internet,"The amount of content this game offers is insane. I'm 60 hours in and I've yet to complete a run, this is a hard game. If you like that' this gem is for you!"
76561198032434105,Recommended,233700,9173223,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Dr Whom,Incredibly fun and challenging. Hours of game play. Story line is hilarious and so is the in game chat. Challenging game play thats so fun it dares you to keep trying to beat it. You will get your money out of this game for sure!
,Recommended,233700,19349552,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,The Mi-Go 13,"Bullet-Point Review- This game is polished, stable, and wonderfully crafted.- Roguelike danger.- Roguelike RNG.- Roguelike leveling.- Previous delves can aid you in later runs.- Sci-Fi theme set in the Sword of the Stars universe.- Turn-based, tactical decions.- Smart, easy-to-understand interface.- Deep crafting system with punishing failure and wonderful rewards.- Smooth, hand-drawn pixel art and fluid animations leaning toward the whimsical side.- 3 classes (11 with expansions) that play VERY differently from each other.- Dozens of skills. Thousands of items. Millions of interractions.- Non combat-based skills that matter in regular game-play. It takes more than dealing damage to succeed. Hacking, decrypting, modding, cooking, crafting, identifying/setting/disarming traps, lock-picking and psi-powers are just afewof the critical mixture at your disposal.- Fun. Just plain fun, rewarding, callenging gameplay. Pick you class, scale the difficulty, cross your fingers and dive in!- I highly recommend this game if you enjoy single-unit, turn-based tactical delves, random loot, crafting, emergent gameplay with unexpected interactions, and a sheet of skills that all seem to be useful.This is a great game. 5/5"
76561198049193553,Recommended,233700,19245007,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,000ϛ pɹolqnɹɔS,bueno
76561198000741328,Recommended,233700,21830034,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,2b7q1,"Great roguelike:- Interesting sci-fi setting- Very replayable- Cool loot- Hard, with a lot of depth"
76561197981810029,Recommended,233700,20193265,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ScareBear,This game has alot of interesting ideas well executed. An interesting mix of real time and turn based combat. Huge crafting system (that I recommend looking into the wiki for). My only complaint is that there's just way too much to be filling up the inventory with that crafting is most often unfeasible.
,Not Recommended,233700,8363353,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mista,"Rogue-like with nice pixelated graphics, set in the Sword of the Stars universe. Very challenging!2/5"
,Recommended,233700,8381280,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,"Pew, pew, Barney McGrew",Its like a mini version of Rogue with graphics updated by 10 years. Well worth the £1.24 if you liked Nethack or Angband.
,Recommended,233700,8281220,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,JoabW,"It looks terrible. It plays like an Amiga game. It has a low(ish) metacritic score.Butholy **** it is one of the most addictive little games I have ever seen. In the sale I have recently bought it for around £1, cheaper than a bottle of coke. But this gem is a game I will not be uninstalling for a long long time."
76561198041936854,Recommended,233700,8354857,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,General Lunacy,"You should buy this, it's fun. Just do it you lemmings."
76561198044824503,Recommended,233700,8368019,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,donkeybong,a rogue like game with 30 levels (Not counting any of the DLC) so far i have put 9 hours into this game and seem to keep coming back. I find it can be good for a casaul players like myself with abilty to save and exit and then pick back up where i left off. it will add more once i have completed the game
76561198027950484,Recommended,233700,3835086,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Pringle,Pretty sweet
76561198077199471,Recommended,233700,6848375,"Posted: 19 April, 2013",all,Valentine_girl,"Variety of fun - try it!Different enemies every time you play, difficulty levels, different classes, recipes to make new and more powerful weapons and equipment and much more (don't want to do too much of a spoiler here) ;)Basically you can always get surprised during in level (and sometimes this surprise could be deadly), which always keeps you on the edge. Sometimes it's better to run and hope you are fast enough - strategy is key, sometimes running is just luring your unsuspecting enemy to your deadly trap!"
,Recommended,233700,29861679,Posted: 11 February,all,joshuA,Ta bueno
,Recommended,233700,33251701,Posted: 4 July,all,HawksHail,"If you have the time and commitment, this game can be amazing."
76561197963406941,Recommended,233700,148728,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,DocSteve,"Has the makings of a great Rouge-like, but takes to much time to get going. Is more annoying than fun."
