user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198038867851,Recommended,233860,14171168,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Rhace,"I remember when I first got this game, back in summer of '13. I had started out with nothing but the clothes on my back, some cash, and a rusty sword.First thing to do was to find some buddies to help, and so I went to the nearest town. In a tavern I met a short bald man (though we were all bald back then). His name was Dirt, and this was my new best friend. Dirt and I did some pretty bad things then, luring guards to get killed by starving bandits, and then stealing all of the gear. This changed when we both got a little close one fight, and got chased by bandits all the way into the entrance of town. There weren't enough men to hold them all back, so I went into a tavern to see if anyone could help. I found a huge man, named Vedi. Vedi was willing to help for a price, and after paying him he went out there with a rusty sword and killed 3 of the bandits before he passed out from blood loss, effectively saving the town.It was the three of us for a good, long time. We killed many a cannibal and a bandit, and soon enough came upon the idea to make our own outpost, a safe haven to keep us secure and resupply when the going got tough. There was a town nearby, so all we had to do was get a few materials here and there and after a week maybe it would be set. By this time all three of us were pretty decked out, myself having a good long coat, Vedi with a huge cleaver, and Dirt with a tricorn hat. Most cannibals were either afraid of us by this point, or dead, there wasn't much worry of our safety by now.We had almost finished the small base, with Vedi and I working on some some construction, so it was Dirt's turn to go get the materials. We had both finished our construction, and so had waited for Dirt to come back. A day had gone by, we were starting to get worried. By noon the next day, Vedi and I had decided to risk it and leave the base, to go see where Dirt had gone. The next town over must surely know where he went?We didn't even make it halfway across when we found him, laying on the ground.His hat and sword weren't far from him, and there were two dead bandits next to him. Incisions and cuts were all across his body, bones broken and blood everywhere. Vedi cried, I stared for a good long time, before getting his hat and sword. I walked to the nearest bandit encampment, which some members looked wounded, and slaughtered them all with Vedi, after he finally caught up.Time has passed since that day, and the small base we had thought of originally is now a bustling town, with nearly eight residents there, all dressed and ready to defend their home. These people are the best I could have asked for, and I still keep the tricorn hat as a symbol of office, with Vedi forgoeing his cleaver for that sword, as his symbol of guard captain. But as much as I love these people, and would die for them, they will never be that man whom Vedi and I came to know as our best friend.R.I.P. Dirt.10/10"
,Recommended,233860,11310285,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Jay,"Kenshi is a game where you start off feeling small, incapable, and alone. From the get go, you are basically a nobody; just another face in the crowd, another cog in the machine, another meatbag for the grinder - but it's not what you are, but what you would rather be, and how you get there that makes this game enjoyable. The journey to the ultimate destination of your own choosing is where the fun lies. Will you be a lone trader, looking to accrue the greatest mountain of wealth the post apocalyptic world has ever seen? Or a wandering swordsman who hides their true strength to dispatch armies with relative ease? Perhaps a general at the head of your own personal body guard? Or the mayor of a little tiny village just beyond the next dune? Regardless of what your goal is, it is exactly that - yours.When I started playing Kenshi, the one thing that first struck me was the graphics. Relatively blocky, and a bit funny to look at in some cases, i.e.: buildings clipping in a sand dune, or walls built at unreasonable angles. But, I don't play a game for graphics; to me that's just a secondary benefit. What I'm after is the gameplay, and what I was in store for really put a smile on my face.My character started out in a small town on top of a mountain range. I could see another down off in the distance, and figured that I'd walk there after exploring this little fortress in the sky. Did I mention that the towns are more like fortresses? I didn't? Well, imagine a town surrounded by walls taller that the highest in-game building, with a group of 20 or so very heavily armed and skilled guards for it's protection. That's what constitutes a town in Kenshi. 'Relative' safety, but I'll get to that in a minute.Heading towards the other town, I noticed that a group of bandits had started charging up the hill at me. I thought, ""A group of bandits? Looks like fun, let's try out the combat!"" and to my astonishment, I was obliterated. Beaten to within an inch of death, bleeding out in the beating sun, unconscious. My stomach had taken massive damage, and one of my arms was pretty much useless. I had been surrounded, beaten up, and left for dead. And my assailants? Took off to raid the town. Luckily, the city guard switfly dispatched them, but I was left on the hill. So, fast forward about half an in-game day, and I limp back to town (of course, I looted those bandits that attacked me and leftthemfor dead; take that!). After patching myself up sufficiently, I take to luring bandits to town to enjoy the fighting with the guards and levelling myself up.Now, speaking of levelling up, skills are sorted into multiple sections: dexterity, strength, the various weapon skills, just to name a few. You gain proficiency by performing the tasks. You get stronger by carrying heavy objects around, not by killing a few rats like some other games, but not like there's anything wrong with them. You develop your character through hard work and dedication. Want to become better at running? Take off your heavy equipment and do a few laps. Don't know how to swing your weapon? Engage a training dummy or another person for all that matters. Even your ability to widthstand pain can be increased. How? By losing. That's right, you are rewarded for losing. Those bandits didn't kill you when they had the chance? Sucks to be them, because now not only are you angry, but you're also more accustomed to the pain. The next time you see them, they may well be on the losing side of the fighting. Kenshi rewards you for survival and practice, much like the saying: whatever doesn't kill you only makes you stronger.So back to my little tale to attempt to capture the game a bit more - After fighting a couple of fights with the city guard as backup, I tried luring a group of bandits back to the town only to my surprise - the guards at the gate weren't there. Either they left on a patrol, or were fighting another battle elsewhere, I had no time to check. The bandits were hot on my tail, and the only chance I had of survival was to either lead them away from town, or take refuge and hope to escape while they killed all the civilians. And in that moment, I saw a few brave men - shop guards - rush from the protection of their walls, and stop the bandits in their tracks. A bandit or two slipped by, and I gave chase. Unfortunately while I spent a good while fighting one, the other slayed an innocent civilian, and I was happy to see that the population count in the town had actually dropped. Protecting the towns actually has an incentive - no population = no trading. The bandits dispatched, the guards returned, and I resigned to head off towards that other town in the distance.Now, as I could see the town, it didn't seem far. Plus, I had enough gold to recruit a new person to my little gang of righteous corpse theives. With some new equipment, a little bit of extra knowledge of how the world works and a new companion, I set out for the town. I travelled for at least two in game days.Two. I saw the sun rise, and set, then rise and set again. Such is the scale of Kenshi - the world is an open sandbox (quite literally at this point - no grass, just sand and rocks), and things that look far off in the distancearefar off. And as I mentioned before, zooming out - I became a speck in the desert. The only that that kept my position known was the damn name tag floating above my head.Kenshi may not be a game for everybody, but if you enjoy a bit of realism, and quite a bit of freedom, it may be worth it. It's still early access, which means that there are quite a lot of glitches, issues, bugs and crashes (I haven't encountered anything severe however), you may want to pass the game until it's more stable and developed decendant comes about. What appeals to me the most is actually two things: one, you are rewarded for winning, and are rewarded for trying. So long as you aren't dead, the game isn't over. It makes for one heck of a story if you keep little notes about what happens to your character when you play. The second thing is the scale and immersion of the game. Beyond the glitches sometimes breaking the immersion, I actually felt like a lone survivor in a desolate world, where people preyed upon the weak, and civilization may take days to reach on foot. Since I just recently bought the game, I can't say much about the developer, except that from reading what their vision is, it really is a grand one and has a lot of potential. Kenshi has lots of potential, but it also has lots of work left to be done. So pass it if you're looking for a more fleshed out game, but definitely get it if anything in this review has a major appeal to you. As for me, I'll be wandering the desert with my small group of companions trying to make a living in a world where death can come from even a small group of ill-trained, ill-equipped people. Afterall, you may know how to fight, but if a knife cuts you, you'll still bleed."
,Recommended,233860,7932808,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,ImperatorTiberius,"Kenshi. Where do I start. It's about how the game feels when you start it for the first time. This is a game in development and somehow I just love it. When it's done, how I interpret it and see it, it is the ultimate RPG game. In a rich and huge (can't underline, but I would) world, filled with cities in biodomes and people, trees, water, dirt... In this world you can become a trader, a looter, a scavanger, but you can also found your own town, find new people for the party (very large parties) and become a power of your own. This sandbox RPG does sound a little too good to be true, but I don't know, it already delivers a lot and I recommend you come and see for yourself. Me and a lot of others are already enjoying Kenshi.I can recommend this game to people who also like traditional RPG's, but also RPG's like Fable for instance (there are characters, they grow, and there are factions, you are one), people who liked building the village in Assassins Creed 3, people who like minecraft (the playthrough is what you make of it), even people who like Settlers or even Age of Empires! I recommend this game basicly to everyone who plays other games then Call of Duty, as long as you can live with early-access situations in which you play a bêta or even alpha of the end result though. But getting it now if you're interested does save you money in the (very) long run.There are factions that all have their own diplomatic stances towards you and eachother, there are bandits raiding unprotected people. You can do whatever you want. So if you want your faction (you are your own faction) to become powerfull, train your party and have an army. If you want to become a trader, train them strong so they can pack a lot of stuff, if you want your own city... start building! The characters do not level up as is tradition, you train each skill by training that skill specifically by doing things that require the skill. Which according to me works.The game is really hard, especially at the start. You start with almost nothing and you have to struggle for survival. I usually start with luring bandits to patrols and towns to get them to fight (and die) to then pick their bodies clean like a damned vulture. Sell their stuff at a merchant, buy new equipment, repeat, get a teammate or two and start to choose a place to settle down.I played the game for the last time at version 0.62 and I have to say: it was an improvement over 0.50. It still feels the same (unpolished, cheap), but with the added notifications of approaching bandits, audio signals when under attack, female characters and at least some means of negociating with bandits I can only say: good work the last few months! Hair looks great, bodies look good, the rack on one of my partymembers is really too big, but looks good (not trying to be a sexist here, pointing out a detail) even beneath armor. I just wish someone would come to my stores to buy my goods, I don't want to walk to towns to sell them anymore ;)I again had a good time, so I'm sticking with the good review.The thing is though that you do have to create your own adventures and the world isn't alive enough yet to fully appreciate this. However, after playing with the same guys for over 30hrs, having built a town, having been in quite some sticky situations... my party did kind of grow on me. With the latest patches I did miss some of the buildings to build, but it was a step forward and I enjoyed myself.Kenshi began for me when I read about it in March 2013 (who knows how long development will take), and read about a game about a man with a sword (the title translates into the swordsman, I believe) in a world. And he can do whatever he wants. The world is still empty, but it's more of a playable techdemo. In the end it will be a beautifull world, the graphics already are worth showing. So I tried it, lost a few hours immediatly. Later I found it again on Steam and decided to buy it.A part of the experience now is that you are able to see a game being developed by a very small team. As I learned through the fora it was being made by one man. Just one man, this sounded like the late 80's and early 90's and I loved it. And by being able to sell this on Steam he made enough money to hire people and it is becoming very nice. The money is really being put to good use!!! I have checked out the roadmap and the website and trust me, this game is good and will be better sooner then I might have expected.Besides this curious development by first one man, I have never seen this much fan-made artwork for any game of this magnitude, and the game hasn't even been finished yet! There already is a lot of content available ingame, some maybe replaced and a lot more will come, but I wouldn't worry about the amount of game you're buying. Especially if you find this game on a sale and you're into sandbox games, I would go for it! I'm not even an RPG fan, but I did go for it and I'm happy I did.Usually with playtesting a game, there is room for feedback. There is no room for that here, the developer is too small to answer. The fora are spread over several locations and the information freely available may be confusing. But the price goes up as it's being patched towards a release candidate so spend the little the game costs now and join the ride. It's going to pick up speed very soon, everything looks promissing. With every patch the game is one step further, and you can actually feel it. There is a demo available on the website of the game, or you can download the torrent (you'll get the demo, nothing illegal herI've seen the development go slowly at first, many patches but all small ones. Then after the steam-release the hiring of people and the patching slowed down a bit. Now there are 6 people working on this game and I'm all psyched again!!! I can't wait to start another playthrough! But I'm waiting for the next patch, it has been due for a while now and they promissed a big one. I will amend this review when I've picked it up again. My last play was in februari and a lot has improved. Also a new gameworld is announced, ingame animals and more. Even though they may still take a while to implement, these implementations would require a amendment to the review as well."
,Recommended,233860,18338158,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Unforgiven,"I just would like to make a few changes to my old review:-So this is my review for Kenshi. I have played 74 hours(57 hours before) and I can say that right now, there is a lot of new content (and old content improved) that really cheered me up to keep playing, such as new races, new mechanics & skils (assassination, martial arts, dodge, swimming), new interactions with factions and creatures, new weapons and some VERY OP BEAKY CREATURES OMG SO BROKEN DKLGIAHOJKRHIDWGCHF. The point of this update in my review is to reinstate that Kenshi is a really good game worth buying, as it moves away from the boring and plain view and tries to be something unique. These updates also prove that Kenshi is alive and going just fine.-Slow development CAN'T be used as a negative trait, because Kenshi producers are not a big company like Ubisoft or EA, in fact they're only 6 ! (here's proofhttp://lofigames.com/about/about-us/)Also, if you think that a game this creative and complex can be easily made, programming is not as easy as you think.TL;DR-If you want to buy Kenshi now: You'll have a lot of well spent hours after you get the hang of it, for that you could look on the game's wiki or/and watch some videos on youtube.-If you want to buy a full game: Wait patiently. They are working really hard and I'm sure that it will have enough content for you in the next updatesOh, I almost forgot, you can download a demo on kenshi's website. I don't know how much content is there, but it's probably enough to convince you into buying (or not)."
,Recommended,233860,4036054,"Posted: 3 May, 2013",all,HaTsUnE_NeKo,"Updated info near bottom of this page.Not many games get this type of attention from me. even in Alpha ( when i wrote this review ) this game is awesome. it has quickly taken over as my favorite game right now besides Civ V, KSP and Planet Explorers.Kenshi will be awesome once its done. wait even not finished its still awesome.two paws up for this game.Edit 2/13/2014Females are in the game at last! New factions, Gameplay, diplomacy, bandit raids, Cannibals or as also known ""Bacon Cultists"" With more coming soon. and a new AI being worked on for those pesky super crashes and pathing issues.The game music is moving an wonderful, first game ever where i did not mute the music while playing the game. or kill sound effects along with it. It adds just the right amount of mood to the game.Why buy the game?Well for one its not like any other game you have played before. its a original and still developing and after each core update it gets better with more items added to expand your gaming experience.A original RTS, sandbox game. If your tired of starting a game where you can go out and kill people in one hit from the start! Then this is your game. It will challenge you, you have to fight to survive, living long enough to train yourself from a nobody whom everyone could beat up, to a legendary Hero or Heroine depending on your Gender. It is not a quick game, there is no ending, It is moddable even in its current state.Why not to buy this game?It is Alpha Stage Development game. If you don't like dealing with bugs, core game play content thats not added yet, then this game is not for you. The game is not complete, so do not buy the game thinking it is. Some bugs (depending on the computer) can render the game unplayable for a short while. If you're still interested in the game, then wait and watch. Come back in a year ( From this rewrite posting  2-13-2014 ) then give it a try. Until then pass it up and leave it on your wish listEdit 6/11/2014Would like to add a useful page to visit for those reading reviews.Useful Information and links For KenshiIncluded is a link to the Demo.A report on the super crash thats in the game. it is being worked on to be corrected, that update should be out in 2 weeks or less ( from when i edited this post ) barring any problems. The prospecting thats now in the game is  very good, with a high science skill you can easily find hotspots to build your bases. no more turtling up in one spot. The NPC squad slider was adjusted down, ( From 4x to 2x ) for everyone put it at max then complained their FPS went to He** double hockey stick.Total time the Dev has said it would take to complete the game. he is shooting for the end of 2014, but its possible it will actually be some time late in 2015. personally i think it will be late 2015 mostly because there is still a lot more to be added. but we will see once the 64bit Conversion and new pathing Engine are added.Edit 12/25/2014Version 0.70.x is now in the beta testing stage before public release. it was released early and full of game killing bugs, which have been ironed out to a point. so should be ready for public release soon.We now have animals, Leviathans, Pack Gar's, Dog things, and beak things.new factions though the actual people in them are not in yet.Prisoner Cages are back in police stations, though been having issues with those.The Memory Leak is gone. though the game is running rather rough at the moment due to it being released too early. but things should smooth out soon and look much better once Directx 11 is added.We still have the 1 biom but that won't change anytime soon.Bandits no longer attack you on sight but now chase after you tossing insults and if you just keep running they eventually stop, leaving you to your own shenanigans.Multi levels to buildings has been added, and looks like the GUI will be redone soon. no more badly fitting text or buttons will be coming with that, plus the squad sizes are supposed to be increased in a couple updates from now.At the time of this edit, v0.70.x is only open to beta testing opt in. so things will change once its released to the general public.General Info.I am one of the Admin for the Kenshi Forums, the other is Gmat.I write this review based on me being a regular gamer like everyone else. I personally think this is a great game and just getting better, but i also know its not for everyone.There is a lot of links and information in the forums, including a link to a Demo ( link added on 6/11/2014 )I can not stress enough to try the demo first before buying.Edit: 6-27-2017Before the game is released i wanted to do a update on my review.Game play. has vastly improved. and i can now be a ninja kung fu kittah ( well not the cat part hehe ). there is more ways to initiate combat. the sneak system has come a long ways. unless you're sneaking against animals, then they usually see you long before you get into range.the actions you can now perform have come a long way from when i first got the game. it feels more alive now. and i'm sure once the diplomacy update comes out with even more lore being added it will really feel like a living world. it sorta does now, but it's unfinished so it does leave a tad bit behind atm.Performance is now way better. for the longest time i would get anywhere from 10 fps to 40 fps on average.  now i'm getting 50 to 60fps and sometimes higher after the newest patch came out ( v0.95.44 )Loading screen seems to take less time now too. plus when importing i used to walk away and come back waiting for it to load everything. that's vastly improved as well now and i'm using mechanical hard drive, not a SSD.some things that still need work.. Pathing for one. gates can still  be a issue. the funky corner placements on your walls. but that's more of a visual problem. but still annoying. the nights are still to light out for me. but we don't have lanterns yet either soo.As time goes on, the problems get better. it's been a long road to get here but so far it's worth it.Kenshi is Still very much a recommended buy in my books."
,Recommended,233860,9597003,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,RougeGunner00,"So after playing Kenshi for about 50 hours with a few playthroughs I thought it would be time to write a review.  Kenshi is mainly a openworld RPG with a bit of base building and strategy, as listed in the tags for the game.  The character customizations go way in depth.  Everything from eyes to hair, to the length of you arms and legs.  I've seen some messed up people on the screenshots and just about laughed myself off my chair.  The fighting is amazing.  It's realistic.  You try taking on a group of raiders 1v7 and you WILL lose if you haven't trained your person to be a great fighter.  You can hire others, or go at it alone.  The amount of things you can do now, is awesome.  Anything from wandering around from city to city or building a home for you and your allies.  Keep in mind, the game is in Early Access so there are plenty of bugs and random glitches.  Things like out of this world rag-doll, people being stuck inside of each other (kinda funny at first, but can be a pain) and raiders spawning inside of your base.  I have a little list I made that I write down everything and with this last update, a few of the things were fixed.  I'm glad to see this game still being worked on and I can't wait to see this game fully built.  I will keep playing this for a long time to come and I'll keep updating the review.As always,  keep on gaming!EDIT:  I forgot to say anything about crashes.  This game does crash with me.  I do also get the ""Super Crash"" every 5 hours or so.  Playing the game for long amounts does trigger this and I hear that a number of things can also cause it to crash.  Save everytime you do something that is major like buliding a town, buying a bit of really good armor, or even when you're on the move.   I also have read a few reviews and I have noticed something.  The game starts you out as a normal person.  You are not all powerful, Dragonborn, The Arison, or somone else who matters.  You start out with almost nothing.  You pick a fight early on, and will be killed.NEWEST EDIT:  I wrote that review at about 50 hours into the game, several months ago.  I figure its time to update it after no having 200+.  The dev have been pushing updates and fixes out at a nice rate. So in other words, this game isn't dead.  A lot has changed since I first played this game.  There's a new race to play as, more starting stories, animals.   The list goes on.  That's the plus side of this new edit.  Downside includes coming across new glitches and crashing games.  Kenshi isn't as stable as it was a few months ago.  In fact, I've had the game crash about 3 times in a little over an hour.  The Devs are working on this, and I'm hopeful for this game and it's future.OVERALL RATING AS OF 1/2/2016Still a good game, with it's problems.  Research the game before you buy, But keep an eye on this one if you don't get it now.   7.5/10"
76561198044187902,Recommended,233860,12603802,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,TigertheLion,"I'm going to state my opinion straight out so you understand where my reviews coming from before reading it... I already love this game. I find it challenging, immersive and immensely satisfying. I can't wait for more content even though I think what's currently there makes it a worthwhile experience for the price tag, any game that can have me put 45 hours in without even realizing it is going to be worth twenty-ish dollars in my book. Also, this game is absolutely not for everyone. That can not be stressed enough, if you don't like struggling in the beginning of a game you probably won't make it very far, it can be tough as nails if you aren't careful and even if you are you'll probably end up suffering through a few coma's in the early section while you're trying to make your character not useless. There, now that that's out of the way let's talk about the actual game.The gameplay is kind of a mix between a diablo-style dungeon crawler and an RTS. Every character has their own stats that can be levelled up through using them, every character can be as strong if not stronger than your starting character. In fact the only real difference between them and your starting character is that you didn't start with them. The movement and combat are fairly basic, there's not much in the form of tactics yet. Other than ganging up on specific units and some limited flanking ability you can't control much more than who attacks who. The path finding can sometimes trip up in the more hectic battles (more on that later) but it is early access and that stuff is being ironed out.The RTS elements shine through a bit more in the base building aspects, you build preset layouts for houses and fill them with various different things like work benches, beds or storage for materials. So far there's farming and resource mining as well as some crafting for weapons, armour and clothing. This will be a lot more balanced when things like hunger get implemented, right now there's not much to point to a farm other than making money and there isn't much to spend the money on other than materials and blueprints for items. You can also build defensive walls with gates and mounted crossbows for defense (and you'll need them, believe me) but these things can trip up the pathfinding again (still more on that later). Considering how unbalanced the economy currently is it still took me a while to get a base I was satisfied with and I enjoyed building it. It's only getting better as well.The world is both great and not so great all at once. I found myself heavily immersed in the world, I love the style and the sense that you're picking through the bones of an advanced civilization that's been long ruined, the atmosphere is just fantastic. The aesthetic is my kind of thing with obvious asian influences and you can really feel isolated and threatened in the early goings until you have a decent squad, then you feel like you're a match for the world and that's a really satisfying moment. However... as much as I love the feeling of the world, sometimes it can feel really empty. Yes, it's a wasteland and it's meant to feel that way, but if that's not your kind of thing it will really turn you off. I feel like the addition of small bandit camps to go along with the roaving bands and some oasis-like areas where more plants grow would really do a lot to help that. There's also some work happening on adding creatures to the world and I think that will do wonders for this particular problem. My bar for a well done isolated setting is set really high to be fair, once you play S.T.A.L.K.E.R: shadows of chernobyl it's hard to settle for anything less. The fact I'm even willing to compare the two is very telling about just how great the atmosphere is here.Now, on to the bugs (disclaimer: I haven't played for a while so some of these may have been fixed since my last session, I'll explain in a bit). You get to hear about the pathfinding which is my main issue. It's kind of broken. It's serviceable for the most part, they can manage to traverse long distances and only rarely do they get stuck, however they still get stuck and that's pretty annoying. I use the ""bodyguard"" command to make sure my squad moves at the same speed (an option to just make them do that would be nice) but the pathfinding for that is far worse than the regular stuff, they match speed and stay at the same relative position to the character they're guarding and don't realize if they're about to walk into a wall, this is where they most often get stuck because for some strange reason edges like to grab hold of characters and they get stuck in the ground. Also, I've never had them defend anything while under the bodyguard command. Frequent quick-saves make this a mild irritation at worst and if you ever get really stuck and haven't saved for a while there's an option in the menu to pick up and drop all your characters on the center of your camera to unstick them, but it's still a bug and it needs to be mentioned. The other issues with it are also minor, in a big fight sometimes units can get confused about what they should do and end up standing around with their finger in their nose while their buddy is fighting three bad guys at once but they eventually get it together. The last issue I have is that closing the gates breaks the pathfinding when your units are outside, if you close the gate no matter how far away they are or where you tell them to move they will turn around about half the time and walk back to the gate to maually open it. It can be really frustrating but the only time you need the gate closed is when bandits are attacking and they give you advance warning so it can be pretty easily circumvented.Aside from the pathfinding there's an odd (yet hilarious) bug with picking up and putting down characters, if you do it on the ground they pop up into the sky and get sent flying. They only stop if they hit a mountain or you use taht un-sticking method I previously mentioned. Again, it's just a minor annoyance and it doesn't happen if you put them in a bed or jail cell which is where you should be taking them anyway, but if you get attacked you can't put down whoever you're carrying and you run the risk of getting knocked out yourself.This is less a bug and more of a flaw with the system itself, and it's also the main reason I haven't played in a while. There's a serious memory issue, the game runs on a 32-bit engine and it doesn't have a high enough memory limit for extended play. I'm not sure if everyone has this problem but I can only play for about ten minutes at a time now, it's progressively gotten worse the bigger my base got and the more people I had control of. It used to take a number of hours to crash on me. This could be my fault, I haven't exhausted every troubleshooting option yet, but all the same it's an issue that needs to be addressed. There's also talk of transferring to a 64-bit system which would probably eliminate the issue, but as of my last play session it wasn't implemented and I can only talk about my experience.TL;DR, this game is an extremely rewarding and challenging experience if you're willing to stick through it and are a fan of post-apocalyptic worlds or deserts in general. If not, there's very little in it for you. The early game is pretty slow and it relies on you enjoying the world around you more than the gameplay, afterwards they both work together and that's when the game shines. If you can't handle crashes or potenitally broken AI then hold off on your purchase but definitely keep an eye on this, when all the issues are ironed out this game will be phenomenal. If you don't mind crashes or other early access problems then this game is worth the money as-is and will only get better with time."
,Recommended,233860,7769380,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Ayuno,"If you wanted to be a samurai or something else, kenshi is your thing. You can create your own story, manage your squad, build your city and so fort. Kenshi is an open world sandbox game the map/world will grow with next updates but even now, it's still ""big"". It's of course currently in alpha stage so you have to wait for updates but, you can still enjoy the whole game until it's grow up. There are people with over 700+ hours gameplay currently so you can spend many times in it.I highly recommend this game those who also enjoyed games like Mount&Blade. But you should consider it's still alpha and there are bugs in this game. And please watch some gameplay videos before so you can see how is it."
,Recommended,233860,6347812,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,boomshticky,"edit: this review is very out of dateBought this during the summer sale not really knowing what to expect and was totally taken by surprise. Even though the game is in an Alpha state, it feels very well put together with features such as mining, farming, and research. It took me a couple hours to get the basics down, and a couple more to get over the fact that my puny characters could be bested by even the lowliest bandit, but one I got a feel for the gameplay I haven't looked back. Definitely one of the more interesting games I have played in a while. It was developed by ONE dude. That is damn impressive.Some tips for starters:- Research mining before farming (trust me, mining pays for itself)- Make sure you have a guy or two living in town in case your group gets ambushed and overwhelmed.- Lead bandits to a city, let guards kill bandits, loot corpses, profit"
76561198132628085,Recommended,233860,22448796,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Dribbling_Monkey,"This is the game I’ve been looking for!The following is coming from a total noob, that hasn’t researched the game whatsoever. This is 5 hours of gameplay.Day 1. I create a female wanderer, and I run around town, in and out of buildings looking for something to do. (20 minutes later I’m thinking, what’s the point in this?)Day 2. It’s time to leave this town, and venture out across the wasteland, this town sucks. I travel at night, with 900 credits (cats) and a loaf of dry bread, and bare feet. I decide to erect a small shack in the desert, and after doing so, I realise I’ve build a useless unfinished concrete structure, with steel reinforcing jutting out all over the place. I move on towards the next town, leaving the unfinished building to ruin.Day 3. I arrive early morning to a group of people killing dogs, just outside the town’s entrance. I avoid the people, and try looting a dog’s corpse. I get nothing. Once again, I move from building to building, finding nothing other than a few people offering their services for 700 cats. I decide to hang onto my 900 for now. I find a dummy in one building and decide to hit it, soon realising this is the way to raise my attack points. I do this until I’m at level 5.Day 4. I’m a hard♥♥♥♥♥ now I’m level 5. It’s time to venture out into the wilderness again to kick a group of dude’s brains in! I run out into the desert and soon see a gang in the distance. They spot me and shout “get the prick”. I decide to run instead. They’re faster than me, and soon catch up. They kick my♥♥♥♥♥bad. Breaking my left leg, stabbing me in the stomach and putting me in a coma, they leave me for dead face down in the sand, in my underwear.Day 5. Is spent in a comaDay 6. I drag my broken leg, limping back to the town.Day 7. I can’t do this alone, and decided to spend 700 cats on hiring a girl in the local bar, to join me. She heals me, but I’m still limping bad, so I find a bed nearby and pay 100 cats to bed down for a while and heal.Day 8. An outside gang try entering the town, and the fighting kicks off! I’m recovering in bed, but the girl runs outside, looting as many corpses as possible. She puts some of the armour on, gets instantly attacked and hobbles to the bed next to me, to recover.Day 8. The fighting is still going on outside, and it’s escalated into gang warfare. Both fully recovered, we ditch the gangs’ outfits (so we don’t get our heads kicked in again!) and begin looting and selling. We decide to hire another member to our gang, and turn him into a tank of a man, (with a hunchback). Together we loot every corpse and finally raise around 15k cats.Day 9. After some serious dummy training and some more members, it’ll be time to head out of this town again, and back to the shack I began on day 1. We’ll try and get the building completed with a working generator, build a few mines and see what happens next.To summarise:Yeah it’s in development still, and it’s got bugs, but it’s totally playable and worth every penny.The developers seem to working hard on updates and deserve  support & money on this great little gem."
76561198031550610,Not Recommended,233860,7906287,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Extrasmooth,"I wish I hadn't spent $20 on this. Months ago, before I uninstalled this game, the developer was only putting out new content patches instead of fixing bugs which have been present since I purchased the game in Jan. 2013 (according to the forums there's still pathing problems with buildings, it's not getting fixed any time soon). Dare to bring this up in the forums, or any other criticizm for that matter, and a legion of fanboys will troll and drown your complaints out regardless of how you present them. The excuse that the game is in the alpha stage is used quite liberally, as these bugs go unaddressed most updates. And even when bugs are addressed the game developer takes a tone announcing it as though it's a waste of his time and he doesn't really want to do it. In fact, the new content and features updates seem to compound bugs which go unaddressed.I could maybe forgive this, if  the game were entertaining. But it's not, it's just miserably tedious and boring. The combat is slow and pointless, as you watch twenty men surround one for each to take turns swinging one weapon at a time at the target. Once you tire of that, spend hours on end standing around, researching new technologies to craft buildings and weapons and armor and other stuff all to... go out and watch twenty men surround one for each to take turns swining one weapon at a time.I highly recommend this game - to be removed and for everyone who purchased it to get a refund.Side Note:Oh, and the forum moderator is either a paid troll for the game developer or a rabid dweeb trying to get in on the ground floor of what he percieves to be another game sensation like WoW. Either way, eventually anyone who speaks ill of the game gets their thread locked and buried. To me, that's the most frustrating part of the game; you can't even bring up a reasonable grievance against it, let alone warn others away. I hope this review gets around that hurdle."
,Recommended,233860,20102987,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,MidnightCoffee,"This game is in Early Access.  It is NOT finished.  Anything I say may, and most likely will, be changed as development continues.MANY OF THE BUGS I LISTED WITHIN THE CONS HAVE BEEN PATCHED.  DO NOT LET THE ONES I LISTED RUIN THIS GAME FOR YOU, THEY TEND TO BE QUITE RARE.  EVEN WITH THEM THIS GAME IS STILL AN AMAZING EXPERIENCE AND WAS VERY ENJOYABLE.*TL;DR at the bottom of this review*Kenshi.  This game is brutal.  I seriously had more moments in this game where I wanted to yell at it for being so goddamn hard, yet if you look on my profile it's currently marked as my favorite game.  The reasoning behind that is simple, this game offers 0 in the way of hand holding.  If you want a good, long, tutorial that explains every single detail to you in a nice format then Kenshi is not your game.  Wiki?  Don't bother, honestly it kinda ruins the fun of this game.  Kenshi is one of the few games where I can say that I never watched a single tutorial, and yet I felt like by 40 hours I knew some pretty advance things in the way of base building and combat tatics.  This game will suck you in, it'll FORCE you to learn the game.  You'll change your tatics, your starting locations, your ordering in what you need, the way you simply play the game will evolve as you learn, as the game makes you learn.  I loved it.  Every second of it.  Even when I wanted to scream at my computer, I still couldn't help but love this game for what it is.  With that said, pro's and con's time.Pros- The devs care.  If you EVER run into an issue within the game, you can post in the discussions and I bet you $100 that atleast one of the admins or mods will respond.- Many different playstyles.  This game can be an RTS, a squad based rp, a city builder, it can be so, so much.- Landscape is amazing, and the next update will overhaul this.  The biomes, textures, and pretty much everything about the look of this game is pretty amazing.- Combat system is nice, isn't perfect, but it's very nice none the less.- Medical system is also really cool.  Got hit in the leg?  You're limping your way back to town now, bud.- Base building is some of the best i've seen.  The job system and resouce refining is overall very good for its current state.  It has some issues, but that'll be seen in the cons.- Trading system is simple and works, though I found a few exploits- Farming system is simple but very effective, some bugs will be disscussed in cons- Factions are pretty diverse in armor, items, etc.  Cannibals are really fun, some issues with factions in the cons.- Smithing and crafting are really simple but work pretty well.  Could be more complex or diffucult, but it's still fun.- Training system, once again, very simple.  Not much could be improved here, it works very well and theres not a whole bunch you can do to change it.Cons- Medical system is lacking.  It's way more simple than I think it should be.- Combat can get boring very quickly as it's more stat based than anything else.- There are items within the game that are simply better than any other item.  I remember at one point samuri armor or whatever it was called was simply the best you could get.  For me this kinda ruined the feel of being able to have so many different build paths, each to their own.  Be super slow but super tanky, be super fast with TONS of damage, but super squishy, etc.- Floating trees, enemies not spawning, falling through world.  These are somewhat rare bugs, but they do happen.  Remember, it's an early access game.- Combat system is buggy in some cases.  Weapons can hit or miss when they don't appear they did, sometimes your character appears to have his/her weapon equiped but...doesn't use it?... It's like the models there but the hitboxes arn't?  Wierd.- Base building.  99% of my bugs are here. I'll be making a list for this one.1.- Sometimes you can place a wall down, and even though it allowed you to place it your units simply cannot reach it to build.2.- There was an old bug where building the tier 3 walls would crash you game if you placed many of them at once.3.- Some gates, when placed, would never lock/unlock.  You could never open them or close them.4.- Some buildings can be built on slight hills, and yet it'll let you build it while your units cannot get into them5.- Some buildings, once built, would be unable to open or go up the stairs.THERE ARE MANY BUGS, I AM SIMPLY LISTING THE MAJOR ONES THAT KINDA RUINED THE GAME FOR ME DURING BASE BUILDING.  REMEMBER, MOST OF THE GAMEBREAKING BUGS ARE RARE AND WILL MOST LIKELY ONLY HAPPEN TO YOU ONCE OR TWICE, NOTHING A QUICK LOAD BACK TO A CHECKPOINT FROM 5 MINUTES AGO WON'T FIX.TL;DRThis game is great.  It's hard as steel to learn, but amazingly fun once you do.  You will not suceed on your first try, nor your second or third.  It'll take time, but once you do it is AMAZING.  I reccommend this game to anyone who is willing to put up with a few bugs for an RTS, Squad-based RP, City Builder game, all meshed into one.For an Early Access game, I would recommend you pick it up.  You will not be dissappointed."
76561198042801499,Recommended,233860,21957616,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,1C EC R3 4M,">Make a trader>Eventually muster a group of 11>Build small settlement consisting of mines, and a saloon>Sell rum out of the saloon>Wow this is fun>Nothing except a few bandit raids for a while>Another day, another dollar>Back in the saloon>See group over the horizon>CANNIBALS>Raid my camp, murder 2 and seize the rest as prisoners>♥♥♥♥ me right>Carries us to camp for lunch.>Cries10/10 would be eaten again."
,Recommended,233860,12567591,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,iyrsiiea,"My First Two Days in Kenshi:Whelp, this sucks. I'm in the middle of nowhere with a broken arm, a stick and no clothes. I don't remember much except that my name's Numura, I'm in a bad predicament and that predicament is due to some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ named Teuchi. Well, what's a girl to do in this situation?I really, really want to find some sort of civiliation, hell even a simple shelter, but there's nothing for miles...Oh are those people off in the distance? Maybe they can he- oh. Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ They don't look friendly. Time to run around blindly like a headless chicken trying to avoid three groups of bandits.Oh hell, one of them spotted me! Run!Hey, who're those guys fighting down there? Whatever, maybe I can lose my persuers in the chaos of the fight....aaand the bandits are all dead. Let me just look through their stuff.... oh hey, a shirt! And pants! And *shoes*! Yes!Wait, those other guys aren't attacking me? Huh, Holy Nation, hm? Seem like nice people. I'll follow you guys around for now.Wow, you guys mean business, just up and murdering any bandit you find! Can we be friends? Oh, you only care about bounties? Well fine, Mr. Stick Up Your♥♥♥♥♥ I didn't want to talk and hang out and tell jokes anyways! Jerk.Oh hey, there's another group of people over there. And they're not bandits! Awesome. Hey, Holy warriors dudes, it's been fun but I really want to find a bed and maybe a shop, and these guys are trader so... bye!Aaaaaand trading post ahoy! Time for sleeping and buying and- whatddya mean I don't have enough money for that armored hat?! Damned traders..."
76561198043549093,Recommended,233860,22177182,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,malevolusnox,"At its best an amazing game that's only gotten better with each update.At its worst it's hard, ugly and if you're stupid it will beat you until you cry.But if you're smart? And maybe a little bit creative... you'll not only survive, you'll thrive.Kudos to the designers, they could have upped sticks a long time ago through all the difficulty and bugs but nope. They stuck at. Kenshi really has come a long way and I can't wait to see what's yet to come."
,Recommended,233860,15435352,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Zoey,"To counter the negetive reviews.Most large companies don't even attempt to make a game such as this because it takes a lot of money and time to develop. Now remember this isn't a large company with 1000 people that own 10 studios around the world. Time is essential to fix bugs and add new content to an open world sandbox so many things can break.  Just sit back and wait for the updates to get released, The wait for this amazing game to be completed is well worth it!I give Lo-Fi Games massive credit for this game,Keep going."
,Not Recommended,233860,15198201,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,MIKA,"UPDATE:I did not realize this review would get so many votes. This review as of now is quite outdated, but I have not redownloaded this game to test the new contents. The devs seem to be updating the game quite frequently, so take it as you will.HOWEVER, DO KEEP IN MIND THIS GAME WAS INITIALLY RELEASED ON EARLY ACCESS OUTSIDE OF STEAM ONSEPTEMBER 2009. This game does not play like an old school RPG game that was made in 2015. It feels like a 2009 game with some graphical updates. You will probably never see this game released in your lifetime. At least, not with the complete functionalities that were promised.-----------------I can't believe how many positive reviews there are for this game. Yes, the game has potential. Yes, the game is in alpha, and therefore can be judged based on the potential, but this is a game that has been in development for an incredibly long amount of time without significant updates.I even retried the game today to see if there were updates added. Sure, the game is an open world, but there is still not much to do in the game. Dialogues are sparse and uselss at best, Combat is clunky, the UI is horrendous, pathing is bizarre and unexpected. Even building a city and grabbing a squad of your own feels tedious rather than fun. Character models are ugly, and though the devs are going to be coming out with a new GUI soon according to their announcements, it does not appear to be a significant upgrade from the current system. Landscapes and cities look great at times, but not enough to actually immerse you into the game.The game itself is challenging, but not in a particularly fun way. Yes, everyone is stronger than you, yes, the game makes you work your way up in the game, but by the time you do, you've inevitably lost interest in the game, or it has crashed on you about a dozen times. It's a game that I really want to like as I enjoy open-world, sandbox RPGs, but there is simply nothing to do other than wander around, get pummeled, wait to be rescued or recover, and repeat process.Avoid this game until it leaves Early Access, if it ever leaves early access. The game does have a strong (almost fanatic) fan-base, and the devs do listen to their fans, but the development is so slow, it makes almost no difference whether they do or not. And most negative reviews, whether warranted or not, will get torn apart by this crazed fan base."
,Recommended,233860,15593049,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,HortyWeavil,"Kenshi is a game of overcoming failure. Mainly, failure that you seek out; in the game I am presently playing, my group has been destroyed and left for dead bar one lone survivor. Not bad for fighting over one hundred battles. Unlike most grinders, losing makes the character better. Each blow suffered, each failed defense helps each character grow stronger. On the same hand, each use of an attack does the same for one’s melee attack. Strength requires either using a heavier weapon in combat, or dragging heavy gear and materials across the sandy wastelands to become stronger.My character started out with a group, fed up with stifled city life and taxes. We gathered together to head out and found our own homes and lives. After days of preparing our small mining camp, the group is capable of carrying out a full scale mining company, selling goods and creating a faction to be reckoned with. The grind is rewarding, since the humble beginning of this rag tag group.All of this is earned through hours, upon hours of grinding. Kenshi is not a game for the light of heart; the grinding will try your patience, and the music, while atmospheric, is ambient and tends to get grating after a while. Blood will spill. Arms will be broken. The crafting system, powered by choice of end product and the speed of production depends on the skill of the creator. Quality has no bearing on the skill, thankfully, considering the hours necessary to craft simple weapons and armor.There are presently only five styles of attack available to train in as well as craft. Hackers, Cleavers, heavy weapons, and a variety of katana, and wakizashi. Thankfully, this is all mitigated, in part, by a speed up function that speeds up the world to further reduce real crafting time.Enemies in the current version are made up of Starving Bandits, Dust Bandits, Sand Ninja, and Cannibals. You will end up fighting these enemies over and over, until your skills are good enough to defend yourself and your allies. Depending on start, the other notable factions (United Cities Samurai, Mercenaries, and Holy Nation) will be your enemies as well, presenting a higher difficulty for your characters as they are highly armed and dangerous.The wound system is one of survival, with the game tracking wounds to different parts of the body. Head, stomach or chest area, are required to stay conscious . The other limbs if injured come in the form of inability to use the limb or slowed movement, which may make fleeing difficult. Kenshi is unforgiving in this respect.Base creation is RTS style, requiring building materials, time, and a builder. The overall process is the same as weapon and item crafting, with a number of buildings available for crafting or research.The game’s research and science is also time based; Purchasing blueprints is a matter of heading to stores that sell similar products. Researching requires leaving a team member behind a workshop table to learn new construction.Now, considering the game is in alpha, it’s unsurprising that the models start off simple. With recent updates you are given the ability to manipulate and change the character’s features, with the ability to manipulate even height and weight. This all comes with a warning; at present, many of the combat animations do not work with some of the more extreme body shapes, with super small or super tall, or super wide characters having difficulty meshing with the animations. This presents mostly when using female models, which were recently added.Graphics are the other issue; the game’s atmosphere is post apocalyptic, this makes the the surrounding environments tame continuous desert. The occasional greenery pops up now and then helping to bring some colour.There have been many updates since Kenshi was released an Early Access Game, with changes and updates coming roughly every month or so. With new updates come new clothing, changes to models, landscape changes and many more. Game saves are not compatible between versions; however, there is an option to Import characters from earlier saves.There are also quite a number of bugs, mostly to do with path-finding and other commands. As this is an alpha, expect to see them.SO WE COME TO THE ENDAfter unfathomable hours of game play, Kenshi drawn me back again and again to it’s blood soaked desert. The game offers an huge amount of freedom. It’s a game of growing numbers and seeing their impact in a world that is filled with danger. It is a game that is hard to get into but once you have the basics say goodbye to real life. It thrives off of swift and brutal combat with only the best surviving to the end, and the weak being cut down dead; the lucky laying unconscious. It is unforgiving, and at the same time, for those who are willing to put in the time, rewarding.It is a vicious and simple game, that has a full save/loading system. The grind is punishing; enemies constantly challenge you to grow and adapt, to survive, and eventually conquer those around you. Yet it is just lenient enough for your characters to survive.The game is still in development and is missing many features. Expect crashes and bugs at this stage. But remember in development games receive regular ongoing updates and improvements, by purchasing at an early stage you get the game for a reduced price and can watch it gradually grow and improve!"
,Recommended,233860,12372439,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,captainspikester,"So, this is probably going to be one of my favourite games of all time.Despite the game being not having half the features that are planned for it, I'm hooked, because what it does contain is fantastic, and the potential of it excites me beyond belief.Quality:As it is currently, there are some minor annoyances bug/glitch wise (I.e wall/gate placement in base building, items dissapearing when dropped, and people being launched into the sky when put down) but with a pinch of salt and frequent quick-saving, it's nothing that will spoil your experience and the game is very playable as it is.Value: (I paid £12.99)For your money, you get to support the development of a game that will hopefully set the standard for future RPG's, as well as many, many, hours of what is currently very enjoyable Alpha gameplay. And if you're like me, and are really excited about where this game is going, you get to feverishly await the addition of future content!I've clocked just over 60 hours on this playthrough and feel like I've more-or-less plumbed the depths of it by exploring most of the map, filling up my sqaud with people, doing 99% of the research and getting my main guys to be pretty good at what they do. However I could probably wring another 10-15 hours out of this playthrough easily, and the game has the potential to be infinitely replayable. I'd happily start over right now.Brief Overview:Until you can build your first outpost, you'll spend most of your time roaming around a vast and empty desert. I s**t you not. But trust me, you'll love it, because it's so atmospheric. Also, you will be very, very, very, cautious, hopping between the safety of city walls until you can toughen your guy(s) up. or you WILL get destroyed by ne'er-do-wells in the desert.The thing I love most about Kenshi, is that it doesn't need quests or missions (although these may be implemented later), because it's an epic story that tells itself, and you make it up as you go along and become immersed in the story that you create.Conclusion:If you love RPG's, katanas, epic journeys, and immersive, open-ended, gameplay, then Kenshi is a no-brainer. The vast amount of potential this game has is a bonus. I wish all Early Access titles were this promising.For a forcast of Kenshi's future development, check out this handy-dandy Roadmap:http://www.lofigames.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=295:roadmap&Itemid=71"
76561198016958743,Recommended,233860,8752817,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Dezzo,"Although it's not finished Kenshi is a unique and interesting game which offers quite a challenge and requires players to really think about what they do and don't purchase, where to start your own outpost, what to build, and whether to run from a group of bandits (9 times out of 10) or stay and fight with a chance of walking away with some valuable loot.Kenshi does have its fair share of bugs, multiple times i have found my soldiers merging and teleporting from one point in my outpost to another, and having men on both sides freeze during combat, these usually sort themselves out in the end.Overall i believe Kenshi is a great game for all people to pick up and waste time with, just don't be surprised when a massive bandit group just waltzes into your shack and slaughters everyone."
76561198135598062,Recommended,233860,15421727,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Shonyea,">Get kenshi>Start off in a barren desert with a broken arm, pants and a stick>Get ravaged by bandits, ninjas and cannibals over and over again>Lead them to city guards over and over again>Earn enough to hire some pals to take to fight to them>Get ravaged by bandits, ninjas and cannibals over and over again>Build a sweet fortress hidden in the mountains, get a forge going and craft new gear for my boys>Take the fight to the cannibals>They out number us 420 to 1>7 of us get captured and locked up for consumption>Me and 3 others escape>On the retreat back to base get ambushed by sand ninjas>Ohshit.jpg>Die>Turn off kenshi and be sad>Turn kenshi back on and play again"
,Recommended,233860,22873723,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Ownizuka,"Whatever ""it"" is...this game has it: the ""it"" that I've all but given up looking for the past 15+ years. I originally bought this game purely on the basis of a vaguely promised potential stemmed from the fact that a single person had so fully and passionately invested in her/his singular dream. I admired that and felt it was worth my acknowledgement as a born-and-raised gamer-at-heart.Admittedly, I was not impressed at first.  It was bare on all levels. Yet, I felt something; something trying to be realized; a seed trying to find ground. So, I let it be without judgement.For whatever reason the cosmos deem fit to define, I recently felt it was time to test the presumably deeper waters that have been forged since I first endulged to witness the extent of that ""something"" that had or had not been realized.Much to my not-so-dubious pleasure, my hope was revived to spark another true flame of that ""it"" I've so patiently searched for. Granted, I found it beneath hours upon hours of fumbling and keyboard-shattering crashes; but, honestly, at this point, the game's faults have become part of its charm. Which is really what adds that extra spice to give it that ""it"" flavor.Despite all of its admittedly glaring short-falls, it prevails with the potential for which it strives. Like every truly meaningful vision, its success is in its unrelenting ambition. And it only reveals this to you if you are willing to see it; willing to want it; willing to give it more than a glance of your attention. If you are, and if you do, this game will abide.It defies the shallow, heartless, financially-infused delusion that is the instant-gratification platform of gaming today.It is an uncut, unpollished, diamond-in-the-rough, poised to rise beyond one's incredulity into the veritable heart of imagination that so desperately seeks that ellusive sense of perpetual satisfaction afforded only by the so-called immersive gaming.No doubt, it is not for everyone. It is only for those willing to see what it wants to be; willing to see where it is headed and how far it has come at the hands of someone who seems to truly understand, if only on some unintelligible level of consciousness, what is starving the hearts of the angst-filled cynics that are today's gaming community.TL;DR : This game is for those who appreciate gaming as a form of art. It is indeed a work in progress; but a glorious one. In my opinion, it is worth the purchase on merit alone. The more people willing to see the potential, the greater the potential that will ultimately be realized. I am a believer.Are you?Either way, happy gaming."
,Recommended,233860,22798136,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,-CMTV- Redwarp,"This game... I don't know if it will ever be finished but it is soooo addictive. It's my dream game for so many things. I always wanted a game where your character would evolve and xp according to his actions. Fable had that promise but it was fake. Morrowind and the elder scrolls saga pretended to be that but it was fake as well (still these level and point attribution thingy)Here, getting hurt makes you stronger. Literally.Being overburdened will develop your muscle, but will you make you run slower, and running faster can mean survival.Don't know how to describe this game properly, but there is so much potential here... I play several hours every 6 month, to see what is new and everything, and always get sucked back in."
,Recommended,233860,17254015,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Riff T55,"This game is a beauty.GAMEPLAY :The default start is a RPG with the classic inventory and stats (old-fashioned stats).But with some time, you end up getting ingame currency and you can recruit a new character, which also has its own inventory and stats.By the time you get to understand the game, you can end up with 50+ characters (form up diferent squads), and then it can become an RTS kinda game. Yes, you can build stuff, and all the cities you will see in the game, you are able to create by yourself. You can prospect the land to see if it is good to grow stuff, make bread, and open a baker shop; or if it's better to mine, make a weaponsmith and open an armory.Each character can be an Engineer, Merchant, Medic, Swordsman, Gunman (turrets and Xbows) etc.....There are mutiple factions which have unique laws and goals in the world. Of course, it is a dynamic world, and if you place your city well enough, you will get more and more travelers stopping by, renting beds or buying stuff; or you can get known by the closest bandits faction and they will start bullying you to pay taxes.To wrap it up, this game is absolutely incredible for the possibilities you get.BUT, it is not for everyone.Actually, the guy (GENIUS) behind this game wanted to create a game where you are not special. You ain't the last dragonborn, nor a mighty knight that will demolish every ennemies. You are a simple wanderer, so at the beginning of the game, literally ANYONE can kill you.+ the health system is very complex. Each part of your body has a healthbar, which affects your total blood bar.Obviously, if you suffer heavy injuries, your character will go to Coma state, and eventually die.. forever (permadeath).So again, it is for gamers that are looking for challenge. I myself was quite horrified by this game at the beginning, but now I understand most of its content, I can make really decent games where I am able to create an outpost with a production and shops, and a little army to defend myself.Finally, this game is in alpha state. It is a project that is made by one person to begin with, but now it is a team.It has a slow progress, but has never been abandonned. Plus the price is really fair.Recently they worked with amazing musicians that play crazy instruments to make a unique and amazing OST,And the game is getting a major update soon enough since the map will  change for a randomly generated map with diferent biomes and wildlife.Sorry if this comment is too long, but I almost never comment games, and this one really deserved my thumbs up.18/10."
76561198028007903,Recommended,233860,10399821,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,FlyingLawnChair,"As many people have stated there are plenty of bugs and the development is incredibly slow.  I still love this game.  I have, I think, 110 hours of playtime and a majority of that is on one playthrough.  The combination of survival, builiding, combat, squad play, and an intricate stat system keeps me coming back (even if a lot of that list doesn't work properly).  If this game is ever completed, it will be one of those games that sticks around my library forever."
76561198031018544,Recommended,233860,15710297,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Korgoth,"-Started a new game... got owned.-Started a new game and found a group of guards to help... got owned again.-Started a new game and was a finally able to get a decent set of armor and a sword... didn't matter, got owned again. Plus the jerk took my stuff after I took it off a perfectly dead body myself! Could have waited until a bleed out at least...Buy the game and get some revenge for me because I'm having trouble doing it myself. Plus I'm sick of all these bandit bosses and Sand Ninjas walking around the desert like they own the place. One day, they'll pay... one day all of them will pay.Edit 1: Still a great game and still getting owned. Maybe I just sucked at this game?Edit 2: Now the Sand Ninjas mophered into these beaked monsters! It never ends! I miss the old game when it was much easier.... just kidding, this game hurts so good!"
,Recommended,233860,15386313,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Myotirious Latine,"Actual Review Down Below!Update 5/25/2015I got sidetracked with lots of review, the preview is gonna wait till i get that performance patch they were saying.Update 5/17/2015 Experimental UpdateHo boy this is.... this is awesome! The old GUI is gone and for the first time ever it looks neat! holy crap. holy holy crap. You should have seen the character creation menu. It looks so clean! And gosh from the last time i played this the game looks a bit better now. I did freeze up here and there but it is the experimental build after all. Will update once i actually starts killing sand ninja.Game DetailName: KenshiDeveloper: Lo- Fi GamesGenre: RPG, Simulation, Trading, Strategy, Squad ManagementKENSHI*Sigh*. I'll be straight with you, this game once consume me for a while. Therefor when I was chosen to do a review on KENSHI, i was rather taken aback and did everything i could to avoid doing it. But the time has come. And now i ask you the question, do you know what is KENSHI?Most likely not, it's not a mainstream game nor a very well known indie for that one but those people who had the chance to try it will usually exclaim that it is better than most of the RPG on the maker and yet here i must make my statement regarding this game: It's not for everyone. Certainly not for me after i tried it.Ok so what is KENSHI?RPG game, with a dash of realism. That is to say it is still in early access and i had tried years ago the alpha build before it went on steam and i have to say improvements have been made after all this years. It's an eastern style RPG set in a apocalyptic world where sands rule the land and law and order are determined by might with roaming bands of brigands out for your blood everywhere you go.It's a very atmospheric world. You can be beset by cannibals, saved by the Holy Empire Patrol, loot dead bodies and equip yourself and after months of training and war you started killing settlements. The tables have turn.And that my dear reader is what KENSHI embodies, symbolizes and make you experience. You are a human being, in a world where other people are often times better than you. You will bleed in the middle of the desert before using your last medkit to bandage your arm and hobble slowly back to the city. At the end of the day, life goes on.Why the bravado?Simply because reviewing this game is subjectively hard. That and because i liked it. On with the review i suppose. Many parts of KENSHI will be miss however simply due to the scope.GameplayYou can choose to start with several preset such as having a good weapon, having trade goods [the goods are cheap, the bag however is not.] having a good weapon, having good combat skill [recommended for beginner.] or having several dudes in your party at start. Which i do not recommend.Anyways customize your appearances, choose a name, gender [Race is coming. Not very soon however since the updates are slow but big.] and then *BOOM* You are drop into the magnificent world of KENSHI. With only a very brief tooltip to get you started on your journey.The game is an open ended RPG meaning you can do pretty much what you want without any objective save for those you set yourself. Therefor people who enjoy reading story instead of making it should probably not find it very enjoyable. Anyways you can do a lot of things in the game but lemme just use the very rarely used bullet point instead of typing it out.Start your own town.Become a master of arms.Become a bounty hunter.Become an anarchist.A blacksmith even! with upgrades and blueprints!Or my personal favourite: Wandering the waste, getting into fights randomly healing people or breaking their bones. Then you become a warlord and do all of the above. Nothing really stopping you to be honest.And here is where the gameplay gets fun. You see KENSHI utilizes a unique RPG system where instead of skill points you actually perform the action to upgrade your corresponding skill. System like Carrying extra weight to train your strength, running without any loads to increase your running speed. And actually fighting to increase your fighting skills because you truly suck at the beginning where even a small bandit can make you into coma.Speaking of coma this game HP system should be utilize into more game. For example your limbs have individual health bar and each of them can bleed out individually reducing their effectiveness and preventing you from using two handed weapons and sword for examples. But that is not all! Wound your opponent enough on the head and they will faint, on the leg and they will hobble, on the arm and well.... have fun. Meanwhile you also have a blood meter! Lost too much and get coma and die. Subject to everyone. So everyone has an equal chances of dying with only their martial art skill being the tie breaker.There is also the element of trading, by buying trading bag which reduces your speed and make you more susceptible to bandits you can buy trading goods and trade stuff from town to town. Then all those training carrying sacks of metal made you stronger so you can then beat up bandits!The game is hilariously open is what i am saying. That is not even accounting for squad formation, squad order. create-a-town mechanic function and all the other things in this world. It's the tip of the iceberg.GraphicsCompare to years ago the graphics have improve substantially although in 2015 its not really something to write home about. You can even sometimes see graphical glitches from time to time although seeing as this is a rather massively scope game such a thing are understandable.SoundWhile atmospheric the ambient sound is best turned off, the game set to windowed mode and you play supplied with your own music. Trust me the lonely landscape takes time to transverse even at top speed so having your tune would supplement it quite well.ConclusionMy review will never do KENSHI justice, it is a game of such openness and it provides you with the mean to experience that everybody will play it differently. For me it is the ever path of the wanderer [And the warlord once I figure out how to actually kill someone with this metal rod i call a sword.]Scoring Methology [Courtesy of Meat King]:-	S-Rank: excellent-	A-Rank: very good-	B-Rank: solid-	C-Rank: satisfactory-	D-Rank: inferiorVerdict: S-Rank [So long as the update is stable otherwise it's an A-Rank.]Protip: Try the demo floating around the internet before you commit. The demo is rather old though with many new features have been implemented into the game. Still a long way before release though.Early Access Hiccups?Plenty. Many features are experimented on all the time on this game. And as such it breaks easily during update. Does not stop you from enjoying it though.EDIT 4/20/2015: I should really clarify something, i wont ssay this game has potential but it does [hypocrite] but the thing is about this game is that i got my enjoyment out of whatever update it already has so further progress is merely bonus at this point. So dont wait for the potential, just enjoy the now.Check out the Original Network Groups. Win free games, make new friends on Steam, & more!Original Curators Group,Original Traders Group, &Original Giveaways Group"
,Recommended,233860,9675459,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Inverse∞,"I give this game an 8.5/10.Be warned, this game will not be for everyone. It is still in Early Access, so a there are missing features, bugs and glitches (but that's to be expected). If these things strike a nerve, wait until the full game is released. Most of the glitches and bugs are easily avoided though; just use the F5 (quicksave key) often. Then when something does go wrong, you can automagically timewarp back and do it all again :)How I would sum up the world: Think Tatooine landscape filled with sword-wielding samurai and ninjas. No magic, no fantasy. It feels like it could be real (assuming it's on another planet :P).I love this game because of the grind. Sure, you have to sink in a lot of hours to get anywhere, but nothing matches the feeling of sheer satisfaction when you've built up a strong party, a well defended base and little stands in your way as a threat. The game was tough to learn, so you'll need to lean on the wiki for support for the first few hours at least. But once you've found your way it's all smooth sailing.My only real dislikes about the game are the bugs. The one that annoyed me the most was the teleporting 'dead' bandits. Watch out for these bad boys because despite being 'dead', they will teleport closer and closer to your storage buildings then loot your stuff. And no matter how many times you go to loot the stuff back off them, they will always win. F5 is the only way to save the day.Yet some of the bugs are more amusing than annoying... Like men sleeping like bats, hanging upside down off the sides of beds. Or shopkeepers within shopkeepers so they look like they have two faces, four eyes, two noses and four ears :PAll in all, if you like games that require a grind and can put up with weird stuff happening, dive right on in. It's worth more than you pay for it. If you like a grind but don't like glitches or blank buttons, wait for the full release. And if you don't like a grind, then this game is definitely not for you."
,Recommended,233860,8886552,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Pin Head Larry,kenshi is one of those games that makes you want to keep playing because its so addictive. its a really great idea for a game and there is loads of things to do that can keep you playing for days. it still has many bugs and theres that occasional crash that you would expect from a game that is being constantly updated with new features and new things to do. but even so the developers are doing a great job fixing those bugs and by doing that making the game more and more awesome.
,Recommended,233860,8894426,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Kenuty,"ALPHA PREVIEW REVIEWAside from some crashes I had playing this title, This is a great concept in the work mainly done by one person so the updates can be a little slow but the game is awsome.Its basically a free roam survival rts with samurais and desert. I started off as a lone wonderer in this world before I was able to construct an entire squad each character named after the people who watched my stream, I had to be careful not to kill off my members as I work on them to become stronger so we can take on the cannibal village. In order to keep myself going the first thing I had to do was lure people to thier death and use town guards as my shield, eventually i built a mine, did some recruitment, and assigned people jobs, soon I had a full functioning village selling items from and creating weapons with close to 20 people. Training for our attack on the cannibals.With more work this game will be more and more amazing but it will not be done anytime soon. Its slowly getting better and better as time progress and is worth the value, I hope with support the author can focus on this game 100% full time and get things going because this is a real gem of an idea he has here+Samurai Squad base survival+recruit players, customize em and name them+awsome music+This game is plain fun watching your squad roll out in army+create your own town, start selling from your town, start a business from your town (still in the works but works really well)+the world is quite big and it all takes place in the desert+The animations during the combat is pretty sweet-Theres no real story to the game yet-Could use alot more buildings and thing sto do-Cant wait for more factions. need moar!-Bugs and crashes atm which causes me not to be able to progress too far when I have huge samurai battles-The graphics isnt the best thing in the world but he fun makes up for it.-Sometimes graphic and ai glitches out, like buildings halfway in sand etc+- This is a working title, my review and opinion will change as the game progresses but this is basically my ALPHA PREVIEW REVIEW"
76561198103468461,Recommended,233860,16085953,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,OJ Fuckalo,Bought this game in 2013 played it once and then uninstalled it because I had no idea how to do anything. Last week I re-installed and was surprised by how much had really changed. The developers are definitely working hard and if you like games that provide a good challenge for survival this is for you. Just take the time to explore and learn how to progress before you give up. Its very rewarding
76561198077094359,Recommended,233860,12680869,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,neissinger,"As a child, I improved rudementery reading skills with classic RPGs like Dragon Warrior 3, Shining Force, and Fire Emblem. These games were amazing, because in adition to cementing a sense of justice in a 5 year old, they presented a memorable plot, different forms of character development (DW3 with the personalities, where the personality determined stat increases, and was determined by initial stats. Shining Force with the stories told by your squadmates in the various bases found over the 8 chapters, as well as themes of amnesia. Fire Emblem for being, well, Fire Emblem.) None of that is in this game. Which makes it perfect.""Why would you tell that story to point out what it doesn't have?""Simple: Kenshi has everything else that made those games personally iconic. From Dragon Warrior 3, you have each squad member being completely unique from creation, with nearly endless possibilities for customization, with an open world. From Fire Emblem, you have that strategic element, same with Shining Force. But with no 'level' or 'class' system, there are no restraints. I'll admit, I plan after writing this to re-create Shining Force in game, by creating each of the characters in order of appearance. That'll be fun!But it doesn't stop there. The combat is fluid, and the AI is great. Giving each limb, and core parts it's own hit points, and changing gameplay according to damage (and changing DAMAGE based on how you choose to heal it) is something more in-depth than most heavy LARP systems I've seen. You can build a base and be a group of peaceful farmers/traders (not that you need to eat). You can start a war with one faction (though I wouldn't reccomend it... ever), or become a group of mercenaries. The sandbox element is strong in this game.While the game is still in alpha, the groundwork has been set for so much more than is already released (as a player, I'd be fine if I had to deal with what i've got.) The few bugs that are in the game are minute and are easily bypassed with frequent quicksaves and game imports. The dev, while a little slow in getting the game out, is very careful to minimize bugs. A perfectionist, if you will.And this brings me back to that 5 year old playing those games for the first time, because while I can't play through those stories again, every click is another element that goes into a script playing in my head. While the characters may not interract on screen, they can be in the player's mind. As an adult, I've been a DM for a few years now, but Kenshi gives even more creative freedom to the player, which is the ultimate goal of an RPG. The only thing you can't do multiplayer, and i'm sure that by the time it gets to full release, it will have addressed that.This game can only be catagorised as a Sandbox/RPG/RTS/Simulation/Open World/Base Building Awesomeness. This is better than most games released today, and for the price, you'd be a fool NOT to pick it up. The true brilliance of this game is that there is a start point, but it is infinite. The end is wherever you choose to stop."
76561198032351654,Recommended,233860,22903135,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,redundantusage,"A warning to a potential buyer: the game is still very much early access, crashes are frequent (thankfully an autosave is already implemented) and many of the features are incomplete. If you don't enjoy seeing a game through development, this is not the game to buy.Preamble warning aside, Kenshi has a lot of interesting features, not the least of which for me is the crafting system, especially being able to gear your party with hand made items. That said, while some aspects of the game aren't as intuitive as you could hope, the scope of the game and shear number of features is exciting, and reminds me of of a scaleably third person team based Morrowind.If the developers continue to work on this game steadily, I could very easily see myself going back and continuing to play. With as much potential as this game has, I really hope they complete it, because they will have produced a very unique and enjoyable game."
,Recommended,233860,14374056,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,GreyGoldFish,"My my... this game is still Early Access and yet it managed to catch me in a way no game ever did. I really get in touch with my characters, and even wrote a notebook on their backstory, characteristics and personality.I think I am a little crazy."
76561198062543355,Recommended,233860,11444714,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Booty Licorice,Don't have friends?KenshiDon't like the sun?KenshiGet a raging boner whenever a game crashes?Kenshi10/10 Would play before crying myself to sleep.
76561198024124203,Recommended,233860,12938740,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,SpacemanSpiff,"""Toughness Stat - How to train:-Not wearing armor; armor is for wimps.-Getting hit for high amounts of damage, like a man.-Get up and fight when you should be playing dead.""Sold.You probably shouldn't play Kenshi. It is going to suck you in. Just walk away.JK... but not reallly.The thing crashes semi-frequently, and there are bugs such as the path-finding and character edge-sticking which reviews have mentioned, but these don't ruin it by far and are still in development (if your character is stuck in a wall, just tell another character to pick them up). Gameplay took some getting used to, as did the interface. Kenshi has a very balanced mechanic between RPG and RTS without feeling like either. More specifically, it somehow manages to combine the feel of Mount & Blade and Dwarf Fortress, with a little influence from Bioware-style party-management, into one intelligent video-game-gasm with some serious yet subtle attitude and atmosphere.The new content being talked about is going to expand upon what is already hours of playability. Apparently there are going to be new maps, beasts, quests, and I could even see more Mount & Blade-like politics with faction leaders (you listening, devs?), and mounts, or vehicles, and other characters, and maybe even a storyline, and then there's the modding community, and... and... let me stop.Enter the desert."
76561198065946340,Recommended,233860,22331565,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,MoD Morgan,"TL:DR, 10/10 well worth playing.. and playing again... and again.If Mount and Blade and Shogun: Total War had a baby, and that baby grew up to have a baby with Age of Empires 2... it would be close to this. Kenshi is gripping, it feels slow at the start but it's an amazing game once you crack the egg. Updates are coming thick and fast (at the time of writing) and it is a promising framework."
76561197975532010,Recommended,233860,12474919,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,PeerKhan,"This game has serious potential..  I've been playing it for a while now, and it's just gotten better.. great soundtrack and sounds have been introduced, more creatures and factions, excellent armor and clothing additions..The creator seems genuinely passionate about his game..  I think this could be the real deal as far as early access goes.. (unlike MANY games out there just to make a buck and bail.)The game updates tend to take a while, but they're pretty keen on the news updates and where they are in development.The ""new"" map is HUGE(and it's less than half finished!).  Much larger than the original they came out with which was a bit overwhelming in itself, but they've included tons of stuff to keep your exploration bug at bay.If you're patient enough and up to the challenge and don't mind antiquated graphics, The real fun of this game is working yourself up from a nothing weakling loser getting your♥♥♥♥♥kicked at every turn into a decked out, rich badass with one or several towns or cities to your name and an army to back you up.It still needs work of course.  I have a mental laundry list of stuff that could improve it, but if you're into this sort of thing, it's well worth checking out."
,Recommended,233860,34876523,Posted: 10 September,all,DubMeister,"When I first started, I was a mere wanderer with nothing but rags and a rusty stick. It took some time but I began to build a party. We quickly became thieves with decent combat performance and eventually, we became a town. From a mere group of 5 petty thieves stealing gear and food just to get by, to a small self-sufficient town with farmers, cooks, smiths and other workers, I have risen from the ground up.I made a squad specifically for combat consisting of 7 people to take on dangerous tasks.Tengu, Lynn (formerly known as Fish), and Streak are the backbone and muscle of the squad. I had recruited the 3 of them at the same time in a bar and since then, they've been inseperable battle sisters.Then there was Hamut and Garr. One volunteered to come with me, and the other was one of my town's former builders whose combat stats I felt were wasted staying in the outpost. Both had decent thievery skills.The sixth is a Shek woman known as Set. She was an escaped slave who attacked us on our way back to the outpost. After convincing her, she now runs around with us as a combat medic.FInally there was I, Davkes, their squad leader with stats above the rest.Together we called ourselves the Vanguard and we thought ourselves invincible. No passing patrol or beast could kill us or knock us out without being annihilated in their futile attempt.One day, as the Vanguard returned to the outpost with weapons from an ancient armory, a man dressed in simple clothing came up to me. His name was Thumper and he came looking for us to join our ranks.I was hesitant at first because he seemed weak and I didn't really have a need for another mouth to feed. Nonetheless, I reluctantly said yes and made him our second medic in the Vanguard. I gave him what spare armor I could and one of our recently looted weapons. Now there was 8 of us.At first, he moved and fought slowly due to the heavy armor, and a blunt weapon to fit his best weapon stat. It was almost laughable as he swung that thing over his head in vain effort. As a field medic though, Thumper performed his duty well. He kept the combat squad alive time and time again even in the most perilous and dire treks.He spent many nights under the nightsky around the campfire with the others as they healed in the camping beds he had carried along. After countless battles with bandits, guards, slavers, and beasts alike, he was now able to hold his own and keep up with the squad.Soon, we had explored every ancient building there was to see in the South and Southwest side of the map. Everyone had new gear and our workstations were upgraded as a result. Yet, our outpost was in need of more research resources and so we started exploring further North, away from the safety of our home.We began exploring through Hiver territory, Holy Lands, and the Fog to reach locations we had learned from previous ruins. Each time, we returned with many riches of the ancients but it was never enough.One day, we went further North than ever before and encountered a sizable group of berserkers. After suffering moderate injuries and fighting them off, we kept going only to be ambushed by a group of cannibals. Now our injuries were beginning to show as Tengu and Set were knocked out during the battle and we needed to find a place to rest.Along the way, Thumper had fallen slightly behind everyone else. It was at this moment, while we all looked away, another group of cannibals knocked him out, took him away toward their village and locked him in a bloody cage. We gave chase, but our broken bodies and heavy armor kept us from catching up to the wicked flesh-eating assailants before they got there. Fearful thoughts engulfed our minds.Despite our injuries, we did not stop. We couldn't. We charged toward their village with weapons in hand, and rage in our hearts. As we approached, one of the savages were beating Thumper in his cage. He screamed and wailed with each whack at him. My emotions were now a mix of anger, disgust, and sorrow. Their village came out to meet us and we fought. Without any mercy, we swiftly wiped out the village, freed Thumper, and patched him up; but something was wrong..Thumper was dying. His blood levels were dropping despite Set's healing. Our poor friend is now bleeding to death and it seems he left the camping beds back at the outpost.. Now we were desperate to find a town but we knew where nothing was in this new land. Every place we went was just a cannibal infested hellhole.After running throughout the night fighting cannibals and bandits looking for a place, we came across an old village of rubble and dirt. We went inside what looked like an old Orkan church. I checked the map to see how far the nearest friendly town was. His blood levels were already too low. He wouldn't make the trip. There was no chance of saving him anymore..I told Tengu, Lynn, and Streak to guard the door. Garr and Hamut stood behind Set and I. We laid Thumper on the floor of the ruined church, and took off his and our helmets. Our youngest member would die minutes later.I took back the Edge 3 blunt weapon I gave him originally, and Set took his medical supplies. I put him in the back of the church ruin so the cannibals and bandits won't find him. In respect to him, I left him with his full specialist grade Samurai Armor and his secondary katana as well as one food ration to acknowledge he will forever be one of us.Now we're back to 7 squad members..We called ourselves the Vanguard..and we thought ourselves invincible..RIP Thumper10/10 Would wrench my heart out again."
,Recommended,233860,14195483,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Rugby,"Great model of what a greenlight game should look like. Solid dev team, great game concept, regular community updates.>pros-gigantic open sandbox-RPG elements for each memeber in squad-hundreds of weapons and variations-economy and base building-regularly updated-scalable enemy encounters to manipulate difficulty>cons-performance drops at times (actively being worked on)-currently one biome environment (actively being worked on)-not too much explanation for the building mechanics8/10tremendously fun and different gameplay. would beat cannibals to death again."
76561198029243448,Recommended,233860,11189337,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,The Emperor of Milfgaard,"This game is for RPG-Players. This game is for those who love Strategy games and building their own town. This game is for people who like freedom and a sandbox to live in. It's special, but if you really are a fan of all the above, you should get this game!First of all, in my opinion the graphics are pretty decent, especially for this type of a game. I know it's far beyond those knock off titles upcoming like Witcher 3 and Inquisition, but keep in mind it's not a pure RPG, you build your own cities and there can be way more NPC onscreen at the same time than you would imagine( I had a realy big battle with like 50+ NPC's, all fighting at the same time). The Audio is well...improvable to say the least, but hey it's still early access. Story: there is none! Or to explain it better: think of your own story, why are your characters here? What do they want to accomplish? And the most important question: why are they doing, what they are doing? Right now there are no quests, but they will be implemented, just like several guilds/parties/groups you will most likely be able to join(if I am not mistaken). The landscape of Kenshi is...monotous right now. You're traveling a pure desert, with many high mountains, but also some dunes. There are many cities controlled by NPC factions, most of them small, some are bigger.But for me the most interesting part is the sandbox part. You can litteraly build everywhere! I am not kidding. Only restrictions are terrain such as really high mountains and you're not allowed to build too close to an NPC city. So ever wanted to write your own story? Build your own little kingdom? Craft your own gear to quip your fighters? To send them on a conquest to foreign lands or people you do not like? Or do you just desire to trade peacefully? Or maybe, maybe you're the type of guy who wants to stay alone and take on a huge challenge by fighting all on your lonesome against hordes of bandits? Get it!"
,Not Recommended,233860,9220090,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Anterk,"Disclaimer: as soon as the devs have finished this product, I will most likely change this recommendation to a whole-hearted ""Yes.""Kenshi is a game that contains much of what I've been wanting to see combined in open world rpgs for years: a totally open world, completely freeform squads, strategic gameplay with limb-damage, character progression, and the ability to easily break up or become seperated from your units.Actually, that last one was something I didn't even know I wanted until I played this game. In a game like Mount & Blade, failure means capture and the loss of most of your equipment and probably all of your units, and you are tied to the unit that captured you without options or variation. When my characters were knocked out by cannibals in Kenshi, my main character was left behind while the two units I had aquired by that point were taken to the cannibal's camp. Eventually, my character recovered enough to limp towards the nearest town, while my units were forced to despirately try to pick the locks of thier cages. One unit escaped, one didn't. The world of Kenshi allows for variation in losing, including the possibility of death for your main character if too much damage is taken. The result is strangly thrilling, and as I watched my unit desperately flee the cannibal camp with enemies running after her, I knew I had stumbled upon a game of great possibility.Unfortunitly, Kenshi remains too unfinished a possibility. The event I just described was the highlight of my several hours of playtime. At the moment there are no quests in Kenshi. You can build buildings, but there is no guarentee that the buildings will carry over to new versions of the game. My only goal is to build up the strength to get revenge for the unit that was killed by the cannibals. After that's done, I'll simply have no reason to keep playing.Buy only if you want to support the developers.Gameplay:http://youtu.be/xQC-_xTyss4Version 0.64:http://youtu.be/IAyhEupIyH4"
76561198084587415,Recommended,233860,14018432,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Missedstep,"It is buggy and occastionaly hard to use. But it is just so much **** fun.////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////3/13/15Still hard to use, but I'm enjoying the packs of Demonic hellhounds that kill your whole party in a heartbeat. You walk 5 feet, hellhound, you die. You walk the other direction, bandits, you die. 7/10 Harder then Darksouls.//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////1/14/2016The game is creeping along in development but still (in my mind) it has at least 3 more years before it can be relesased as a compelte game. Only Buy it if you wanna help the developers. As it stands you might get 4-6 hours of gameplay out of it before getting bored. I wait with my fingers crossed for more updates and nice tidbits of info."
76561197971485579,Recommended,233860,22744121,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,godpuppet,This game is the bane of the stubborn. If your the kind of character that does NOT give up no matter the punishing consequences you will reap the rewards of Kenshi. The rewards being a 48 hour black spot in your life you will never see again!+RPGers Game+Builders Game+Just a good game!
76561198043171901,Recommended,233860,23284084,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Mr Mills,"This game is one of the most addicting games ive ever played. I got home from work and played for 7 hours straight without even realizing it. At first its weird and confusing with the whole ""No man character"" thing. But it grows on you an eventually it becomes normal. This game plays like no other game ive ever had. It mixes real time strategy with building, advancing characters, free roaming, trading, pretty much anything you imagine. Capture slaves and force them to work or sell them off, Create a legendary samarui squad, create a steel fortress, get eaten by cannable, anything you want to do is probably going to be in this game. Absolutely get it."
76561198122754413,Recommended,233860,9065680,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Big Fish,"This is THE game for a gamer who is seriously into strategy/simulation.  I bought Kenshi on the steam sale, and instantly became hooked.  There is no friendly, happy, bunny mode.  You begin in one of the scenarios you choose. i.e. your starting squad and loadout, and instantly begin in an unforgiving world of sand ninjas, samurai, and desert drifters.  How you choose to proceed is up to you, and if you choose unwisely, you will die/fail.  No one to blame but your past.  If you don't rush into the desert wastes, put some thought into you development, and plan, there is a great chance you will succeed ... or at least not be bludgeoned too bad by hungry bandits.  Wait and admass a squad and income before trying to form your own town and you will be okay; if not you will have to fight like clint eastwood in an old western, but without the guys.Great game for those with the patience to play it and overlook the occasional bug.  On this issue, updates are constantly coming out, and fixes come out even faster.  The Dev is doing a great job for it's small operation, and if you can handle the occasional stress of dealing with a bug and at the worst having to revert to the newest save or auto save, there is nothing too flawed about the game.I highly recommend it for any serious gamer.  If you can handle anything but immediate gratification, don't buy it; plain and simple. Just call downstairs to your mom for some more soda and pizza bites ... everything will be okay snookums’."
76561197971535088,Not Recommended,233860,23388387,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,dustbiter,"Ambitious and open-ended game, but it is currently way too unfinished for a recommendation. The intended final state of the game is also unclear."
76561198060634702,Recommended,233860,15268572,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,naxisneok,"My first adventure in this game was one with lots of questions and involved a lot of reading on my part. Though the mechanics of  this game seem cruel I feel greatly rewarded when I survive an attack against bandits or get my characters' skills up.I had started as a survivor, looking at my war buddy as I woke from a losing battle. Though he looked to be healing alright he was still unconcious and we where a long ways from any city. It took some time for me to manag(figure out) how to carry the larger man but I had managed and began walking my way towards a city. I had noticed two bandit groups skirmishing just a little distance away from me.After getting to the city I was able to buy a mercenary to help me go and pick up some salvagable equipment from the battle that I had seen on the way over. WIth the money from that equipment I hired a medic and we waited for my friend to wake up. Two days later he wakes up and we set out for another town. Two more people joined up and we moved on to another town. After fending off some badits and sand ninjas he limped out way into the Holy City of Sharks where four more people joined up. We had a large group now so we thought it would be  smart idea to build our own city. Two days later in the middle of the desert we where lost to the sands.Though my group met a tragic end at the hands of cannibals I was still able to enjoy the hours long playthrough. I learned alot abou thta tfirst one and am going to put that to good use in my next playthrough. I would deffinately recommend this game to hardcore RPG and stategy game fans.Edit:PLaying this game on and off and loving every minute of it. The game gets better and better each time it's updated. Though I will say that I wish they would bring back certain scenarios such as the survivor one where you and an ally survive a fight. I found that one to be the most fun but I still enjoy the new content to a great deal. Keep up the good work and listening to the players!"
76561198032079713,Recommended,233860,24995395,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Apollo Aguilar,"I discovered Kenshi five days ago. I have only been playing Kenshi for five days now.First and foremost: the game has many flaws. It's in beta and the bugs are numerous. You'll need to restart the game to alleviate some of these bugs, while others will need to be remedied by verifying the game cache.But it's all worth it.Kenshi draws me in and tickles a nostalgic part of my brain that is still in love with Star Wars Galaxies (pre combat revamp of course). The combat seems clunky at first but really just takes time to appreciate. You are not spoon fed. Your characters will be wounded, ensalved, imprisoned and killed. And you'll continually become stronger and smarter because of it.Building your own camp is fun. Turning that into a village is great. Becoming the architect of your own city that can be seen from the alien horizon is what it's all about.Buy this game at full price. Have some patience and allow Kenshi to grow on you.This is a special title. Don't miss out on it."
,Recommended,233860,22311506,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Saakra,Seriously good game. Bought it a couple years back and play it every few updates. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,233860,8765183,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,_Swizzle ❤,"Amazing Game! i got this game in build 0.39 and enjoyed all of the content, and since then they have added Cannibals, Female Characters, and tons of other stuff! The best part is where you can build up a settlement and hopefully they will add onto that aspect, which im sure they will. For me Kenshi is a all-around fun game to dive into adventures, base building, trading, and anything you can think of doing!"
76561198019592844,Recommended,233860,22270878,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Nickamus,"Built new city in the 0.90.x beta. Got attacked by bandits. A lot. Slavers found my recovering squad members. Forced to watch as the characters I affectionately named after family members were taken away in chains. Goodbye, Ryan. Enjoy your time in the minesMade new game as a wanderer. Turned him into a Master Thief. Robbed every store in town. Stole Arms and Armor off guards and racist Paladins. Hoarded supplies and money in a Thieves Den (S****y little shack I bought for *almost* as much as a loaf of bread). Hired Mercs with thieving profits. Built new town with stolen supplies. Recruited army and Hired more Mercs.Battled first slaver patrol I found. Stole all their s**t and dragged their bodies into the river to drown.11/10 would thieve and murder again."
,Recommended,233860,23447741,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Lucien,"Man I hate this game,It's soo good I can't stop playing... there is so much depth to Kenshi that no video or review will ever do this game justice.If you are on the fence about buying Kenshi and consider yourself to have a medium level of patience, just go ahead and do it.. you won't be sorry.Make no mistake... Kenshi is a hard mistress, she will beat and enslave you... a lot, She will starve you and steel all your♥♥♥♥♥♥when you're laying there dying... a lot, She will surround your small outpost with religeous fanatics who will call all your females harlots and require them to perform ""special"" services in their temples... a lot.But hey, what doesn't kill you can only make you stronger right? - and that's where this game shines for me, knowing that while all this crap is raining down on you that your revenge is going to be ah so glorious... if you survive.Lastly, I have to mention the Devs at Lo-Fi are amazing and the support they offer the (also amazing) Moding community here is exceptional"
76561198013994481,Not Recommended,233860,15403608,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Korektor,"From what I've consistently seen from early access games, as soon as they go on special, the creators lose any financial motivation to continue development. I rarely give bad reviews, but there's no way in hell I'm letting them get away with this.Conceptually, this game is amazing and full of potential. It's the closest thing we have to a Mount and Blade clone. However, with so many years in development and such trivial updates, I've come to realize this will never be a finished, quality product, ESPECIALLY now that it's on special, and it's nothing more than a buggy sandbox with few ways to interact with the world around you. I haven't seen such terrible development constipation since Cortex Command.Please do NOT encourage such dishonest business practices."
76561198086843816,Recommended,233860,22145788,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Bertrand Du guesclin,Dont buy if you have a life 10/10
76561197983554015,Recommended,233860,7822308,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Milivanili,Great game.Spent 100+ hours on it.Why?- Melee Combat- Team Management- Base Building- RPG Elements (Skill Tree)- Beautiful Landscape
76561197971177948,Recommended,233860,12308128,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,The Ogre,"As of the writing of this review, I have about 49 hours in the game, and it's not finished. Forty-nine hours and it's not finished! They started with the sandbox (which is where they could have stopped as far as I'm concerned) and then started adding stuff! Grow a farm, mine for ore, learn how to make stuff, wander around and kill bandits, do whatever you want! Lo-Fi games is very good about updating fans, and they listen to comments. So check it out! Get in on the ground floor! Enjoy!"
,Not Recommended,233860,19170342,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,A Wet Noodle,"Great game, loads of potential, genuinely not sure if it will be finished in my lifetime."
,Recommended,233860,12279686,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Edmund,"When I first saw this game, thought it was gonna be a M&B: Warband clone, only in a Asian setting, and that sounded great. But what this game is, is so much more, or at least potentially.You create a character in a post apocalyptic feudal Japan-ish world, and from there your on your own. You can be a merchant, thief, shop owner, start your own town/outpost, craft your own weapons and armor, build different kind of functional buildings, research technology to build/craft even better stuff. You can train in fighting, stealth, repairing etc. by doing what ever you want to train in. Recruit squad members as bodyguards or as part of your personal mercenary group/army and control and train each person individually.At first the game had sub-par GFX (It still not great, but aesthetically pleasing) and no sound, but bear in mind it was still in pre-alpha (currently in alpha), the graphics have improved since, and there is sound now. On top of that new major features keep being added every few months.I bought the game when it was still $10, and it feels like an investment. I play it for a couple of months, when I come back after, say six months, more features are in and feels more polished every time. A few new major features (64bit engine, dialogue, overhauled pathfinding, animals/beasts and a new larger map with biomes) are planned for the near future. They already mentioned the beta in their latest progress update, price will probably go up again. In its current state (28/09/2014) the game is already very enjoyable, so buy it now while it's still in it's alpha pricing $20.PSI only started to play the game on Steam recently, my actual playtime should be more than 100 hours, maybe way more, I don't keep track realy :)"
76561198006755646,Recommended,233860,23533111,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,T.D.O.,"Greatings fellow gamers .I have clocked a few min on this game and can reccomend it to anyone that likes a bit off a different type off game .curently not at full release but updates are always on the way , had this game since forever and keep revisiting it after every update , the most resent update at 4. something GB size added the new map with more animals and stuff to kill , plus the nce thing of importing my old squad always makes it fun been using them since I started way back .Can recoomend if you are a player that injoys a mix off rpg and stratigy along with some bounty hunting and great crafting system , with even more heading in for updates :)can see myself clocking a few more min here .GFx are greatsound always greatcombat though meh use clubs for slaves , hay slaves bring in the cash10/10 would inslave towns for cash againlatest changelog :-hear when you are in a different building or on a different floor, this means for example that you could fight your way up a tower floor by floor without instantly triggering every enemy in the area.-Spiders now eat you by sucking out your sweet sweet juices, instead of eating you from the legs up like everything else does.  There aren't any spiders in the current map, I just wanted to mention it."
,Recommended,233860,24150012,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Enubis,"Within the cesspool of Early access rubbish we get over the recent years, the ugly cash-ins and depressing situations whereby a game is never fully released ever.. Comes this little gem in a desert of emptiness that is Kenshi.Honestly I don't even know where to start. So I shall just wing this. Been playing it for awhile now, a long while and I honestly feel this deserves my personal recommendations to anyone who loves this genre. Let us get down to it, firstly with the cons of the game.1. There's barely any story.Over time, more and more things are added, dialogue bits and now little things here and there, but in a story perspective, it's still very little. Things are getting more fleshed out overtime so we will see things get better in that regard.2. Can still be a bit buggy.It's still early access, things are being added, things get glitchy after being added, balancing still needs some tuning but all is to be expected. Stable version is as expected more stable. (The trespassing of property still needs some work!)2. No multiplayer.This is a single player game, I'm only putting this here for two reasons. One, multiplayer would be quite awesome. Two, I'm lacking of cons to write!Now for the pros of this game.1. Very well done sandbox.It is a sandbox through and through.. You can do almost anything within the game mechanics limitations. You can kill anyone, you can steal from anyone, you can just be a trader, you can essentially be many things or nothing at all! Hell you can even build your own city!2. Combat is straight forward and fun too.Straight forward in the sense you click, and you attack, kind of like diablo without any skills. But your attacks are all sweeps and it's range is dependant on weapon of choice. big♥♥♥♥♥weapon slows you down, slows down your attacks but you hit more people with each swing! Your defense/offense/dodge all grow as you fight more! Your strength grows if you keep carrying heavy stuff!3. Skills!All your skills grow with more usage! The more you do the same thing the better you are at it in most cases. Though contribuiting factors come into play. Your speed is slowed down by weight, your strength grows by carrying heavy things.. Your offense gets better the more you attack, the defense gets better the more you defend, ectera!4. Choices.A plethora of choices for you to pick, all of which comes around. Do you want to be purely a trader and rely on hired guards? By all means! Do you wanna be a warrior of the lands, heroically killing bandits!? Or become a bandit yourself! All of which requires some kind of sacrifice. A trader sacrifices the money to hire in trade for their safety through the lands. A warrior needs to go through a lot of training to get anywhere decent! And an army of bandits = bad news anyway. In the end you can sort out your group of folks for some to be good at something and others to be good at other things!5. Survival.It is hard, the world is harsh. Wild animals will kill you, bandits will kill you, all of that adds up. But you may not die when you get defeated! You have a blood pool, and every limb has an amount of damage you can take. If you were completely healthy, 90% of the time you don't die, you just pass out. To which you can play dead, or wake up and make a run for it! Just becareful of animals, slavers or cannibals. Animals will nom on you like cannibals. Slavers will enslave you! Training is crucial, so is running! But you can check out the guides for more details!6. Mods and modding kit!I'm always supportive of mods and modding communities, they make the game different with mods and you can pick whatever mods to suit your game! :DAll in all it's an amazing game that proves there's hope in the industry for something cool to come out! :D"
,Recommended,233860,18919579,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Getzan,"Kenshi is pretty fun, once you get into it. There is plenty of RPG-like qualities to Kenshi. A number of startup scenarios/ character equipment loadout, can push you towards certain playstyles:Wanderer is the basic default character.Settlers begin with a group of different characters together, along with building materials to start your own town.My personal favorite has to be the Ninja/Thief: the game starts you off as a ""Hungover"", pantless Thief, who has been sold into slavery while you were passed out from a night of binge drinking. In essence you need to breakout of the labor camp and steal stuff to pay off the slavers to become a free man/woman."
76561198075281806,Recommended,233860,22256678,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Three Legs the Bandit,This game is great. Possibly the greatest £12.99 of all times.10/10 would pay £12.99 again
76561198127838264,Recommended,233860,22604266,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Kebel,"I'm writing this for the beta version 0.91.4Now that a small part of the new world map is out I can say that this game is starting to be very fleshed out and there is more land and features to be added (diplomacy being a big one) that will make this even greater game.In the beginning you are weak, unskilled and most often alone. You will be caught stealing or end up pummeled by even lowliest of bandits or beasts. You can even starve to death or be kidnapped by slave traders if you get unlucky. In the worst case you may even end up being eaten alive.If you or whats left of your squad survive you may eventually develop to become strong adventurers, skilled thieves or rich enought traders to hire mercenary squad to protect youself. Eventually you may be able to set up a base of your own where you can farm your own food (if animals don't eat it and you're able to kill them), build walls around it and craft your weapons and armor.I recommend this for anyone interested in a survival game in a fantasy world with added RPG elements."
,Recommended,233860,31535843,Posted: 3 May,all,Davoodinator,"if you see a deal . grab it. i got a deal on it and im sitting on it observing the progress.if all the proposed features get done and the UX is improved,  this could be the ultimate addictive sandbox game imho"
,Recommended,233860,22403536,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Ink_Well,"Incredible game. Open world sandbox in the vein of Mount and Blade but with RTS style squads, I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,233860,2894330,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Aviticus Dragon,"One of the best sandbox Squad Based RPG's ever made. I've put over 200+ hours into this game so far and I feel like I'm just getting started!In Kenshi, you start out by yourself or with a few others (depending on your game start), hungry, and alone in one of the largest hand crafted game worlds I've ever seen. Your first priority is to find food. Steal it, hunt for it, or trade for it. Encounter a vast population of creatures some of which are docile, and others who are aggressive and will eat you!With currently over 30 factions some larger than others, all who have their own personalities and goals. The Holy Nation hates any non-human race. Be prepared to fight their enslavement if you are of another race in their territory. Travel to the swamplands, and find yourself battling Swamp Ninjas, and other factions fighting to control the area. Travel to the far south, and encounter mercenaries that will rough you up if you don't pay them.Hire new companions, equip them with weapons and armor, and train their fighting skills to survive in this world.Become a slaver. Capture enemies, and sell them as slaves. Slavers will slave you if they find you knocked out, and you are forced into slavery until you escape.Become a warrior/ninja, conquer all who oppose you or die in the attempt.Become a bounty hunter, and find bounties worth a lot of money and bring them to justice.Become a thief, and steal from everyone. Get caught stealing, and get thrown in prison. Escape prison, and become wanted. Fight off bounty hunters that will eventually hunt for you.Become a farmer, and sell produce, or illegal goods to other factions. Get caught smuggling into a city and you'll go to jail.Build multiple bases anywhere! Choose from a large amount of buildings, do research to build new buildings and items. Craft your own weapons and armor. Create high walls with turrets to protect your base from attacks from rival factions.Or:You can do all of the things I listed in the same game. You can do whatever you want, but be prepared for the consequences!Kenshi is truely a unique, and remarkable game that deserves your money."
,Recommended,233860,23997958,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ryzor,>Spawn as woman in religious zealot city>Walk outside>Immediately get beaten up and put in a cage because woman>Try lockpicking cage>Enslaved and forced to work in the mines>Eventually escape and sneak into farm>Spotted and chained to a pole in center of farm>Fall into recovery comaSaudi Arabia simulator 201610/10
,Recommended,233860,9060026,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,no smol gf weeb in training,"Oh my. This game is one of the best i've played. Got it, and in one day had nearly 11 hours on it. Once you start playing, I'd be amazed if you could stop. I recommend this game to ANYONE and EVERYONE!"
,Recommended,233860,9285456,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Josef Senpai,"Allow me to say this: If you do NOT have a large amount of patience, this game is not for you, at least not yet.Kenshi is a wonderful game, I've sunk days and days of my time into this Early Access, and I love it. The feeling of being horribly puny in a world that seeks to better itself , and then becoming strong enough to crush the world is a feeling only comparable to doing the same thing in your everyday life. That is Kenshi. You write your story, you act it out. Crush your opposition, or bankrupt their pocketbooks? Annihalate the bandits, or help them take over cities? You are, or will, be asked these questions over and over.Another of the great things about Kenshi is that it takes the motto of Urbanprophet; Unfair, Random, Brutality; and takes it to the next level. The game is exceedingly Unfair. You will probably lose men. That one-man army you really want to be? Well, he's lying on the ground, dying slowly after being attacked by 30 bandits. It's a painfully wonderful experience. It is Brutal, the enemies do not go easy on you- You just killed those Samurai's buddies? The entire faction wants you dead now, and you have armies of some of the strongest people in the game after you. Oh, now you can watch your 12 man squad rot slowly on the dusty desert. It is Random. No two people are the same unless they're twins or you made them that way. Every combat experience is utterly random. Yes, there's SOME consistency, as a soldier with 40 combat skill and 40 Defense skill probably won't get taken out by a couple of hungry bandits, but lucky hits DO happen. It can be frustrating to see that up-armored beast get KO'd by some thugs with sticks, but even SAS Operatives get shot by untrained Guerillas.You almost have to be a masochist to play Kenshi. Almost.Unfortunately, the game is consistently buggy, whether it be from minor graphics glitches caused by saving/loading, upto pathing issues that can be game-breaking. It's painful to be forced to watch your men die on the sands, and the fact that the game can't recognize your men are all pretty much dead and allow you to start a new game is a little offensive. The lack of a ""Return to Main Menu"" button is a little disconcerting in itself.In addition to that, it lacks a lot of diversity in its content. The ""Music"" is virtually nonexistent. It almost makes it difficult to want to play the game. Almost. Weaponry and Armor for your characters has a distinctly Asian flair, but doesn't deviate far from that. Combat animations are virtually the same for all people and weapons, and Melee combat is currently all there is. You buy Mercenaries. You kill things. You might even build a base. It's easy to become disillusioned if you aren't patient, or a good role-player.At the moment, the one game I can compare this to is a 3D Version of Caravaneer, without guns, and that is a very good thing. What the developer here tries to pull off is an extensive trade network with fluctuating prices; towns that have surplus stocks and will pay desperately with whatever they can to get what they're on a shortage of. That doesn't happen.Despite all of its flaws, Kenshi is a masterpiece. While dated in its mission, lacking in content, and occasionally utterly monotonous, Kenshi delivers the ultimate RPG experience that even real life cannot give you: The chance to write your own story, completely unfettered by society. The only problem you have left to figure out is: Do you cut your path into the ground, do you line it with the ruins of empires, do you gild it with coin, or do you merely walk it? It's upto you to write the story; it's upto you to buy and play Kenshi."
76561198095703492,Recommended,233860,32136081,Posted: 2 June,all,zane,"Im not much of a pc gamer. I usually stick to xbox playing gta or battlefield.Lately one of my online friends sent me a message that asked if I was ok because I hadn't been on for a couple days.I've had this game for several days now, and despite the ups and downs of it, I can't say that I have thoroughly enjoyed a game this much in a long time. It's currenyly ruining my life because all I can think about is the next phase in my journey.My advise to anyone that starts off in this game is that your more than likely gonna die your first few attempts. It's a learning experience at first so take it as one. I've put many long hours into it and have done all I can as far as research and recruitment goes. I now have enough people to take the fight to the holy nation and the slavers that have all given me hell.During one of my battles I paused and thought back to when I had nothing and now have almost everything. It is a very satisfying experience to watch as you and your faction grows right before your very eyes.I absolutely love this game and also am very excitied for future devlopment. This game is a must have for any open world survival fans.I give my full support to the developer of Kenshi."
,Recommended,233860,24380610,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,mandudeguy21,"-be stinks-go to small town to trade-get attacked by wild dogs right outside of town-unconscious-get attacked by starving bandits as soon as stinks gets up-holy empire attacks the trouble makers-dust bandits attack everyone-huge battle-try to block and let the holy empire take care of them-get knocked out anyways because stinks is trash-holy empire slaughters everyone else because they are op-slavers approach-get nervous but tell my self that there are many bodies, they wont take stinks-watch in horror as they take stinks along with everyone else-become slave-give up and start new game"
,Recommended,233860,30050018,Posted: 19 February,all,isRyan,"I bought this game in 2014.I played it for a little bit, but I couldn't really get into it, and it seemed that the devs had gone awol so I stopped.last weekend I was feeling really burnt out on my go to games and wanted something new, and I spotted Kenshi in my game library. Kenshi was that game that I really regretted buying, but I held on to a hope that I would one day get my money's worth out of it. With this in mind I decided to see if such a day has come, and started her up.I no longer regret getting this game. The devs are updating it, a community has gathered behind it, and it's gameplay is absolutley golden. I've gotten used to the graphics, and even kinda like em now(objectively they are crappy though) and the interface could use some improvement. Once you get used to the controls, and begin to see how things work in this unique world the devs have created, the rough edges start to fall away.I've never been one to write reviews, but I felt that I needed to share because there are definitely alot of people like me who picked this up in the earlier days and abandoned it to what we thought was going to be a silent death. If you are one of those fellows I recommend you give the game another try."
,Recommended,233860,22706405,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,dustyuncle,"I just want to say I've backed dozens of EA games, but i always hold off until they release to play (usually to great disappointment). But this game, I just had to dive right in and I haven't regretted a moment. it is so deep and so fun. I just can't put it away.Thank you all!"
76561198096830857,Recommended,233860,25955644,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,daeuslupus,"Kenshi is a refreshing, challenging, and unique sandbox game where there is no main story, no main character, and certainly no friends. That is, unless you make those things happen. But to create that story blood, sweat, and tears must be shed for the bustling town that you build from the ground up or the greatest warriors the land has ever seen to be created.The first few hours of this game are hard, very, very hard. You typically start off with rough spun pants, a medkit, a few hundred Cats (the currency), and a stick in a city within the wasteland. And off you go. No tutorial, no hand holding, no direction as to what you should or can do. There are certainly in-game Help menus you could look through, but you yourself have to discover how to make money for food, where you should avoid going, and how best to survive in a wasteland where you're nothing more than another grain of sand in the dessert, just as easily treaded over, discarded, and forgotten. You can't even kill a lone animal, much less another person, for survival. At least initially.Kenshi is a game where stories, your stories, are made. There are no scripted events, no unkillable NPC's, and plenty of random events that you encounter travelling the wasteland for adventures to happen. I left my base once to explore, found a ruin, almost got killed in it, half my squad limping away carrying the other half of my unconscious, but alive, team. Limping home through a forest before Bam! I got attacked by twenty or so cannibals and somehow, by some miracle, held them off with my wounded, conscious members. The moment when the walls of my base rendered on my screen was filled with so much joy, relief, and amazement that everyone somehow made it back alive still makes me shake my head in disbelief that a game made me experience that.This game is all about growth and development, discovery and adventure, survival and death. It does a remarkable job of invoking the doubts involved with exploring the unknown. Everytime I send out an expedition with enough food and supplies to last a week or more to bring back new trade items or rare treasure I worry whether or not everyone, or anyone at all for that matter, will make it back alive. I don't know what I'll find, what I'll encounter, and if the journey will be worth it. And that's an incredible feeling.This game is still being developed and still has tons of things to improve, but what they have now is a fun, albeit challenging and buggy, squad based, sandbox game where it's you and the world. Is Kenshi, an Eary Access game, worth the $20? Having played almost 52 fun, stressful, amazing hours at the moment of writing I'm very much inclined to say yes, absolutely. A good chunk of time has to be invested to actually experience everything Kenshi currently has to offer and considering that the game isn't even complete yet pleases me, knowing that there's that much more for me to discover."
76561197997181074,Recommended,233860,22222424,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Froz'n,"It's a beta/alpha full of annoying pricking bugs making you rip your hair off like a madman. But that's only because this game is that good and addictive ! Once those bugs are solved I could play this for hundredSSSSS of hours !Oh wait, I already have, and quite literally !At the time of me writing this review I have (funnely enough) 777 hours under my belt on a game filled with ""annoying pricking bugs making you rip your hair off like a madman"". I do have that game since a few years, but I keep coming back to it, unlike 98% of the games I own. It does keep evolving and keeps getting better, slowly but surely.I definitly recommand this, but this is my personnal favorite. Make your own feeling by trying it out, just don't forget that hour limit if you want a refund. I swear this game makes you skip time fowards !Cheers !"
76561198044516592,Recommended,233860,33696885,Posted: 21 July,all,Vivikus,"The game starts out as a confusing mess of frustration. We're so used to games that treat us like the fragile little emotional bags of crybaby, that when one comes along and expects us to be a true challenger, we don't know what to do.You start as a regular person.You must work hard to earn even enough to eat.You must obey the laws, or else.You must avoid bands of gang rapists that will put it in your butt, and then eat you.If you can manage to do that, and then run around a lot, you become a little faster at running. Suddenly you're a little more useful. One town has pleny of copper at a cheap price, and there is another far away that needs that copper and will pay 100c. more than the town your in sells it for. So you buy what you can carry, run, and trade it.You make a friend, they join you on your quest to merely stay alive.After many hours, you might have a small band of people. You're doing well. Staying within the laws, and making a small amount of money. Maybe you're mining metal and selling it. Maybe you're trading between the towns. Or maybe you're luring gangs close enough to towns that the town guards come out and beat them up, you then take all their clothes and weapons and sell them to the traders in town.After you grow some more, you start to fight small groups, or maybe you start to build your own town and recruit more to your cause.This game is for specific people that like DIFFICULT games. This game is for anyone who likes trading games with a spin of danger and total risk. This game is for those who don't cry about failure, but instead they look at what they could've done better.This game is for us.9/10would be 10/10 if I could que movement. I hate the AI pathing. Let me shift and click to que a series of movements to where I want to go, or to train my athletics/strength while I'm coordinating other tasks with other members of my group."
76561197996681211,Recommended,233860,35029795,Posted: 17 September,all,Ziggy Stardust,"Kenshi is a very nieche Game that surely is not for everyone. I recommend it to anyone who is a fan of classical Sandbox-MMORPG's - even though it is lacking multiplayer it has the deep crafting, the absolute freedom and quite a bit of character customization and developement. It very much is an RPG, it is less of an RTS as the pictures might suggest.Fans of Star Wars Galaxies, such as myself, may find themself reminded of that game when they step into the vast world this Game has to offer.I first read about this game when it was very early alpha and it was nothing but a squad management game with nothing much to it. Yet still the game managed to keep me interested by its very unique concept and style of genre.For an ""early access"" title by an indie dev team it is running fairly stable. It lacks some optimization but if you look into it a little you can fix most FPS issues yourself (by downloading texture optimization-mods or fiddling with the settings for a bit)It is highly encouraged to run it as experimental (by opting into the beta experiences) as you will miss out on regular hotfixes if you do not.All in all the graphics are nothing to be amazed by, even though I personally think it still manages to deliver beautiful scenes every now and then - a lot of graphics are notable placeholders aswell and will probably be enhanced later on.The Game has a lot of bugs, but nothing is really gamebreaking and In 40 Hours playtime I have yet to run into anything that really annoys me.Mods _really_ help customize your game experience. There is tons of potential in mod support, even though the possibilities are still limited - the devs plan to expand upon this (afaik)If you are looking for a challenging and interesting new World to explore and dive into in a type of game that you probably have not seen done yet, give Kenshi a try. Its definitely worth the 15€ it costs at the time of this review."
76561198035670678,Recommended,233860,22934757,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,ShrekIsMyDad,"If Mad Max, Samurai Champloo, and The Dark Tower had a weird kid that ran around shirtless with nothing but a rusty katana and an empty stomach, then it would be this game.The setting is unique, taking place in a varied post-apocalyptic enviroment that's soon to be expanded with a shiny new map. Combat is dangerous and every encounter has the potential to be your last. Numerous factions have their wars and alliances, and you can participate if you want, or just loot the corpses like a gross human vulture that has no honor.The problem with the games are thus: The engine isn't the best in the world, so graphically it's rather unimpressive, however the artists have done a great job with worldbuilding and locations look unique enough that graphical limitations don't hinder the game at all. Another possible gripe is that the early game's combat is very, very hard. You will be knocked out for most of your time with Kenshi without proper preperation. It's stupid to brave the wasteland alone, you aren't the Dragonborn; you're Jeff from accounting who's decided to become a vagrant warrior with little to know chance of survival. That being said, a larger party and training vis a vie the practice dummies can make combat easier.All in all Kenshi has been developed slowly over a long period of time, and it's clear the developers have put love into their game. Updates are progressing steadily and adding in new content and features. Kenshi's a good game now, but it'll be a great game when it gets released."
76561198027117855,Recommended,233860,25961220,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Clint Eastwood,"9/10! I love this game! I am not usually one that enjoys really difficult games, but there is something about the brutal difficulty of this game that actually keeps me around. It's not like ""Oh I'm not good enough..."" kinda hard, it's more ""I need patience and dedication to prevail"" kinda hard. Basically, you start as a nobody. There are different backgrounds and starts, which I love, but I also love that the game is unforgiving. You can't just kill a group of raiders, hell, you probably can't even kill one at the start. The difficulty of this game is appropriate, and lends to the brutality of the harsh reality in which your characters live. With time, one can really succeed and have fun with this game. The challenges along the way, those are really the best part. I am a self-professed save-scummer when it comes to many games, but despite saving very often, I find myself reverting to old loads less often in this game than others. Devastating things occur to my party, but the way it happens... most of the time I just roll with it!This game features multiple ways to play, perhaps one of it's coolest features. You can get by as a lone wolf, stealing and killing while living on the run. Perhaps you yourself wish to organize a group to raid cities and farms. Maybe you wish to raise an army to do with what you please as you traverse the wastelands... in any case, you have a great deal of freedom. Basically, you can play it like a single player RPG, or more like an RTS, city builder, merchant goods management, etc. There are a few bugs, but nothing really gamebreaking. Another feature I love is that they allow you to import your old characters/buildings and so on into new versions of the game as it approaches release. There are factions in the game, and it is particularly interesting when you get involved with any of them. The factions are all unique and have interesting relationships with one another. Luring that band of bandits up to that Holy Nations City you visited may be the perfect distraction you need to rob them blind.As I mentioned before, this game is BRUTAL! My beloved characters have been enslaved, tortured/forcefully starved to death, murdered in cold blood and even eaten alive... that's right, I said EATEN ALIVE!!! Normally in games when my characters get, let's say, eaten alive, I save-scum to the save before that happened. This game encourages me to go along with the brutality though. I had a party of 17 characters or so, while running to a certain city, we were attacked. We fended off the Fog Men at first... but they kept coming... hoardes of them! All but two of my characters were left standing, carrying the wounded bodies of two other characters to safety (which in itself had my blood rushing!). As 4 of my characters got to safety, rested up and healed up, 3 were EATEN ALIVE by the Fog Men. I used what little money I had and sold everything to hire 2 more characters to join the party. We went out and managed to pick off the Fog Men that escorted our friends by setting up ambushes at tactical points. Thus far I have saved all but 1 of the captured members of my party (minus the 3 that were EATEN ALIVE), doing tactical stealth missions, solo runs and distraction assaults.Overall this game is outstanding! The aesthetic feel of it is perfect, mixing the feel of like a sumurai feudal system in the post-apocalypse. The difficulty of the game can make it a tough pill to initially swallow, but it is well worth it. The characters and races are unique (I love the Hive characters and the robotic mechanid ones, sooo cool!) Everything is fitting for the environment, nothing stands out as too high tech or too low tech. You can tell that this is the remnance of a world that once had tech, but that technology is long forgotten. There is electricity to some extent, but only what windmills and such can generate. Think Mad Max and/or Waterworld tech. Despite the brutal difficulty and the patience/sacrifice needed to succeed, I would give this game a 9/10 (as of patch 0.93 or so). I anticipate my score my go up when the game reaches full release."
,Recommended,233860,8254942,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Zander,"This game is crazy, and its the best game I ever played, I'm happy I bought it. I love this game! GO AND BUY IT TOO!!!"
76561198044040742,Recommended,233860,15418608,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Gnat,"I don't write reviews, infact this is the only one i've done or probably will do because this is my favorite game on steam.Pros:-The ability to customize units is what sold me on this. I've always loved being able to make my own stories and characters within a game and it works well in this.-There is always a new story to tell with your character(s). Example: Getting kidnapped by cannibals and barely escaping(if at all), then building/training an army and taking your revenge on them.-You can mod the game, however it isn't the most straight foward and there are not too many made for it yet. You can find some on the nexus, if you know what you are doing.-Updates. The makers of this game DO release updates and patches even if they do take a while, adding new content that stack layers of gameplay. If you do some research you can see the guy who made this game loves it and truely wants to see it finished (even hired more people to help build it).Cons:-Like I said, the updates can take a long time to come out but they do.-Some people experience bugs and crashes while others do not.-Once you get your characters up to a certain level in combat it may become a little too easy. However, they are adding new stuff to keep it challenging.If you enjoy these games you may enjoy this one:X-com, Age of Empires, Mount and bladeOver-all I give this game a 8.5/10 in the experimental beta build. Like a fine wine, it gets better with time."
76561197988236193,Recommended,233860,15623811,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,I aM No0b HeAr Me RoAr,"As an owner of this game for nearly two years I can say that it has come a LONG WAY from when I purchased it. I rarely write reviews but after reading the negitive ones below I felt compelled to add my two cents.While development has been slow, it has been consistent. For me I purchased this game because I liked the concept and I wanted to support its development, not because I wanted to play it (yet!). I would say that while buggy, the game is fully playable now, and really stands apart from any other game I have played.If you enjoy a CHALLENGING RPG/Open world steam punk sim, and you want to support the developers who tackled this very ambitious project, then BUY IT!"
76561198013028763,Recommended,233860,8828783,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Raj,"Alright here is the deal: I can see where these guys are going with this one and I like it. I only buy betas like this if I want to help the devlopment. They release updates pretty regularly and you can tell they are gamers that are making this because they are building a vision. Having said that, the game crashes alot. Having said THAT, I just cant stop playing it! If you are on the fence just wait and see what it becomes. If you want to fund some guys that clearly love what they do that have put out a beta that plays better and is more inspired than EA's garbage, buy it now.And I still can't stop playing it..."
,Recommended,233860,7755820,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Whuping,"This game is so original it is teeming with potential - I mean it is like a clash of Samurais in an apocalyptic setting and - SOON TO BE - Deus Ex kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥going on (Robotic Limbs). Though if you dislike a game with a medium learning curve you'd have to dump that habit and have patience with this game, because this game, Kenshi, is a game worth playing."
,Recommended,233860,27909148,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Junduin,"The game I've always wanted. Kenshi is a genre-defying game that's quarter RPG, quarter City-Building, and half Action. You can start anywhere from a group of settlers to injured, starving, and penniless and work your way upwards from there. Unlike most games, Kenshi sees no difference between the player and NPCsYou are not The HeroEvery action has consequencesDefinetly the most underrated game in Steam."
76561198008039268,Recommended,233860,25833833,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,TommYWaffleZ,"Kenshi, holy ♥♥♥♥, where do I start with this one? Hmmm, how about my experience on my first proper playthrough(s).....I started with a new playthrough after re-installing this game yesterday, as the default wanderer. All was well, at first. I spawned in Blister Hill. I mined some iron, sold the iron to a trader in Blister Hill and got a fair amount of money doing so. I built a small outpost with a shack, farm and a well down near the river, just outside of Blsiter Hill. My crops were growing fine, I had a fair bit of money but I needed some materials, so I mined more iron and made more money in the easiest way I knew how, MINING!!! After I arrived back from Blister Hill I noticed all my crops had dissappeared, ""what?"" I thought to myself, ""How?"" I originally thought the starving bandits had knocked me over, so I replanted my crops, mined more iron, sold more iron in Blister Hill and after arriving back for the second time....my crops where missing, again. So I re-replanted them, headed to the Holy Farm to get some stuff, come back and my crops had gone AGAIN. At this point I was just baffled, ""a glitch maybe?"" I re-re-replanted my crops, waited in my shack and nothing.....then I see my character yell out ""BY OKRANS HAIRY NIPPLES"" he draws out his sword and sprints out of the shack, I pan the camera and a dozen of these rat creatures with 2 legs are eating my ♥♥♥♥ing crops. ""No match for me"" I thought, wow how I was wrong. I get completley destroyed and killed by these creatures.RIP Zan.Second playthrough, this time as a trader with a pack bull, seems fun! I spawn in some remote area with a few buildings dotted around the place, I decide to head to Blister Hill and sell my luxury goods that I spwaned with. Less than 5 minutes in, I get ambushed by cannibals, my bull gets killed and I get kidnapped. Then, the cannibal just stops walking, glitches and I am stuck like this for around 10 minutes, dying on this skinny cannibals shoulder. ""♥♥♥♥ sake, new game it is...again""RIP Bill.Third playthrough, this time as the retired army captain, ♥♥♥♥ yeah dude. I chose him due to my 2 previous characters being absolutley dreadful when it comes to combat. I spawn in The Hub, a complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ full of low-lives and outlaws, I find an iron vein, so I repeat the mining method in order to get some money. I have 5 raw iron ore, I see a building just outside of The Hub, I walk in, sell my iron and buy a nice sword to go with my other one, I step out of the building and BAM, badnits do me over and loot my weapons......""This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke"" I shout out loud. Fortunatley, I recover and the traders kill the bandits, unfortuntaley the one who robbed me, took off with my swords. I loot an iron club off one of the bandits, buy some food and set off. I approach a hive village, BAM. Ambushed by cannibals and kidnapped again.....""Wow, what the ♥♥♥♥!?!!?"" I exclaim, fortunatley I am saved by these bug looking ant men, who are actually rather nice! I set up camp outside of the hive village, mine some copper, sell to the trader, make some more money and set off to greener pastures. BAM, ambushed by fogmen, kidnapped and hauled around the fog islands for about 20 minutes until cannibals attack and kill my kidnappers. I play dead, then immediatley run for the hills. I run into a cannibal, who is not attacking me. ""Talking meat?"" he says, I ask him not to eat me due to my body being diseased with plague ""STILL HAVE TO EAT"" he yells back at me, BAM, his posse attack me, kidnap me and again I am hauled around the map, knocked out cold, then, starving bandits save me! ""OMG Saved again, thank ♥♥♥♥"" I say to myself......no, the bandits then knock me out, steal my food and take off. I wake up from a recovery coma, heal myself then limp off toward Mongrel, A town located in the fog islands. I arrive, and to make more money, I mine a nearby iron source. I go to the weapons trader with my recently aqquired iron, ""OHHH a smithing machine, I'll make armour plates and get♥♥♥♥♥♥loads of money"" I work on the armour plates in the shop, then I take my armour plate, a message pops up ""Caught stealing"" I get attacked by 20+ guards and arrested for taking an armour plate that I MADE.....""♥♥♥♥. THIS. GAME.""Kenshi is a nightmare, its harder than life, harder than dark souls, but it's actually fun to play. You arent a god, you are a weak, feeble character looking to make a name for themselves, and man it is hard.The graphics are bad, the performance is awful at times due to poor omptimization but the gameplay and replayability of this game is outstanding. The world, that seems to be a mix of Japanese culture mixed in with some steam/cyber-punk aspects, has an interesting story with weird characters inhabiting it, what a strange yet good game Kenshi is.I hated this game at first, which is why I ultimatley uninstalled it a few months back. The game just needs time for you to grow attatched to it, which bizzarely, will happen."
76561198044420302,Recommended,233860,23678175,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Mullic Rav,"So with the latest 20 hours added to the timer, i think i get the main idea of what the game is so far, please do pay attention to the date of this review as this is to the corrisponding version, now to give a short summary, the game has bugs, it has memory leaks, so expect to restart it a few times a day if you're limited to 4 gigs of ram like me, it looks okay in graphics department, nothing amazing, but i would rather have this then games that pose the best thing in it is the graphic's, because Beautiful looking Crap is still just crap... this game poses as a Sandbox Survival RTS that i suggest you only play if you're ready for some depressing notions of racism in it's own sense... the rest will explain but for those who just want the short review, i DO suggest this game, but to a rather... certain audience...Pros:-Customization, Most RTS games just give you a set number of looks and style and that's just it, while this game HAS that, you can make ""Your"" characters look however you want, 4 races, plenty of attributes from facial to physical body, this game let's you make your team as unique as you desire.-No levels, Just skill and survival, and this can be an issue in some cases, the game has added a hunger meter (and also a mod to remove it for beginners, just look through the workshop.) and note, most things you fight one on one, WILL kill you, now note, this game has factions, and there far, other people will join the fight, if it's against you however, you may be rather... dead, in the next few seconds, you're NOT the chosen one, you're a new person in this harsh world, and you have to EARN your power the obvious ways, running around will make you run faster, carrying heavy stuff will make you stronger, taking hits will make you more durable... if you survive.-The whole world is free to Roam... Granted if it's Not Owned... i say this because this game goes on common sense in that, if it's there, you should be able to go there, BUT it also knows that, if it's someone's home... well you're not link are you? this is'nt hyrule, this is a game that makes common sense REAL common real fast, and the open world outside towns is open for more then just combat...-Base Building, want to build a town? Have the recourses, go ahead, but make sure you know this location is ideal for what your setting up, because this game won't hold your gand in this, it's either you get ahead, just get by, or get dead... and this does have it's pros, but don't think just having a place to call your own makes you safe, if fact... it can attract some... unwanted attention-Time, and Pause, this i feel is a requirement, if a game as relentless as this DIDN'T have this? well... it's a small note, but deffinitely still worth noting, it atleast let's you think about what you're gonna do next...-No Story, Exept Your's, this game has no story mode, it's you, the world, and whatever you do in it, or don't do, and quite frankly, i feel for a game like this, is a good thing.-Multiple ways to start, start with a group, or alone, start with a dog, or as a slave, or a prisoner, it give's many ways to play, most however, WILL be a challenge...-Character Value, a jack of all trades is a master of none, not to say you can't train all character's in everything, but you'll be spending a few months to try with just a couple characters... overall, this game makes you pick and choose of your own will what person will do what, by this i mean, you can have everyone fight with no healer's or anyone building a bse, BUT you will die very fast, there's also permadeath... so yeah, once they die, they're gone...And now the notes i'm affriad count against this peice...Cons:-Memory Leaks, as said before, this game has issues with even the 5required specs, after 3-4 hours, 4 gigs will be lookin... bare... and the game will lag to the point it'll be getting difficult, but then again, any game that tries this WILL run into this, so this is really more of a given...-Almost Depressing, this game can be rather... Depressing, so anyone with the idea that they can feel better from playing this game when you're in a bad mood, unless you're a masochist and even then... the game has a nation, known as the ""Holy Nation"" that hates anything and anyone who is NOT human, and will either demand you die by them on site while sparring those who are human, or just downright kill you and the other's, it gives that sense that ""Are you different? Die For it!"" that makes it kinda feel difficult to...well yeah... i'm not gonna ask them to change it by any means, i just can't recommend this for a certain audience or two...And now things that are both or neither good and/or bad that are still worth noting,Nuetrals:-Early Acess, this means the game still has a way to go before saying it's finished, so if you buy this expecting a finished game, then don't buy it until the early access catagory disappears from the named tags on this game, it's still subjected to change, be updated in major ways, and over all, it's NOT a finished game...-Bugs, i place this in nuetral because, YES it's bad, BUT they WILL be fixed, and as such as of the current time, there is a bug that annoys me a bit but i beleive it can be player fixed by rebuilding nav mesh in game, in the notion that if you put your character's in a closed space, they will stop moving and if you try to move they will go to the gate you just close and open it before moving to the designated spot...Overall, yes i recomend this game, but i would like to note, Not for it's ""Fun"" factor, because it CAN be fun, once you find a correct way to do thing's your way, there is not a ""set in Stone"" correct way to do things because this is a sandbox game in it's fullest extent, but positive and negitive are in this, if you want a challenge in sandbox survival RTS, this is the best one Iv'e found, just be ready to die if you are'nt ready to fight..."
76561198052277089,Recommended,233860,8931748,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Stan_nn,"Of course trhere need a lot to be done..On the other side: this is a realy great game with a lot more potential for the future!Worth to buy and play it now allready; in my opinion YES !!!With the start as 'wanderer' you have to do it all the way, and this is very nice to play.My first money i spend on good boots and an extra backpack, with a bit luck i found 2 dead body's and take there cloths & weapons.. so good enough to equip at the moment..Then i found a group of bandids, i run back towards the city i started and let them killed by the guards there..did enjoy the battle myself also, and making progress in attack & defend that way.With all those loot i found on there body's ik make nice money and could hire the first 2 members of my group..Did this a couple times and could hire 2 more (already trained) other members + better gear.Start to get building on my self.. started with my 1st settlement with a little barack and a stone mine..Now after +- 30 hrs playing time i have 8 members (3 last recruited in the second city i visite), upgrade the stone mine, build also 2 power-generators, a stone working machine, build the 1st house with 4 beds and training body + first city walls build to protect my 1st settlement a bit and.. All members well equiped for there level.Some little inside story's.. :After several fights with smaller bandit-groups (i can take them down) and bigger groups of sand-bandits (witch i take after me to the city-guards, to fight them together and take there loots.. + selling the gang-boss for good money to the head guards)....then there came a group of 'cannibals'.. to my little settlement.. they take 2 of my members down, picked them up and running away with them.. omg.. lol..bud, they run into the arms of a walking patrouille from guild guards.. they take the cannibals down and my members could struggeled back to our settlement... pffftttt.. end good :PIn all the time i played till now, i only have 2 crashes (saving regulary is always the better thing to do), so that's not so bad for a starting game i suppose.There is a well done balance between the attacks from the (4 differend types) of bandids walking around and the time you can spend on selling, buying, training, building)..That's very satisfied to play like this in a game like this!Conclusion:Like i say at the beginning, there is still a lot to do.. but for sure it's worth to buy and play!For now allready nice playing and we hope it will be more and more in the future..All by all; Thanks to the maker(s) : nice & good work allready, hope a lot more to come..Have fun by playing this xD"
76561198030810694,Recommended,233860,22166439,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,yamnoa,it is the best i have ever played worth well above the 20 dolars i payed
,Recommended,233860,21957530,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,OPG Godsend,"Firstly, my 'hours played' isn't accurate, I've played more than it shows. I had a weird stint where Steam Overlay didn't work for a couple weeks and blah blah.Anyway, this game is great.It's one major feature, one that people either love or hate, is that it's a true sandbox. At this point, there is no objective, no beginning - middle - or end.You choose a specific start (the starts that you choose from are kind of a template of the type of role play you're looking for) then.... well, whatever you want.Want to go over there? Do it. Want to start a base up and make it into a city sim? Have at it. Want to slaughter everyone in a town? Knock yourself out. There's a lot of stuff to do, but some people can't find enjoyment in doing it if they don't have something the game is telling them to work forward to - which isn't a bad thing, people can like whatever they want.There's a lot to be had in this game;- Party Based RPG- Squad Management (multiple squads)- Buy/Sell Merchant sim- City Builder & Management- Pickup and play for fifteen minutes or hours- It's... Just a giant sandbox, you can do damn-near anything.Something that I wont add to the list of it's features is its modibility, it's ridiculously easy - but there's only like, ten mods made for it, which is for the best anyways since the next planned update to the game is an entirely new map.If you like games that blend fifty different genre's together and don't mind there not being a point, you'll most likely enjoy this game as much as I have.There's a wierd 'either love it or hate it' review battle with this game, people claiming that if you say something bad about the game then you're an idiot and if you say somehting good about it you're a ravenous fanboy - the old ""Everyone's opinion matter as long as it is in full support of mine"" rhetoric seen in all games/movies.Honestly, it's a great game that has come a long, loooong way, and it gets exponentionally more fun with each update.TL:DR -- A ton of genre's slapped together very well.- Almost out of Alpha; soon to be fully featured.- Has no end goal - you make you're own up (in true roleplay fashion)- Can be played as little or as often as you want, there's currently (may not ever be) actual missions, so there's no ""Let me just finish this part""- I like it, you might like it, try the demo (yeah, it has a demo, for some reason video game companies refuse to make demos anymore) it's available on the Lo-Fi website (steam too?)"
76561197975218065,Recommended,233860,24435879,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Defektiv,"This is roughly how it went for me. The first 10 hours I was just running away from things and reloading, cursing at the game and wondering how you were supposed to play this if you just got jumped all the time. The next 10 hours was spent discovering things, some on my own and some from searching. I got a small group of people together and saved up several thousand working resource nodes outside the cities. Whenever I had to travel though I was just running away from things and reloading, cursing at the game and wondering how you were supposed to play this if you just got jumped all the time.Then I started to get my bearings in the game. I learned that losing is part of the experience, literally part of the experience. If you pick an even fight and don't come out on top, you've still gained big defensive stats on anyone that didn't die. At that point, about 30 hours deep into the experience, I realized I just started. Game mechanics start springing up and spider-webbing outward. Character advancement, technology research, crafting, settlement management, supply runs, training, assaults, battles, wars. Now every time I assemble my elite crew of four to the gate, I get excited that I have so many options to choose from. We go to a city, make some money, recruit more people for the town, work their strength up a little to make some more money nearby, buy some supplies and sneak them back up.The game creeps up on you and owns you with complex, interesting things to do. The mechanics, dialog, options and behavior of npcs are deep and seem very well thought out. I often find myself doing something I fully expect to result in losing something and figure out the game already thought of it and provided an option. And if you're worried there may not be enough RPG in it for you, each and every character you recruit is playable, equippable and trainable independently. The vanilla cap is I think 30 right now total recruitable, but there is a mod already that increases it to 256. Give it some time and you'll be hooked."
76561197975245018,Recommended,233860,33030441,Posted: 30 June,all,Llaerrick,"This game has a steep learning curve.The first 30 minutes was more or less figuring things out and getting use to the UI (and some times bizarre camera angles).The game is not immediately intuitive and a bit more guidance at the start would have been appreciated. There are some tutorial tips and hints but still a little bit more help would be good for starters. That said, once you figure out the general controls/gameplay, the game starts to shine.Gameplay itself is pretty much exactly what is advertised. Squad-based sandbox RPG where you can pretty much do everything (within limits). It's pretty much about surviving and gathering enough currency to employ more characters (which you can customize within limits) and building up a decent team/squad/company. Thereafter it's mostly point-and-click (or right click) to achieve objectives within the game play. Battles are RTS-like based on character modifiers and equipment. Realistically, most battles are about numbers, gear and attributes.Right off the bat, your characters are generally weak and need to be trained/levelled up (xp and ranks are gained by doing specific things, eg. running around unencumbered trains athletics, runing around encumbered trains strength, and generally doing certain things improve certain traits. It is possible to hire better characters but these are expensive for a beginner character (although getting currency is not too difficult).The AI isn't very good right now. The easiest way to earn currency is to lure enemies to a friendly settlement and have their guards take them out. You then loot the unconscious/dead enemies, sell their stuff, and rinse and repeat. The squad-AI is also a little limited right now with limited tactical oversight and commands. It would be nice if they added a little more depth into the tactical command system (eg. grouping, assist target, formations, etc). Hotkeys for battle commands (such as to go passive or block) would be useful and should be developed.There is trading (limited right now to mainly selling loot and produce, rather than selling low buying high) and crafting. The mechanic is there but needs work.As with most open sandbox-types, you can go about however you want: - build a small farm-sted, roam as bandits/mercenaries, build a fortress/bastion, trade etc. There are multiple and myriad factions in game but diplomacy right now is pretty basic (kill or commit crime against faction = worsening relations and bounty). As the game progresses, I hope more is done to improve the faction/diplomacy mechanics.Generally, the game itself runs quite well on my robust but dated rig. Although, it gets laggy after about 2 hours or so of play but nothing a simple reboot wouldn't solve.All in all, for an early access it's pretty fun so far. Looking forward to more development and progress."
76561198096164565,Recommended,233860,26262215,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Nathan,"Kenshi, Kenshi, Kenshi you are like a mistress on the side of real life. I wish I could put more time into you but things (work, child, fiance) keep getting in our way of eternal love. I know I keep promising that I can just leave them and we could spend the rest of our days frollicking in meadows of beautiful flowers, desert landscapes and the occasional cannibal lair. I know we could be happy together taking on adversary and even build a place we can call home from nothing but the goods we traded from our previous lives. I feel like I am at war with some holy group telling me my feelings are false and us being together serves a dark purpose. I shall enter you and end up leaving just before we get to the fun stuff while I am seen by prying eyes behind my back and whispering voices telling me this is not real and I shouldnt be spending my spare time with you. I hope you can understand that I am torn in every direction but yours as I know you do not judge me for letting you sit idle while I create false memories with people who will never understand me like you do. Maybe someone else will pick you up and have the wonderful times we have had, I would be sad to see you with someone else but happy that you get to have the adventures we have spent those dark nights dreaming of together.Kenshi if this is our last moments, I would like you to know that I rate you a solid 8/10 although I know you are currently just a bud on a bush about to blossom into a beautiful flower and will only increase in enjoyability."
76561198015978312,Recommended,233860,33099384,Posted: 1 July,all,BunkerBuster,"So this game is 100% based around grinding. your skills will all be low and you will have the bare essentials. if you like games that require working for what you want and building yourself up from the dirt this is for you. fun little story on my first playthrough. had a decent base starting up had about 4 characters at my disposal i found a library earlier and it was a decent distance away so i took my ""strongest"" (strongest being the guy that will have the shortest time being knocked out and was the fastest runner of my group) to go back to the library to loot it, he gets knocked out on the way by some hungry bandits. right as he's about to wake up my guy gets picked up by some slavers and enslaves him. i break away run into 2 people with a 2K cat bounty i sneak up and knock out 1 and take his weapon. try to knock out the second didnt work he runs off, first guy wakes up i beat him unconscious and drag him to the nearby town and turn in his bounty. run into the slavers that just picked him up and try to fight them and get into a fight with the slavers and the town guard. 10/10 would go back to the library again"
76561198058433290,Recommended,233860,32068597,Posted: 30 May,all,Xuvin,"Quick Review: Buy the game its well worth 20$ theres easily 100+ fun hours of new stuff to do and explore. If you enjoy strategy games with swords this game is Madmax meets Samurai.In-Depth: I have 14.8 hours played in the last day, 15.4 on record. Bought the game in march 2013 played it alil and said in a few years this game will be amazing. After staying up for 15 hours just playing this game its amazing you can easily set a goal and back story that is either small or grand in scope, you could start as a pennyless no man who builds an empire only to retire to a small house in town.Buy the game help this amazing dev!"
,Recommended,233860,34852348,Posted: 9 September,all,Periwinkle,"Worth buying. Worth playing.This is activily developed and there's updates all the time.  Ignore the posts about this not getting updates very frequently, you can see for yourself in the news section.  I would recommend flipping over to experimental though.The game is grindy but sooo satisfying.  there's a huge sense of progression.  You go from losing a fight with a dog to rocking sevearal huge united cities patrols... and more.There's a lot to this game:slaverytheftdifficult as hellbase buildingresearchresource gatheringsneaking, survival, cooking, farmingthe list goes on and on.The fair folks who make this game also included some several forms of automation to reduce the grind.The game really allows you to dictate what type of lifestyle and reputation you want for your team,tribe, or band  to have.There are some pretty serious negatives with this game though.It's the most buggy thing I've ever played in my life.  I've ran into at least 100 different bugs.  That's to be expected considering this thing is in alpha but... damn... there is a lot of bugs.A lot of the features of this game are half implimented.this game also gets the award of having the worst pathing in any game... ever.  I wish this game had pathing as bad as red alert one... I wish it did!  but it's sooo much worse.with that being said,  most of the bugs won't ruin your night.  The vast majority havn't affected stability in my experience.  The game is stupid ambitious and with each passing update, the features of this game are being realized.  Keep in mind it's still early access and these bugs are being fixed.  One patch at a time.Mountains of awesome."
,Recommended,233860,19123860,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,TheWerdOfRa,"TL;DR:It's a true to the word Alpha so it crashes and there are clearly parts of the game that do not work yet. However, the greater vision for what the game will be is clear and it clearly is going to be a game of epic proportions with plenty of replayability.Full Review:The game lets you play as you wish. Want to be a BA swordsman with an elite squad of goons? Done. Want to be tader making your way through the waste lands? Done. Want to settle your own town and be the greatest blacksmith in the land? Done. Want to by a sleezy tief in the night? Done.The game has a fantastic engine that allows you level your character based on the actions he takes. If you fight a lot, he will become better at fighting. If you run around a lot he becomes a faster runner. Carry heavy things - builds strength. Unit growth is very organic, though you can also setup tasks to help power level guys as well.The main game, which is not completed yet, will allow you to effectively build your own clan. You will be able to raid other towns and even take them over. If you do not want to run your own clan with towns then you can try your hand at being a merchinary in one of the many conflicts that will going on around the map.The game is also introducing multiple races and ambient creatures that will kick your butt!!All the fun stuff aside there are some drawbacks. At the time of the post this is still very much in Alpha. The game crashes regularly, your save files become outdated or unable to be retrieved often, and your are constantly tantilzed by the features you can see but not use. For an Alpha it is pretty playable though and the dev makes balancing changes every so often so that the game remains fun to play.If you cannot handle losing your entire saved game or getting randomly kicked this is not the time to buy, wait for the proper release. If you can't wait to be a steampunk samuri in a desert wasteland then by all means get it!"
76561198054346607,Recommended,233860,31203352,Posted: 17 April,all,LordDante,"Want to get lost in an original open world?Want to hear some great music?Want to improve your character through fighting, hard work and (dare I say it?!) DEFEAT?Want to make your own story, with the amount of freedom AAA games only dream about?Want to craft, loot, steal, assassinate, fight, eat, drink, sleep, run, walk, jog, train, trade, farm, cook, hunt, scavange, build, magane, help, heal, befriend, betray, raid, flourish, rise and fall?Want to do even more?Want to loose countless hours of your life on an epic journey?If you answer yes, then buy this game right now.The graphics are serviceable at best, and it's not really well optimazed (Protipp: Install it on an SSD, it makes a lot of differance!) but the sheer scope of this project is huge and it is already a deep and emotional game.I can't remember when was the last time everything in a game felt so raw, so fresh, so new and so... rewarding.10/10 Get it and get lost in it!"
76561198091814109,Recommended,233860,8098731,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Bringer of Death,"This is a great game, i highly recommend getting it. Well of course its still under construction but with new stuff getting added it has even more potential. If your thinking of getting this game, don't think, just get it."
,Recommended,233860,6141867,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Haggis,"This is seriously one of the coolest games I have played.  The whole game is based around you and your sqaud, wait...  Scratch that...  This game hates you...  You aren't the biggest baddest guy in the world, you aren't going to be able to defeat an army by yourself, you can't do shiznit in this game...  Unless you work for it...The only way to get anywhere in this game is to work for it.  If you want to be the strongest man in the game, you have to train long and hard.  If you want a giant city, you have to get the resources, and build it by hand.One of the coolest parts about this game is the work mechanics.  Say you want one guy to be your engineer and build all the buildings and such.  Well, you aren't always going to be building things, are you?  No, so you set engineering as your permanent job, which means that if there is a building job going on, then he will do it.  And then his second job may be researching, so when there is no building going on, he is researching more buildings.This game may be an alpha, but I have played 25 hours and it seems like there is still more to research and build.  There is no sound, but the Torchlight 1 soundtrack sounds pretty good in the background!  So yeah, if you want a game where you aren't the biggest baddest guy in existence, get this game..."
,Recommended,233860,8114008,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,RH3DD,This is honestly a game worth buying even though it is still in development the mechanics and set up of the game is amazing and I would recommend this to anyone that loves a challenge or loves to build an entire base with an entire colony of people
76561198047956614,Recommended,233860,8509433,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,wi1212cat,"This is  a very promising game. Third person squad based mechanics. All in the desert. You can build settlements, sell good, die horribly, ect. The game however is still in developement by a very small team. Again though its a very promising game."
76561198077958704,Recommended,233860,8047467,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,The Basement Intern,This game is the bees knees besides the very few glitches of the game that are managable by reloading the game i have no real complaints there is a lot of ways to play and even though there isnt much to do i almost have 100 hours invested in the game
76561198007165194,Recommended,233860,8785170,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,[38NC.H]Patrick World-Star,"great game. constantly being updated with new features and huge bug fixes. you can build up a huge army or keep a small party of warriors, builders, doctors, etc and build your own city where NPC's will come and visit and buy items that you manufacture. Great game and get a lot of time out of it. I recommend looking up other reviews as well as youtube videos because it is a unique type of game, not everyone will love it.I can not recall any games being anything like this, and for that reason it offers great releif from the average game genres that can eventually get old, no matter how fun the game is. I am very much looking forward to see what new features will be added on when it reaches it's complete state, as I'm sure everything that will be added will be very new concepts and things you just don't see or do much of in other games."
76561198036954514,Recommended,233860,8487682,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Hathcyn,Incredibly in depth in-the-works game. Going to be a beautiful finished product.
,Recommended,233860,8255959,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Venerable Vestige,I have been looking for a game like this and i have finally found a brilliant game where I dont have the story to follow and where failure is possible yet correctable!
76561198036056556,Recommended,233860,8562812,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Garadauer,"cool game worth your cash, with great open world setting and lots to do just like oblivion. A clean 8+"
76561197964470998,Recommended,233860,8234909,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Zmole,great game a bit buggy oviously in alpha but massively fun i reccomend :P
76561198144262419,Recommended,233860,23259064,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,theodore_clouter,"TL:DR? Buy it, would lay unconcious being robbed by bandits again.As I write this I lay unconcious with my face in the desert sands after being mobbed on a lone trade run by hungry desert bandits.  They taught me not to run over burdened.Kenshi is Warband+1.It will take time to get to grips with the UI - which is improved from some of the youtube videos I watched before buying it.I'm playing it on an i5 1.8mHz laptop with nvidia 710M, and it insits on using the cruddy inel graphics card.  But this doesn;t affect gameplay for me.Returning to the desert to wait out my survival coma.  On the plus side I am not bleeding.  Though the bandits took all my inventory - including a sword which I aqquired from a samarai who was erm, sleeping face down in the desert!Love the game, give it some time.If you like warband you'll love this.  RPG/business/hack/slash.Though all I've done so far is get beat up and turn in a dying man for a bounty :)"
,Not Recommended,233860,22967824,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Soccermom,"Kenshi is a fun game, but there are a few deal-breakers that I hope get future attention:-No way to recruit new guys (in the latest version) without forking over thousands at a time. There is maybe one character I've encountered that is willing to join you, and he costs 6000 in game currency.-And you're gonna need some help, because the game is irritatingly difficult when beginning. I know it is supposed to be a challenge, but the only way to level your guy is to follow around a patrol which may or may not encounter hostile groups. Even then, expect to get only a few hits in before the patrol wipes out the enemy.-Getting your character to attack is a hassle. Right clicking works some of the time. Other times you have to hold right click over an enemy and tell your character to attack him.-The staggering animation after being hit often leaves you open to another attack, which can stagger you again. Kinda lame considering that...-The punishment for losing a fight is way too severe. When you get KO'd you can be waiting upwards of 300+ seconds to have your guy wake up. After bandaging yourself, you must limp/walk to the nearest city to sleep if you don't have the materials to make a camp bed. Getting to the nearest city can take long enough, but sleeping till recovery takes waaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyy too long considering how the rest of this recovery process goes...-If you do make a camp bed, because limping to the nearst town takes too long, I hope you don't mind spending the night with bandits or dogs, who will stand over you until you wake up. And then kill you. And if it was dogs instead of bandits, then you might as well make a new game, because they're not going anywhere after you get KO'd.-Poor optimization in its current state.A lot of people enjoy the game, and for good reason. Just be warned that you might find this game to be pretty tedious, frustrating, and possibly unplayable. I'd say to wait a while before buying."
76561198039393774,Recommended,233860,8212511,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,m.holbrook87,"Open world, post apocalyptic squad game right now, with more to come.  Lots to love, build your own town, complete with fields, granary, kitchen, armorer, weaponsmith, miners, smelters, training dummies, medics, and more!"
,Recommended,233860,17289225,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Benjo,"Actual Review after the first chunk of Text.I've been reading quite a few Negative Reviews about this game complaining about how it's bugged and how slow the development on this is, though I do not find this negative, especially since this game Is in Early Access and in it's Alpha Stage. People complain about games not being Bugfree while they are still in Early Access, which is meant to help the developers to improve the game by finding said bugs and reporting them to them. About the development being slow though, yes i have to agree the development is quite slow, with the game being in Early Access / Alpha for over 5 years now, though they do release updates quite regularly most of the time. well now that this rant is over on to the Actual Review.Kenshi is a Squad Based Open World Role playing Game that is currently in it's Alpha (for over 5 years now).The Game in it's current version has already quite a lot to offer, especially with some of the bigger updates still coming up. The Development on this game can be quite slow since it is being produced by a small Team consisting of 6 Actual members and a few Volunteers and Freelancers.Positives about the Game:+ You currently have quite a Huge map that you can explore and build your base on with more and different Land to be released in a future update.+ You aren't god in this game, you are a basic human (or group of humans) that has to survive in the desert (maybe other places in later updates), not more, not less.+ The game is actively being Developed even if it may be slow, the game has been receiving updates for over 5 years now so I'll doubt that the studio has any plans on abandoning it.+ Has great music (not too much different music but great music)Negatives:- You won't get a full on Role Playing feel yet as the game is still in development.- A bit hard to get into at first- Kinda slow development though i don't blame them, I have enough respect for them for even trying to make a game like this.- Obviously, you will experience Bugs since it's in Early Access.Final Verdict:This Game is already great and shows potential to become one of my favorite Squad Based RPGs. If you are a fan of games like these go ahead and buy it, but be aware that the Game is still in Early Access / Alpha which means you won't get a full on ""Finished Game"" experience. Early Access is here to help Developers find bugs and help them find ideas not for actually playing the game early. So if you want to help the Development (even if it is quite slow sometimes) go ahead and get it. But if you want a full game experience wait until the Game gets out of Early Access somewhen."
76561198008785518,Not Recommended,233860,22365238,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Militia,"GOD I want to love this game. I really want to. I've played over 40 hours in an absurdly short amount of time trying to love it and make it work. I know it just went Beta, but this is one of the least playabe Betas (or even Alphas) I have ever taken part in.Pathfinding is absolutely terrible. The worst of any RTS I've ever played. If you build a wall, plan on randomly getting stuck on terrain and having to deconstruct part of the wall so your resources are *poof* gone. Oh it's not over there - good luck trying to get the two parts of the walls to attach again, because there is random wall collision detection that prevents you from attaching the two pieces of the wall, so there's a good chance you'll have to start over on a huge section of wall.There have been modest improvements to pathfinding, not least of which is your squad tries its best to use the road rather than going offroad. This seems to be a hasty workaround, because going offroad seems to get you stuck for no apparent reason a lot of the time. Also plan on reversing your path and straightening out an approach on one squad member when going through gates into cities. The devs have the best intentions by attempting the following:- Auto-hauling- Priority queues- Clicking on a point on the map and having the squad automatically go thereThe problem with these is the execution. Auto-hauling works alright, but you have to have a specific box for the item. For example, autohauling stone has to go to a stone box. So you're taking up a ton of space with storage boxes. This leads into priority queues, which only show 5 of the tasks you have lined up even though you can have more. So if you have 10 resources you want to haul to 10 different boxes for efficiency's sake, you won't see the 5 tasks in the bottom of the queue so you have no idea if you actually have them queued or not. So you might have to deleted and restart your entire queue if you forget.When going to a city by selecting a point on the map, there's a good chance your squad will randomly stop and just stand there because it doesn't know where to go, even though you selected a point on the map. This map feature is very new, so I'll give it a pass. It just needs some polish. It works a lot of the time.Whoamygod crashes. Pre .90, crashes used to be once every 5-10 minutes (so lower your Autosave threshold unless you want to constantly lose progress). Patch .90.11 made the game literally unplayable (crash shortly after load every time, regardless of whether you start a new game or not).  However, since then the crashes have gotten LOADS better. I just hope this continues.The devs try hard (it seems) but it feels like they're playing a game of whack-a-mole. They squash a bug, another bug (or two, or three) appears in its place. I just hope to god it gets a lot more polish in the automation and pathfinding departments. Micromanaging to this degree and especially with this much frustration is not fun. If these key areas improve, this will turn a messy, bug-ridden game into a GREAT game.All that ugliness aside... I will continue to support the game (because it's the only one of its kind really right?) and will likely change my review if there's a lot of polish. Right now it's not lookin good though."
76561197976460508,Recommended,233860,12381567,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Suicide,This really has a lot of potential! I love the openness of it and the lack of any real user friendly guide. This kind of forces you to decide what you want to learn to do. I wouldn't recommend this to the casual gamer as the learning curve is kind of steep but if you enjoy open world sandbox games with RPG elements then this game might be for you.
76561198025599428,Recommended,233860,12298068,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Eternal77,"Fun rts/open world sandbox/rpg/squad management/base building game. The developer continues to update the game although progress is a bit slow, slow but steady. The game has already been well worth the money I have spent and it continues to get better with each patch that is released."
76561198012070011,Recommended,233860,13904207,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Rundown9230,"Kenshi as an idea has taken me in a way that most largely produced titles haven't been able to.  Having played just above 80 hours I feel I can write a decent review of this game.  Having bought the game almost a year and half ago and seeing short progress I was worried; however, it's good to see that there are dedicated people still out there not just trying to get their quick cash and move on.Kenshi offers you a vast empty (which is good)  desert world where you must fend for yourself and that's as far as the story will take you at this moment in time.   The choice is yours, what do you do? Read a bunch of f**king guides is what you do, or at least myself, but I digress.  Throughout gameplay you must make decisions where to incoporate your time....as in...do I take my only 2 soldiers to escort my 3 traders to a town to sell Ale/chainmail/katanas/fragaxes/medkits/etc, or do i keep 1 soldier at the outpost guarding 2 of those traders while they continue to produce while only sending 1 soldier and 1 trader....which could possibly be attacked by a multitude of people (have fun with that population setting!)  At the same time you must research and dedicate certain squadmates to certain jobs where they will become more proficient as such.  Efficiency is key in Kenshi especially when you just start your outpost.Base building is relatively smooth with only minor bugs which can be avoided by a quick save and reload  (applies to entire gameplay as well), and although there aren't uses for many of the items currently ingame besides monetary value there is much promise for the future.  The core buildings on the other hand are useful and there are many of them with industry like processes to advance your small faction as such.As far as skills go Kenshi has many of the same skills you find in any other RPG game out there, the difference is that these skills actually have a real-time effect in gameplay.  What i mean by that is that if you have low strength, good luck carrying that backpack full of steel, wearing durable heavy armors, and larger weapons all while slowing you down becoming cannibal food in the process......AND making your Attack say (-14) because you dont know what you're doing with said weapon......fool.So the game hits on the saying ""practice makes perfect."" in a nutshell in all skill-like aspects.  The unfortunate side is that there are still a considerable amount of skills ""greyed"" out not finished yet (awesome when finished)  but do not let that take away from this light of a game in this dark re-hashed titled clone world of ours.  It's EA and for as imperative as the devs made the skills (not just stat raises) is something fresh, oh what else is fresh that i forgot..LOCATIONAL DAMAGE!  wut, indie game? Naw that's unheard of...WRONG.  You get your leg beaten to a pulp?  Well I hope you can afford a walking stick Mr. Gimpy until you treat it medically.  The best part is that you don't die instantly, you bleed, you fight, pass out to wake and fight again! then pass out! and die.  Game over unless you have meds.Visually, the game remains desolate yet somehow pleasing.  It actually feels like a post-apocalyptic world that you were just thrown into with the sole goal to survive however you see fit.  Some of the structures do look a little edgy at times, and not everything lines up 100% but the end result is fair enough.  Things look as they should....In conclusion, because I'm mediocre at reviews,  I find Kenshi very immersive, well thought and executed, and a challenging game considering the dev's choice of realism.  That's saying a lot for those indie's and with this one you'll dump hours into it without even realizing once you understand the concepts.  Honestly, I can't wait to play this thing once it's finished....seriously.  There's nothing else like it right now.  For how much this game costs and for how much content you get it's a decently fair price, try to get it on sale if you can.  Plus, I totally believe in supporting devs that change the industry with great ideas like this. Keep it up!Gameplay:    8/10Visuals:         7/10Updates:       6/10  (steadily increasing)Overall quality:    7/10Progress?   I'd say it's around 60% done overall (don't murder me it's an educated guess)P.S.  The bugs (not crashes) i've personally found to be more amusing than not most of the time.  Watching bandits and sometimes fellow squadmates violently ragdoll into the sky for a brief moment when are knocken unconcious can somewhat take me by surprise.  Or when the ai gets stupid and bunches up for a massive aoe 1 hitter with a frag axe. KO mother*****"
76561197981690367,Not Recommended,233860,18899101,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,MonkenDrunky,"This game is awesome and ive spent more time on it in one sitting than id like to admit... however i cannot recommend it until its finished, it feels like its been forever and its still in ""early access""."
,Recommended,233860,17969606,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Belgar,"Kenshi is a very good and fun game, Kenshi is the kind of game I love because it has some features that big games don't. First thing I'll say is: ""don't buy this game if you have no patiance"" This game is a little bit hard in the beggining because you're not special... in the begging almost everyone is stronger than you so be careful, to BE special you have to work for it, you gotta pursue it, and that's what I love about kenshi. I can't describe with words, what I can say is: download the demo in their website and you'll feel/know what I mean, I haven't played much but I loved what I played of it. It's buggy, it crashes a lot, sometimes you'll rage in front of your computer and stop playing it for a week but Kenshi is amazing and you know you'll play it again. the developers always keep updating with bugs fixes and add some minor content, and from time to time there's a ""big content update"" wich adds a lot of new stuff."
,Recommended,233860,29874015,Posted: 12 February,all,Crewman Six,"While one would hope EA wouldn't take this long, it shows what a dedicated dev and some patience can produce. Well done. addicting, great game play, amazing concept.   i've been with this since it first came out and watched the entrire EA process.   It has been a long developement but the light of release is super close.  Played occasionally through early access, and while i havent logged as many hours as i should have, it's just amazing."
,Recommended,233860,24363184,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Duenan,"This game is not for the faint of heart. If you like modern hand holding RPGs or on rails games like fallout 4 this is not for you.This hearkens back to early RPGs like Fallout 2, Balder's Gate etc. You are the story, you make the story. It's similar to mount and blade warband in that respect. You can choose to do anything however its a time sink.You can play it like the lone wanderer, group of adventurers, or you can play it like age of empires.The choice is yours"
,Recommended,233860,24290783,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Wiiyoo,"After waking up in the desert with nothing besides a stick and some pants I decide to wander to look for someone who can help. I come across a small fort that was well off and had slaves gathering materials. When I approached them they did not seem to mind me. Knowing this, I enter one of their buildings and try to steal some Sake. A guard quickly knocks me unconscious, puts me in a cage and strips me of my belongings, which were already next to nothing. After weeks of trying to pick the lock and attempted escapes I manage to sneak out close to 3am in the morning when the guards were asleep. I swiftly and silently steal some clothes and a sword, and when the time was right I legged it out the compound. After a good hour of fleeing the compound and its many guards, a group of bandits attack the guards, allowing me to escape into the distance. I am now a free ex-slave that is trading items to try to make enough money to survive.Edit1 (hours later irl);I have now established a thieves den hidden near a lake in the desert. I frequently travel to cities to collect ""pre owned"" merchandise and resell this to another village deeper into the forest.Good game/yes"
76561198042049435,Recommended,233860,9780738,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Horus_Lum,THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FROM THE BOTTOM OF MY HEART THANK YOU FOR MAKING THIS GAME...Now I understand that it isn't complete in terms of graphics and programming but this is what an open world game should be and all done by ONE GUY! Bloody amazing... Can't wait for future updates and final release and in the future more original thinking games.... Hope he sticks to his out of the box creativity cause if so he'll have a fan for life...
,Recommended,233860,9781981,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Matchu,Was so worth the 20$ and can't wait to see what comes next.
,Recommended,233860,32843995,Posted: 26 June,all,Eyedea of Being Famous,"The one early access game I have not regretted buying for a second! Huge expansive world. Soooo much to do! also it is  consitantly updated by the creator, years after its intial early access release. It just keeps getting better!"
76561198144873563,Recommended,233860,32735938,Posted: 24 June,all,Txy,"A cheap game for what its worth, I personally love it and think it's well worth buying and that the hard work the dev's are putting in currently and in the future should have the game price raised even by a little."
76561198089899444,Recommended,233860,34593814,Posted: 29 August,all,Osric,"This really is a great game. Its been developed by a single dev for most of its life although there is now a team on board to push it over the finish line. I returned this on my first purchase, put off by the clunky UI and the camera controls and the graphics are hardly breath-taking although it certainly has its own beauty. But this is a unique gem that rewards those who persevere. Watch Aviticus Dragon's youtube series if you want to see this game in all its glory, the game lends itself so well to a narrrative that he's almost made a mini-series out of it.  You have base building, squad management, crafting, exploration, rpg elements and so much more. Its perhaps best described as a  cross between Rimworld and Mount and Blade. It is perhaps the most ambitious one man project I've ever seen and whilst it feels held together with duct tape at times it will often surprise you with the depth of some of the systems running beneath the surface.There are a number of different starting options, but all of them fling you into the world with little more than a loin-cloth. Everyone, and I mean everyone will tear you a new one and you're reduced to sneaking around and scavenging in the hope of finding a stick with which to defend yourself and more than once you'll find yourself beaten to a pulp and left for dead at the side of the road. No-one will help you. But every time you survive a kicking you will get stronger. Maybe you'll come across a similarly unfortunate unconscious vagabond and steal his stuff just as you've been looted so many times before. Once you have a few sticks you'll sell them and buy some food. Little by little you'll build up your stats and you finances, commit a few burglaries and finally have enough cash to hire another puny character to level up and help you in building your empire. Maybe you'll build a farm and sell the produce, maybe a mine with a small shack. As your humble retinue finally gains a foothold, builds some defensive walls, starts researching new tech you'll have your revenge on the  bandits who used to abuse you. But be careful, take on too strong a foe and your unconscious squad members will be captured by passing slavers and and you'll have to try to sneak into their base, pick the locks on their cages and rescue them, or worse they'll be taken by fogmen and eaten alive.Little by little you'll establish outposts, multiple squads, make your fortune and stride across the landscape looting, pillaging, trading, manufacturing, exploring ruins, waging war and exacting revenge upon those who had once treated you with contempt. You'll form alliances or feud with factions, and fence your stolen loot with the Shinobi thieves. Your humble settlement will grow into a town with specialist farmers, weavers, miners, medics and engineers and guards manning the walls with crossbows. They'll resupply your weary war-party when they return from another adventure, half starved, carrying their wounded  comrades with an ancient manuscript for you researcher, and some high grade equipment, the reward for a hard won battle with mechanical spiders. They'll be fed, their wounds treated as they rest in your hospital building then load out for another foray to capture a bandit king for his bounty or ride to the rescue of one of your less formidable squads bleeding out in the wilderness.This is an unbelievable game and there's nothing quite like it. If you're the sort of person for who gameplay is all and you can see past some of the rough edges and the steep learning curve, you can set your own goals and have a decent imagination, do yourself a favour and buy this game. Its due to have another large chunk of an already vast map released any day and its well on the way towards completion probably by next summer. I cannot recommend this game highly enough, its a masterpiece."
76561198126682370,Recommended,233860,33095280,Posted: 1 July,all,The Ghetto Man,"Kenshi, an UNDERATED VIDEO GAME. I swear, it is by far the most interesting, sand-box game I've played next to Skyrim. But to be honest, I prefer this game over Skyrim now (in my opinion), why?YOU CAN BUILD STRUCTURES! FORM A CLAN OF 50+ characters! A world without mercy!!! :)) And when I mean by ""A world without mercy""  Its not going to feed us a silver spoon and help us along the way like a parent teaching a child how to walk, this is more of like throwing your kid in the outside world once he/she's born! hahahahahaI gotta say,  the first time I played this, I was pretty CONFUSED and clueless BUT, the fact that I can pave my own path and story in this huge♥♥♥♥♥map filled with monsters, factions and bandits?! LOOK AT MT PLAYTIME! I've only covered 1/8 of a 1/4 of a map in those dozens of hours. And opponents here, OUTCLASS you, in both skill and in strength the MOMENT YOU START.Anyhow, I gotta give it to them too, active updates by the developers, and they listen, which is a very important factor and I will continue to support them in this very ambitous and amazing game :)"
76561197969753593,Recommended,233860,33109824,Posted: 1 July,all,Old man Stu,"Very hard to put into words how much I love this game.It reminds me a lot of Fallen Earth, but single player only. The world is huge right now but there is still half the map to add into the game, so it's going to be even hugerer.You can craft, steal, fight, trade, eat, sleep, attack anyone, take over towns and even build your own settlements - which you can populate with anyone you can hire including slaves if that's your thing.Do be warned, it is bloody hard at the start. You will get beaten up by pretty much anything that wants to fight you including goddamn goats. Bloody goats of all things. No, I didn't hget beaten up by goats. Shut up."
76561197986292536,Recommended,233860,29989772,Posted: 17 February,all,Gizmodio,"I love this game!I'd say Kenshi is a one of a kind, a bit of a niche game.. there are very few you can compare it to.The learning curve is steep, but the mountain top is not too high!Because it is a open world sandbox game you can play Kenshi in so many different waysEverything from being just a handful of very highly trained ninjas to a big warband of mercenaries, or perhaps you want to be a merchant, set up shop inside a city ? or build your very own city and bring trade to you!I have 140 hours on record all played with the same savegame and i consider myself having reached 'end game' if that term even applies to a game such as this :P and what I will say is there are end game features missing, such as proper diplomacy, ways of making your own actual faction/kingdom, waging war + the fact that only half the map is playable. So I feel like I am out of things to do on my current savegame because I am strong enough to assult cities and wiping them out, but it doesnt lead to alot currently..but trust me when I say the journey there was SO enjoyable I can't even.. and the devs do work on it and update it frequently adding in all these things that are missing!Very much reccomend this game!"
,Recommended,233860,25858533,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,NeT,"Brilliant game. When I bought this game quite a long time ago I had originally thought the developers had bitten off more than they could chew as the sandbox feel, and being able to do almost anything you want with AI reacting accordingly seemed ambitious, but its coming together now and they are pulling it off as promised. There are still a lot of things that need to be fixed but so far I am having a blast and am glad I re-installed the game to give it another go.Build a massive town, recruit people to help you run it efficiently and have them setup for certain tasks so you dont have to micro manage them. Steal, kill, kidnap, do whatever you like to get ahead. Just be cautios of the reprocutions of your actions. There isn't to much of a story line that I have found, but that doesn't really matter as you are essentially creating your own story. It seems as if only a 1/4 of the world is done and can be explored, but its big enough to keep you busy for quite some time. Once the other 3/4 are done it will take you quite some time to thouroughly explore all that the world has to offer. Setup your town almost anywhere, just can't set it up to close to another town. It seems like there are well over 100 different things you can build in your town, and that is not including the massive amount of things you can craft. Setup a shop and sell your wares to passers by even. If you are into well thought out sandbox RPG style games, you wont be dissapointed unless you are not someone who can get over little quirks.The Devs seem to be throwing in updates way more often than I remember and I think that had something to do with them changing engines or re-writting things back in the day which held them up. I am hoping they can get to more content and features soon, but am satisfied at the pace they are going as of now.Right now my character has a $23,000 bounty on his head, is hated by half the map, and I am loving it. It makes it challenging and then doesn't make me feel bad when I sneak up, knock someone out stealthy, take their stuff and throw them in a cage.I must say this game is a buy, and once it has been completed I would pay at least 2.5 as much as what the game is selling at now.Nice Job Devs!"
76561198062507341,Recommended,233860,30993508,Posted: 7 April,all,mrhugs,"Hi everyone,I don't have many experience with early access games but if only games supposed to be fully developped could be as complete as this one, I don't think I have ever been that satisfied with a game for a very long time,Kenshi is the perfect game if you like micro-management, personnalized gaming, and non-linear evolution.To me it feels like the Elders Scrolls, Age of Empire or Jagged Alliance were mixed into one big sand-box,The game itself is tough, which makes the building of your outpost or even a short trip with your weak team a challenging process but also gives the player a feeling of achievement, every move is at-risk, which explains why succeeding in creating an autonomic settlement is so gratifying.If you're tired of RPGs following a linear narration with predetermined characters reproducing repetetive actions over the same dungeons, then this game is made for you: personnalize every of your recruits (up to 256 with the current mods), their daily functioning (farming, working the mines, building, hunting, using cross-bows to guard your town, crafting, sneaking....), your settlements (many and many possibilities that will evolve through research), your equipements,  changing relationships with other factions according to your actions and background, random and various bands roaming , a large map with different landscapes and populations (already huge and half the map is still in development and will be hopefully accessible soon) including hidden places and several towns with racial specificities, ruins to visit and loot, a varying weather and its related effects on the gameplay, day and night shifts, numerous mods and recurrent updates, it would take a much longer review to explain every possibilities and factors included in that game, it's only my opinion but to me everything's here.Being a trader, a bandit, a slave (a slaver?), a ninja, a cannibal, a peaceful farmer, a lone scavenger, a tribal leader... it's up to you to do whatever you want with all this content,Sincerely, I would like to thank the developers for this amazing work, please keep going"
76561197993840520,Recommended,233860,31571470,Posted: 5 May,all,onymous,"The best managed, most frequently updated early access I've bought. Good world-building, so much content, really solid mechanics. Very open-world, high learning curve, sometimes punishing difficulty."
76561198105415730,Recommended,233860,9670560,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,dheller.ryan,Well worth the $$$. Loads of fun. Absolutely worth checking out.
,Recommended,233860,33131378,Posted: 2 July,all,Vandooz,"First of all, this game is hard to start on. Dont let it scare you because this game is worth it on the long run! It has workshop support and there are so cool mods.In short you can (for some things you have to grind a little):Recruit people to your party (name your own faction and put people in different groups)Be a lone wolf or join existing factions, or end up being a slaveHunt bountiesA choice of different way of combat and stealth is an optionBuild your own settlement(s). Farm, mine and craft your way to the top (a huge plus is that you can make your recruited men have several automated tasks)Explore (dangerious) lands to get your settlement better technology to build onTrain your men/army to withstand attacksSee your men grow in skills and craft better armour, weapons and machines for your factionSmuggle drugs and sell them for high pricesA workshop and an editor to make your own mods for your own playstyleAnd other things i yet do not knowThis game is a wonderful sandbox and it's one of the few games i truthly recommend, play your own way!"
,Recommended,233860,21018351,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Waah,
76561197998825243,Recommended,233860,24764476,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Jaxy,"I bought this game early Alpha on steam and from then up until now i have not once regretted that decision, I have played countless hours of the game and every time i pick it up to play/start a new game i find myself locked into the world of Kenshi for countless hours without realising just how much i need to get away from my PC. Since Beta the amount of content added has been amazing, the game has progressively gotten better without breaking away from what makes the game gorgeous.The game is immense in terms of how you can play it and what you can do within it, the quality of the content is in no way lacking and neither is the replayability because of it. Starting as a lone wanderer and deciding to build a town or village from which to build your own trade empire has such a wonderful feel to it as you slowly watch as your carefully maintained entourage survive and grow stronger.The only reason i cannot give this game 5 stars is because the game is of course in early access and thus prone to bugs, of which I have experienced none, and constant change. I find it exciting as more get's added, starting fresh never feels boring as every new game can be played wildly differently and watching my main character grow stronger, and with the combat your successfull battles actually feel thoroughly fulfilling, never seems to grow tiresome.I highly reccomend this game, it is not like most top down Sim/Rpg ish game's are and it's definitely tough to get a handle on at first but twice as rewarding once you start to understand the hidden beauty behind this game. Even down to the music and plentiful subtleties that can be found within the game, i found the experience and continued experience of playing this game to be unchangingly pleasant. Most definitely worth far more than they are asking for price wise."
76561198040623422,Recommended,233860,22319891,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,xx,"Kenshi Is a fantastic idea but is one of those gruesomely Beta/Alpha games that we all know steam to be a hub for.There is still alot of work to be done on stability (The experimental version is very prone to crashing) and aspects of the game are still in progress of being developed. So if you have a short temperament you may wish to wait till it's finished.That being said it's very difficult drawing yourself away for it. Creating your charaters from hair to feet then training them up in whatever respected fields you wish them to delve into from farming to swordplay to thievery . Beautifully thought out landscapes and structures to explore and the abusive bandits that wander there. Once you make enough of a living from selling your scraps to traders in towns, you can even build your own settlement from scrach and make a town of your own.Hopefully if and when the game is finished being fiddled with, this can be an amazing game giving players the full freedom every RPG deserves."
,Recommended,233860,32567159,Posted: 19 June,all,Neergmada,"Yes with an if and No with a butKenshi is an amazing game concept. The large open world space, factions, crafting and combat make it a game distinctly geared towards roleplay. Your squad ceases to be you with one or two AI driven companions in this game and instead becomes and extension of your roleplaying experience.That said, there is still a lot to be desired in this game. It is not for faint hearted computers and does demand a lot of the hardware it runs on. It is deceptively detailed, something in all games that is both a blessing and a curse.It compares in some ways to that of the old MMORPG Star Wars Galaxies, the vast array of different roles, crafting and base building mechanics means it's not some linear RPG telling a story, but rather an adaptive, somewhat tempramental RPG telling your story.If development were to stop today, I would still play this game once in a while, for the sheer nostalgia alone, but it's draw is the promise of even more depth, complexity and possibilities to come. This game is an investment in a game which is slowly changing, rather than a one of purchase for a game that will remain the same without you purchasing additional DLC, hence I put it to you, that the smart money is spent here. On an experience that isn't a one time thing"
76561197989754152,Not Recommended,233860,9482356,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,gavb120,"This game is a very interesting concept, hence why I bought it, its even fun to play for a while untill the content quickly runs out. This is fine as its an alpha, however, updates come verrrrry slowly on this, its taken more than a year to get to this point. I appreciate that this is a small dev team (1 guy?) but people should know that it will (based on current trends) take years for this game to finish, if ever, by which point you will most likely be playing something else as you will have done this to death."
,Recommended,233860,29834995,Posted: 10 February,all,McDoosh,This game is horrible....I can't seem to play it for 10 mins.....I have an addiction lol
76561198057983481,Recommended,233860,31265895,Posted: 20 April,all,TheCuriousToad,"So, I've only played Kenshi for a few hours so far and I will be honest it's been a strangely lovely experience. I have felt more immersed in this unusual game with graphics that remind me of the original dungeon siege games than Pillars of Eternity or Dragon Age, games designed just for that. I can't tell anyone what the progression will be like but I can tell the little story I've already created in my head from just a few hours has been, which made me laugh out loud and have to retell it to my girlfriend.I begun my adventure in a waypoint, barely able to comprehend the floor system and feeling completely useless and daunted. No one wanted to speak to me, there are very few npc's around who have dialogue except barman, potential companions and traders. I was unsure what to do; there are no quests, only a few tutorials to help guide you. I figured I should buy a water jug and saw another town on the horizon. Why not travel there, explore the lands and see what is offered. Kenshi is huge, you have to use the speed up options to cross these great canyons and deserts. I spent my first day travelling to the closest town I could see, which was actually an abandoned town with no one in it. However there was a copper ore vein, so I mined it. I had a dream of becoming a wandering swordsman, but this felt distant and mining was the first interactable thing I could do, so why not? Maybe I could sell the ore and buy a sword instead of this wooden club? Turns out swords are insanely expensive so maybe not.I tried to run back to the town where I started, but realised I was lost (I have later discovered that if you zoom into the map, more places are visable, duh) and found some bandits instead, waiting on the road. There was at least 20 of them, I was no match I knew it so I gave them 300 gold. Then, I had the option to talk to some of the bandits. Maybe they were friendly bandits now? I spoke to him, he demanded that I gave him 300 gold. Apparently not friendly then, I am a naive surviver of the apocalypse. I declined, as my money was already running short so he attacked me. So I ran. Apparently, that is something I am good at. I quickly out ran them, found another copper vein and mined a little more. I was getting better at mining at least.I explored, ran away from more bandits and mined a little more, selling some ore for food and a sleeping bag. Some hungry bandits chased me but luckily a group of slavers were there to help me out, defeat all the bandits with my assistance. Suddenly I had a t shirt, some terrible bandit gear to sell and things were looking good. The slavers looked preocuppied and I noticed they were picking up the unconscious bandits. I guess they were named slavers for a reason, but they wern't interested in me so I decided to carry on. I bandaged myself up but had a horrible limp but felt victorious and hopeful, I was progressing and had my first set of 'better' items.Eventually, I found the shek capital. In the bar their was a shek girl with broken horns. She asked me what I thought about fighting to the death, and I instantly decided to lie and said that is exactly what I would do and that I would never run when outnumbered. She wanted to join me (for free), and even though I still dreamt of becoming a lone swordsman, at least to begin with I could get the help of this shek women. We trained for a while with some training dummies, I had melee attack skill to 10. I felt ready to take on anyone. We left town and saw a tech trader walking down the road. It's time to test out our new skills, let's attack! At exactly the same time, 10 hungry bandits joined in the fight. The lone trader was armed with a katana and ruined us and all the bandits, leaving us all unconscious. I am not ready to be a lone swordsman yet it seems, but I suddenly wanted to be like him. When we woke, we took everything from the bandits (a cleaver, finally a better weapon), heal up and as it turned out, mine some more.On our way back to the shek capital yet MORE bandits attacked us. Spurred on by the lie I had told my companion, we decided to stand our group, outnumbered 6 to 1. Naturally, we were oblitterated. The same hero slavers who had saved me earlier in the game walked past, spyed us and heroicly destroyed these pesky bandits. Amazing, I love slavers. However, this time, we were the ones picked up. When we recovered enough to walk, we tried to limp away. Nope. The slavers came to us, knocked us both into COMAS and started walking towards the hub. COMAS. They dropped me on the ground, bored of carrying me I guess, just outside the shek city where I lay in a COMA for another 12 hours recovering from a stomach injury. My companion was halfway to the hub now. When I woke up, I picked my shackles, and stumbled into town to heal. In my hurry, I forgot to actually take off the shackles and the guards preceeded to knock me out into ANOTHER coma and put me in a jailcell. My companion was dumped on the road just south of the hub by these lazy, devious slavers who like to steal people and dump them randomly in the desert in comas. When she woke up she ran/limped back to come save me.She was sensible enough to take off her shackles and went to town to resupply when I bravely tried to escape the cell. Which took ages. She then proceeded to sneak to the guardhouse in the dead of night and wait for me to escape. It was 5.50am, almost dawn when I succeded. But how were we to escape? I was wanted by the entire city. But she wasn't. So she picked me up, slung me over her shoulder and ran out of town as an unsuspecting shek citizen. We ran to the nearest hill, shared a sleeping bag taking it in turns to rest up while the other mined (I was getting pretty good at mining). We had escaped, now we just had to avoid large settlements and mine and sell ore. I had a new dream now. No longer did I want to be a lone swordsman. I wanted my own group of companions. I was tired of being attacked by bandits and slavers, left in comas on the floor and then beaten up by alien guards and thrown into jail with my second coma of the day. I decided I would become a bandit myself. Suddenly, I had a plan...Never has a game made me subconsciously narrated such an indepth story in such a short time, especially without barely any dialogue. And thats why, even though I don't know if the game will be good or bad in the long run, it doesnt matter because of those first 4 hours."
76561198004192701,Recommended,233860,22909319,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,123,"155 hours of play and climbing, this game is a great combination of player punishment and self driver objective gameplay. Do I want to farm? Do I want to fight? how do I know I'll even survie this fight? que the lone medic picking up their kin from the floor and dusting them off before the scavengers arrive. Such a great game but not recommended for people used to being spoon fed virtual achievements. This game is a slow crawl to the mountain top, clenching your teeth the whole journey, only to know that one mistake will throw you back down again."
,Recommended,233860,20016770,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,The Misanthropic Lord,I've actually created a video for this game if anyone is interested in viewing it. It is more of a collections of musings and my thoughts on the game as well as whether I think the game is worth the purchase. In the video I say 15 dollars when the actual price is 20. My recommendation still stands. Watch it if you want and let me know if you agree!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JAJYN9wBrLo
76561198024922652,Recommended,233860,12094743,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Orgitazm,"This has the potential to become my favourite game, when its finished it probably will be."
76561198025401144,Recommended,233860,11175492,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Aedensin,Best walking simulator.
,Recommended,233860,14875648,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Mr.,"This game provides all the elements I look for in a game if any of the following apply to you, you will enjoy this.1. Micromanagement; As your group grows the functions for each grow and multi tasking stays fresh, you wont go long before a bandit attack. There's always work to do, training to be done the tasks never end. Making your party run laps in their precious down time, training your combat skills on captured prisoners, producing gear or buildind/researching the list goes on.2.RPG; Each character has its own stats, the time it takes to get anything to level 20+ is abit time consuming, but it gives a sense of satisfaction as you make another character a mighty warrior in the wasteland.3.City Building; Build your own city! it takes time, but building your own utopia complete with shops, workshops, homes, outposts, defense walls, mounted crossbows, the only limit is how long your willing to spend preparing your characters for the coming construction.4.Crafting; At first its more about gathering gear from fallen foe's outside the city gates, but once you begin teching and producing your own gear, a high quality katana compared to a rusty one is a beautiful sight, you can also produce all the raw materials needed for self preservation which is tougher, but for some more rewarding.5.Diplomacy; Want to be friends with a certain group of bandits? Heal some of their fallen kin, eventually they will stop attacking you and come to your aide. (This takes time, I also assume in the future there will be many diplomatic aspects, but have yet to be added).6.Permanent Death; Think your starter character is a badass? wrong. Each unit becomes precious, you grow attatched as they become valueable, and then at the worst moment a critical strike leaves them stranded far from a safe location, too far to carry safely without a character with strength above 30... you keep watching hoping the bleeding stops and he'll enter a recovery coma but no his status switches to ""dying"" and you panic, time to decide if your capable enough to make the rescue, because even if you are, a large enough band of bandits/cannibals could strike you all down, and end your game. (Also note, the cannibals will take your people prisoner and amount of time you have to wait for a distraction is FOREVER, but its great).7.Travel/Relocation; Making it town to town in the begining is thrilling, as your group grows and you safely reach each destination, perhaps traveling with a caravan or a squad of UC/HO troops for safety, or braving the journey alone it's deadly every time. Also, the town you're in could be overrun. (I've seen it happen twice lol)8.Huge Replay Value; Start in a new town, new conditions, different starting squad, death at the start, who knows? The randomness is astounding, you could find ""wingman"" at the start, walk out near ""Shark"" and get hacked to piece by roaming sand ninja.You've read enough. Buy it, before it gets better and you feel like an idiot for not have gotten it sooner."
,Recommended,233860,31997115,Posted: 27 May,all,LeafNinjaPanda,"I bought this game 4 years ago.... and couldn't run it. But now I can lone behold and if you want to know if its worth picking up then yes, If you want a comedic breakdown of my experience then keep reading.-Creates a robot character-Realises everyones racist towards robots and repair kits to fix my parts are expensive and normal first aid kits dont work.-Decide robots are a bit too hardcore for me at this moment in time-Creates an alien(hive) character-People are still racist-Mines for 45mins-1h to get some cash-Goes to a big city primarily made up of another race-Breaks into a weapon shop at night-Steals 4 huge swords, some tools and a dried fish-Gets away with it-Sees a fight outside the city-steals all the loot that the ""good guys"" spent fighting for-I now have full armour-recruits a new member for my group from a bar-Now the adventure begins."
,Recommended,233860,18906049,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,lies,"Bought it yesterday for $20 now its $14 ♥♥♥♥ you steam,now about my review,this game is amazeballs! i love it i definitely recommend this game! you can start you own base,you have diffrent variety of roles you can as! even though there are some bugs its still awesome! i might write a diffrent review once i reach 25+ hours and tell you about it :)"
,Recommended,233860,15414501,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,ZKDesign,"I played this game for over a year on Desura before it came to Steam and let me just say, if you're looking for a fun tactical-strategy-rpg-citybuilding extravaganza, look no further. Kenshi has the most open playability of any game I've played since Ultima Online. If you want to develop a trading outpost into a bustling town, you can. If you just want to be a bunch of nomad bandits, have at it!Pros-Such Depth! Much Fun!-Deep Character Progression-Develop your faction into whatever you want from honored to infamous and enjoy the faction effects it has toward every other group in the game.-Awesome Music, but it gets a little repetitive after hours.-Fun Crafting and Construction System!Cons-There's a bit of a learning curve and-Unrealistic combat. The best way to grind skills is to walk fights and just kite the enemies to a town to level up your fighting which gets monotonous and doesn't make any sense. Were I a bandit, I doubt I would chase some nobodies to my doom, but that's just me."
,Recommended,233860,7977220,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,[M.D.] Dark Schneider,"Samurai's, Ninja's, Bandits, base building, character creating/editing, sand, even more sand, how does this not sound like a good game? Get it now, while its cheap since it's still in alpha. It's worth all the money in the world."
,Recommended,233860,12852209,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Dominating David,Every time I take a break and come back to this game it is always better. Simply no other game is like Kenshi.
76561198030887751,Not Recommended,233860,21006645,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Agresivo,"Interesting game mechanics, but quickly falls short the moment you start building or you progress in the game. Cities get empty and your own lacks of purpose. Too much micromanagement with lack of rewards. The game is still far from complete, so I would advise to wait until a future, more complete game."
,Recommended,233860,18795144,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,punkdanny182,"This game is clearly still in it's alpha stage and yet it's incredibly fun.  The massive amount of freedom to do what you want and build your own empire is great.  I can't wait to see what all the final game is going to allow us to do.  I can easily see spending 100+ hours playing this before it's even completed.  Definitely worth the money if you like RPGs, base building and any kind of strategy games.  This game mixes so many elements and does such a great job at it.  Keep up the good work!"
,Not Recommended,233860,15412812,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Khemsa,"(17 April 2015)This is an early access review, i will update it later if/when things change.I bought this game year and half ago and updates have been few and far between. I would advice caution as it's clear that the game still has a long way to go and doesn't seem to get there anytime soon.It's not a bad game, it has potential, but in it's current state i can't recommend it to anyone.(21 December 2016)Still in early access with no end in sight. Game looks like♥♥♥♥♥while running silky smooth 18fps."
,Recommended,233860,18258677,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Whore Kitteh,">In town>Buying armor>Guards fighting 'beaky thing'>Help guards>Knocked unconcious>Slavers walk into town>My boots are stolen, shackles then attatched on my ankles>Slaver carries me to Police Station>Sell me to police>Cops give no ♥♥♥♥s that I just helped them/was just kidnapped> 9.5/10 - IGN"
,Recommended,233860,10344301,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,flower.,I only bought this because it has my name.10/10
76561198011999903,Recommended,233860,25956480,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Harry Collier,"It was a loooong time ago that I bough kenshi, when all characters we hairless, and the world was one big desert. There have been times when the game has been completely unplayable, bugs, glitches, crashes and low frame rates. Happily the game moves ever forward and gets better and better. That's not to to say there aren't still bugs and gliches, there are (I'm writing this review right after the game crashed to desktop), but honestly those problems don't stop this from being one of my favorite games of all time. The main hook for me is how you can create so many different stories with your character, a soldier, trader, thief, lord of your own settlement all starting from a nobody who gets beaten up and left for dead by everybody. I have a real emotional attachment to my characters, we have been through a lot in the 135 hours together. Honestly, I recomend this game to anyone who likes creating their own stories, RPG sandbox world and really some of the most entertaining fights ever."
76561197981005048,Recommended,233860,24124231,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,aubreymal,"108 hours later. Its a slow start, it lacks depth and purpose. But i just have to find out whats over the next ridge. Theres that other tech i want to set up. My base could use a little refit. How about a raid on the big tough guys. And hopefully everyone makes it back alive. Probably not.Lots of poetential. LOADS of potential."
76561198039532140,Recommended,233860,32478395,Posted: 16 June,all,UofMTigerFan,"Kenshi is something that you don't see very often. In a way, it can be called ""You are not special: the game.""Given a few starting options and an admittedly pretty hilarious character customization, where the face isn't what you work on, but instead deciding how buff or hunchback you want to be, you're thrust into an apocalyptic world where half the things want to kill you, even more if you're not human, a quarter wants to enslave you, and the last handful of people couldn't care less unless you've got some cash on you.Through the most rigorous training exercises of being beaten up by starving farmers and carrying rocks for days on end, I trained up Shortstoat the soldier to be a buff and mean man. Swords no longer hurt him and he can carry one thousand pounds and still run. Yet he's still nothing on his own.You need to put time and effort into learning this game, but the payoff will be very worth it. You can create anything you want, you could be an adventurer, you could create a city, or you can make an empire. Drug smuggling, sword fighting, farming, mining, all different professions you can do if you're willing to do the grind."
,Recommended,233860,24877866,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Papermodel,"Adventure, survival, RPG, we’ve all seen it before; no matter how many times a game promises that you will forge your own adventure, there seems to be only one effective way to play and one ultimate end where you have max-stats and all the rarest weapons. What if there was a game where you actually had options and could have your own adventure, where there are so many ways of getting through every challenge you face and so many ways to recover from such that in simply travelling from one town to another can end up with you making lasting fun memories and maybe some lasting great enemies?Like that time I was heading though a desert valley, got spotted by wild dogs who started to chase me, I ran as fast as I could and ducked into a shack at the nearby farm. The Dogs were distracted by the cattle which they attacked and brought down. The farmer and his family came out to try and fend off the dogs, I ran out to help but we were overrun as more dogs came. We were all knocked out from our wounds in the battle, I awoke later and did what I could to bandage myself and the dying farmer’s family but it was no use, the dogs came back almost immediately so I retreated to the shack and closed the door. When all was said and done I was the only survivor, I collected what supplies I could and snuck away as cautiously as possible. To this day the farm is a ghost town with an eerie lack of life, shrouded in the memory of that fateful day…Yes this game has bugs, the AI pathing is ludicrous and optimization is questionable, there are many features that are missing and seem to create holes in gameplay but never-the-less in its current state it is still bar none the best roleplay and best adventure game I have ever seen. There’s potential around every bend and every time you close out the game it’s a cliff hanger you just can’t wait to see resolved, if you are looking for an adventure game where the decisions you make don’t just put you closer to an ultimate end but rather shape your character and the world around you alike, then this game is well worth the $20…"
76561198383231853,Recommended,233860,32540154,Posted: 18 June,all,knivesareformelons,I have dumped enough hours in to this game to say that it is a brilliant survival game that is not easy by any means. This is for the type of person that can read between the lines of dialogue and make your own story. This will take me probably months to finish if I ever even find what it is I am looking for. Currently I am a fishing mogul. Who needs ore and bounties when you have self-sufficiency?
76561198050355612,Recommended,233860,8129233,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Hannibal Cannibal,"Even if it's still in an early release stage and has much more to go...this game gets twenty stubby little toes and fingers up from me.  It is extremely addicting, fun, and has some of the best default names I've ever seen.  Plus, who wouldn't want to be King Streak?  Lord of Dalic, King Beside the Mountain?"
,Recommended,233860,8361668,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,лиакоураc,"Bought this game during summer.I have to say I was really suprised with the job ONE person did.This game is the game I sought a lot of time.Even though its in Early access it's a really well build game.I have played it 30+ hours and I will keep it at it waiting for a new version that will offer less crashes,although when I bought it I knew there will be bugs and crashes so the reason was that I wanted to support this game with the ideal of becoming an ultimate RPG."
76561198009348905,Recommended,233860,8161653,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Ycraes,"This is the most imaginative game I've played in awhile. The squad based combat and life has so many different levels of wonderful its sickening, Starting as a lone wolf in a world that will eat you alive, then you end up with small squads that feels reminicent of the old school rpgs , then you get to the point of 10s of ppl fighting in giant mobs and you start biting ur nails hoping you geared your ppl correctly.... I love this game... Sooooo friggen much.....and its not even a complete work.... it makes me kinda dissapointed in the high fi gaming industry...."
,Recommended,233860,10060039,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Solam,"Very nice game .. I will put my nots with rating..The Good:- You can customize your charactar. 8\10 still must have more ..- You are not hero, you must prove yourself. 10\10- You can build house, town and hire people with you. 10\10- Battle is awosome.- Trading amazing. 10\10- State as like skills and profisional. 10\10The Bad:- Still in devlopment !!. but playable and very fun .."
,Recommended,233860,26857864,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TSC][KerLod,"I found this game about 2 years ago, which at the time seemed very promising; glad to say it has more than fullfilled that expectation.Without describing anything much about the game's universe, it basically does what it says on the proverbial tin.As it is now, you've got several scenario's to start with. Each has it's pros and cons, but in the end, no one is gonna take care off you. Starving? Deal with it. Bleeding out? Shouldn't have messed with those 'lowly' hungry bandits, dogs, ...Being eaten by cannibals? Oh yes, the game has those as well.Without divulging too much, this game simply will not hold your hand. It'll provide some tutorials which explain the basics behind some game mechanics, but that is it. How you go about your business, whether it be surviving, building your own outpost, making a name for yourself(Really??!! In this game??!!), ... It's all up to you.Now I know this game won't be for just anyone, but if you do get this game? Stick with it. In the beginning you'll get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked perhaps more than you'd like, your dudes and dudettes can actually die ... Anyways, after a while, the game will grow on you. Once you start figuring things out, sky's the limit, as long as the game allows it, that is."
76561198158716464,Recommended,233860,29851475,Posted: 11 February,all,antoine.dessinascout,"Where to begin ?I've bought kenshi loving the kind of universe it offers (samurai, desert and post apocalypse, count me in just for the heck of it), and the promises it makes.Even though it still is in beta and is expected not to deliver on all aspects a game this ambitious takes into account, Kenshi does a fantastic job so far.I will go through a somewhat thorough description, so if you want all my pros and cons, just skip ahead to the pros and cons at the end of my review1) It is absolutely gorgeous, all in all, environments and biomes are fantastic to wander in and discover. Also your characters can be created beautiful or ugly, straight or broken, and all the same believable. You can also zoom in or out insanely, pause your game, rotate your camera around at any time, and watching your character paused while delivering a huge knee hit at any view angle, kicking asses and taking names is somewhat exilarating considering how hard the game is whe you begin with the ""rock bottom"" background.2) The game is also very challenging even when you know its mecanics. It doesn't hold your hand, lets you be taken into slavery,and I discovered to my great demise the hardship of having women squad members in the holy nation territory. For once (save for the demon souls / dark souls series) a game is truly unforgiving, and at the same time really rewarding. The areas you couldn't get to before because of their inherent hardship hold many secrets and loots, the first one being the discovery of the world itself (yes, it is that beautiful and engaging) , trying to make the history of the world out of the lore, the stories you hear or read, or even a faction name.3) The map (as far as version 0.95.11 goes) is HUMONGOUS, and it is even not half of the final intended map. I can't wait to get my mitts on the next piece of it. Con for a map this size so far is that it feels a bit empty for now, but if you go to the kenshi trello, you can see that there are still many improvements to come, (which I won't cover here, go check it for yourself) and that this game is destined to get fuller and fuller as updates come to be.4) Squad management is rewarding, as well, and you can easily specialize squads in all the different gameplays the game can offer, from brutal combats with consequences to day-to-day hunger, items creation, trading management. The downside is that you also feel sometimes a bit limited in this ""lite strategy game"" mecanic (and as a caesar 3 or AoE 2 fan, I easily want more of it, even though it is not this game's objective) .5) You can create anything, as long as you get your hands on the recipe or blueprint.So Hell Yeah Edge Type Weapons. Con not all blueprints available, and the artifact system feels sometimes restraining. For now. 'Cuz the map is not yet completeThe artifact system : each playthrough you get to have with each new update you decide to play and import a previous play onto lets you have a different experience than the previous one : you get all the same locations, but not all the same items.6) consequences of your acts are true, and I feel somewhat happy when I break the previous bounty record on one of my characters headincluding the Bugmaster's.PROS :- So far so good, it has taken me more than a hundred hours (and many more to come with each upcoming updates)- Total Freedom of action- HUGE map- Many factions- you create your own story- continuous open world- The Squad system and its management- Impressive and complex gameplay mecanics and intense close combat system- A world with consequences (to a certain extent, the world itself is a consequence of a previous catastrophe)- Gorgeous and sexy- You make your own story- many items- there is always a solution to your problem- unforgiving- Early access (it is so complete so far that you still feel you're playing a complete game with free DLCs coming up every now and then)CONS:- Early access (you feel sometimes frustrated with the absence of things yet to come)- The map is so huge it feels sometimes empty (yet to hell with that, it is supposed to be a sarce wasteland and a freaking desert)- You can't truly choose a faction, or become its boss, safe for your own, and opposite faction are not enough of a threat past a certain point.- Still a lack of lore, quests, and multiple Choices story scripts (but I guess in a game this complete, it will come last)- no claustrophobic dungeons with ancient freakin' horrors and freakin' loot inside- No (or not yet) freakin' large army and combat system- there is always a solution to your problem- not enough items considered it is a world with a past rich enough to have robots roaming the wastes- not unforgiving enough past a certain point (at some point every character becomes a bit overkill, can take down complete ennemy squads, and the lack of diplomacy makes the consequences less of a challenge since the factions get so weak)"
76561197970809800,Recommended,233860,29655617,Posted: 2 February,all,EmptyVoid,"Went on a solo run with my main character to explore.Found a sweet old armoury with so much loot...heavy♥♥♥♥♥loot.Got greedy and decided to take as much as possible.Crap...encumbrance at 80 percent. Slow♥♥♥♥♥running.This is when the death march back to civilization began.Spiders, spiders everywhere. Took out the first few groups and bandaged up but began to get more and more beat up.Group of 8 spiders got me. Knocked me out and crippled my leg.Didn't die! Woke up but now even walk slower with crippled leg.Crippled leg and crazy amount of loot in inventory. I will not give up any loot. Too greedy. Keep walking at snails pace.Spiders again. Knocked out. Wake up. Spiders again. Knocked out. Wake up. This is my death march.Happens a dozen times and then i realize that i left all my food at the armoury to make room for more loot.So now I'm starting starve to top it off. Still a long way from civilization. Damn spiders.No fabric to make bed to sleep and heal. Starvation issue becoming more dire. So much amazing loot in backpack.No slavers around. No cannibals around. I might be ok.I am a walking living treasure chest for whoever decides to beat me up and steal all my glorious loot.Watch distance to town get smaller, as well as my stomach. Can i make it before i starve or run into slavers?Roll into town about 20 points away from death. Skinny as hell. Eat glorious meatwraps.Sell loot i dont want. Profit from deathmarch? Almost 175 grand. Greed paid off.Would death march all over again.One of my many adventures. Love this game. Support it. Buy it. Damn spiders."
76561198009382852,Recommended,233860,24897336,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,varacalli,"Quite honestly one of the best games i have in my game library. want to quest by yourself, you can in this game. want to gather companions for questing and trading? you can. want to build a small town? you can. want to build a city and then take your army against another faction? you can. I cant wait for the full release of this game, but even in this stage it is an amazing game.10/10"
,Recommended,233860,8325411,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,GopherforceMO,"I have been following Kenshi for around three years now. It has grown from very basic mechanics and framework, to this very ambitious and well deserving piece of RPG interpretation. The sky is limited on what you can do now. However, the creator has been able to utilize a team to help him create the game he wants. Key features include free roaming, base building, character development and many more mechanics that make Kenshi great but also set it apart from the rest of the crowd. It has the environment and finesse that allows you to craft your own story in a very unique and different setting than a traditional RPG. It's easily the embodiment of everything a die-hard RPG fan would want to play. It's probably the Sienfeld of RPG's."
76561197993305370,Recommended,233860,22218848,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,fettzwerg,"It's ugly, its buggy, its hard and I doubt it will ever be finished or even completely stable, but boy is it fun!So you start as a guy who can't kill anything. Not even a single dog or cannibal armed with a stick. But that's out of the question anyway since they always roam in packs. The only thing you can do is try to bring the different factions to kill each other off so you can plunder the remains. But even that is difficult since you can't carry much. So you buy your first backpack and coninue to loot. After a whilte you get a 2nd looser to help you carry your stuff and some time later you can afford your first warriors and equip your people with the better stuff you find. At some point you dare to take you first fight and if you win, you have to carry half you party to the next city to heal. But with every fight your people get more hardy since their stats increase while using them. Finally you decide to found an outpost in an fertile valley or on the top of an ore-rich hill and you'll have to defend it against roaming bandits and wild animals. And as your settlement grows and your fighters are shaped into an military elite you get an feeling of acomplishment like no other!A small warning: if you can't stand bugs and broken save-games keep clear of this game.If you like a post-apocalyptic setting with a touch of feudal Japan, an intense survival oriented rpg-stile and complex (but  still very buggy) settlement-building, this game is definately worth a try."
76561197998627253,Recommended,233860,22221801,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Ç | Hanukkah,I adore this game I found it through splattercat on youtube years ago and I can't wait for every new patch and this newest patch with the map update has just made the game infintecimally better the only real problem I find with this game is the plethora of bugs I seem to expect a crash during my playtime instead of focusing on the game and enjoying it. If they just fixed the crashes then this game would be my #1 favorite game in the world.
76561198053864575,Recommended,233860,33985407,Posted: 2 August,all,Hiloglenn,"This game is awesome. everything i love about this game sounds like a detriment, but in actuality these all combine to make this work of art.There is no story.but the depth and meticulous nature of the wolrd design leaves me bonded with my characters. I feel their pain of being injured and alone far from home, and their joy when they stumble onto some pre catastrophe ruin.Your character is very weak.yes, in the beginning, you just run and run. But nothing can compare to  the thrill of outrunning a group of slavers, or dropping into sneak mode to avoid a rampaging beast.The map is vast and empty.It is empty where it needs to be. I grew up near the deserts of death valley, and this game captures the feel of these wide open vistas. In Kenshi, these empty spaces are punctuated with interesting ruins or towns. and each region of the map has distinct and well thought out cratures and factions.I highly recommend this game."
76561198131872666,Recommended,233860,10056442,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,gmanog1989,Awesome Game absolutly love it ultimate sandbox rpg experience still slightly buggy but its still along way for finished hours can be blown playing this game and you wont even realise it XD 10/10 well done guys
,Recommended,233860,25626666,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,duruthegn,"Saw this game featured in recommendations for several of my favorite games and some i have been following the development of for a while. I decided to give it a shot after reading comments on the atmosphere and music. Once installed i was quickly transported to a world of desperation and brutality. The learning curve is a bit intense, but the freedom granted by getting the gist of the smallest game functions grants enough reward that i think it could appeal to a fairly large portion of the gaming community.As mentioned in other reviews, there is no story, there is no goal, and there is no point to survival other than those goals that you set for yourself. There is a potentially high true roleplay factor generated by the simple fact that each sect has its own set of rules and laws, You can either conform or reject, you can fight or flee, you can walk a fine line or separate yourself from ""society"" completely. Any play style can reap its own set of rewards and the replayability factor is very high.The negatives seem to all be the typical early access flaws, mainly in fine tuning a few lag issues, some buggy behavior in the town generation every so often (two builds of mine so far produced nothing but destroyed/abandoned towns and farms). There have been a few strange bugs involving theft and whatnot but nothing unmanageable or repeating on reload.If you are a fan of open world games, and NWN style squad based games, Use based skill leveling, base building etc... give this a shot. I don't have any regrets with the current price and am looking forward to being done with this review so i can play some more."
76561198039801449,Recommended,233860,26530026,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,djvanryan,"1st Time trying this game I went in with no expecations.Chose the most basic normal scenario. Wanderer I think.I wake up in a village.After looking around trying to figure out wtf is happening and getting a feel for how to walk around, I mustered enough courage to leave my little village and try building a shelter down by the river.Built my shelterAdded lights and♥♥♥♥♥♥Man, I'm going to have a huge kingdom in no time.This is easy, I don't know what all these reviewers are talking about.Got hungry, ... damn I need to build a farm or someething.I need Greenfood to build a farm?Looked around saw a big city out in the distance, I'll just go there and get some.Ran to the city in the middle of the night and got lost.Where the fk is the store?Found myself soon in a room full of soldiers sleeping in bedsSaw some practice dummies so I took my sword and started beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it.Then the soldiers started yelling at me telling me I can't use that!These guys seem really tough so I decided to get my♥♥♥♥♥out of there before I got myself into trouble.Finally found a guy in a bar that was willing to sell me some greenfruit and was starting my journey home, thinkin' what a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥runnung around. Too easy, right?I started to get cocky and ran up to one of them and asked him for a joint.He said that wasn't tolerated here and basically knocked my♥♥♥♥♥out.Watched my limp body get dragged into a dark castleLaying in a bird cage, unconscious.Apparently Marijuana is illegal here! I thought we legalized that♥♥♥♥♥♥Gained consciousnesswaited for the guard to walk awaybroke outRan my♥♥♥♥♥around the valley with 20 dudes chasing meThey finally give up and I walk home all traumatizedBuilt my farm and welldamn son I'm a badass nobody can stop me.wait... where is my backpack I left it hereStolen, wtf?? Who stole my backpack?!Building materials were all gone.Went back to the city after my bounty expired to look for supplies.Got lost againEnded up in a woman's house and she told me the Inn was a great place to stay the night.wtf?! ok?I walk out and I hear a soldier yell ""TRESSPASSER!!""I get chased down by an army of soldiersThey tackle me and knock me the fk out!Sitting in a bird cage in a comaI'm writing this message to you while I'm in a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥coma and this is the other reality I'm experiencing while in a coma!wtf... *blank stare*"
76561198025411387,Recommended,233860,28560885,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,aureus90,"The world of Kenshi is slowly coming to life and what a beautiful, fun and angry world it is. The makers of Kenshi have set their sights higher than I originally expected when I first seen this game a few years ago and I'm just loving every single detail that gets added. Rrecently I've been slaughtering the strange fogmen and getting eaten alive by beak things while looking for a great place to set up my base. Not easy when some of the best spots are filled with things that want you dead.If you like post apocolyptic worlds and samuari style combat wraped around a squad based rpg and crafting system take a closer look. If you also have an imagination some patience to enjoy watching a wonderful game develop download now.It's also a bit like the movie Steel Dawn. Anyone old enough to remember that?"
,Recommended,233860,21015852,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,A 12 Gauge Shell,"Defiantly a slow paced game, it's not gonna be for everyone but once you really get into the game it's pretty amazing. The devs try to update the game as soon as possible whilst still putting out great content."
76561198073328205,Recommended,233860,22100342,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Master Mutaito,"This game has a remarkable about of potential. The progress has been slow, regretably, but is  the only game in my steam library I am consistently anxious for every new update.I play the experimental version, the buggier version, just to see whats new.AND theres slavery."
76561198087525743,Recommended,233860,21677096,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,LostPotato,Started out with one man. Recruited a partner before leaving town. Instantly beaten by bandits and then captured canibals. One man escaped and managed to amke it to the nearest town. I had to watch my original character be carried away. That is until a flock of giant beak things riped apart the entire pack of canibals. My character wakes up from his coma and meets up with his partner only to both be knocked out by the next passing groups of bandits -_-After more time spent i managed to set up a base of operations between two cities and have runners who constantly bring supplies. We have six people and still barely can defend ourselves so we were all forced into slavery by a traders guild. All six of my people -_- I watched as my best warrior bled out while being carried across the desert i managed to escape with all of my characters and hide them until everyone forgot. Now i live cautiously slowly building up my people in preperation to start the biggest slaving industry i can.I love playing this game!!!
76561198006832926,Recommended,233860,20578694,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,PLAYER1,This game is a gem and it's not even done yet :D 10/10 cant wait to see what's to come
,Recommended,233860,31097884,Posted: 12 April,all,Max Pafco,"DISCLAIMER: I am fairly critical of games and originally had a negative view on this one; I have changed my view after thorough review. The negatives of this game can simply be summed up to technical (early access) issues and the fact that this game type will certainly not appeal to some gamers.I purchased this game awhile back and, upon starting it up, felt as if I had opened a chunky book on advanced quantum theory and Karl Marx's volumes of his work ""Capital"", and proceeded to read them at the same time. This work of art is an unforgiving delight and I regret none of the hours developing my faction, ""Max's Legion"".In a nutshell, you will accumulate squad members (if you want), level them up, build a base, start fighting bandits, move up to swamp ninjas, maybe venture to cannibal territory, and ultimately cash in the exorbitant bounty on the Bugmaster and his army of Starship Trooperesque spiders. That's just one way to play, as you could easily just buy the game's equivalent to an ox and shuffle trade goods back and forth as a merchant, and so on. Of course, the game has limitations like substantive dialogue and ""missions"" being relatively absent, which are constantly being added.So, if the have the time and funds, I would recommend this game; this is especially true as the game is polished into an even shinier diamond over time. Enjoy."
76561198054145648,Recommended,233860,19200132,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,livenwealth,"I've had Kenshi for some 3 years now and its an early access buggy mess; to caveat there simply isn't another game that gives a more novel unique experience.  Build a base and get REKT by passing bandits even starving ones, watch those very same bandits get literally torn apart by a sand ninja or pack of dogs.  All the while my people are limping to a safe house to recover.  I enjoy this game just be sure to be saving regularly or you risk being set back either by bugs or getting eaten by cannibals.Also after 4 or 5 bandit attacks your guys stop being a group of pansy ***ches"
76561198042533674,Recommended,233860,26347573,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Simon,*starts game*Becomes a ninja shiek*spawns next to slave traders*gets caught and be forced to mine*A faction attacks the slave outpost *light bulb**sneaks past the battle and escapes the base*creates faction of 2 squads*sends the squads to get revenge on those racist punks*Takes over the base then turns the slave traders into slaves(the Irony of it all)*Begins to start recruiting hivemento be continued...
76561198065139594,Recommended,233860,32908937,Posted: 27 June,all,trapani2,"The scope of this game is so deep that most people not willing to put the time into understanding the learning curve will not have an enjoyable experience.The game has been in development for years now and is in no way a cash grab or a dead project.  Major patches come often, new material and fixes are always just around the corner it seems.Epic game that in any state is worth a play through.Keep up the good work Lo-Fi"
76561198078414744,Recommended,233860,22233786,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,alexander.k.schenk,"Excellent game. Even in it's unpolished form, this game has something special that 99% of games lack; a developer who truly cares about their game and the people who play it.Kenshi is very different from any other game I have ever played. I typically think that ""early access"" games are an interesting concept in theory, but close to complete crap in reality. Most just suck; great ideas, but no follow though. Not this one. Constant updates, very clear roadmaps and great mechanics set the bar very, very high.The game focuses heavily on a sandbox feel to it; you are thrown into the world with no advice or clue to whats going on, and have to scrape and fight your way to sucess. It reminds me of a little bit of Xcom's tension level combined with an almost Warhammer RTS feel, as well as survival elements thrown in the mix. It's hard to explain...Watch a Youtube on it! It is pretty difficult to describe."
76561198059067784,Recommended,233860,22230089,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,alex,This game will not only beat you with a stick but will make you beat yourself with that stick. It has a steep learning curve but that is probley its best feature. No making you the chosen one or some world saving hero. If you can survive the stick beating then maybe just maybe you can be the one beating others with that stick.Unless you fight the Samurai.....One doesn't just fight the Samurai and win.Either way 10/10 for a good beating.
,Recommended,233860,22231172,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Inhuman Erection,It's awesome how you can play this game in so many ways. There are so many things to do and its not even completed yet. Looking forward to whats coming in the future updates but its awesome at its current stage already.
76561198132344080,Recommended,233860,34145683,Posted: 10 August,all,Nophex,"Totally loving this game, its great for those who want a survival game solo, its great for those who dont want any quests and just want a persistent experience, great for those who enjoy crafting in games, Its great for those who like base building.Its like the game i always wanted but was just never out there, like its taken the good bits out of management games survival games and rpg style fighting games and given the characters a system of growth that looks mildy inspired by the elder scrolls leveling system that is if you swim alot you get better at swimming, if you farm you get good at being a farmer, punch people enough you turn into bruce lee, use a katana enough then yep you will be a good swordsman."
,Recommended,233860,34502529,Posted: 26 August,all,Erixson,"This game is great, I haven't found another game that scratches so many itches at once - RPG, RTS, Survival - whatever you want. But warned though that the game does not mess around, it's hard and getting beaten up is normal (and in fact makes you tougher)As of writing this it's still in early access with some bugs but the patches come pretty frequently and there is still a ton to do - and by the time the game releases, the size of the world will double compared to what is there now. I've alrady gotten 160+ hours out of it; more than most AAA games i've paid for. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,233860,34941570,Posted: 13 September,all,General_Nuggles,"Kenshi is a game that has a large amount of potential in the future, but already it has an enormous world, almost unlimited choices for your character and one of the most unforgiving yet motivating starts I've ever seen.  I'm only a few hours in at this stage, but I've already found out how enormous and indifferent the world is. I've been put in a coma a few times, wandered around the world looking for a purpose and finally become a copper miner in order to get the money I need to start a new base.  I've found a few people in bars and talked them into coming with me, as well as making myself an enemy of more than a few others. I've had the base completely overrun by Rebel Farmers, killing my two allies and putting my original character into a coma.  I've rage quitted, had some lunch and come back and then enjoyed working out a way forward from the raid.This is what happens when games like 'Mount and Blade' and 'Age of Empires' meet: you get an experience that is new, unlimited and very good fun.10/10"
76561198149467943,Recommended,233860,34230109,Posted: 14 August,all,Oh no! Here comes common sense!,"Great game, for the most part..Only problem being that for every minute you spend actually playing the game, you spend a minute waiting for the map to load and unfreeze."
76561197961282747,Recommended,233860,22321204,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Deadlyeddly,Kenshi is a well thought out RPG and RTS that is still in development but I think with my playtime a review is granted and anyone looking for a good game that still has a lot more to come to it this would be one to look into. I bought this game early on in its development because i saw what they were putting together and its exactly what I look for in a game. The developer who started this wanted to make the game out of wanting to put together a game he wanted to play himself but couldn't find out there. This game when finished will be a high point in early access even with seriously long development it has shown what the potential of early release games should be and it will be a benchmark hopefully for other developers out there to stick with it and truly finish ones vision. Without early access I doubt this game would be where its at now as the development team grew as people purchased the game early which helped this games progress tremendously. Its at beta now with a few bugs but well worth it to see the progress being made to bring this epic scale game together. I enjoy playing it and spend hours on it when I do which shows signs of being an interesting game and its not even finished yet an people play it like it is. Out of the many games I have this one definitely stands out in the crowd and hopefully for you it will too.
,Recommended,233860,33894356,Posted: 29 July,all,Mystery,"♥♥♥♥ing amazing game, I build a settlement near the fogmen, and every 2 days I sacrifice a villager to them.Their screams please me. 10/10"
76561198006844475,Recommended,233860,33382086,Posted: 8 July,all,[NAF]mbraxt,Kenshi is everything rpg enthusiasts could want in a game.
76561197999236393,Recommended,233860,1880510,"Posted: 21 March, 2013",all,Ismelly[?!?],"The game is still in Alpha state. That being said, it is still an amazing game.Its an open-world sandbox game with no main character. No leveling up, no overpowered bosses, no magical ""Hero"" character. You start off as a regular Joe and can either join a major Faction to help you hone your combat skills or trek off into the wastes and ATTEMPT to make your own life in this harsh world with no mercy.I highly recommend this game. If your not too sure about purchasing it straight out, go to Desura and download the Demo. Its the same as the main game except with a 2 member squad limit I believe."
76561198027950524,Recommended,233860,29944850,Posted: 15 February,all,Slinger,"This game is great if you have a big imagination.  There is no story, and there never will be.  Quests do not exist, but the developers are working on a job system which will give your characters some short-term direction; these ""non-quests"" will not advance a plot.  The map is large, some complain that it is too large, and there is enough explore.  The game is close to release and they've scrapped about 1/2 of the features that were listed back in 2013-2014 when I added this game to my wishlist.  The current experimental version is 95.14, full release is at 1.0.  I'm not sure what else they will drop before they release the ""final version,"" they have scrapped so much that the developers have stated that they ""may"" release a post final version patch which will add some of the cancelled features; but it seems more like they are eager to put this project behind them.Despite my concerns, I really like this game as it stands.  The premise is this right now: you start out with a character.  The character is weak.  Over time they develop their skills (combat, crafting, labor).  Eventually they're not weak anymore.  You can have up to 30 of these characters.  You can built a base, craft, trade, etc.  Since the game has no goals, the thought behind play ends up being.  It would be cool if I ..., or I want to have the best .... There are several factions scattered throughout the map with their own culture.  On final release you should be allowed to ally, and war with whoever you choose.As with any early access game: only time will tell what makes it into the final version."
76561197989716815,Recommended,233860,26329339,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Mr. Game and Watch,"I bought this game on a whim when it was still in Beta (I remember when my little baby Kenshi didn't have sound and occasionally the vendors in town could be found a few kilometers away from their shops trying to solo a squad of dust bandits) and after sinking nearly 500 hours into the game I can honestly say Kenshi offers one of the most innovative gaming experiences I have come across. The early stages of the game can be daunting and being that it is still in development it's easy to feel like the game is lacking content. However, the 'open-ended' tag on this game is no joke. As long as you are willing to emerse yourself in the world that Chris and the other developers have worked so hard to create you will find an overwhelming number of possibilities. Personally, I love this game and I hope to see Lo-Fi games receive the attention they deserve."
,Recommended,233860,24124946,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Inficy (Kanjzo),"You Are Not The Chosen OneNever has a game so bluntly said this (Besides Mount & Blade, but that didn't curb stomp it into your skull like this one does)Kenshi is not an easy game, at the start.But as with any game, you get better.You're going to fail, alot.But you'll learn more from these failures than anything else.And eventually, you will becomethe oneI'm not going to lie, this game can look quite bad, but that's not the point of this game to look amazing, it's doingalotunder the surface."
76561198023583494,Recommended,233860,20754070,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,trd.,"slow developing, but by far my favorite indie game. realistic goals and hardworking is the way a early acess game should be."
,Recommended,233860,8897305,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Jibbles,"Really fun game with lots of sandbox fun and crafting. Needs a lot more work though at the moment, but has the most potential of any alpha game I have purchased. Always excited for new updates and content. Definately recommend this game!"
76561198088365940,Recommended,233860,23212624,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,reshind,"This game has much promise and I can see people from many genres liking at least one aspect of it. It has the cruelty of a souls games yet the potential for total all out war that you would find in a game such as age of empires, or rise of nations. You can develop your faction and co exist with others like you would in civilization or go it alone like a true rpg. Like any other sandbox game you can do what ever you like! It's not even complete and I love it already!"
,Recommended,233860,22483037,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Ghostdeini,"Game is very original and addicting. The devs are fantastic and have been routinely updating and hotfixing the game to increase its stability on a very regular basis. If you're into sandbox games with a focus on survival, crafting, squad-based combat, and town/city building, I definitely suggest checking this out."
,Recommended,233860,26550514,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Kungfoocheese,its like if you took the weebs and left them on an island for ten thousand years.
76561197990782828,Recommended,233860,28830044,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,BlitzKrieg-Kjeld,"I love this game so much. Even in it's current pre-release status there is a lot to explore and do.Here are some of the main features of the game:- It's a sandbox game;Apart from the literal sense where most of the map is desert, you are also given a character and let loose into the world to do as you please.- It's challenging; Especially at the start of the game it will difficult as it will feel as if everything is stacked against you. This feeling is actually pretty accurate. Just about everything IS against you. But as you play, you will become more powerful and given enough time, you will eventually be in a position where you will gain the upper hand. Don't expect this to happen overnight though.- You can recruit followers;Most of them are just random nobodies who aren't good at anything. Just like you when you start a fresh game. Certain followers will sometimes have unique dialogue as you travel with them, giving the world a but more colour and the factions some background lore  as they tell you about the areas you visit. This is still a work in progress though.- You can build outposts;Buy a house in one of the cities or build a comletely new outpost from scratch. You can have your followers farm and mine for resources and food, so your outpost can become completely self sufficient.- You will get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked;Yes, you will. But that's okay. Usually after being beaten into a bloody pulp by some angry bandits, one of your unconscious characters will wake up and you can have him heal the others. Consider it a learning experience. You will have time to reflect on what happened as your squad limps back to town. Unless the slavers find you first that is... Or the cannibals... or the giant, blind carnivorous beak things eat you alive...- It's hilarious;The npc in the game will occasionally tell you the most ridiculous stories. The people in kenshi usually have very few sensible things to say. And they lie. And they swear. A lot. There is a lot of very dry humor in this game.** This game is not for everyone!!! **If the above mentioned features sound appealing, I really suggest you try the demo first.Kenshi is a very difficult game, especially at the start. Some people WILL get frustrated and quit and if that's you, then that would be a waste of your money. Defeat is a big part of this game.Also realise that this game is still very much in development. Not all features have been implemented yet and those that have been might be changed or removed. If you want to get an idea of where the game is headed and what features are likely to be added then head over to the official lo-fi forum and have a look at the road map. There are however, frequent updates and stuff gets added, fixed and broken and then fixed again (usually)."
76561197984094590,Recommended,233860,22500896,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Ultra Marine,This is a great game and it has been a pleasure to watch it evolve. It is challenging and just as rewarding. I recommend it to anyone who is a fan of a sandbox rts with a healthy amount of gritty realism.
76561198045553291,Recommended,233860,23638870,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,boombome,"So first thing off im going to say. while i do recommend this game, i would not reccomend it in its current state.this is early access, it is in its late dev stage almost into beta. and while things feel unfinished its a whole lot of fun. and development is still continuing, which is more than can be said about some games."
76561198046945439,Recommended,233860,21612713,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Caminator,"-IMPORTANT - > The first thing you should know about this game, is that the Devs care. I first realized this when the updates came not with speed, but with good, quality content. The Devs do not rush updates to make people happy, they are not filled with fluff and pointless things, but instead are filled with bug fixes and content that truly help advance the game state. In fact in a recent news post about an upcoming update the devs said ""•Entirely new world map.  More detailed and polished, new factions, new content, things to explore.  Its' like Kenshi 2.  Crazy.  I should have called it Kenshi 2 and charged for it again, but I didn't.  Damn."" That comment right there just shows you that these devs understand what other Early Access developers do, and that they are not like those other early access developers.Now for how I feel about the actual game. This game takes time to get a lot of enjoyment out of it, but you do get just that. In most starting scenarios you choose from, you are dirt poor, and you are nothing close to a hero. Kenshi is not easy, you'll most likely die quite a few times at the start. As time progressive you gain more members to your squad and your existing members become more experienced. There is a really great feeling that comes when your squad finally becomes strong enough to destroy a group of bandits without any outside help. Eventually you will be able to build an outpost, which if you do not build incorrectly can be quite difficult (and by incorrectly I mean not building a stone mine and building materials producer first thing). Eventually you will be able to build research stations which allow you to learn how to farm and create your own items such as armour and weapons. Even balistas and walls can be build eventually. If you put in the time this game can be vary rewarding, and best of all, a huge update is coming out quite soon, which will greatly improve the game. I 100% recommend giving this game a try, you will not be sorry."
76561198027097640,Recommended,233860,22570314,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,tictac,this game needs more love from the community. should be higher in popular list of early access games then alot of the crap thats currently out.
76561198079742780,Recommended,233860,22338210,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,HeyItsTor,ahhh the crashing of this game pisses me off to no end.think ive had it   from around .50 update now its .90 someshit.highly addictiveHIGHLY ADDICTIVEf*ck bandits and raiders wiping out my squad as soon as i leave a townbetter make walls fast or you are SCREWEDi miss infinite Wingwang.overpriced ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is what he is....annd  more raders kill my settlement.never took on a livithan i wonder how that will goyeahhhh didnt go well.12/10 would play again.but god damn the crashing over and over
,Not Recommended,233860,27587212,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Maxsim,"Kenshi is a very ambitious, low budget game. Unfortunately this usally results in a very undirected, dull experience and Kenshi is no exception to this rule.My experience progressing through this game was very unsatisfying. For a good portion of the game none of your characters will ever be strong enough to kill any of the animals or humans you encounter in the world. The most feasible way to progress I found, was to game the system by stealing valuable items from settlements that should have been defended were it not for bugs, or by leading enemy packs into guards then selling their equipment back to the people who killed them. If there were any legitimate ways to make a living in this game I was not able to find them. The world of Kenshi may be huge but there is so little to do other than run from stronger enemies while scrounging for abandoned loot to sell.What's rather impressive is the party system which allows you to split your tribe into smaller groups who are then able to travel all around the world in real time. However, loading between areas isn't instant, so while you'll want to constantly switch between groups to ensure that none are in danger, generally this will mean most of your time will be spent waiting for terrain to load.I don't believe the party system scales well either. For every group it takes nearly all your concentration to spot and avoid enemies. If you are split between two groups this becomes impossible so that the best strategy by far is to strip down all your survivors in order to outrun any enemy rather risk fighting some of them. This game would greatly benefit from some kind of spotting skill to empower the ai to avoid groups that are too strong, or at the very least it should include some kind of warning system.In short if this game had a team twice as large they might have been able to fill this world with interesting content but as it stands there's not much to do other than running around, hiding from enemies."
76561198034279652,Recommended,233860,22166060,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Derrick Moore,"I did art and game design for alot of great games, but I never got to design my own game. If I could, this would pretty much be it. Kenshi is brutal, stark, and pretty hard at first... but lovely (as in ""What a day, WHAT A LOVELY DAY"") and rewarding. very rage-worthy.(you can find out more from all the other reviews, just wanted to put my 2 cents in)"
,Recommended,233860,25301901,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Schroedinger's hamster,"I bought this game a long time ago. Installed it. Played it. Not impressed, buggy as hell, low fps, bah.Tried it again a few weeks ago.Started the game in ""Rock Bottom"" mode, because I liket the idea of starting from scratch.The following happened:Appeared on a barren rocky wasteland wearing rags, with no food, and a stick in my hand.No idea what to do.Found a place called Holy MInes on the map. Went there, hoping for charity from preists or something.No, religious fanatics. Enslaved me after I tried to steal some food.Beaten, worked as a slave, tried to escape, got caugth, brought back to slavery. I repeatedly esacped, and repteadly got beaten and brought back to slavery.Until one time, they just stabbed me in the stomach, and left me to die.I didn't die. I survied, started mining ore and sold them to the Holy Outlaws, hired more people, eanred some money, and now we're travelling the world, and recruiting warriors to rebel agains the HOly Empire.I'm obsessed with vengeance over the Holy Nation. :DThis game is waaaay too much fun, can't stop playing."
76561198013931858,Recommended,233860,24977116,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Dexter Morgan,"Bugs and all it's a fun game.  I don't recommend buying it just yet, there is a major optimization patch coming up and the game seriously need it.  Framerate drops to almost unplayable about 6 hours into the game (gonna have to lower those graphics settings, a lot).  I have now reached day 13 04:24 (game) and can't get past that time.  No matter what I do or where I go, when I reach day 13 04:24 the game crashes.  Pity, I was having a lot of fun."
,Recommended,233860,25021148,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Darkskythe,"As it stands, this game too unpolished and has a long way to go until it is running as you would expect. If the developer(s) can deliver what this game sets out to be however, i will probably be spending as much free time as possible playing it as the potential is amazing. Just too many limitations as it stands, for example i spawn in some area and the map shows a town nearby, i go to visit this town and am greeted with a 'beta limitation prevents you from going any further' or something along the way. Head back the way i went to see if can discover another town somewhere and get killed by a boar or something, lol. There seem to be regular updates but at the moment when something gets fixed and several new issues arise. Saying that, if you enjoy Mount & Blade then you should enjoy this as it is a similar sort of game just in a different setting. With all that said this game is a tremendous amount of fun and i for one am willing the developers to get it completed as even with the content thats currently available, once its all working and running as it should then this game would be worth double the asking price."
,Recommended,233860,32626061,Posted: 21 June,all,Adex,"There is no other game like this. It has everything in it that I would want from a game. It is still in early access as of right now, but supposedly it is not far off from release. Even so, in early access this feels much better than most completed games. They update it regularly, too. I definitely recommend this game."
76561198061586399,Recommended,233860,34075049,Posted: 6 August,all,SpandexBandit,"The best and most telling thing about Kenshi is that it's absolutely terrible.  It's so horrifically unpolished, with so many bugs and does so many things wrong, yet due to its unique gameplay and mechanics, it's great because it doesn't feel like the same♥♥♥♥♥♥you've played a million times before, as most games tend to.If you could do a line of the most pure coke a thousand times, eventually, the high would get boring.  If you then tried meth, even though you know it's filthy and terrible, it would still rock you in ways that coke never could.  That's Kenshi.  It's absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it's so good that you won't want to believe it's♥♥♥♥♥♥  You'll never admit that Kenshi is bad and you'll never blame Kenshi for ruining your life.10/10 Would smoke Kenshi."
,Recommended,233860,33175356,Posted: 3 July,all,Benishe323,"My favorite game of all time with the most time I've put into a game other than world of warcraft pre-BC. It is a game littered with amazing RPG mechanics and decent enough customization so that you can tap into your imagination and create whatever faction you want from scratch, strengthen your characters as they go from being bottom feeders to battle hardened samurais or ninjas, and build pretty much anywhere on the map.This game has a lot to offer for anyone who enjoys RPG's, sandbox-type games, and there is plenty of city building/management to go around with larger and stronger factions obviously needing more farmers to keep everyone fed, a viable power source to keep the lights on, enough iron ore and rocks to make more buildings and tools, and decent marksmen mounting the crossbow turrets that often adorn a towns walls.On top of all that it is an incredibly well-priced game for the amount of play-time you get out of it. 20 bucks, a few dollars less during a sale, and you've got yourself an easy 60+ hour experience and that's only if you dedicate yourself to a single playthrough. You can delve into the mods which tickle your fancy, try unique New Game Starts to spicen things up, and even make your own mods for the game to either improve your personal experience or to export so the community benefits from your passion.So get Kenshi, you'll be happy you did."
76561197960559801,Recommended,233860,25208866,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,10000Hoursgaming,I've played this game for years and it is finnally getting to the point where it was 'promised.' The Developer promises more updates and the Experimental Branch gets frequent changes.Recommended to Sci-Fi and Realtime City Builder fans. It also has RPG elements and tactical combat features.
76561198096734989,Recommended,233860,9742734,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Wynter,"Kenshi is An amazing Open-World game! ive been up to date on it sense it began early access, and it has come a long way. I love to start a new game and create my own story, I honestly think ~ with how in-depth this game is ~ that one could write an interesting story from their gameplay. i may not have but 50- hours on this game, but that is due to the fact that my pc can no longer play the game smoothly enough for enjoyment. I hope more graphic options are added in the near future, but it would be more simpler for me to get a new system rather than them redoing their program for users. they have already done so much to make this game as fun and as in-depth as possible. Thumbs up, and Post your own recommendations to let others know of Kenshi!"
76561198061085045,Recommended,233860,12519034,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,[fknlegit] flimflambambam,fantastic game for those who want a challenge and have lots of spare time (i love the 40 dust bandit leader prisoners i have) awesome game cannot find one like it
76561197996186863,Not Recommended,233860,15616590,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,nephilimnexus,"Imagine if Mad Max was made by Akira Kurosawa.A desert world, bleak, hostile, vast.  Sparsely populated by junk towns and populated by newborn cultures based on old black & white samurai films, with a touch of the spaghetti westerns born thereof thrown in for good measure.  Men and women in coolie hats with katanas fighting against groups of bandits and crazed cannibals, trying to build secure outposts of safety in a violent and chaotic world.This was the game that advertised back when I bought into it.  This was the game that was promised.  Does this sound like a great idea for a game?  Does this sound like a game that you would want to play?  Well tough crap, suckers, because all that is going bye-bye!Welcome to a fantasy world filled with lush jungles, mysterious forrests, dangerous wolf packs, and strange races - bone men, bug men, and robots.  Oh joy, robots!  And giant monster things!  That's just what every samurai adventure needs, right?  That vast wasteland that took hours to cross is now a map ten times larger!  Why?  Because we can.  Not that you'll ever get any use out of that, but so what?This game is no longer about wandering ronin traversing the desert in search of adventure.  It is now the living avatar of feature creep, fueled by what seems like some kind of unending mescaline binge and slowly morphing into new game entirely... a game that's only common denominator with the original is that there are swords.And all this has been while continuing to fail at fixing bugs that are literally as old as the game itself.  Constant crashes, dysfunctional pathfinding, and broken tools thrown around like a gas explosion in a mechanic's garage.  Rather than fix the game they already had they instead decided to turn it into a RTS version of Morrowind, only weirder, if you can imagine such a thing.Now maybe thatisa game that you'd be interested in and I won't begrudge someone for liking that, but personally I don't care for the bait and switch.  I certainly do not appreciate the constant adding of more crap that I don't recall anyone asking for while everything that came before it is still horribly broken.I saw an idea, a great idea, for a game that I would like to play.  I paid for that game.  Today I see a completely different game being made, one that I simply have no interest in, while the one I bought was never finished - and never will be.So if you're looking for a high-fantasy, RTS version of your favorite magical wonderland, go right ahead and get Kenshi.  If you're looking for the post-apocalypse desert wandering ronin adventure originally advertised on the box then you're out of luck - keep looking, maybe someday, someone will make that game for real.Final note: Posting this as a review since I was being banned from forum for saying the same things.  In the comments below you can read where the moderator tries to deny this."
76561198063888278,Recommended,233860,29124042,Posted: 8 January,all,[STW Italia]☤♦AMAXI♦☤,A game full of potential!!..but needs more funds for a serious development.I wish for developers all the luck possible for them to able to complete the development of the game!!
,Recommended,233860,23056324,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Inflectus,"The Game:Kenshi is a game that can't be catagorized. It's a beautiful, sword-punk blend of RPG, RTS, and to some extent a city builder/Sims-style survival game where you cater to basic needs. The demo does the game little justice, and many people who rate it poorly probably never experienced the transition of this game into what it is now. The developers are committed to creating a living world, and tailors an RPG-style game where you are no hero. Even if you choose a start that makes you top dog when it comes to the scum of Kenshi, you bite the bullet.Pros:-Multiple ways/""genres"" to play.-Multiple settings for adjusting the difficulty, for better or worse.-Beautiful world, at least for an independently developed game.-Creature/racial artwork and variety is unique, and funnily deceiving (cute goats that can massacre a small squad).-Dedicated development team, which has proven itself over the long-term.-Lots of replayability, and even punishing starts can have a silver lining.-Combat can be sometimes frustrating, but always beautiful to watch, with drastic outcomes based on even the smallest decisions.-Character customization can be oddly entertaining, and...-Mechanics can be easily caught onto, and easier to work around with a little time and effort.Cons:-Bugs. Lots and lots of bugs. It was much worse at the initial release of the Beta, but within a week or so the most game breaking were patched.-The Dev team actively makes use of bug reports, even catering to some very specific issues players faced in the past.-World can be laggy, even on a good computer. This is, however, on high graphics and almost exclusive to high density bandit zones or rendering of the map.-Updates may feel slow, but minor ones with huge impacts are frequent.-Game can crash due to random errors introduced with an update (commencing specific research, as an example when the game entered beta), but these are once again usually patched within a day or few.-Can be painfully punishing, and some mechanics are unrefined, but bear in mind many mechanics are fresh to the beta and much of it is an EXPERIMENTAL build.Kenshi isn't everyone's cup of... well, dust and rust. Despite this, its flexibility, originality, and progression through the years has proven it a capable contender and worth the attention."
,Recommended,233860,17459371,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,[RGN] John Snow,This is a very unique niche game. I have sunk 10 hours into it and barely made a dent in what there is to do. Yes i wish it was more stable yes i wish the graphics could be better. But i support the concept and the core gameplay plus i have no problem supporting small dev teams with unique ideas
,Recommended,233860,17549572,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Blazingscout,"A very well done game. Kenshi provides the player next to nothing and tells them to make something out of a harsh enviroment full of dire wolves, maruders, and cannibals. The hurde is very high for getting top quality gear and experienced people to use it, granted they arn't mauled or killed in the process. But after that, you run out of things to do. Point being, the journey to the top is fun and challenging, but the end game is boring."
,Recommended,233860,23093944,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Espa,"Probably the most effective genre-busting game in its' time. It's real, -real- post-apocalyptic game that doesn't teach you anything easily and lets you figure the game out as you go, and if you're an idiot, you'll be killed. Be a smart survivor - Realize that people are absolutely insane who live in the wastelands and will likely rob you, or at the very worst, outright eat you limb by limb. - And those in the cities treat you as far as your money can throw you. . Passed that, they will let you die from starvation, don't care if you bleed out in the streets and die, may rob you - or they might  join you in your cause. . as long as you have the money to sway them.You can be anything from a Adept Scavenger quick on their toes and trade goods for great profit between towns, to a bandit crew who massacres a farmers village for their base and all of the goods within  - whom you can trade to a fence inside a town while in a disguise as to not alert Bounty Hunters or the guards of the nation whom you've killed their subjects, to a group of settlers trying to eek out an existence amidst the wasteland and start from a lowly village to a legendary town with an abundance of food and technology new to the post-apocalyptic world. You may learn of hidden locations, if you're lucky, and encounter a plethora of characters. . Though not all are friendly.You may be lucky and find a wandering traveler in which you can sell your goods, as well as purchase blue prints to upgrade your skill set or your very own Factional town - Of course you could just murder them and take all their goods, though you may incur a bounty that will cause you to be hunted by lawgiving police. - You could either turn yourself in and face a smaller stint in jail and/or be forced to slave away in the mines, OR you could become an infamous raider whose tales of dread are recognizable to everyone in the province. Of course,  you could always be successful noble and create your own Faction city in which all nations depend on for their trade and have the most legendary army that no one would dare question your authority. -- Or, if you were to be really ambitious, you could become an abolisher of slavery and take over the province as the rightful sire of the lands - if you're ready for hardship, effort, death, surprises, and ultimate victory."
,Recommended,233860,18943834,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Sanic,What if it had kung fu fightingEdit:It has Kung Fu fighting
76561198024300975,Recommended,233860,18279595,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Deku,Basically Desert Punk with only hand to hand weaponsSuch a good game and it keeps getting better 8/10
,Recommended,233860,12452125,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Mael In Patiens,"I love this game, it combines the best aspects of an RTS base building game and an RPG, it has its fair share of bugs as an EA game. But nevertheless its a very good game.As of Beta this game is finally showing its true colors. They fixed most of the bugs that plagued the game and have implemented a huge new map as well as new races, and tons of new features, all around 80% polished and thank god its now pretty much crash free, after around 10 hours of gameplay only experienced one crash after dismantling a building with people in it. Everything else is pure perfection! Cant wait until they unlock the rest of the map, only about a 6th is playable right now and its still around 3-4 times bigger than the old map, its exciting and even more so since its now playable performance wise. If you where thinking about getting the game, get it now!"
,Recommended,233860,13552968,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Phil Collins,"I remember stumbling across this game's website years ago, very early when it was a mere concept with a couple of screenshots. I didnt really understand it and there was no release or anything, but I liked the name and it had ninjas and open world rpg elements. I bookmarked the page and forgot about it until I found it on Steam when it first released as early-access. Bought it and it turned out to be what I expected from my first encounter. Different, with a learning curve, but extremely unique and tons of fun. Some of the coolest combat and health systems in any game ive played. Its early in it's stages but it is tons of fun with lots to do. The devs are active and fixing the game, and when there arent any game updates, they update us with progress and their plans for the future. buy this game"
,Recommended,233860,2327386,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,jackfool,"I really like this even in its unfinished state, it's both challenging and engaging."
,Recommended,233860,16087415,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Akkad G,"It's one of the greatest games I've ever played, even though it's early access. It's far from finished, but boy, just play it already."
76561198026296882,Recommended,233860,15432899,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Froeder,First time playing and its already 17 hours so far ... got addicted i think :P
,Not Recommended,233860,29541678,Posted: 28 January,all,BILL IS DEAD,"Used to be my favorite game of all time.Now I find the map & content to be cluttered.It used to be about samurai, and now it's about something I don't understand yet.The game expanded too much on too many different things & themes at once, which took away its main appeal to me.If you're looking for a samurai game, then this isn't it unfortunately.I bought it when it was a game about swordsman traveling the land making a name for their self.Now there's monsters, the map is too big, overpowered NPC's in large massive groups and despawning NPC's.I feel like every single update for the past year or so, has not made the game any better, if anything.. all of it feels random to me.Why are there monsters?  How do they make the game any better?What's the point in the map being so large when the game insists that you build a base and just turtle your entire playthrough.Things like being a merchant is really dumb now with how large the map is and so on.Seems like the only ideal way to play this game is to turtle at a base, and bait enemies into your harpoon nest.Game used to be more of a ""do whatever you want"" now it's just a RTS survival game.Having enemies in a massive group (like 20+) teaches you that you should be prioritizing getting the largest squad, not attacking anyone, and baiting bandits into them for the first 20+ hours.NPC's need to be more scattered, not only are these NPC's capable of soloing 10 of your dudes, but they also have to be in a large group?  There's nothing you can do other than cheese it with harpoon nests, play it like a base building simulator and hope you don't get bored by the time you get strong enough to engage in the content.All the other NPC's are turtling also, some of the races have like 50+ or something NPC's all cluttered in a single town.  So attacking a single one will get you mobbed quickly."
76561197991245494,Not Recommended,233860,19273674,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Ronchon,"The game has a lot of potential. Its scope is great.Unfortunately its pretty much unplayable because of the constant crashes and errors.It becomes highly unstable especially once you start to build your own base ( broken pathfinding ).Really frustrating, considering its potential!"
76561198058757878,Not Recommended,233860,15161654,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,sw1107,"I'm a casual gamer and usually stay away from early access games.   I should have stayed away from this one.  It's a great concept but there's too many bugs and the interface is awkward.   If you're a casual gamer also, I strongly recommend waiting on this one."
76561198024039994,Recommended,233860,8956192,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Swervey,"This has to be on of the most promising of all the Alpha games I've played. Though very buggy, (It's kind of expected in the state it's in now) it offers a wide varitey of things to do. It's updates are frequent, the owner is trying very hard, and it's gameplay is really enjoyable. If you ever find this game on sale, you should definatly buy it!"
76561198052917826,Recommended,233860,24303725,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,PROBDenton,"Okay where to start, While I am giving this a positive review let us take that at face value. I feel as if the game is good and is going to be great when finished but if judge the game by what it should be then we often give false review's. I see the game as fun to play as new content is added each time I find myself playing more and more. Now what I do see is a huge amount of bugs while they can be overlooked they are an annoyance that can all but bring me to not want to play for at least week, now I will cite an example of my own experiance, I was playing the game when two of my men were caught stealing the guards took them but didn't lock them up instead they just carried them and went to a guard position and just stood there holding my two men even after there time was up the two guards would not put them down I tried everything restarting the game, reseting squad positions, and even attaking the guards but it was to no avail, its little stuff like that what I cited that can make the game feel almost unplayable once glitch caused me to lose two of my best men in one run. I also question why would they put us in the most racist part of the map, almost making it impossible to play as the shek as new person to kenshi? Looking over it, I would rather have a more polished experiance with less content then a buggy large amound of content, overall though I can't talk bad about the gameplay though, its fun and addictive, building your own settlment or industry maybe even a small army, the choices make the game unique. I give the game in a conclusion a 7/10 a standard score which if the game is improved upon could easily be an 8 to 9 out of 10."
76561198045805489,Recommended,233860,9834144,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,THE IT FACTOR,"This is one of the best possible rpg sandbox games out there! Worth the 20 bucks but it is in early development, its still great though!"
76561197986629379,Recommended,233860,8043430,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Vali,"A very promising game, plenty of building, crafting, researching and fightingI have spend alot of hours on my small tradingpost FrederikstadLooking forward to a more complete version"
76561198023304797,Recommended,233860,7326340,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,ArchangelX78,Un tres bon jeu indie en developpement
76561197997938070,Recommended,233860,8325949,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Tasty Wheaties,"Awesome 'early access game'. It's undergone drastic improvements in a relatively decent amount of time, the developer is growing and actually continually working on the game (!!), also the dev listens to, supports and works FOR THE GAMERS. Incredibly mod-friendly, great setting, really interesting combat system/dynamics, and it's just getting better and better.Gameplay is third-person, squad-based survival/base-building with the ability to personalize characters (including a main, beginning character)."
76561198008555188,Recommended,233860,8097920,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Uthuran,Loads of potential.  I am anxious to see this one develop!
,Recommended,233860,8579098,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Da Raging Idiot,"Great game with a bright future ahead of it. Fun to play but frustrating when you die in game, very unique in its approach and style, but overall very enjoyable even at this early stage. 10/10"
,Recommended,233860,5216913,"Posted: 13 April, 2013",all,Vartoc,"This is amazing. Even though it is still in development, it captures the most open sandbox feeling in game ever."
76561197982316775,Recommended,233860,8118099,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,jempet,"Great game, still being developed, but enjoying it"
76561198054671946,Recommended,233860,8023674,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Stormz23,I originally got this game as a cheap something to pass the time. It quickly wound up consuming a large portion of my gaming time. It's innovative and unique style is a great refresher from the usual. I strongly recommend.
76561198020097276,Recommended,233860,8295450,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,guildeddays,Great game heaps to look forward to. Some stability issues currently but well worth a try.
76561198030064580,Recommended,233860,8624975,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Blodspawn,Kenshi is a very different game compared to other games you are in a fictional universe where the world has collapsed it is a squad RTS mix and I think it's well implemented.You are thrown naked into the brutal desert where cannibals and thugs find it easy to kill you. you have to build yourself up hire people and soon you will find yourself with desert beste steel on your back and a badassss armor and people to manage your empire. I recommend in give Kenshi an attempt watch recent let's play
76561198021680124,Recommended,233860,3375754,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,Bedja,The game concept is great... its like one big sandbox with mangement and trading.. only thing im missing is some live animals roaming around the desert. and sound (but hey its an alpha)
,Recommended,233860,8100579,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Milocinia,"This game is still in alpha but even with the unsuprising bugs that come with an alpha release, this is one of the most interesting and fun games I've played in a long time. For an alpha there is a lot to do and there is so much more that the developers have planned. I can't wait for more updates and the eventual full release."
76561198058264990,Recommended,233860,6063925,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,xBoogeyman,Super badass with hellacious potential. Game is badass and still in production. Just uphill from here.
76561198076053570,Recommended,233860,6813798,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Evil_Tea,"NOTE: Still in development and will be until estimated 2015.This is a great game but do not expect an easy ride this game is based upon rising from the dust and grow from bandit prey to a leader of a gang of whatever you want.It has a very supportive commuinty that will be happy to help should you get stuck or reach a bug.The aim is to grow from being a puny band weaklings to a great band of what ever you feel like, build your own forts, farms mines or even rum distillerys! Fight bandits to the holy empire, treat the wounds with careful first aid and carry the fallen to safety!If you love RTS games as well as ""sandbox"" games this is the game for you!"
76561198043640883,Recommended,233860,8157625,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,The King in Yellow,"Amazing open world game. Lots of potential, I find that I sometimes lose myself in this game. It's very easy to start playing and get so involved, you just go ""whoops, got fired because I haven't moved from my desk in three days."""
,Recommended,233860,8188068,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Ragnasal,"Highly recommend getting this alpha.It's a bit buggy right now, but it currently shows a lot of potential unlike other early releases I've seen so far."
,Recommended,233860,8502860,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Garfield,"I haven't been this obssessed with a game since dicovering Mount & Blade, when it to was in development. This is already shaping up to be a superb RTS/RPG and I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,233860,7899150,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Jammie Dodger,Hard and Brilliant!
76561198057832188,Recommended,233860,8063082,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,MagnificentMariner,"When it is completed, eventually, the realized vision of this game will be truly incredible. However, as early access goes, this will take a while to be completed. Currently, most of the game developement is features implementation, because the groundwork has only been laid recently, but after six years of developement I seriously expect a finished product you can be proud to have supported. Very soon, enough features will have been implemented for the final phases of developement to begin, but make no mistake, this game will be finished one way or another, and as most of the features are being added now, now might be the time to get with the program and take an interest in the project."
,Recommended,233860,4497900,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,DWigs,Great Indie game. Amazing midievil RPG and I look forward to seeing to what the future of this game will hold.
76561198098309382,Recommended,233860,24897744,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,The Void Slayer,Love this game! commited devs and a simple learning curve makes this game shine amongst all the other early acess abandoned games. Great gameplay. 9/10 (due to random crashs)
,Recommended,233860,10252471,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,FeelsGoodFrasier,A fun and very unique game. Everything that is advertised nothing falsely facaded.
,Recommended,233860,1374054,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,••,"Yet another ""bags of garbage as currency"" problem - this time 'round, I collect money normally and can still pay for things with it as I should, however any money I spend immediately gets replaced equally into an additional ""wallet"" of some sort. The currency is, you guessed it; bags of garbage."
76561198089766131,Recommended,233860,9832327,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Not That Guy,"This game is one of the best of its kind out there as far as im conerned.There are bugsThere are crashesThe worst/best thing about this game is the fact that it take along time to be able to fight off a group of ANYTHINGSIf and when you buy this game you will be required to play many different characters before you get one that dose not die alone in the endless desert. Hell i have bout 24 hours on this game and i still get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked by low level bandits (Those damn hungary bandits...).And then there is the community... they are the best comunity i have ever seen for any game ever! Its like 90% of all helpful and respectful, non troll peopel on steam play this game, i swear i could go on all day about how great the steam community is for this game"
76561198115243223,Recommended,233860,23693968,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Hákon Hagensson,"This game is a jewel,can't wait for full release"
,Recommended,233860,29749346,Posted: 6 February,all,Cameron Parris,There's no game like it!
76561198129895713,Recommended,233860,29863423,Posted: 11 February,all,cjrj1999,Its a slow start but give it a few hours and you will be addicted to it
76561198013066123,Recommended,233860,29343470,Posted: 18 January,all,searon9,"The developers are really taking their time with this one.  Upon release it's gonna be a great game.  They are fixing bugs and taking time to really make it fun.  I've seen this game grow over the past two years and it's really turning out to be a good g ame.It has a fairly steep, but rewarding learning curve, so be prepared to be frustrated early on as bandits overpower you.  They are making ways for you to run away from slavers asap and escape from slavery if you are attacked and knocked unconscious, then kidnapped by slavers.  Often early on, its simply easier to run from bandits than to get slaughtered.Early on, try to spend money on building up your team.  Having many low skilled npcs on your side is a huge bonus against the highly skilled enemies you'll face.  If you can, train them up on the training dummies in the towns before heading out to the dangerous wastes."
,Recommended,233860,25972876,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Necren,"Ton of fun, constantlly updating and improving. Looking forward to future map expansions."
,Recommended,233860,28232305,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,thrAsher,"Brutal, lovely, lonely, and wicked.There are many games, and there is Kenshi, too.Not since Dwarf Fortress have I had such a primal connection to a digital dude.Kenshi is like a greedy nerd, it steals all the good ideas around it and  claims them as it's own. And it is wildly successful, there are few sandboxes as interesting as this one. You'll set out to make a mark for yourself, but be lucky to not get obliterated by a herd of goats on your journey.It's a game that, as I can see in my 'Guy and his Dog' initial playthrough, wants you to explore it. There are a number of different launch conditions and each is different enough to warrant at least a gander. $20 is not a lot of money anymore, but Kenshi is sure enough a lot of game.Hardcore stuff, I couldn't recomment his game any higher. This is dystopia."
76561198045819656,Recommended,233860,29471432,Posted: 24 January,all,coolkeven,"Great game, its a bit hard to learn at first and I feel for those startting out. So if you guys just bought the game and need help just reply to this review and I will teach you. :)"
76561198018406759,Recommended,233860,25976371,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,caliwish,"Do you remember the good old days with D&D and using your imagination and how invested you were in your characters? How you died early in the beginning over and over again in anguish? How you kept coming back to this painful experience because you were hooked?...That's Kenshi minus the magic and in a total new world with new races, new Lore and mystery. And yes very very painful in the beginning. As you can see I have put over 300 hours in this game and only scratched the surface of this game.By the way it is in Beta not Alpha and it is much more stable. The world is huge and only 1/3 of the world is open at the moment. If you have the patience with bugs and can contribute to the development, this game is well worth it!  Don't expect hand holding or that you start off  as the chosen  one... But just like the good old days, you can slowly and painfully be pleasantly surprised how strong you can become."
,Recommended,233860,9505639,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,ＪｙｎｘｙＹ \ \  淡い,Probably the most literal sandbox game I have ever played. 10/10
76561198073258552,Recommended,233860,24777734,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Amun Ra,"This game is a masterpiece. Despite the fact it's still a work in progress with some minor and some major tweaks. I first downloaded this game when it was F2P. It was a slow start, the game was very dry and I found myself getting bored very quickly. I didn't hesitate to delete it and this was I think, back in 2012. I decided to give it another go in early July 2016 and boy was I in awe. I honestly didn't know what to expect this go round but, I am definitely impressed with the direction the developers took with it. It's almost like you're absorbed in a fantasy world where self-preservation is key.  you kill, you starve, you build, you recruit and you defend what you work hard to accomplish. If the developers read this, I love sandbox games. I was kinda heavy in to ""Omertà city of gangsters"" I believe if Omertà had the mechanics that Kenshi has, it would not have been such a disappointment. Please develope a gangster game for all of us mobster fans."
76561198072270835,Recommended,233860,32470255,Posted: 16 June,all,RBurnett,"Wanna run around from the get-go, killing everything insight and ruling the world? Go elsewhere. Kenshi isn't a difficult game, but you sure as hell need to take care and take your time. My first game I loaded up and attacked a single, limping hungry bandit. I got my @ss handed to me.Tips on playing this game? Assuming ANYTHING can and will kill you (you'll be mostly right anyway) so take it slow, hide, run away, live to fight another day. Grow your character, build your squad, get your house in order. That's how you play this game and if you play it well, it is such an amazingly rewarding game with so much to do. For an Early Access game this title offers so much depth and loads to occupy your time. I got it for $10 and it's probably the best money2fun ratio I've encountered."
76561198060703391,Recommended,233860,8462258,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,General Bacca,very good game! for a alpha i highly recommend this game
,Recommended,233860,9798774,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Lurtz,"I built a base, saw people on the horizion, Went to meet them, they slaughtered everyone in my town, 11/10 would meet strangers again"
76561198250785748,Recommended,233860,23641452,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Missouri Reaper,I love this game . I got made a slave and broke free now have a epic squad I love it. Every body should try this game. ANd for 20 bucks it is a steal .
,Recommended,233860,33598172,Posted: 16 July,all,Cryomantic Cultist,"Got this game a long time ago back when it was new on steam. Over the years it has improved constantly and they've really stuck with the development. It is one of the better squad strategy games I've played, totally freeform too. It's one of those games I keep coming back to again and again. Could honestly see myself putting 300 more hours in it at least once it is finished. Totally worth a buy."
76561198061664432,Recommended,233860,25578677,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Rosalezz,"Kenshi, a open world survival squad based game.It is a game in the making and the developers have so much potential to expand. I been playing for a while and its super addicting. This game always has you doing something. the LAG issue is killing me, its no fun to play at low frame rate.However its tough and brutal survival and it makes me feel like Im adventuring, like when I was exploring Skyrim for the first time AGAIN.To wrap things up, i would say its worth getting because its good, and its still getting improvements."
,Recommended,233860,26622158,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,BrewedDaily,For a gameI got early access With very simple things to do this gave me hours of fun before the devs even added the new map and more things to do now this game just blows me away this would have to of been the best game buy I've ever done nothing comes close to the mechanics and enjoyment I have gotten out of this and the fact they update regularly makes me pretty damn happy I give this game a 10/10 even with optimization and bug issues!
76561198161576016,Recommended,233860,28114708,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,CHOCOLATExPANDA,"Takes about 1-3 hours to get a grip on what's going on in the game and how to do anything. Once you grasp it, though, it's one of the most thoughtful and creative games you can experience. Lots of tiny details make it that much more realitic and thrilling to play. Plus, the aesthetic of the game is mad wicked. It's like steampunk without the autism. Many different ways you can play the game, many different paths to take, many different variations on how you do things. Overall best game I have played in a long while, a very good break from the monotony of today's gaming industry.It's relatively new, so there's a few glitches and bugs. It only really gets annoying if you have a big automated base and your farmers keep getting stuck under the stairs for no reason.However, this game is definitely worth it. It's worth a lot more than $20, I can't wait to see how they improve it. I'd recommend anyone to buy this (I already bought a copy for my friend)."
76561198010027814,Recommended,233860,22821293,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,fmj3857,"This game has tons of potential. I have been looking for a game that integrates a city builder, RPG, and resorce management and trading. It is so, SO glitchy right now. So much so that it is barely playable in its current state. I love the concept of this game, however I will not be playing again until they have done more work. I am really looking forward to it however."
76561198052562324,Recommended,233860,9730737,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Lt. Kaoru Niimi,The game is still in a Beta after a long period of changes and development.Pros+ Graphics that fit the game+ Many races that can be played+ Good wildlife and different biomes+ You can choose your own path and style to play. No campaign binds you to anything.Cons- The construction is good but still not at its best. Many ruins that cover the map can't becontrolled and cant be repaired. The cities are part of another faction or for example can't evenbe repaired  because there's no option for it.- The game is stable but crashes still  happen- Big patches take a very long time to release
,Recommended,233860,24030101,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,redkid,"Spent 40 hours hunting down and defeating the dust king at his hideout, 2 hours waddling back to an outpost to collect the 30K bounty.  Immediately arrested and enslaved upon collection at said outpost for trespassing. Well played Holy Nation....well played..."
76561198024280094,Recommended,233860,29374156,Posted: 20 January,all,Wesh And Boo,"A Squad-Based Sandbox RPG, where you can become and do (almost) anything you want.So I became a rotting carcass after my first encounter with a group of Dust Bandits. 10/10!I purchased this game a long time ago in early-alpha state with nothing more than a desert map trying to survive in my own created settlement. I set up a small trading caravan and travelled across the desert to purchase and sell good for the highest profit. I really enjoyed it but stopped playing for some reason I can't recall.Recently rediscovered the game and came back to a brand new world. Some amazing new features have been added, like a completely new map, new species (love the Shek and Hiver Races!), new skills, new researchh tree. Really Enjoyed it once more!For people who don't know if they should buy it, just do it. It takes a bit of time and practice to get used to the game, but once you do you're hooked!"
,Recommended,233860,33798894,Posted: 25 July,all,⭐ 0r!GiN4L1Ty ⭐,if your party dies atleast twice you know you're doing it right
76561198032270168,Recommended,233860,23865469,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Headhunter,Great game for me. Feels like a living world with sandbox and rpg.
76561197999059715,Recommended,233860,20595292,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Pilgrimm,"This game has SO MUCH potential! unfortunetly, I'm never able to see the potential because of the constant crashes and freezing.I'm still recommending this game though, because it IS early access, and the devs are quite active and involved with the community. Will Re-review in a few patches.Win 7AMD A-10-5700 3.4Ghz Quad Core12 Gigs DDR3R9 280X Radeon - 3 Gigs"
76561198097744173,Recommended,233860,20713521,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Acehold,"Love this game, plenty of content and frequent updates.I give this a 8.5 out of 10"
76561198002530460,Recommended,233860,21131327,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Qrisu,Definetly going to recommend.
,Recommended,233860,21135051,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,☩Sparrow421,This game is ridiculously hard and does not hold your hand EVER. It's so rare to find a game like this and that makes me love it. My only complaint is the very slow updating by the developer.
76561198064095680,Recommended,233860,22034283,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Operator Pepe,"Truely a hidden gem for those who like RTS and RPGs , and its going to get better with the beta cant wait"
76561198066643972,Recommended,233860,20598999,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Mr. Memeseeks,"I've greatly enjoyed my time with it. Crashes and bugs aside, it's been a real joy to watch this game slowly flesh itself out as a standout game."
,Recommended,233860,20620412,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Disttack,The amount of work that has been put into this early access indie game is phenominal. Hands down a great and engaging game that has completely changed everytime i play. This game came a long long long way from the initial release and i pray to god the good work keeps up to improve the game (especially in terms of stability) so that this titile may rival mainstream games. The concept is unique and a lot of work has been put forth into making it engaging and visually appealing. 10/10 keep up the good work and if you are new to the game dont let the brutal difficulty at the start discourage you. play tactfully and use city guards for help hahaha. I love how this game focuses on your people just being a ragtag group of average individuals.
76561198006334314,Recommended,233860,21060629,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Sarthas,Great game. Still beta
76561198101910083,Recommended,233860,33887250,Posted: 29 July,all,grlakos,"i purchased this game just over a month ago because it looked like it had alot of potential to be a good game.  After about 6 hours or so and quite a few character restarts i was telling myself ""wow, this game is hard.""  But then i remember the old saying of ""whatever doesnt kill you, makes you stronger ( in this case...tougher).""  So now  the start of a game became a learning curve where you learn who attacks you on sight,  which groups attack other groups on sight, which npc's will join you for free....I still spent plenty of time on my backside.  But 30 hours into the game the groups that put me there are now the ones on their backsides(and probably naked to boot too).  I'm now at 150 hours of gameplay with still plenty of areas to explore and ideas to try. If you try this game, i hope you enjoy it as much as i have."
76561198089816509,Recommended,233860,21420164,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,katlyn.gallivan,"This game is amazing even though its a early access game its a really fun game to play.I can't wait for the new update to come out im super excited for it.To me this game reminds me alot like runescape on the fact you can be whatever you want and the fact you are not neo makes it that much better because it makes you feel like you are more part of the world and the odds are not in your favor unless you work hard on your skills and tactics but again the best part about this game is the fact you can be whatever you want,right now im between being a bounty hunter and a merchant selling and trading with cities,I'm also building up my base and hoping to have my own shop set up soon i also want to get all my guys stronger so i can take on bigger groups of bandits and the fact i can do all of this whenever i feel like it is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.I wish more rpg style games would do what this game does on play style and depth in character developing.I cant wait for this game to be fully completed cause even at full price this game was well worth paying for and after playing 40hrs i give this game a 8/10 only because the graphics could be better and the fact the game crashes here and there and it also can run slow at times as well but i wasnt expecting a perfect game when i got it.If all these things can get fix and improved plus add more to the game besides what is being added in the upcoming update then this game to me is a 10/10 in my opinion.Even in its current state i still recommend this game to anyone looking for a really in depth game to play."
,Recommended,233860,21036742,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,SuperMua,cant wait for full release
,Recommended,233860,21167252,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Osmodias,I had no idea this is the game ive always wanted. Lot of work to do still from the devs but going in a really unique direction.
,Recommended,233860,21183948,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Adenauer Forst,"An RPG game with quite a nice graphical detail and quality. Kenshi is quite fun and addictive even though it's still in Alpha stage. It has a few bugs here and there (mainly movement), but they are normally just a slight annoyance. If you know and love the web browser RPG games Caravaneer and Caravaneer 2, you will probably love Kenshi as well. It is similar in many ways, with the difference being that Kenshi doesn't have a story line and is in 3D.Build version when I wrote this review: v0.74.32.Some tips I'd like to share with everyone who is new to Kenshi:-- Ctrl + Shift + F11 will probably be your best friend in the game when it comes to getting characters unstuck.-- If you are having problems renting a bed to sleep for your character to recover quickly, and you have more than one character in your party, use any of them to pick up whoever that needs a rest and place them on the bed. This allows you to use the bed for free as well. Recovery while standing still is a very slow process unless your characters have a high toughness value.-- Even with the fast forward button, Kenshi can still be fairly slow. The start of Kenshi will probably be a slow one unless you get lucky. Don't worry about creating a settlement early on as it isn't really important. I took about 100 game days to start establishing my settlement after I got enough money and was satisfied with my crew members' skill level.-- The training dummies provided at towns can only train melee strength until level 4. Don't bother leaving your characters to train after that because you'll be wasting your time.-- Make use of the melee defence button for weak characters. You can train their melee defence easily this way while buying time for your attacking characters.-- Loot high value items from bandits only (weapons, headgear, shoes, and armour). Keep an eye out for sand ninjas because their armour is nice and light, and so is their weapons. Take note that their stats are quite high though."
76561198006148422,Recommended,233860,8238598,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,JonnyD73,"I have been playing this game almost from the time it was GreenLit.  It is an amazing mix of RPG, RTS, City Management. Even without all the planned features implemented yet. It is still worth playing. When this game is complete, it will be one of the most awsome games to date. The developement is amazing, considering the size of the dev team and that they probably do most of the coding during their free time, they get quite a bit done.  There are bugs, but the team is responsive to bug reports. In the end I can't stress enough, that this game is one that will provide hours and hours of game play and provide the player with the most choices in how to play. Be a lone wanderer just making his way by his sword. Lead a group of mercenaries to fame and riches. Become the most notorious bandit in the known lands, Found a city and produce goods for trade. I give this game a 9 out of 10 for being original and having an amazing dev team. I hope after this project is done, the dev team continues to produce more amazing titles.Update:For those that like the pros and cons listed.Pros:1. Freedom - Explore, develope, wander, or waste your time as you please.2. Character Developement - You gain skill when you use it. Not if you have exp to spend on it.3. Aspect View - You can watch over from above or get into an almost 3rd person view of your party.4. Sandbox - You can build a base, or even a city.5. Weapons - Lots of weapons to fit your fighting styles.6. Random - Bandit and Canibal raids. If you have a city or base, Bandits and Canibals will find you.7. Unique - RTS meets RPG with City Management and Crafting.Cons:1. Goals - With no ultimate goal, you can get to a point where you have to say, what do I do next. If there were a rival system. Or just a set of acheivements to get, it would add much more flavor IMO.2. Ranged Combat - I have seen in the blogs that this is comming, but until it does, there is a chunk missing from the combat tactics.In the end, I am hoping for a bit of polish to make this game great.  The next Update is supposed to be out soon and I can't wait.  Even with all the little frustrations and bugs.  I have had many hours of fun with this game and it has already been more than worth the $20 I paid for it.Update:Ok, so with the customization, I have had some of the most random fun you could have. With the ability to customize your character and your followers as you find them and all the new races. I made a human character that kept hiring people of various races and then when setting up their appearance (it allows you to change their appearance and even their name after you agree to pay to take them on) to be as small as possible. You end up with tiny goblin looking creatures. They have the same stats and abilities, they just look strange. It is funny to watch your little group of angry goblin people with big plank weapons chase down an opponent and beat him to death for trying to attack your base. I will say again, the game is worth the price just for that experience alone."
76561198007629015,Recommended,233860,32904637,Posted: 27 June,all,AZR,"it`s freedomyou can really choose your play stylethe graphic maybe not top classit`s hard? yes ,but when you get in you will know it`s challenge not just meaningless hard."
,Recommended,233860,32959548,Posted: 28 June,all,brew,"A game that makes you appreciate hardwork, and patience.  Led me to downloading so many more open world survival games due to how much of an accomplished feeling it gives you.  Will start playing more again knowing so much has improved too."
76561198000589595,Recommended,233860,24344856,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Roogna9001,I never write reviews but this is an amazing game and I would recommend it to my pet iguana......thats right its that good!!!@!
,Recommended,233860,22212380,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Sparky Bio,A love story about nobody(ies) who gets beaten up all the time.
76561197974417010,Recommended,233860,34717594,Posted: 3 September,all,Mark,"The unexplained, heartless, and down right cryptic nature of the this game's world makes the game.  The sheer challenge of exploration, variety of biomes bring such flavor and depth to the game.  If you looked up a map on a wiki you're doing yourself a disservice .   I'm 50+ hours in at the time of writing this and still enjoying the early access. Which is saying something as I have a strong distaste for Early Access.What this dev has built with a small budget over many years has given me more enjoyment than many AAA titles have in the past 5 years."
76561198059125205,Recommended,233860,33835560,Posted: 27 July,all,Dr Catweasel,"This game is endlessly entertaining. Yes, it's clumsy and unwieldy with regards to gear management, but honestly who cares? You can thieve, backstab, drug smuggle, assassinate, bounty hunt, treasure hunt, and more in a fluid and ongoing world. The game designers have laboured over this behemoth for many moons. If you enjoy free play, making your own tale, and endless replayabilty, this game is for you. I have been following this game for a few years and every time I return to it, it impresses and surprises. For fans of Mount & Blade, Men At War, swords, ninjas, Mad Max (albeit sans vehicles), and cannibals. Especially cannibals. 10/10"
76561198052463354,Recommended,233860,29443091,Posted: 23 January,all,Fëanor,"Kenshi.Purchased 16th Dec 2014.Playing as  Hive drone, one of 4 playable and original races (minus the obvious humans who have various subraces) whom I named Peaceful Kubo, I started in a Holy Nation farm, mining iron for Cats (the currency of the realm) I scratch a meager living from the rocks, I purchase greenfruits, grown on the farm I now reside on, I endure the soldiers racism as they march past on daily manouvers. I stare off to the north, alone, as the sun rises. I rush into the bar and sell off the last scraps of iron ore, buy food an animal companion and outfit it with baggage. I fill the bags with food and meds. And set off into the unknown abyss that is the desert sands. A scuffle between holy Nation paladins and some bone dogs breaks out, I swoop in, take some furs and a kit of Paladins armour and his blade - he wont be needing them - I now have a bounty of 2500 Cats on my head. As I travel northward to my freedom.Kenshi Includes -Good stuff-Base building, entire villages or even cities can be brough up by your hand and hard workSquad building and recruitment systemInteresting lore and an original world filled with interesting and unique species. Incredibly unique but grounded in some far flung future of man kind.A medical system consisting of injuring different parts of the body and having different detrimental effects.Skills level up by doing logical, approriate actions - run about with a super heavy load increases athletic skill and stregnth, actively researching increases science, etc etc..An utterly huge open world - But not too big so to as get dull and boring.Multiple factions, each with its own lore, likes, dislikes, predijuices and all the good stuff that makes the first steps into a new city terifying and awe inspiring.A dozen or so skills as stated affected purely by gameplay and how a character is played.Research for better, more upgraded items and building to help with your skills and your,Modding community is already bloomingBad/ not good points -Though the game does suffer slow down and the occassional crash (To cut a long list short my PC is far above the recomended specs)The game does take a few seconds to ""warm up"" and load in textures, models etc - its a big game.The game - if your unprepared for a ruthless world, is utterly brutal, this may be very off puttingThe game is without a doubt poorly optimized - BUT it has improved drastically since I firts purchased it.Yes I have pathetic playtime, owing mainly to my older♥♥♥♥♥♥poor build of a pc when i purchased the game, Now with a more powerful beast and several patches of content and optimisation the game flows - there is some slow down in certain situations (which for a game this size is no bother at all.)"
76561198061650592,Recommended,233860,26207411,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Gigglesticksnot,"It's great, get it. It's a slow start, but it's got a lot of depth to it. I would consider it to being similar to Mount and Blade (since that's a close comparison).2 words of advice:-DO NOT START OUT AS CANNIBAL HUNTERS-You should probably invest some training in Theivery by picking locks until you can steal items at 100% chance."
,Recommended,233860,26298389,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Isaac,"Pretty fun game, it's super addicting."
76561198023501206,Recommended,233860,34545285,Posted: 27 August,all,Wanaskiwin,"REally fun game. im not a top down gamer and i love this game. devs done good they could quit now and i'd be happy (as long as they opened the rest of the map for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles) loads to do and see. and you can look upward enough to see the sky and THERE IS A SKY. its really damn detailed! the characters really in 3 flavors but enough diverisity in many things to not make em clones for the most part 9but hey its still EA and its not easy to make 60 different faces when you got bigger fish to fry) games with out end and how you play is your perogative, its ur fault if u get bored.how ever if you brave the barrier of there isnt a forced quest line to do, then yeah it can get pretty repetitive once you've been there and done that. like i destroyed 2 of the factions i deemed dirty but didnt realize i couldnt own that city and increase my population (fine what ever) so i redid it and pounded out some serious cats (the murney of the land) and got all buyable buildings for both factions (took a few full days) and rebuilt my army and the rest is history. doing that again for no real reason.That being said that didnt happen with out help of mods. Increased squad cap, recruitable prisoners and training dummies that covers stats that you for some annoying and suicidal reason require you to suicide your troops till they dont shred like paper against factions who actually army for a living. which i wanna know how THEY got buff As F*ck. i love that the training dummies i have trains STR, TGH, DEX and a few other useful stats that are pretty obtainable by ya know... going to a gym and not punching random street people till u die or get buff. a squad of 30 is good if thats the number of soldiers you send to level a city. its not so good when you gotta suicide your stats in.Base building is fan freakin tastic like a crack on spastic. total user friendly. love it. its a bit buggy and they are finally making it so that buildings built on un even ground are gonna be level (YAY YAY YAY NO MORE SLIDING STUFF), because gates and houses built on a slope were either un enterable/exitable or if enemies or you were knocked out on one side you'd slide throu the door. and you can build pretty nice defensive turrets. Unfortunately turrets suck air, yes they work and are lethal in number (which is logical) but theres harpoon resistant armor which is BULL S H I T i mean yeah cross bow bolt resistant too (which is logical) but a 2x4 lathed into a cylinder with a massive pyramid spike on it with enough power to penetrate almost completely is still pretty deadly even when the target has almost 500 harpoon resistance, too bad you'll never cause actual damage. your only safe from invasion when they pass out from having no blood in them, how they lost it is magic (i mean 6 poons to the skull and the highest ranking soldiers KO???? F*CK THAT SH IT U GON B DED WITH A 2x4 STUCK IN UR SKULL LET ALONE 6 METAL SPIKES). now i know i got mods that adds in more ppl and more training that seems a little bit cheaty ( the mod goes as high as lvl 100 and higher) but it still takes fourkin days and its really boring to watch someone train to lvl 60 6 times (and i got to do that alot), theres been times i overbaked ppl and had halo spartans for an army (which was like lvl 300 across the board) and those times were really damn funny.I still recommend the game. i said a lot of stuff that points out some (imo) mega flaws that kinda ruin the game for me personally. but buy it you wont regret it for a few months."
,Recommended,233860,34845741,Posted: 9 September,all,Ghostsniper64,"I've owned this game for quite a while now (more than a year I believe), and I have to say that I love what this game is doing. The freedom to play the game how you like, and the brutal world that you survive/thrive in makes it worth playing, and the devs have been giving us a decent stream of new content to play around with. If you like sandbox rpg's, then Kenshi is definitely worth looking into.Pros-Basebuilding-Different factions-Large world-Namable characters-CraftingCons-Building walls can be buggy, requiring you to destroy and rebuild wall segments due to clipping issues sometimes.-While towns repopulate when people die, no ""new"" people ever show up other than the occasional roaming trader. This kinda makes the world feel stagnate at times if you are settled down or frequently visit a town. Shops refresh their inventories, but no new recruitable characters ever visit the town.-Lack of random ""encounters"" while traveling (would like to see some procedually-generated towns so that multiple playthroughs are interesting)*Would be a con, but is a planned feature*-Lack of faction interactionI'm excited for what is to be added to this game in the next coming months (map expansion) and I cannot recommend this game enough to sandbox rpg fans."
,Recommended,233860,33891861,Posted: 29 July,all,skiF,Spent first 3 hours of my gameplay being locked up in prison. 10/10 would do again.
,Recommended,233860,33940938,Posted: 31 July,all,Adrakar,"When i first saw Kenshi i thought wow this game looks like actual crap. but i decided to try it anyway because the whole You are nobodie tag line got me thinking Hey this may not be that bad.My most Memorable Journey so far:I started out near a town called Admag While traveling towards Admag i came upon a group of non hostile bandits. My first thought was hey lets fight these guys which resulted in the almost immediate death of my character but i decided to run at the last moment and make my way towards Admag. Upon reaching the town with the 15-25 bandits behind me I saw something akin to a miracle. The towns guards Had left the front gate and were taking up arms to meet the bandits at the gate. I watched as the Guards decimated the bandits looted theyre bodies and then proceeded to carry them into town.After those series of events i decided hey lets roam town and steal some stuff because i had heard stealing was a good way to make money. While perusing about town i noticed someone hobbling through the crowds of people and thinking huh i wonder why a injured naked person is roaming through town? I approached them just to realize it was one of the bandits i had led to the town and he had gotten out of jail but had no gear of any sorts. So i decided it was time for the hunt and i followed about a foot away from the bandits back until we got far enough away that the guards wouldnt intervene.Once i was far enough away i beat the crap out of the bandit over and over until he eventually died and did this for three days on the different bandits leaving town after getting out of jail. Once i felt i had enough skill to at least somewhat defend myself i decided to find a new party member which turned out to be a bald black guy named claw who was near death from starvation when i met him so i gave him some money and food and off we went to start our adventure into the world. Which eventually i came upon a small outpost and met a man named hobb.Now hobbs was obsessed with a legend of some ghost woman in a cave or something and something about her teeth being gold i cant remember what all he said about the ghost but he wanted to join someone on a adventure in the hopes of one day seeing it. So then came hobbs my new party memebr and off we wnet to start a town or more or less a mining operation in the desert. after a couple days of fighting bandit stragglers and seeing some new sights i decided to try and find the ghost hobbs spoke of.Unfortunately i never found her but found fogmen instead in which we barely escaped with our lived but we would not be deterred so we returned to the outpost we had made and proceeded to fight off a couple bandit ""invasions"" every so often losing the battle but not dying. and then i met the final member of my party a man named Blend he joined us wanting to become a warrior and bring honor to his name but instead he ended up becoming a slave after we were attacked by bandits and slavers came by and captured him. It was at that moment we knew we had to save blend so we mounted a rescue operation and summarily became slaves ourselfs.10/10 would try to save blend again"
,Recommended,233860,34448197,Posted: 23 August,all,jskyn,"Absolutely love this game. The graphics aren't the best, there are bugs, but damn it's a lot of fun. I love how weak you are in the beginning, working your way up is very rewarding.ProsVery rewarding and challenging character progressionFun combatExploring and learning about the worldBase buildingSurviving in a brutal worldGreat sandbox for creating your own storyConsEarly access bugs (to be expected)Some features are only partially implementedAI pathing over large distances can be goofyNo real tutorial (I realize this is ok for some, myself included, as we like to learn the game on our own)Gamers with slower systems may encounter some performance issuesIn summary, I would recommend this game if you are ok with the above. I am enjoying it quite a bit and still having a blast at almost 80 hours. Also please note that is a sandbox game, there is little to no direction or purpose. There are no ""quests"". You make your own story and interact with the world as you see fit. If that doesn't appeal to you, this is not your game."
,Recommended,233860,35207010,Posted: 25 September,all,bluntdrunk,"Have you ever really just wanted to beat the crap out of those people that stole your lunch money, but realized that even just one, let alone all of them, could leave you on the ground, crying in anger?  Well, Kenshi simulates the exact same feelings, in a wasteland!C'mon down and try the only game that makes you learn that if you're going to reach your lofty goals, that with a little help from your friends, you can finally beat the snot out of those punks and take *their* lunch money!Be the bigger person, albeit maybe not morally, and take the world one hapless bully at a time!  Make a gang!  Start a hobo camp!  Turn it into a city!  Kidnap world leaders and sell them into slavery!The world is your apple, so take a bite out of it!"
,Recommended,233860,27920574,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kodak Blak,"I have 113 hours in this game and I have yet to experience even half of what the game has to offer. There is so much replayability and content for you to experiment with, no two saves will be the same. Everyone who plays is able to create their own unique story; usually filled with alot of stealing, slavery, kidnapping and death... but unique nonetheless. The only real goal is to survive, so whatever way you go about it, whether its by living a farm life, building an empire, being a bounty hunter, a theif, a merchant, a cannibal hunter, a crusader, a King, a drug lord, or a slave... you will always find more to do (The list goes on). Probably one of the most underrated games on steam, this game really is a gem and you need to play it."
76561198014130009,Recommended,233860,10058813,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Snake of Antioch,I hope unarmed combat is an option at some point otherwise it has nice bones
76561198003992870,Recommended,233860,8646937,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Kevo,█▀▀░█░░█░█▀█░█▀▀░█▀█▀▀█░█░░█░█▀▀░█▀▀░█▀▄▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░▀░░░▀▀▀░▀░ ▀░█▀▀ ░█▀█ ░█ ░█▀▀░█▀▀ ░█▀▀ ░█ ░█░▀▀▀ ░▀ ░░░▀ ░▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░████░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░███████▄▄█░░░░░███▄▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░█
76561198015987416,Recommended,233860,7379260,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,The One Percent,"At the current build 0.50.0 the game is buggy and glitch, needs smoothing but is quite fun, i can only see this game getting better as it develops and even more intresting, Its a great game and i would recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,233860,7361154,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,good,"A really great, addictive and refreshing game to play. Your only task is to survive with or without the help from mercenarys you can hire. Kenshi feels like an RTS although a strong RPG presence exists in the storyline shaped by your actions along with complete randomness, this game displays a tastefull lack of overpowered introductions due to you entering the game as a regular person.A unique and consistently suprising experience enjoyable over many hours."
76561198000079221,Recommended,233860,8666644,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,"Sev, The Yoda","This game is still in the earlier stages of development, but it shows a lot of promise and a lot of character; however if you are looking for a boxed in and linear storyline look elsewhere because Kenshi is all about options in an open world!"
,Recommended,233860,7619148,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Skunk,"Kenshi is one of those games that once you start playing, it is very difficult to put down. I believe the 9.7 hours that I have on record is from one sitting. Unfortunately, the lack of content, performance issues, and bugs make it hard to come back. The one man development team is hard at work though, and continue to fix these issues and add more content. If you enjoy open world RPGs or city-builder RTS games, this may suit you very well. The desert landscape is fairly bland and I can't say I'm a huge fan of the asian theme, but they have mentioned adding new areas to explore. The map is fairly large and once you begin building your own city and army you won't want to stop. $20.00 is a bit steep at the moment, but I highly recommend Kenshi."
76561198058138987,Recommended,233860,7805937,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Neviem,Very nice game the idea of being nothing more than a human is very interesting and s is the design. Developers answer the feedback and the game is nicely building up with its updates. I am satisfied with my purchase and this is only alpha(or beta?) so the fial product will probably be awesome
,Recommended,233860,2601265,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Munchy,A game I'd love to see more people playing. Its incredible fun in terms of how much freedom you have to found your own small Empire. Get it early on while you can and lets help it grow to its full potential.
,Recommended,233860,7562754,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,OttoNL,"Still in early alpha stage but already so awesome. Grow wheat and hemp, make medikits, rum, weapons, armour, roam around the huge map and start wars or trade, almost everything is (or will be) possible.Edit:Over a year later I don't see any improvements. Maybe some features. However performance is worse and the UI is equally (if not more) glitchy.I saw regular updates and pictures of future races and animals and I got the idea that progress was going really fast, but based on what's actually in the game right now little seems to have changed. I'm sure there will be cool stuff in the future, but it's still far from done.Still a lót of fun though, if you know what to look out for.(For instance they sometimes keep walking for no reason. This could get you killed. But if you're on top of that it's no biggy)"
76561198063765659,Recommended,233860,8354541,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,robey.lemere,"I have played this game on and off now for about a year. It starts out as a slow boring day with not much to do, I get on my computer and see the blank white icon on my desktop named Kenshi. (: I click it and a couple day's seem to fly by. I think of how impressive this alpha has been especially because of the small development team (one very dedicated guy!) I am always curious as to what is going to be in the next patch and how it will shape the future of this game. It has so much potential and I look forward to seeing this game a year from now. (12/27/13 now) I highly recommend the this game to anyone willing to give something new a try. The game starts out a little slow, you have to grind a little and run away from a lot lol. But once you do it's well worth the gameplay. (I am a city building/raider)"
76561197970559003,Recommended,233860,429094,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Sketchy,"This is a great make-your-own-adventure type of game. It's like Sim City meets Command & Conquer meets Fallout with a bit of Road Warrior or 7 Samurai mixed in. You start out by yourself and can eventually recruit an army to your cause. Build up your own village, town, or base, and raid other villages, help others, or trade! It's very addicting for an alpha build! I can't wait to see what else is in store for it!"
,Recommended,233860,32520796,Posted: 17 June,all,Walter Senpai,"Rough start bit of a learning curve, but once you get going the game is great addivtive af."
76561198078912484,Recommended,233860,22912374,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Kc40k,"This game is a great game, and it surprised me.I had this game on my following for about a year, and my initial reaction was, ""eh, looks like it will never get finished."" But then I came back. The amount of freedom in this game and the difficulty are incredibly enjoyable. The music is nice and fits the mood of the game. But honestly, I can really describe the gameplay other than amazingly enjoyable. I would recommend this game to any stratgey or rpg fan, maybe even open world fans."
76561198035687714,Recommended,233860,30890670,Posted: 1 April,all,MrTibss,"With the state that it is currently in, Kenshi has proven that it is something worth keeping an eye on with alot of potential in the future. There are alot of options for roleplaying, allowing you to become a trader, a fighter, a bounty hunter, or whatever you feel like. There are alot of options for customization and building your own settlement legitimately feels like your carving out a little peace of the landscape for yourself, giving a sense of achievement and identity in the pretty fully realized world. The whole world is full of other characters and factions for you to interact with and understand and each one has its own set of rules, customs, and trades. you could get pretty invested in trying to make sure you stay on good terms with the faction you prefer, while also attacking and stealing from the ones that act like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s (♥♥♥♥ The Holy Nation). While the game is deffinitly rewarding, it is pretty brutal at the beginning, so dont expect to be crafting vast cities in under 50 hours. That and a few minor bugs do occasionally make the game frustrating, and it can run rather slow at certain times, but none of this really detracts from the overall quality displayed here. all in all, id say that the expiriance outways the minor bugs within it, and i can honestly say that this is a great title for anyone who is into exploration and crafting an identity in a rough and hardened world"
76561198067483715,Recommended,233860,30762760,Posted: 26 March,all,Randy Savage,"Before I begin, I won't sit around and pretend like Kenshi is a perfect game. You are looking at an Early Access title. Maps will get wiped. A town you spent hours building in that perfect spot between two mountains will be gone when the next chunk of the map releases. The game is constantly being changed, and will continue to be in that state for a long time. The graphics are somewhat dated, an artifact of when the game first came out. Collisions can be very buggy, and you will probably have to deal with picking up your squadmate that won't stop blocking the stairs. The autopathing will do what you want it to do half the time if the distance is further than 50 meters. At least once, the captured dude that you put down will rocket into the sky and fall like a meteor because you approached him from the wrong side. That being said, I'll go into what Kenshi is, and why I recommend it:As the description will tell you, Kenshi is an open world, squad-based RPG that takes place in a post-apocalypse style region (I say ""style"" because of some disputes about this canonically). ""Open world"" needs to be emphasized hugely. There is no overarching task to the game other than survival. Any goals you have in Kenshi are self-set. However, certain items can incentivize you to explore the world; a map from an old library that shows you the far-away location of an ancient armory, or a bounty for a bandit king, or a rumor from a crazy, inebriated man that turns out to be nothing. The absence of any concrete goal isn't new to the sandbox-survival genre, but it's fairly unique in Kenshi, where there isn't any multiplayer. I initially thought this would result in the telltale problem surrounding nearly all games in this genre, but I learned later that two main elements of the game ensure you don't exhaust it:1. The map of Kenshi is absolutely massive. Only half of it is available at the moment (as the developers are constantly working on new sections), but in my experience, going from the south end of the continent to the north took an actual, real hour without utilizing the speed features (Sims-style buttons that accelerate time). In my 31 or so hours of the game, between two squads, I have only explored a good quarter of the available half-map. The land is varied and unique as well. Swamps filled with wandering assassins and blood spiders, a crater brimming with robot spiders and horrible giraffe-like monsters that run as fast as a car, or river valleys dotted with small farms belonging to a theocratic empire. The developers have clearly spent their time cultivating each biome/area to make it feel alive, complete with ruins of an old space war, alien-like flora and fauna, and a soundtrack that mixes pad-based wasteland ambient noise with a strange asian tone to create an otherworldly tone.2. Kenshi is a difficult, unforgiving game. I am aware most people see that warning and roll their eyes, as every undercooked developement team tries to desperately convince the consumer-base that their game is ""the next Dark Souls"", a marketing tactic that needs doing away with. But Kenshi is truly the embodiment of unforgiving. If I can give one piece of credit to the trailer, it is for having the phrase ""the world doesn't care about you"". Nearly everything in Kenshi will try to kill you. I distinctly remember within my first five minutes of the game, my efforts to attack a group of hungry bandits resulted in my character being beaten nearly to death and stripped of his shoddy weapon. Everything in Kenshi starts out stronger than you. Becoming stronger in this game is a matter of how much you are willing to risk. You will not become better with a weapon by targeting weaker enemies. You constantly have to aim above where you are, and that risk can result in being imprisoned by slavers, or captured by guards, or kidnapped and eaten alive by fog-men. Even if you fail (assuming you live), some good comes from the encounter; you gain toughness, and will be harder to fall in the coming fights, as long as you tend to your wounds. This mechanic is the central point of Kenshi; you will not become better unless you fight someone better than you. So you need to find or buy some friends, train them up with you, and make a name for yourself.---------But what I find to be the most unique part of Kenshi is how you can become attached to these characters, despite them not being attributed with a real personality (save a fair amount of unqiue hires). I would save a slave passed out from bloodloss, nurse him back to health, and equip him with clothes, hoping he would join my party. And when he was kidnapped by northern cannibals and locked in a ruin with 50+ men well above my strength, I would try and devise a plan with my other party members to get him out despite it being much easier and efficient to leave him to die. Nothing would be gained by saving him, but we still did it because he was part of our squad.That is where Kenshi shines, at least for me. It makes you care about these people that have never uttered anything more than trade dialogue. It makes you chase after that old man that was really awful at learning how to swing the fragment axe that was too big for him, after he was imprisoned in a tower of the Holy Nation. It makes you keep that dumb-looking basket on that short dude's head because you're certain he has to wear it because you decided he was the assassin when you first rescued him. It makes you give every shiny new nodachi to that girl with the best armor, because she was your first recuit and you just know she has to get the good loot.Kenshi doesn't pull its punches. It is dedicated to making you fail and wiping your squad. Your death will likely not be ceremonious: you're probably going to die to skin-spiders more than you are to an evil slaver army you tried to attack. When you get imprisoned and your Katana worth 100,000 Cats is stripped from you, I hope you're ready to spend 30 actual minutes checking each container in each guardhouse for it. If you really really want that Falling Sun manufactured by the Catun Scrapmasters, you better be ready to spend a whole in-game night picking that 0.6% chance to succeed lock with the shop guard sleeping nearby. If you've finally decided you're sick of your friends bleeding out and you want to get some Skeletons (robots) on your side, you better start shelling out thousands of Cats for repair kids, or else they're going down quick. You will think you're invincible after finally finding an Edgewalker Naginata, and you will probably get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you by some bum with a rusty chopper that's done nothing but fight his whole life.You are never too high on the food chain to be invincible. Believe me, I know:I had raided all of the northern armories and found two Edgewalker weapons. I had a squad of 6 people: Dave, Kai, Soto, Hobbes, Kara, and Gynn. Through almost 20 hours of training, they had become true warriors. We had accumulated 120,000 Cats from our exploits, and were ready to finally settle down and establish a town for some money before we explored the next part of the map. Since the swamp was perfect for farming, we saw a little flat plane near the southeast on the map and decided to make our home there. We were off with nearly 30 building materials, a month's worth of food cubes, and some advanced health kits. When we finally got to the area, we noticed there were a fair amount of ruins, usually a sign of danger. And even despite this warning, we pressed on.And when we reached the plane, our long days of training, weapons worth their weight in gold, and samurai armor stolen from shops around the continent meant nothing. Against the blood spiders, swamp raptors, and acid rain, we were fallen within seconds and our unconscious bodies were eaten by the monsters. Weeks of training, great escapes, fireside meals, stealthy heists, and grueling battles - they were all undone in seconds.That is Kenshi."
76561198157202252,Recommended,233860,29012901,Posted: 4 January,all,PusPaw,"Addicted. While still a work in progress with an admittedly long development cycle, Kenshi offers dynamic factional interaction, a functioning economy, and a SPRAWLING world married to interesting lore. The sheer scope and freedom of self-driven narrative offer deep replayability, while the XP grind and research tree keep number junkies engaged.The depth can seem daunting as, right out of the gate, you're hit with a chargen system awash in variables. Stick with it. The core systems, be they crafting, research, farming, theft, or combat will shed their mystery in short order, leaving you free to create the game you wish, not the one a developer has decided you will undertake.Early on, embrace your failings. You'll die. You'll lose. You'll assail the heavens with ""WTF?"", but it's the best way for the realities of Kenshi's world to sink in. It's no JRPG and it can feel nearly cruel. That's just the fun you're feeling.Pros:+ nearly infinite replayability.+ engaging world-building with interesting and consistent lore+ the capacity to build BIG groups of henchmen / men at arms+ satisfying tech research / crafting / building+ the world is HUGE+ (in case you missed it) - the world is HUGE+ free-form gameplayCons:- early access (doesn't bother me, but some loathe EA titles)- infrequent world-breaks resulting from patches- graphical hiccups / oft-times bland imagery- upper tier hardware required for truly smooth play- a myriad of beta-level bugs and niggling issuesIt's hard to convey Kenshi's ability to capture the imagination. I haven't been this enamored of a title since the dawn of Space Engineers. Kudos and high fives all around both to the man responsible for this project from its birth, and the team he has recently surrounded himself with to complete it. Props."
,Recommended,233860,21307941,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Kynrav,"(from the store page)You are not the chosen one. You're not great and powerful. You don't have more 'hitpoints' than everyone else. You are not the center of the universe, and you are not special. Unless you work for it.at first you will hate it, you will curse lo-fi games for making this and eventually you will love it.for this is the best game ever.P.S. this is an alpha so yes there are so minor annoying bugs for now but nothing game breaking."
76561198128506170,Recommended,233860,22878697,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,a sideways mob,"You'll love this game. It will knock out your last character for 2 days, while your whole party lies bleeding out, a pack of dogs will decide your still warm bodies are worth living on top of till they go cold, and you'll have a blast trying to keep you're group from standing up and healing their wounds till they have some mob cover from the dogs. it's been vastly overhauled and is now a new game."
76561198280504794,Recommended,233860,28707418,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Arsène,"The adventures of Tsolag and Mountain dog:-Start off with a character and his puppy-Attack a pack of dogs on the road-Lose and almost bleed to death-Wake up and notice a fight between two factions-Wait it out and scavenge what's left after the fight-Reach a faction town, get beaten up and thrown in jail for looting-Get released and leave the puppy at the town-Notice slaves working near the town and free a couple of them-Escape with my new slave friends-Return to the same town after a while to reunite with grown elder super dog-Terrorize hungry bandits, start a base and raid other factions like a bossAn awesome game if you don't mind some bugs, then again i was playing on an experimental version. The map is huge, base building is really fun and combat is brutal. This is a game that will hit you hard from the start and shape you into a hardened and seasoned warrior capable of defeating multiple enemies alone."
76561198008014427,Recommended,233860,25961365,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,arkjab,"Spawned in Holy Nation territory.It's just me and my dog, Jasper.We got caught stealing food so had to runfrom the small village we spawned in.  Then got captured by Holy Nation soldiers and taken into a fortress.  Now I am stuck in a prison cell recovering.  Will try to pick the lock then rob these holier than thou basterds of their riches!!!"
,Recommended,233860,23423160,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Dicky_Joseph,"To begin with, this is a game for the patient, tedious-loving, and hardcore gamers, that seek a fulfilling experience.If you played the pre-CU SWG, and loved it, then you should feel at home in this. It's slow paced, and requires a bit of thought, and I swear you could write a book based off of the experiences of your character. From being enslaved, escaping, and becoming a bad♥♥♥♥♥ninja, to slaughtering entire cities with your army of samurai. You could, instead, buy a house in one of the towns and live a peaceful life as a trader/farmer. Don't want to buy a house? Build one then, but why stop there? Build a whole damn fortified town, guarded by ninja with freak'n harpoon guns.Great early access game, maybe one of the best.The devs also appear to be fairly active, so I can't recommend it more."
76561197992217326,Recommended,233860,23012801,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,saabman,"I'm sorry but this game is amazing, its like Sims with combat but better. I enjoy every update so far, you have to try this game to understand why."
76561198266941318,Recommended,233860,24659329,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Commander Temik,"I admit I havn't played 100 hours yet, but of the 30 somthing i did so far, all were well spent. Sure its a little buggy, but thats early acccess. Suprisingly, this game runs just fine for me, even on my potato of a laptop when set to low graphics (I would still recommend better though, cause we all know low gaphics are no fun.) I've only found one real bug with the latest update (wont let me build certain things anymore), but with my playstyle where i just run in and go ham with katanas,  it doesn't really bother me much. Ive also tried out some of the mods (YES, THERE IS MOD SUPPORT!) and found most of them to be stable in the experemental version. All in all, I truly enjoy this epic game.What I enjoy:Choose your own playstyle. You dont have to be the goodguy (I know I'm not).A wide variety of swords and armor with different stats.Four different playable species (with sub races too).KATANAS!Mod support.A big map (that is going to get even bigger).What I'm dissapointed about:There are a few bugs (Early access, Bugs are garanteed).No ranged weapons (yet).... Yep, that just about sums it up.Hope you found this review helpful :D"
,Recommended,233860,32614256,Posted: 21 June,all,Maxi Satan,"This game is absolutely glorious.You get beaten to death, robbed, eaten alive, taken into slavery, raided when you finally settle, but then your family get killed by wild animals and it's time to restart an another game. But it's good fun all the way. The combination of RPG and city building elements in this sandbox settings makes its replayability almost infinite.I haven't played Kenshi for years so I would not talk about the evolution of the game itself, but it seems to have come a long way with meaningful and steady updates.The UI is really the root of all evil and an overhaul would be glorious, but with a bit of perserverance it's not that bad, when you can understand the logic of its architecture. Graphics are poor but you easily can get over it if you can get into the game (at least I have).Anyway, this game is pretty unique, and I'm sure that it will not please everyone since it's hard and harsh, but once again if you can get into it and overcome the few first tries and failures, it's absolutely brilliant.About performances, Kenshi does not run well on my r9 290x & i7-3770k at maximum settings, but with some tweaks i easily get 60fps without sacrifying a lot in aesthetics and I didn't experience much crashes and bugs. The music is also pretty good.A strong recommendation."
,Recommended,233860,20363355,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,KoB,Games really awesome.
,Recommended,233860,8891520,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Ark of Truth,One of two early access games I have purchased.Kenshi is enjoyable and fun to play. Like others I purchased this game not knowing what to expect and was surprised when I found out it was created by only 1 person in their spare time.As far as sandboxes go this is one of the best I have ever played :)Worth playing to the point I purchased a copy to give to a friend.
,Recommended,233860,10243860,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Jonathan Wayne,Great game very fun to play. Any smat person would get it.
76561198119273564,Recommended,233860,23876526,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,BurningBulldog,"I honestly love this game. I hadn't played it in a while, and came to see if there were any updates, then I watched the trailer and now I am about to play a whole hell of a lot more with a brand new crew."
,Recommended,233860,31067706,Posted: 10 April,all,Makkar0nii,"You got to have a good PC to run this! Not because of the graphics but how big the map and the amount of npc/buildings/vegetation/animals inside the game!This game is currently playable!When i bought this game long time ago, I used to think it was abandoned. There was not a lot of things to do and there were a lot of bugs.However most of the old bugs are fixed but there will always be new ones so we must keep reporting!Now enough with the old past and gibberish that no one likes to read them.Let get to theProsandConsPros:1.A lot of replayabilities because of the different background stories where you start your game from. (You can add more with mods)2.There is Steam Workshop where you can add mods to the game which adds more fun.3.It is quite fun and you make your own stories.4.You get to build a settlement, make a huge clan and raid big bases.5.You can customize how your character looks.6.Huge map with npcs (You can add more npcs with mods)7.You can adjust your own difficulties.8.The combat is quite in-depth with different body parts which your character can get hit.9.You can imprison people and people can imprison you! (If you add mods, you can become a slaver)10.You can control your settlers at home while you go shopping. Meaning if your character goes to a far away place, you still have full control of both your character and settlers. (Similar to the Sims 3)11.Like most rpgs, there is experiences and stats. So there is grinding!This game has not been abandon yet. Which is already a good sign!Cons:1.Not a lot of content (Mods can counter this problem!)2.Slow update (Who can blame them? Developers are humans too)3.Not really that great graphics (Probably due to how big the map is or my PC need some upgrades!)4.The building mode is quite annoying because of the terrain which bothers me a lot. You will encounter unnecessary slanted buildings similar to Fallout 4 settlement building. (I am the type of person who likes to make pretty bases)5.Crashes a lot after a few hours of gaming so be sure to save a lot! (Probably because i put a lot of mods.)6.Bugs (Just report them!)Meh?Don't know whether it is right or wrong.1.There is no linear story.2.It's a very random game.3.I used collections for my mods.4.No guns. (except turret which is stationary)5.No transport. (Be it horses or vehicles)6.No special skills or perks?This is my review and if the game has updated more content or whether the game is completed or the game is abandoned.I will come back and edit this review."
,Recommended,233860,8328613,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Protowhore,It has come a long way since it first came out. The idea of the game is new. You're are not a hero and are not gonna save the world. Instead you gotta defend yourself by all means possible and recruit people for your cause. Feels RTS like.
76561198116539300,Recommended,233860,9883409,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Maiton,"Kenshi is one of the best free-roaming RPG i've ever seen. I recommend it because even though it has many bugs, it's a very fun game. You can choose several ways to start the game, certain classes are more strategic and others are created for a direct style of play. Although it isn't without flaws as bugs and bandits that will follow you forever, this game will will keep you busy for at least a good 80 hours!"
,Recommended,233860,15460708,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,[Pwny]AUNTY BUTTFUCKER #DOGE,"Terrible pathfinding. ""Oh, you need to to work on this stone processor right next to me? Let my just go unlock that gate over on the other side of town first.""Aside from that though it's pretty good."
,Recommended,233860,28464657,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,nex,"recently i've been sinking dozens of hours into this and i decided i had to write a review. this is a openworld RPG with enormous freedom of choice.. have played since oldland (0.4 or something i think) and this game is what i like to see in RPGs..Story:this is a RPG that plays in a postapocalyptic wasteland thousands (?) of years after an extinction event and now people fight with swords and sticks because technology has mostly been lost..Freedom of Choice:tons of factions each with distinctions that set them apart (cannibals, zealots, ninjas etc..) so you can meaningfully change what kind of playstyle you want to use.. you can be a farmer, raider, trader.. kind of reminds me of x3 and other space-sim gamesHigh Customizability:choose between 4 Races and change your appearance with tons of slidersModding / Workshop:I have no experience with modding but with the tools provided by the devs (FCS - forgotten construction set) you can get at the guts of all the settings ingame that govern how the world and you / the NPCs workActive Development:this game has been here for quite some time and has already changed very much from the first versions and while the experimental branch (testing version) sometimes has bugs its very much enjoyable and improvingall the time.."
76561197979402731,Recommended,233860,30928415,Posted: 3 April,all,Zatio,"This is one of those rare games on steam that is pretty good, for me atleast, i have had a great time playing this game since i got it years ago.Tho its taking a long long long time to get anywhere its still happening and i understand that making games takes time.There have been changes to the game over the years, i liked the desert zone they had better then the new map but i am sure i will come to like it just as well after the map is properly done.The game delivers on its squad based gameplay, the combat is fun, the base building is pretty good, the crafting is nice.There is plenty to do in game right now making it worth buying the game right now.But if bugs and an unkown release time is a bother to you then i recommend you wait until after they are done making this epic game before you buy it, but if that is not a problem for you then i recommend this game 100%."
76561198282229190,Recommended,233860,28268634,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Bulletz4Breakfast,"Absolutely fantastic, once you figure out the UI/ controls, its really addictive.Cant wait for more content to be implemented."
76561198122044179,Recommended,233860,23925991,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Lion Heart,"This game might have bad graphics, a clunky camera, and lots of lag, but it is still in the early access stages, and its fun. its very addicting for me mainly because it seems so hard to get a good start. i bought this about a week ago and ive already spent to whole days playing it, its that fun, if you are looking for a fun addicting challenging game, buy this game, if your looking for a beautifully sculpted highly optimized amazing graphics game, then stay away, its THAT simple."
76561198065747268,Recommended,233860,24605912,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,drayelya1,"Alright, I've only logged 111 hours into this bad boy but, I have to say totally worth the time spent if you're a gamer. It offers an unique challenge depending on how you want to play. It has some kinks for sure but, its worth the buy. Lets not forget how funny it(and its glitches)can be sometimes. I gotta tell ya, seeing your guys running through the wilds with two broken arms is hillarious whe its sped up to max.Now as far as gameplay the x5 mode is really just for travel when you're impatient. Not to mention it can be taxing on your system. The farming system is as good as it gets for the time being and its simple. The hunger system has changed how survival works since I started the game. The combat system is nice to and you can get into some epic battle scenes after awhile. There is a fairly fresh take on the various races with a little mystery heaped onto them as well. You have nations, slavers, bandits and wildlife. Its really a good game and its only going to get bigger from here. The devs are aways on top of their stuff as far as I can tell and the community is pretty good too.Needless to say if you want a different type of experience and challenge give Kenshi a shot. It takes awhile to get used to but, its totally worth the time spent. You can be a trader, a farmer, a thief or, just go around and merc everything. Not to mention the world has an air of mystery about it the whole time. Just roam around and you'll find all kinds of stuff from ruins to, dare I say it, robots!"
76561198017218239,Recommended,233860,15081579,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Spartacus,"I decided to go wih the freedom seekers for the idea of making a nation and conquering Kenshi. Day one My group and i travel about a 2 minute run from a town to begin building our haven (incase we get overran and have to book it). If you attempt this the first tech you should learn is makeshift walls. By the second day a little post at the top of the screen had said. Aldonia (name of my town) has been noticed by starving bandits. I only had one gate because i thought my walls would hold. Nope i was wrong. 20 bandits came like the Fire nation. They breached my gate. The Old solider and I ran to battle to defend our workers so they could get to safety. They saughtered us all and looted everything. This game is challenging yet appealing at the same time. If you like the sims, with apocalyptic feel and sword fighting. This is your game to try."
,Recommended,233860,14632901,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Mentalyll,"Kenshi is a a golden egg that it's developers have to sit on for a while. Updates are'nt exactly a weekly thing, but considering their team size, and the fact that this is a gem being polished I would still rate this game as one of my best buys from Steam. Ever. Suck on that, triple A studios.9/10 game11/10 if you like sand!"
76561198049080915,Recommended,233860,23184087,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Eviltwinky,"Time to buyI’ve been following Kenshi since steam first started greenlight. At that time there was no sound in Kenshi, the world was bare bones, heck the whole game was obviously very bare bones. I really liked (and still do) the idea though. I like to play this game as sort of a city builder.Step 1 - make an outpostStep 2 - farmStep 3 - Profit.This is the first time in about 3-4 months that i've even started the game. I was waiting for more to be ready. I must have picked a good time because the game is now feeling very alive, and complete. I might as well say goodbye to the next 100+ hours of my life now."
76561198031235256,Recommended,233860,16321587,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,scott1,Slow development great potential I must admit I have not done much with the game since I got it but I pick it up every other month to see what has been changed and I can say this is pretty awesome. I can't wait for it to be finished!!! =D
76561198151100666,Recommended,233860,16072171,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Onii,i love the gameit very open world
76561198009817851,Recommended,233860,25042601,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Jedi Master Ailan,"Love this game, quality updates, great team. Really enjoyed owning this game and seeing the constant updates. One of the best Indie games IMO.9/8/16 Follow-upMan it just keeps getting better. One of the few purchases where I truly got my moneys worth.12/28/16Still development going strong. Release some DLC so I can pay you guys again for all the support."
76561198026309471,Recommended,233860,17581523,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,ZemRam,"Nice idea but the implementation bad.+ Postapolypthic Desert Ninja Knight stuff!+ Party based!+ Allot of Party based members+ You can build a town with your party+ Do some research- FPS drops on a GTX1070- Unstable for a while now. ( getting more stable )- Not allot of items-̶ ̶T̶h̶e̶ ̶i̶n̶t̶e̶r̶f̶a̶c̶e̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶n̶o̶t̶ ̶t̶h̶a̶t̶ ̶g̶r̶e̶a̶t̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶i̶t̶ ̶s̶o̶m̶e̶t̶i̶m̶e̶s̶ ̶i̶s̶ ̶i̶n̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶w̶a̶y̶ ̶(̶ ̶O̶l̶d̶ ̶g̶r̶e̶y̶ ̶o̶n̶e̶ ̶w̶a̶s̶ ̶b̶e̶t̶t̶e̶r̶ ̶)̶- Bad community, ask for help you will get deleted by mods if its sensitive to the face of the game.- Tiny updates for a long time now.There's the potential but nothing is done with it wich is the biggest dissappointment and this is for a while now.I've only bought the game in hope that the money will help the dev get of there asses and maybe use another engine.Because this one seems like its a school assignment with the unity/ogre engine wich ruins every game i've liked so far.Mostly these games play well in the begin but when you start to make more chars the most simple games will start to stutter!You can make a shop but nobody comes byY̶o̶u̶ ̶c̶a̶n̶ ̶b̶u̶y̶ ̶f̶o̶o̶d̶ ̶b̶u̶t̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶c̶h̶a̶r̶s̶ ̶d̶o̶n̶t̶ ̶e̶a̶t̶ ̶f̶o̶o̶d̶.̶You can build a city but everything needs allot of space since the paths are so buggy/crappy.You can declare war, but nobody cares they dont come attack your townIf anyone knows a FPS drop free area let me know!"
76561198056318229,Not Recommended,233860,22310669,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,penhippieblush,"even with all the new stuff added, the hardest part of the game is trying to run it. too many crashes to recommend this game.Update: 5//2016trying out the experimental build of the game. I can't seem to build anything in the game. Must be a bug of some kind. Trying out a new race is interesting and yet it seems more difficult due to the crazies in game. As of now i am enjoying the game but since i can't build anything in game (using those robot looking guys to avoid starving) i'm just pretending that its a bandit simulator :D ."
,Not Recommended,233860,31900180,Posted: 22 May,all,Shhawke,"I like this game, NO seriously i do but this is not what i expected after spending so much time in this game and playing many campaigns. First let me talk about the game itself: in kenshi world everything that happens feels real in a sense that it could happen in real world too. Kenshi offers you no story line, no grand plan to follow and no hero staff. You are but a simple person in a harsh wasteland, all you gotta do is Survive by forming groups, hunting, trading, scavenging, you name it, you could do it and that’s the real point. How you proceed is up to you from the start. After all this time still in early access, game feels somewhat broken (unfortunately it’s buggy) and worst of all is dropping features and branding them luxury.Before I continue I should mention my intention is to give some inside and leave the choices to you.  As I mentioned above the developers decided to name some features luxury and dismemberment is one of those features that is going to be dropped. I disagree with their assessment. I think kenshi’s success intertwines with its elements similarity to the real world situations and for example dropping dismemberment would be a significant blow to that aspect.Thumbs down for me and thanks for reading. Whether you buy this game or not it’s your decision to make. All i can say is you should try the demo first (download it atlofigames.com)and don’t forget to see the road map and final features plan while at it."
,Recommended,233860,12611769,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Zsah,"This game is the only game that I do not delete from my computer, because I love it. It has come a long way from it's begining. I have looked around with the negative recomendations. I have seen alot of the reviews were written in 2015. I felt like it should be updated. So the graphics are not outstanding right now. I run GTX 1070 FTW. Have graphics at top and I would say they look like, late 2004 RTS gaming graphics. And yes, there are still bugs. But they have been cleared out for the most part. You are hardpressed to find one that breaks your game.The Dev's have been really active. They fixed problems and constantly keep pumping out updates and patches and content release. The action is pretty fun, id give it a 9/10 for action. When they fight, imagine seeing a bunch of skinny kids swiging rusty pieces of metal around and bash one another. But then, they started making the fighters be able to block, and it's legit. If buddy swing's his sword from top to bottom. Buddy who defends will place his blade in the proper position and proper angle.You can buy animals from farms to use them as pack animals. You can build a base. You can trade with cities and traveling traders. You can now have actual conversations with people. Met with a Holy patrol. I had a black person in my group. *Yes The holy people are really racist and believe everyone but white people want to kill them and undermine them* I pretended that he was my slave and that I needed him to bring the word of their cause to the un-pure. He didn't attack us. Another time, I was walking into a city, i got stopped by a guard, he demanded to see what was in my pack. *I was bringing in drugs to sell which are illegal* I knew if I let him look in, id be screwed. so I tried to talk my way out of it, this dude, was too pure for his own good.So he began being hostile to me, I ran back to my base which was not far off at all. By then I had defences. they came in range and suffered greatly in their attack. I ended up taking them as slaves, but kept the♥♥♥♥♥hat who caused all the problems in the cage and only release him time to time to get mauled by wolves, patch him up, and place him back in his cage. The rest have all come to my side eventually. You actually have to convince them of your side by talking to them. Sometime it takes time and starving them. lolSo you see, you really are in a sandbox game. You can have a blast. With time, *I don't think too much time left really, they are starting to get close to final release I think* You will get everything you could ever want in a Open Sandbox RPG. Just don't ask for Multiplayer. Yes it would be great, But like the awesome game series X. There won't be Multiplayer. But believe me when I say, you won't care about that when you get in it. Cheers!"
,Recommended,233860,15449728,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,《CheezeIsGouda》,This game is like my best buddy.He beat on me until I could beat him.
76561197975384901,Not Recommended,233860,28980483,Posted: 3 January,all,No Name Given,"As of January 2017, the play experience Kenshi has offered has declined for several years in ways not attributable to the normal churn of development, to evolving code and ideas, or to the good and bad experiments we hope to see during development. So, I think it is fair to consider it one the very, very few early-access titles that can and should be ""reviewed"". But, it is an early access title and a normal ""review"" would be pointless and unfair. Instead I'll summarize whyI recommend to hold off deciding to buy or not to buy for now.In a nutshell, what began as a great little gem with a focused and tight presentation and play experience, lacking only in polish and game-mechanic features, has become a bloated, unfocused fever-dream of bad user interaction, inscrutable play, poor reliability, and abysmal rendering performance. The only area that has improved is the length of the checklist of features implemented. But even those feel scattered, random, and not truly essential to furthering the core of play. Kenshi used to seem it was destined to be a master of one thing, now it is an amateur of many.Given that long and steady trajectory, so opposite in direction to its early course, I would recommend holding off on a purchase decision until LoFi releases this and it exits Early Access. Put it in your follow list, keep an eye on it, see how the critics and lets-players you respect get on in their games and hope, as I do, LoFi will prove me utterly wrong with their 1.0, because the early promise and execution were wonderful once and sothere is still reason to hope."
,Not Recommended,233860,25875032,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,claiminglight,"Dang...  I helped to greenlight this game. It was actually the first one I ever voted yes for.  And I've followed it since then, waiting for it to become complete enough for me to want to give it a try.And so I tried it today. And I'm a bit saddened by my disappointment. It reminds me of the old Neverwinter Nights mods that were just vast tracts of open space with occasional randomly spawned monsters. Those weren't games. Those were templates for games. I could open up the NWN toolset and hammer out something like that in 45 minutes. People oftendiddo that.So Kenshii looks like it's just a template for a game. And, given that it's in the .9x version series now, It appears to me that the vision for it may not shift very much. Oh well. :("
,Recommended,233860,10259795,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Hunny Bunny,"An interesting, innovative game created by one guy. In it's early Alpha stages it's completely playable, but with minor bugs and some major crashes. If you're a fan of Mount and Blade's open world, KOTOR's combat, and Elder Scrolls's skill system then you'll have a blast with this game. Along with the similarities to the title I previously listed, Kenshi also has a fully creatable town system where you can craft buildings, create your own town, sell your wares to NPC travelers and merchants, and get raided by bandits. It's a unique experience and a fun, slow-paced game where every squad member counts, and every swing of the enemies sword could mean death to your party."
,Recommended,233860,10315833,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,FlyingFoxes,"If you mainly play survival or rpg games, you may fall in love with Kenshi. If you enjoy customising a game to your own tastes or creating your own story, this is the game for you! Despite being early access and missing many of the features to be implemented in the final game, this game has so much content and so much potential. Currently, for me, the only downside is the bugs, but early access often comes riddled with bugs. Luckily the current ones don't make the game unplayable.The pros:-Lots of customisation-Huge map (with bigger map in the making)-NINJAS!-SAMURAI!-Solid economic and trading system-Enjoyable combat-Build a town/fortress/prison/camp any way you want-Deep weapon and armour crafting system-Custom team building (custom names, looks, armour, weapons, strengths and weaknesses)-in-depth character customisation-quicksave (F5) (you will be thankful if it crashes..)Cons:-Bugs (can be quite rare, but often frustrating. Verifying game cache can often fix the bigger bugs)-Crashes (even more rare, mainly happen after hours of having the game open)-TELEPORTING UNCONSCIOUS GUYS!!!All in all, well worth the low price it is, a game with incredible potential that will suit most play styles. Recommended."
76561198027858003,Recommended,233860,9271779,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,BloodyMistress2,"The game clearly has many bugs still to be worked out but i can see that with a little more ironing out, it could be something great. It could go either way still at this point but still a very fun game."
76561198043460976,Recommended,233860,9942453,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Sika,still have abit off work to do on this game but but they are geting there a great game by all acounts
76561198068655370,Recommended,233860,9624823,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,cdempsey56,Great! Can't describe it anyother way. I can't wait for more updates!
76561198019866807,Recommended,233860,9629461,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,superweiner!,Overall a great game but at times it can be a hard to get used to.
,Recommended,233860,9968644,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,[NCE] McDerp,"One of the most ambitious and creative strategy games I've had the pleasure to play. Multifaceted RPG-City Building-Micro managing-Squad based(soon) strategy honeycluster of a game. Think open world Dungeon Siege 1 with city building, crafting, trade goods system with more stats to level up than things to do in real life. Currently it is still in alpha and enjoys frequent crashes and multiple game-breaking glitches, so don't buy into it just yet if you'd get annoyed at game crashes every 25 mins of gameplay, but do keep this game in mind. Amazing soundtrack, unique immersive atmosphere, fantabulous HP system and over all spectacularly well thought out game mechanics. This game is so good it made me write my first review on anything ever. ehrmagherd kenshi, please get funded by a gajillionaire so you can be completed ASAP."
76561198032820954,Recommended,233860,8943025,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Juicy Broccoli,"Awesome game. It is currently in alpha, but I could (and have) play for hours on end. The mechanics are stellar and, while buggy and incomplete, really make the experience a unique one. You can do just about anything you'd want to do in this game, save for maybe taking on a group of bandits solo. The combat is difficult, so taking on enemies should be done strategically so as to not get yourself killed. Luckily, you can hire as many companions as you'd like to help you take on the baddies. Want to build a base for manufacturing goods, weapons and armor? More power to you! Want to build an army to ravage a nearby town? Better start training! The possibilities are near endless.All in all, I cannot wait for this game to hit 1.0 version. If it keeps going at this rate, I've no doubt it will be extremely successful. GET IT NOW!"
76561198006276140,Recommended,233860,9200214,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,[killjoy],"EARLY ACCESS IMPRESSIONSIf and when this game reaches completion, I will update this review as necessary.That being said, for an Early Access game, I would still recommend this to anyone looking for a fun free-roaming open-world RPG. There are various starting scenarios, though ultimately you play a character (or characters) stranded in the middle of nowhere; the overall objective - to be or not to be completed at your leisure - is to recruit other survivors and literally build a community from the ground up that you can all survive the many dangers of the harsh wasteland within. One of the main draws is being able to control upwards of 20+ characters (believe this number will eventually be much, much larger) who are capable of doing various jobs: farmers, scientists, labourers, bounty hunters, warriors, bodyguards, thieves, assassins, engineers, merchants, traders and more; the neat thing here is that all you need to do to train a skill up is to use it, which allows any given character to potentially do anything and everything you'd like them to.Graphics aren't much at the moment, but this game will likely never have a huge emphasis on visuals since you will spend most of the time zoomed out far enough out to not care. The sound is coming along nicely, so far, though it definitely needs more work. AI isn't fully implemented yet and is a bit single-minded, but the 'to-do' list in this area is sounding really promising at this point. Still. The game has a certain addictive quality to it."
76561198003454514,Recommended,233860,28051649,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Abelardo Rodrigues 25,"This game is awesome! Every time it updates (it's real fast if you know the size of the team working on it).It's a long way to finish it, but i know that in the long run, i'll always come back and do a new playthrough hahaha"
76561198003824335,Recommended,233860,28037108,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Cosmik Debris,Great hybrid of genres.
76561197995717905,Recommended,233860,28035453,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Threnix,"Unique and fun to play, despite very poor stability in alpha. Amazing potential."
,Recommended,233860,10012204,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Varaj,"Still in development, but has great potential"
76561198054538353,Recommended,233860,11159540,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,CawkmeetSandweech,"This game has a ton of potential.  And I don't just say that based on the projected features, I base that on how it feels.  As I play it, I get the feeling that as development continues the game world will become a complex and interestng place, and the different facets of the gameplay will compliment it.  It is ambitious, with base building, diplomacy, squad-based tactics, and rpg elements.  If all those come together, it will be an extremely unique game.The development is continuing steadily, it is not a project that is abandoned.  When I read about all the planned features I almost worry that the developer has bitten off more than he can chew, but the progress that has already been made proves otherwise.As it is early access, there is not a large amount of things to do within the game world yet.  However, a significant map expansion and diplomacy/faction system are a couple of the updates coming down the pipe, and if they are as advertised this game would be justified in shedding the ""alpha"" tag once they are released.A couple of the game mechanics are clunky, it can take 5+ minutes to sell all the items in my squad's inventory due to having to run around to different merchants in the towns.  However, the game attempts to be realistic in many respects and this is one that reflects real life, a merchant likely wouldn't be able to take a dozen sets of armor off someone's hands in real life.  Although I complain about the selling system, I can see that it was purposefully done to make the game seem realistic; it is not just something that was poorly implemented or was not though through well enough.As it is alpha, my characters do get stuck in walls occasionally, it is NOT a common occurrance however.  It is easily fixable too, just save the game and reload with a ""reset squat position"" option.  This is another example of the thought put into it by the developer; he recognizes that its deveopment status could cause bugs, but implemented a system to allow people to enjoy their experience despite it.  And the bugs really are few and far between for me.I really think this game is going to be something special.  Aside from the planned features, it just has the feel of something that will be a great experience."
,Recommended,233860,8965491,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Legate Manius,"At first I thought I wasted my money on the game, but then I sat down and played it for a few hours. Then I was like this is AWESOME, why has no one else done something like this? To me it creates its own setting and genre. Kudos to the creators and I wish them luck as they continue making this game. I can't wait till they finish"
76561197994953212,Recommended,233860,11013198,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Toanican,"Oh my god this game. An alpha that i've consume so much hours and it's still the case to transform into weeks. The first time i saw those image and thoses tags i was like... what the hell... I MUST TRY THIS!!! and oooh boy i don't regret my choice. Kenshi is a squad based rpg where you're basicly a rat in a giant world. Depends on witch start you choose, the journey beggane with you, mostly with a pants a rusty sword, and you strove the desert to make your legend. In this game, your an ant at the very begganing. imagine that you, normal guy/guurl of all day decide to take a sword and start off you're companie. As you fight and fight, you'll learn what a true fight is. you can literraly see your character getting better at fighting. faster, wiser, deadliyer. Recruits other squad members, engineers, medics, fighter, then train and equip them : cloth, plate, mail, depends on your play style. like all plating knights style? alright. you love it fast and ninja style? alright! take what suit your play style. The fight system is an awesomly done speacking of dynamics and there is a limbs system that we can think of the fallout 3 limb system. If the Hp of a limb go to 0, either he or she won't be able to use that limb and if its a vital limb (head chest stomach) then they'll be K.O and need some medical attention. If the HP bar of thoses vital limb go to a certain negative treshold, those wounds are deadly. That's how you know that one of you mate have died in combat. This realistic mechanics also request of you to take care of your mate and leave them time to heal up, before going out and start murdering again. Go out in this majestic and awesomely well done desert. i'm totally serious here : i've passed several minutes just watching the dune, mountains and the horizon. ALOT of work as been put into the enviroment, and you feel it as soon as you have that sand in your sandals. Also, the map is ENORMOUS. Sometimes i was even saying to myself : jeez... i have to walk all that? but the reasons i'Ve just said make that you want that walking experience in this wounderful desert. Make a gigantic and prosperous town or a secret Samurai HQ, trades, fight, you really are the master of your own destiny. no missions or objective, simply survive and make a good and badass living. it's a sandbox where you do what you want and of course what you can to survive. Start off as a battleground looter to a blademaster to a rich caravan traders, to a formidable bandit or cannibal hunter, Be a bounty hunter and capture bad guys for ransom, or be the inquisitionning justicar and bring their judgment. the choice is yours. your blade awaits and the sand is thisty for blood. Get that game and start your legend!!!P;S : sorry for the tones of grammar errors.Have a great day wandering the dunes!"
,Not Recommended,233860,10298755,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,✪ laika,This game is so unbelievably slow and broken at this point that it's near impossible to get started without it freezing or boring you to death.
,Recommended,233860,21728198,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,YourAverageJoe,"No matter how badly this game ♥♥♥♥s you, you'll always find yourself coming back for it."
,Recommended,233860,18959752,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Kilo,"Amazing purely amazing, gives you the most freedom in a RPG game Ive seen in a long time."
,Recommended,233860,24501249,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Crackpixel,Only Reason i bought the game is to support the dev.Keep on going mate!
76561198070171287,Not Recommended,233860,26759177,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Blessed,Maybe one day... it will get there...maybe....
,Recommended,233860,10651503,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,StuGBro,"Made a guy that was a mongoloid. Spent 2 days picking a lock, then proceded to lure bandits to the town for easy loot. After much looting I thought it would be a nice time to leave my safety net... I built a small shack, and was loving it, then a evil gang of sand ninjas circled around my shack. The leader emerged yelling ""Oi! Come out 'ere pansy"". So I complied with the bandits. I walked out there and they offered to be best friends for the ""small"" price of 2,000 cats. Being the poorfag that bark was, had to decline. They enclosed me, and beat me into a small coma. They lingred there until I woke up and finished the job, and left me out in the desert to die. It took 3 days to die.10/10 would die again"
76561198019536204,Recommended,233860,9273158,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,DjDrowsyBear,"I'm writing this during the Alpha 0.62 phase of development.Positives:Self-set goalsInteresting worldEpic mass battlesA wide range of gameplay optionsDetailed battle system and character creationNegatives:Self-set goalsMany bugs (for now)A lot of patience requiredvisually bland environment (endless desert)I got this game as soon as it was released on steam and I can say that it is absolutely fun to play. It has plenty of bugs (for now) and there are many unfinished aspects of the game but that is alright. Whatever this game is lacking right now it makes up for in excess with its gameplay. You do not start strong and there is nothing designed to be ""easy."" In fact, you will get demolished by anybody at the start of the game. The real fun for me came from building up my squad (I started with two characters, i now have 20) creating a town of my own, and then using my expanding reserves of money, skilled fighters, and tradesmen to utterly dominate anyone who crossed my path. Be warned though, because of the nature of this game it takes a LOT of patience. If you are able to strive through that though then it will be both extremely rewarding and enjoyable for you.I expect many great things as time goes on and can't wait to see the new game dynamics which will make this even better in the future."
76561198012469562,Recommended,233860,27164354,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Warmaster,first hour - 3/10tenth hour - 9/10 all day long
,Recommended,233860,10470810,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Izuela,"It's half finished, buggy and incredibly fun if you're into the RPG/simulator/strategy genre. It reminds me quite a bit ofThe Guild 2(also sold here on Steam). It's a bit unstable. I crash about every 2-3 hoursI made character, picked the origin where you start with a broken arm and a stick in the middle of nowhere. I was the gimpies gimp that have ever gimped. Knowing what to expect from reading other reviews I looked at my map and headed for the nearest town. As expected my crippled self attracted the attention of some bandits on the way. Knowing that fighting them would be brief and pointless I just kept running (bravely) away. Made it to a town and hid. The town guards dispatched the bandits. When it was safe I sauntered back out and started looting, making several trips to the local shops. After I had confiscated all the bandit possesions and profited I headed to the nearest tavern and recruited some backup. I could now confiscate things twice as fast!And that's pretty much how things went for a while. Traveling from town to town, luring bandits along into town guard ambushes, recruiting more and more people. Invested in some backpacks. I even started getting a little bolder and would help the townguards with dispatching these outlaws. My people would get hurt and sometimes even knocked out but I always made sure everyone had first aid kits on them, ready to patch a fallen friend up.  Before I knew it I was leading a group of 20 people, 18 females and 2 males (amazons!),  and we could actually kill single groups of bandits alone without the help of town guards.  It was time to build an outpost!Outpost life is hard. Not a day goes by without getting hassled by bandits, ninjas or cannibals. It didn't take long before I decided to pay the Dust Bandit faction off to leave me alone. One payment and they havent bothered me since. That cut the constand hassling down to about half and made it manageble. I can usually handle any town ambushes but I do sometimes get overrun and have to make a run for it to the closest town (Brink). But I finally finished the wall surrounding my outpost and my little group gets stronger every day!"
76561198023998934,Recommended,233860,10341723,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Tartanic,"This is the first early access game i have bought, and i am verry happy with it.  There are some bugs, but it is still in alpha so that is to be expected. Just recently started building my own town and the first attempt ended horribly with all, but one of my squad getting killed.  I was so upset watching them die while i was helpless to do anything, as i had been training each to specialize in different skills.  I reloaded a save file (save as often as you can) I worked twice as hard to prevent their deaths. I would recommend this game to any of my friends. I can't wait to see what future patches hold in store for this game, if you are on the fence check out youtube for let's play series featuring this game.  That was how i ended up making my decession to buy."
,Recommended,233860,15811560,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,=AJSA= Edward,"5 years of alpha really is too long for a game, but look at the progress these past months now. the new map and races and everything. the development is going and as soon as they are done with the new map and pathfinding, the developemt will speed up. many negative reviews calls on this game because its early acsess while its been a five year alpha. can you really blame the devs. the indedb didnt get as much money as they expected. still the keept pushing the game and when it got greenlit and put on early accses the devs start getting that money they need to make the game. I cant ♥♥♥♥ing wait til the new map comes along."
,Recommended,233860,22987350,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Mert@VEVO.Soundcloud/Youtube,"My favorite feature of this game is the not responding mini-game and luckly you get to play it extremely often.But real talk this game dank af, just needs some more crash fixes."
76561198064819095,Recommended,233860,25772667,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,raykj02,"This seems like the start of something great.  Not complete, of course, but I do look forward to the completion of this dream world, while hoping that it doesn't destroy my computer.Oh, and thanks so much for getting me enslaved in the town that advertises itself as a refuge for escaped slaves."
,Recommended,233860,24341612,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,JustPullen,"I played it for a couple hours. I lost 2 soldiers to wild dogs, a farmer to starvation, and my favorite character to cannibals. I think I'll keep trying."
,Recommended,233860,25174493,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Xen0sys,Great game. Hard as hell in the beginning.
76561198097010925,Recommended,233860,21647974,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,regkoestoer,"I've been robbed by bandits, got my people eaten alive by cannibals and my settlements sacked by hobos. After a while, I kinda got the hang of it and now my L33t-anbu-alien-ninja-SEAL-teams can wipeout whole cannibal camps for the LOLs.they've retired though and opened a shop selling band-aids in the middle of the desert.10/10 would get eaten alive again(as you see the game mechanics in this wide-open game is so diverse and interesting, if you can bear with the occasional bugs. Slavery, cannibals, trade, industry, farming, sand ninjas suddenly smacking you dead, and now in the experimental build: pre-planned full-scale assaults by warring factions. Further updates (a whole new map?) have been announced and it seems things will only get more interesting from here)"
76561198027367126,Recommended,233860,23708897,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Beornbor,"This is the first time I have written a review. I decided to do so in order to express how great this game is.Sure, there is a long way to go. This is a good thing, as, in the current form, the game is already amazing.You will experience bugs and some unexplained problems but this is a minor sacrifice for such a great time.Play it now. Help it grow. Enjoy it."
76561198085205037,Recommended,233860,7998522,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Necromancer Zed,"An absolutely original game, a unique and delightful gem amongst the dross. I bought this a long while ago, not really anticipating too much from an early access. I played, and found it enjoyable, but there was so much missing that I grew disheartened and left it. Now that I have returned, I am consistently astonished by the sheer amount of work and committment that has gone into this game. Too many early-access games are left barren for months on end, as if the creators are only interested in making a few extra bucks from eager games, but with Kenshi the developers have truly pulled through, making something unique and consistently making it better."
,Recommended,233860,2519900,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Illusive Energy,"I'm not going to lie, progression has been slow with this game. But it's concept and potential are amazing, not  to mention it's current playability which is unlike any game I've played before."
,Recommended,233860,632744,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,The Burning of Prospero.,"-Early Access Review-The game of an alternative universe which is a strange mixture between apocolypse/Japan/RPG, the game where you cannot be a one man army and you actually have to work to be something useful. The game has a number of starting points for you to choose from with varied difficulty. To be honest when I first bought the game I was a little let down, the content was awkwardly done, the terrain was dull and lifeless, the pathfinding was just... horrific, base building was more than a chore and the optimisation was less than good.Here we are now! The game has come on leaps and bounds and the developers seem to truly listen to you. We now have sound, good basebuilding mechanics, Squads that seem worthwhile (You actually feel a little heart broken if they die), pathfinding has improved although its still not quiet there and a number of new features and terrain additions have been added.Pros:- Interesting setting- ALOT to do once you get the hang of it- Buildings, lots of buildings.- Combat is actually quite fun, nothing better than watching 40 people scrap it out over your little farm.- I like the ""Everyman"" (Everywoman) type of setup- Getting chased for MILES by angry Sand Ninjas and Bandits.Cons:- Pathfinding and wall placement is still hit 'n' miss at times- Getting new squad members can have you running for hours at a time, would love some periodic respawning- AI can be dumb, I had squad members watching my team die while they mined stone- Alot of stuff still cannot be sold which makes early game money making a case of stealing items of corpses (Vulture simulator)- The real lack of need for water, food or anything really.Overall a nice game, plenty of game play options and very sandboxy, even more so with future updates. If you have some spare cash and time, why not build a nice functional little down and shank some cannibals?Current rating: 6.5/10~Liquifiction"
76561198077795180,Recommended,233860,8000773,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,d0g333,"Although this game is in pre alpha stage, it is a great game and loads of fun is to be had, however I think it takes far too long to skill build.  Also i think that there is so much they can add to the game to make it better.  It has nearly infinate potential to create a really good game, the developers just need the resources to do so, so SUPPORT IT"
76561198021130990,Recommended,233860,8207626,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,STAN,"Good fun, and well done for an early access game"
,Recommended,233860,8674668,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,0ddAcHe,Kenshi has a wide scope and ambitious goals... and even for being so early in it's development... I can just play it for hours
76561198031605903,Recommended,233860,4071517,"Posted: 18 April, 2013",all,Señor Picante,"It may be early access but it is such a good game.The developers have really big intentions for this game, some them look amazing ( big beasts and multiple map areas)It plays well even being early access. It really gives the feel of you being weak at the start ( like one bandit could kill you ) but with practice that soon changes.Pretty nice graphics and some cool base building and thats pretty much it. Lots of dieing building and then making yourself stronger for next. All in all ive been playing kenshi for a year now and i have to say the developers are always working on it with big updates normally every few months."
76561198008896532,Recommended,233860,8199780,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,JOE1st,a great indie alpha game pick it up now updates are always coming out
76561198030728140,Recommended,233860,8207456,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Pheasant King,Pretty fun game
76561198018578688,Recommended,233860,3177325,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,JauntyElf,This game by LoFi games is awesome. Its in alpha but even at its current state of dev it rocks and cant wait for the next update.
,Recommended,233860,8408633,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,HumdrumPanic,COOL ENOUGH SO FAR BUT STILL UNDER HEAVY DEVELOPMENT...TOO EARLY TO TELL
76561197993143023,Recommended,233860,1424464,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,Steve,"Even in its Alpha state this game far exceeds most if not all so called Triple-A games i've played.  When its done i can't wait to see the full result, for now its mainly combat but its fun and i've already spent around 24 hours on it.  I highly recommend it for anyone who enjoys building and creating something thats there very own."
76561198037971528,Recommended,233860,8623640,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Fiddler T,very adictive. I look forward to seeing how the game comes along. has the potencial to be amazing.
76561197974854417,Recommended,233860,667564,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,American Dream,"I saw this game on Early Access, and was super intrigued by the description.  I decided to give it a shot.  Though the game is still in very early stages I am very excited to see where it ends up.  There are many awesome elements to Kenshi.  It's like RPG meets RTS meets Adventure meets Sandbox.  I love that you can recruit and build up your squad.  I really love building my base.  Each big update from LofiGames adds so much content, the game keeps getting better and better."
76561198031794439,Recommended,233860,7957992,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,joKing[4theSZECHUANsauce],"The game isnt bad, but it is really REALLY time consuming like regular sandbox games. I guess you'd have to be really dedicated in order to enjoy the game. Like I said, not bad just really long."
,Recommended,233860,8108496,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Doctor Doug,brilliant
76561198082278409,Recommended,233860,8577492,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Bedevere,"Rather empty at the moment, but manages to be fun despite the missing features. Recomended as is, and will be fantastic when it reaches release."
,Recommended,233860,8768760,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,.Enkei,"Great game in developement, you still notice it is an alpha game but you also can see that the devs doing something! recommend this game to everyone who have no problems with games in developement and solo party play. the sandbox feeling is amazing in a pretty big world!"
,Recommended,233860,7500853,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Deadly,"(Keep in mind this was written about half way through alpha testing, this game may be far ahead of what you read, by the time you see this reccomendation)I bought this yesterday, and unlike every other Greenlight game I've seen, this one is truly amazing! I really can't express enough how great it feels to see that useless husk of a human/tribal you have, finally be able to win battles!I at first was having great difficulty, as the games Research and a few other mechanics arent very well explained in the tutorial or help menu, but once I realized that I need blueprints, how to learn them, and how to actually stand a chance in combat the game really grew on me immensly :)Watching your little one man army, grow to 20 men strong is really an amazing thing, and the pretty intense battles you have, really make the game amazing :)I would definitly recommend a purchase before the price goes up as development goes on. If you're on the fence about this, I really would purchase if I were you."
,Recommended,233860,8164960,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,aHlaawasaHlaa,"Just buy it. Honestly, just buy it."
76561198087702294,Recommended,233860,21834217,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Latt Ice,"Wow! Really got a surprise with this game.For a beta nearing release with plenty still to be fleshed out, I give this 10 out of ten and, for once, I don't even vaguely regret the cash I spent. Fantastic game. (See Budkai's video on YouTube for a slightly dated but excellent preview.)Kenshi is easiest described as half squad combat, half sandbox builder.It's not at release yet but very very playable. The graphics and its engine are not spectacular but the gameplay is enthralling.There are bugs and glitches as well as computer load and game balance issues but these are few and far between and don't stop the game being playable at all.I definitely recommend this one!"
76561198019779422,Recommended,233860,31734151,Posted: 13 May,all,Purevoyager,I love this game and i used to have issues running it on my computer and i have a decent one i found a comment on reddit from a youtuber that was doing a kenshi series that if you turn the terrain detail to 0 your game runs way more smoothly and you notice basically no difference.
,Recommended,233860,15130052,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,A Freaking_Box?,needs more devs...
76561198089041824,Recommended,233860,32055637,Posted: 29 May,all,smug me amadeus,"Horrible timesink, made me fail an exam. 10/10 get this♥♥♥♥♥♥rn"
76561198007691854,Recommended,233860,32087920,Posted: 31 May,all,Decafate,"I never give reviews, but I had to with this one. This game is excellent! Very well done. Yes, it has some issues, but overall it will suck you in and not let go. As a fan of sandbox rpg and strategy games, there is no other game that quite compares to this one! Just remember to get up from the computer from time to time! HAHA......not kidding at all."
,Recommended,233860,26198457,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,TheDivineStag,"Overview – Kenshi version 0.93.28 StableKenshi is an interesting game that's very hard to describe. It's a blend of RPG and RTS that functions quite well. You can dwell in the broken world just by yourself, with a squad of faithful friends, or with an entire army (using a simple mod, you can control up to 256 characters). So, what all does this game offer? Plenty of options you can find in most other RPGs.Be a thief, pawning off stolen goods to make profit, or you can travel the cities to make a living off honest trading with a bull to carry your load. Scavenge the ruins for artifacts with a faithful bonedog companion by your side. Establish outposts/villages/cities, serve a holy purpose, hunt down cannibals, become a leader of an army to sweep over the lands, battle giant creatures, or just chill in a tavern and listen to some of the stories others have to tell. Sounds good, doesn't it, but does it actually work?The GoodTrue sandbox experience – almost all that the enemy can do, you can do too (and if not, there are mods for that)Official mod support (with Steam Workshop) – modability can carry the game when the game can no longer carry itselfGiant map – even though only about ¼ of the map is implemented so far, it is still quite large, and will become only larger and more diverse as time goes onUpdates – disputable (read more in The Bad), but the game is basically being made by a single guy (except for sound, music, and art), so with that taken into account, the game is being updated quite frequentlySoundtrack – the music is great, and I applaud the composer for pronouncing the atmosphere of the game with fitting music. Look up the sound engineer and music composer of this game, Kole Hicks. You'll find that the music system of Kenshi is a lot more complex than you might think.Gameplay – All I described in the overview, you can truly do.Replayability – Even when I explored the map, seen what there is to be seen, I still have the urge to play again and again, just to try a different style, a different race, or just to hang out in the amazing scenery once againThe BadBugs – the game, to be honest, is a buggy mess. Some features that are implemented are not working correctly. For example, mercenaries that you should be able to hire to protect your outpost or to bodyguard you on your adventures don’t work (they just eat your money and act as if they had done the job), clipping textures (your characters can get stuck in inescapable places), shops can get bugged and be opened when they shouldn’t, which leads to guards attacking you, and morePathfinding – While it’s amazing that you can just click anywhere in the map and your characters automatically go there, it’s not quite so useful when your characters get stuck, run around unnecessarily, etc. Your outpost workers will get stuck in buildings, behind staircases, and in other places.Learning curve – it will take you quite some time to get the hang of the game. This means you won’t be able to experience the game in enough time to be able to claim a refund if you don’t like the game anyway. So, buy at your own risk, knowing you won’t be able to get a refundLong development – the earliest Kenshi development video on the developer’s channel is 9 years ago, where in the description he also states that it’s a pre-alpha footage of something he had been working on for a few years by then. It just might be another decade before we see this game enter at least a beta stage. Still, at least we have an actually playable, feature-richsomething, unlike another game that comes to mind – Overgrowth. What’s notable, though, is that even through such a long development the game is still being updated on regular basis, so the developer is definitely determined to see this game through.Dubious PR – I can’t attest to this myself, just thought I should mention it anyway. There has been, allegedly, some controversy. I don’t participate in the forums/steam discussion, so make your own picture of this. For further inquiry, readExtrasmooth's review of the game. If what he says is true, I fear that the developer might dig himself too deep into unfixable bugs. We shall see.Optimization – the game runs like garbage. You will have to contend yourself to playing the game at low/very low if you have older hardware like me. Still, the game will run like♥♥♥♥♥♥in some areas. Be wary. I don’t really care about the graphics as long as the gameplay is fine, but I know some people do care.Phew, that's quite long so far. I don't think I'll be able to write the story of my first serious journey in the end due to character limit, but I might do some ""greentext"" version later on once I get it written down. Just so you know so far, yes it does indeed ""work"" and you can experience all I have said you can. With that, I do recommend this game even in its kinda broken state, as I most definitely got my money's worth out of it, and will continue to do so in the future.  But, I still urge you to read through other reviews and to take ""The Bad"" things into account."
76561198093532672,Recommended,233860,26203366,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,tommygun999,"Well, I've bought this game couple of years ago, and now I can see that it was a great «investment». Even with all the bugs the game has, it is one of the best single player games for me, since it uses a totally different way of interacting with you as a player.The world lives around you, and it doesn't care if you die. You are not special, and yet, if you've got patience, you can grow really strong and get your own faction going.That's what most modern games totally lack, and this one delivers.Totally recommend."
,Recommended,233860,26454506,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Antek,"This game has much potential. I really missed a RPG building game where you can quest, trade, craft, farm and craft. There are still some bugs and the performance could be tweaked a bit. But overall it makes a great game! There are also plenty of mods to create new adventures each time."
76561197968247228,Recommended,233860,9470598,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Wolf,"In this review we will go over a few of the key features along with the pros and cons of this game. I personally am at a stand point between loving the game and distaining it while keeping in mind the game is in alpha stage. I will explain if and why this game is worth the price.This game has been in development since 2012, the development cycle has been slow, and an update roughly every two months at the time of this review (3/14/2014) the last known update was February 10th 2014. The game has a few of the features spoken of, the vast land scape that is truly every meaning of the word large. It would take you quite some time to get across the map, I clocked it at 24 minutes on standard speed (the game comes with three speed rates) There are a few things you can do at the beginning of each game, mostly attempt to trade with other factions or cities. As most factions are less than vanilla, the rewards are arguable. You could make a living hunting bandits, or you could simply create a single structure and have the bandits come to you (After maybe 3-4 hours of excessive training). Unless of course you would like to know how it feels to be a three legged cat chased by a pack of wolves. The fighting animations are fairly nice a few clashing of swords, however does get a bit repetitive which is fine considering the game is in alpha. Now there are other things you can work to accomplish if you actually want to feel some progression in the game, consider there is no story or dialogue to guide you in the game at this time  (3/14/2014). There is however a simple tutorial in the options menu. The base building of the game is fairly nice; you can make a nifty manufacturing system mine, research and build. Then find something else to do, which of course is all there is at this current state (which is fine) as the amount of time it takes to get to that point is quite hefty. The amount of available research is quite vast, which will take you at least six to nine hours, depending on which game speed you prefer. Once you have your super industrial enterprise and have the best warriors equipped with the best weaponry and training that the game allows the next step is to find something else to do. That can be a daunting task; you could put little outposts all over the map and make your own little empire with a few squad-mates.On another note, there are mods available for the game. The construction kit is easy to get.(http://kenshi.wikia.com/wiki/Category:Modding)Although, the amount of mods aren’t a huge attraction, but they do exist! Now then to pros of the game are.-Awesome concept.-Based on Sword fighting with nice animations.-Build a small empire.-Very large map.-Mod-ableNow for the cons.-Slow development.-Many game breaking bugs.(which is forgivable for an alpha of  course)-The game-play will come to a point where there isn’t much to do and wait for updates like many on the official forum.-The super crash (I clocked it at every 50 minutes) Quite a few of the fellow Kenshi players know what I am talking about.The question you need to ask yourself before purchasing is the game worth the price tag (I picked the game up for 20 dollars). The developers do need the support I will not argue that, I merely want the buyer to understand what they are getting for their hard earned cash.  As of right now (3/14/2014) the reviews for the game are quite positive, especially from the players themselves and for good reason! The amount of potential for this game is beyond words. I am personally excited about the development, and so are many others.As a personal statement, please understand the game is in alpha stage with slow progression as most alpha stage games are just keep that in mind. If you are in doubt, watch some youtube videos on this game.Referenceshttp://kenshi.wikia.com/wiki/Category:Moddinghttp://www.desura.com/games/kenshi/reviewshttp://www.indiegamemag.com/alone-no-more-kenshi-goes-the-crowdfunding-route/http://www.lofigames.com/index.php(this is their offical website.)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pDrMcf48E9Q"
76561198056402868,Recommended,233860,9059089,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Mr.MoneyBags,great game really fun
76561198048015682,Recommended,233860,27913067,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DuDe FeLLa,"Kenshi is that one kid in highschool; kind of niche, not very popular, a loner. Then you graduate and give it a few years and now they've developed in to a fine young adult with goals and dreams and are on the path to greatness."
76561198006762590,Recommended,233860,14771672,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Marshall,"11-1-2017 UPDATEI played the game in the latest released version, not the experimental as it crashed while trying to save every time. so i played the normal steam release.Here are my findingsThe RPG part of the game has improved, its more fun, more interacting and way much to discover.  Even animals are now available for sale.Map is extended and the items that are available and can be found, also for research are expanded and more difficult and fun to collect.The progress is clearly there on the RPG part and the fun playing it has also increased,The city building part, creating your own town, walls and buildings still slow down the game a lot and the walls have the same bugs as i had before, characters just walk through your walls as if they arent there. game crashes and slows down a lot when building a larger town with multiple buildings. with the improved research and need for special blueprints its way more challanging getting to Level V tech, but i managed to find the blueprints and the needed AI cores and was disapointed in the fact the town i wanted to build was as buggy as before.In short,Stability and memory usage is still shaky, the Havok system is still being used, and these fundamental issues remain in the game, they have not solved it.RPG partGreatly enhanved and way more fun, lots to discover and play, will keep you entertained for a few weeks.Town buildingStill buggy and shaky, a major disapointment after another year of waitingOverall progressLofi studio made progress, but at this rate the game will be 100% when a competitor already released a new game with the same ingredients and possibilities. they develop way to slow, only half of the map is available and its still Beta. Same bugs are in the game that i encountered 2 years ago.New rating:I give it a thumbs up now for the RPG part of the game and the fact it will entertain you for a few weeks. But only if the price of the game is no more then $15, buy it on sale would be my advice.It is a small thumbs up, after carefull consideration._______________________________________________________________________________Old update:Review updateAfter a year, i revisited the game, and was very disapointed again.Not much updates, other then new buildings, lights et (more of the same)c, but no resolving of standing issues, no new content that makes the game more in depth. The website states in January a maasive new update is about to arrive. It is now March 7. No massive update..It took them a year to get more of the same in, not resolve the most pressing issues and didnt add any content that the game so desperately needs.I will revisit again in 6 months, but my review stands, stay clear untill they finish the game properly.Great potential,However, Its still Alpha the devs say, and its been that for over 3 to 4 years (talk about slow development!).They have huge issues with their HAVOC software, and HAVOC isnt solving these issues yet.Forum is full of diciples who dont want to hear anything bad on the product, even waiting for over 4 years for a proper functioning beta.Best to wait untill they prove that they will actually finish the product properly, now its a bug filled annoying game, with great potential, save your money for now (and check in a year if they made real progress)."
,Recommended,233860,18052618,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,♥💋☃MoonMoon☃💋♥,"9/15/2015TL;DR at the bottom.The TeamI have been following the development of Kenshi for almost two years now. It started with only a single creator, but as the game gained popularity, the team has expanded greatly. One of the biggest drawbacks that may push many people away from this diamond in the rough is the slow development. But while the updates may be slow, the Lo-Fi team has proven their consistancy and dedication. Updates are regular and often expected, thier website lists projects currently in the works, and the team is very responsive to the community.The GameKenshi is an open-world, tactical, squad-based RPG, with a 'Sword Punk' style. It runs on the Havok engine. While a great engine, it has created significant obstacles in the way of pathfinding. However, this issue has almost completely resolved. The world has a post-catastrophic event type feel, but this may change when the giant 0.8 world update is released. Currently, the environment is a sparse desert with settlements dotting the land and bandits roaming the dunes. A faction system is present but not fully explored (you can decrease relations by attacking, increase it by healing). The art style is Jappanese influenced primarily, and the newly updated hud adds a rustic, bloody feel to it (A+).When starting a new game, you can choose from several different scenarios, from starting with a legendary sword to a group of traders to absoloutly nothing and a bum leg. The combat is based on your characters' skills, and damage is locational.One of the main portions of the game is base building. You can create a completely self sufficent settlement with farms, textile industry, arms crafting, and more, and traders will stop by at your stores.Conclusion/TL;DRKenshi has a LOT of promise, so much that this has to be my most anticipated game currently (besides Fallout 4, of course), and has been since I bought it. It is perfectly playable as is, but gameplay can get a little dry. But having gotten 173 hours out of an early access game started by a single individual, it'd be a crime not to recommend it."
76561198008723107,Recommended,233860,28063825,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Lentzational,"Such an obsure but fun game, I truely feel like my in game time has been a fun and rewarding as I love to see my group of unskilled workers train and struggle and end up as skilled warriors, I'm not sure what the end game goal is but I enjoy the journey"
76561198040529639,Recommended,233860,27286422,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CMOE,"I've been playing Kenshi for the past three years slowly watching the crazy amount of improvement it has underwent. At the beginning I was on the fences with everything due to some bugs and less opportunity for exploration with the old old map.. I recently got back into it and I just CANT stop playing it. The experience that I’ve had with the new map and the whole new system makes adventure 10x more ‘awesome-er’. This RTS/3rd-Person Hybrid, Sandbox, Squad-Based, Adventure-RPG is now a forerunner to a new genre in the RPG world and I’m extremely happy with the progress that Lofi Games has made. IF you want endless adventure, BUY this game so more improvements are made for the Beta!!"
76561198018407171,Recommended,233860,10256676,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Johnny,Allowed the creation of this ------http://cloud-2.steampowered.com/ugc/558756884608057500/9BF4B55FF1AFA2B76A34572D7D021DB1CB7822C8/11.5/9
,Recommended,233860,7397744,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Ruazihtlab,"Kenshi is still in alpha and full of bugs that crash the game, causes some mechanics not to work, has a single repetetive desert landscape to play on and has only just had basic audio added to the game. Yet i look at the in-depth RPG and realistic combat systems in place and the potentiol of the game even in its current state makes me, for the first time, accept calmly that my game crashes and things don't work, because what does work shows just enough of the great things that are in the future of this title. This may not be a must own just yet, but the odds are stacked in its favour that it will be one day."
76561198002919404,Recommended,233860,10880551,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Gamehog101,"Like sand? Who doesn't?Enjoy walking upon the countless ended lives of creatures that once were?Well Kenshi is the game for you!Start a game with some random scenario that you decide and get thrown into some random town, I got Capan.And now comes the biggest feature of the game: Learning Curve!!Wanna find a mission? Learning Curve!Wanna find someone to hire? Learning Curve!Wanna pick up that bounty? Learning Curve!Wanna turn that bounty in? Guess what ♥♥♥♥♥ - Learning Curve!that's right kids if walking on miles of the dead creatures doesn't tickle your pickle get ready for some good old fashion learning curves, joined a city but you don't know how to pay your taxes? Neither do I!Tried building your own town but your neighbors wont stop yelling at you to pay them or die? well tough♥♥♥♥♥♥Nancy that's Learning Curve!""This game is like 'Sims' for masochist and people who get overly aroused by ♥♥♥♥-tons of sand.""And if any of your characters weight too much you're gonna wish that timer speed could go up to 11 for your face is going to be rocked with the seemingly endless amount of sand this game has to offer. And prepare to leave your slower friends to die as your inexperienced characters leave your heavy friend behind as that cannibal party comes charging from the sand dunes.""Remember, I don't have to be faster than them, I just have to be faster than you.""And for you gore fans out there be amazed and horrified as one of your characters gets their stomach ripped open and starts to bleed on the sand as the rest of your team undoubtedly get ripped to shreds by those damn Sand Ninja Jounin, believe it. Be amazed as said Jounin, after massacring your pathetically untrained party, starts to casually walk away and then sprints back as one of your surviving members recovers from their♥♥♥♥♥whooping just to have their head or arm cut off.""It's like 'Desert Punk' the video game, but with more sand!""And if your the type of gamer who enjoys spending hours of time running [and pry to your gods not walking] from town to town in awe of the ridiculous amount of sand, this is the game for you!Ignore all of the bandits and buy trading goods and go from town to town trying to find the best price. buy and sale and become the wolf of sand-street as you flee from everyone who just wants to beat you up and leave you for dead. Because don't worry, they'll never steal your stuff, all they want to do is make sure you suffer and can't move.And you better believe they'll hunt you down until the end of the sands just to hurt you, hell they'll even run past city guards, run into the inn and attack you in your sleep, because ♥♥♥♥ you that's why.Over all if you want; Reality/Masochist 'Sims' with 'Desert Punk' meets medieval china all in the worlds largest sandy-box of ♥♥♥♥ you this game's for you!Did I mention there's a lot of sand?"
76561198081224114,Recommended,233860,9206224,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,alemismun,"10/10 best rpg ever.Its really hard, so you better learn fast, or cheat :D"
76561198069151457,Recommended,233860,6564236,"Posted: 16 April, 2013",all,Xx BoD xX,"This is one of the most ambitious games I've ever had the pleasure of playing. Kenshi is one of the reasons the gaming community will never stop dreaming, and will always have something to be excited about. It shows that one mans dream can become a reality as long as you stick to what you love. It also shows that you don't have to have millions of dollars and corporate funding to make a gem of an experience.Now on to the meat of the review. Kenshi has come a long way since I first bought it when it first came to steam. A lot of content and technological improvements has put more meat on it bones over time, however there are some bugs and a very steep learning curve and some people might get overwhelmed with the initial difficulty. The bugs come and go mostly except for some that have lingered on and have been a real issue for some people. Like the path finding and super crashes. These bugs usually flood in when a new update comes out and they get fixed relatively quickly as time goes on. The dev does a really good job at listening to his community and the moderators and players are generally helpful and will answer any questions you have about the game. There are tons of guides and YouTube videos so if you don't understand how to do something in  the game it's pretty easy to get an issue resolved or a question answered.This game offers many ways to play. You can be a trader, a bandit, a caravan guard, lone warrior/ wanderer, explorer, blacksmith, laborer, scientist, ninja, fragment axe wielding juggernaut. The list goes on and on, and the best thing about it is, more is going to be added in and you'll only have more ways to play the game."
,Recommended,233860,11193244,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,[TLR] 444+222,"Honestly, this game has been the most fun games I have played in a while. I wouldn't really be the type to recommend a game, but this game is just so great, I just had to. The amount of content in this game for an early access alpha game is beyond incredible. There is just so much to do, you can never really get bored. If you have the $20 (Current Price 7/11/14) I would encourage you to try the game. Its pure, original content, not really any game like this. For an early access alpha, 10/10. The developers are genius."
76561198037929735,Recommended,233860,9793464,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,jrich2020,"This title has come along way and still has a ways to go, however, it currently has more than enough content to enjoy and is well worth the $20 you will spend. Long story short, I would gladly purchase this game again."
76561198007772855,Recommended,233860,9797799,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,robtock216,"Fantastic game in the making, dont get me wrong currently its a mess with very little to do but the updates come weekly and so far its the only early access buy ive made that i would class as a good buy.the possibilities for this game are pretty much limitless and with the right time and care put into it it could be by far one of the best games around"
,Recommended,233860,9727036,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,PervasivePeach ❤,I made a town and had a squad of 50 sand bandits attack my base so when my 10 guys went to fight back tehy got stuck on the top of the wall.10/10 awesomest game ever in the like 2 days ive owned it ive played 7 hours and will continue to play
,Recommended,233860,6999841,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Mr.Fluffy(Senpai),epic game.
76561198008003695,Recommended,233860,7396891,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Nanogiraffe,"Beta 0.92~ UPDATE for 0.94- With the new engine upgrade performace is increased and the map is now very large. A great addition to content too.I've been following Kenshi for quite a while and put a fair amount of time into the different aspects of the game. But by far the best parts are the style and music. I cannot find anything quite like kenshi on steam and it makes it a pleasure to enjoy.This is not a fast game. This is not an easy game. It is deep, beautiful, challenging and full of promise.It has been in development for a long time and there was a period when the engine was being overhauled that it seemed to have died. However it is back on track and the updates are coming fast.If you have been considering this game at all, with the inclusion of workshop support, then now is the time to give it a try. It's only getting better!"
,Recommended,233860,7574877,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Spacebug,If you like having fun you'd probably want to check this game out.
76561198017402864,Recommended,233860,20930231,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Batariel,Never though that it is possible to play game for 20 hours in a row ! Kenshi proved it is possible.
76561198325417841,Recommended,233860,31521435,Posted: 3 May,all,cquinn2207,this game takes a bit to get into but when you do get into it its realy worth it
76561197975161189,Recommended,233860,9772270,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,AJM,This game (One Word) EPIC. But It Takes A long time For my guys to Be able to defend thems Selves(like A long! Time)
76561198020379461,Recommended,233860,9778198,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,christopherg,"This game is really outstanding once you figure it out. It's what I wanted in a city builder. It reminds me of Desert Punk.But, it's not without it's flaws. if you are looking for a perfectly polished game, skip this for a few months. But once the developer is done, come back for it."
,Recommended,233860,9627475,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,The Moist,"This is a ♥♥♥♥ING TERRIBLE GAME... said the weak minded and stupid. But in all seriousness this game is like everything ive ever wanted in a videogame, and more. At the moment updates for the game are flooding in and making it better and better with each new one. 10/10. and my scoring system holds more weight than metacritic... fyi"
,Recommended,233860,9639888,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Kronos115,"Game isn't fully done yet, but feels fairly refined mechanic-wise. Encountered no bugs or glitches. Excellent survival strategy and city-builder game with plenty of the elements (dialogue, trading, individual stats) of an RPG. Can't wait for game to be finished."
,Recommended,233860,27734249,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,kuulness,Good game. Once you get passed to first couple hours of learning it is a real blast to play.
76561198028265740,Recommended,233860,8198856,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Aphire,This is a beautifully developing game. Absolute freedom and plenty to do at this stage in the game. There are regular updates and content releases with the latest one being better then the previous. I've no doubt that Kenshi will be a great game and it's been wonderfull being able to watch and play as its made. Unlike a lot of early access games I feel that I've got more then my investment with Kenshi.
,Recommended,233860,8645622,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,J_landry,"Disclaimer: This game crashes. A lot. It is also buggy. It is the very definition of early access/alpha. Very rough but an amazing concept.Now with that out of the way, let me get started. I bought this game one night after I saw it on an ad at some gaming news site. Once I started playing at about 11 pm, I looked out my window for the first time after starting playing and wouldn't you know it, the sun had come up. This game is slow paced the way I play (mind you it can be somewhat fast-paced if you're the fighting type) but holds my attention well enough that hours can pass in real time without my knowledge of it.You start out in one of about, as it stands, six or so scenarios. You can choose to be anything from a group of six people with all the right supplies to start out with a small town wherever you choose to, or a guy in his underwear with a broken arm and a crappy pipe for a weapon starting in the middle of nowhere. From there it is your choice where to go and what to do.Now I am the owner of quite a few early access titles here on steam, and with the exception of one game (space engineers) this game is updated the most. Lo-fi games seems to have it together and wants this title to be finished. They are also very receptive of community input. They have also said that when the game is released the price will go up, so if you're thinking about getting it but you're not sure, now is the time to buy.If you're wondering how this game is played, which is a question I get often, then here's the best I can describe it. You order your squad around RTS style by selecting then by clicking or click and drag mouse boxing them and order them around that way. The folks in your squad however tend to be uselss in all respects when you first get them and slowly by doing different tasks (labouring, weapon/armor crafting, fighting) get better at those things, adding an rpg element to it.Now just to wrap it up, if you buy this game, be patient and take a few hours to really get to know what you're doing before you make an opinion. Even in alpha this game is deep."
,Recommended,233860,8113714,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Cheekislav Breekinov,Buyitnow
76561198066976901,Recommended,233860,8219210,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Falashio Nelson,This game is many Gurd
76561198022004499,Recommended,233860,26527614,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,MackDaddy,Fantastic gammmmmmeeeee
76561198253384889,Recommended,233860,26119573,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Doctor Bright,"Spawns in with a dog in a weird spot with a bunch of farmers.Get a feel for the game, do some training.Templars later show up and beat up some evil dogs.I look about and realize there isn't really anything interesting to do in the area.So, I head off.I end up in a town of the one really religious group.I decide to steal some food since I'm starving.Decide to try out the selling back mechanic,get caught for selling uncooked meat to the bartender.Proceed to get demolished by the city guards.Drop the game for two days.come back in and try to escape.Escapes five times before being taken to a different cage in another part of the town.The town gets attacked by ninjas.I take that as my opportunity to run.Realize I have no gear at all at this point.Steal from a dead guard.I am now disguised as a guard.I am not known as an escapee anymore.Leave the town with a big grin on my face."
76561198035152928,Recommended,233860,26133386,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,jmazuryk,"I'm changing my review from a negative one to a positive one. There's just too much potential and fun in this game to hate on it. It has camera control issues, lag, and sometimes incredibly frustrating pathing issues, but I found that cranking down the graphics settings helped with some of those problems. With a great mod that increased the population limit and squad size, I've been having a lot of fun establishing bases and sending out parties to explore. If this game ever reaches completion (the full map accessible, some of the mechanics fixed - i.e. kidnapping/stealth kill which doesn't seem to work) this game will be incredible. In my opinion it's a better Fallout than Fallout - if you don't mind some beta flaws.Holy ♥♥♥♥ the pathing issues tho - those seriously need to be fixed."
76561198029510766,Recommended,233860,28202815,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Sagasan,Litearly one of my most favorite games ever however has a HUGE learning curve...
76561197986886708,Recommended,233860,25989155,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,[DD]M!L!XEN [}_{],"A true diamond in the rough, Kenshi might still be buggy and unpolished but it balances this out by just being Kenshi."
,Recommended,233860,26062252,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Mr.Solus,"i was searching rpg games for few hours, isometric rpg/old style....i can tell you it was a pure luck to find this one..Great game and it can get only better....open world, crafting, survival,explore,trade, fight, build shelter...build a city.10/10....if it was easier to find Kenshi on the web....more people would buy it!"
,Recommended,233860,26341874,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,.Stuhlgewitter,"oh my goosy moos this game is an endless sweet cake with the cherry on its head missing.this game is for everyone who loves endless sandbox gaming, a kinda post-apocalyptic world, rpgs, tycoonish management, craft and building things.+ not many bugs i encountered, I had one freeze and a certain group of paladins stuck in one area.+ even if the fights are mostly automatic, its always fun to watch getting your♥♥♥♥♥beaten+ style and art feels slick+ no crude hp bar, everyone has different bars how high the damage on your body parts are and combined with bloodloss gives you different ways how(long) are you knocked out and die.+ crafting is super fun, you can build your own base(s) and you can spend a lot of time+ gave me a lot of chuckles+ every success (mostly in battles) feels great in the hard environment+ I personally like the graphic, even if the shadows in some parts are kinda ♥♥♥♥ed up+ different choices how to start your game (be a starving injured poor guy, king , start with an legendary weapon and so on)+ sweet feature to queue tasks order to automate processes (like crafting, farming, etc)+ different races with differencies+ permadeath, which is not that easy to happen, since you a lot of factors need to happen~ optimisation, many slowdowns when shadows are activated in some parts, annihilating a lot of ram. but its already playable aside that~ AI behaving is mostly good, but some groups stuck in a certain area- the map is not comeplety accessable- its annoying when you cant click on certain areas, even if your group can walk through it (like up/downhills)- body parts are not able to chop off- would like to see some blood or gore- no gay marriage- would like to see more content and richness in overall ( but it its early access, so no drama)my conclusion: already a playable game, were you have enough content to waste a lot of time and having fun lying half dead on the ground"
,Recommended,233860,26183384,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Azrael,"I originally backed this game on kickstarter a long time ago when the bugs were numerous and graphics shoddy. But even then I was taken in by the obvious care the creator puts into every detail, and by the awesome setting. It's a kind of post-apocalyptic, feudal samurai, crusader kingdom, semi-alien world, where survival is a challenge and violence prevales. As it is now, I keep coming back to this game, and every time there's an update it's like christmas (especially map updates). Can't recommend enough."
76561198125403890,Recommended,233860,30317435,Posted: 4 March,all,Koco,i died to a dog 1v1 10/10
76561197994547193,Recommended,233860,30335390,Posted: 5 March,all,Stagbala,"The team working on this game have managed to create a wild, chaotic, dark, scary, fascinating world which has so many possibilities. This is my first review ever and I've played many games over decades but never felt compelled to write one. I am so excited to see how the full game ends up but I'm in no hurry at all, it's already amazing and unlike anything I have ever played before. It has a replayability factor I havn't felt for a long time, probably since diablo 2. It's scope is pretty groundbreaking.The fact that you don't die outright every time you are attacked is very refreshing and makes for some vey interesting/scary scenario's where members of your squad play dead until you are ready to heal the group. There are many layers to reveal in this game and there are more to come. I want to see it realised to it's full potential, whats the rush ? It's an rpg where you can build bases to eventually become towns, buy houses in towns, trade, craft weapons armor plus pretty much everything, stealing, many many many factions and a sexy roadmap. If you like rpg's, this is a champion, give it a go."
76561198014149687,Recommended,233860,24780248,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Ithilien,"I've played Kenshi for about 80 hours in total (I bought my first copy of the game directly from Lo-Fi several years ago and I also have it at GOG). Around 60 of those hours have been this summer. I expect I'll play it  a lot more.Sure there are some negatives, such as camera control, minor path finding errors and such, but if you dig beneath the relatively minor technical imperfections this game is a gem. In some ways it's like Mount & Blade in other ways it plays like an RTS.The game is really addictive, and given the passion the developer has shown for this project over the past five years or so I'm sure it will get even better. I strongly recommend this brilliant gaming innovation :)"
76561198093916509,Recommended,233860,9759767,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,TheMadWalrus,Excellent game.  Anyone into the survival/strategy genre must try it.
,Recommended,233860,9764500,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Nekid_Mugh,This game is awesome.  Well worth the price and am stocked to see what comes with future patches.
,Recommended,233860,31546134,Posted: 4 May,all,Skotadi,this game is great. 50 hours in 5 days. the potential for this game is infinite. its really underated too. the graphics are just right for this game. there is so much to explore and do. and i personally get attached to locations and people. its very immersive.
,Recommended,233860,22897512,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,genderfluid,DESERT SAMURAI DESU~
76561198060867359,Recommended,233860,26639219,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Succ,"One of the greater mix of the sandbox and RPG games. Its a top down RPG game focused on gamepaly rather than a 'campaign' If you have a great imagination, then by the time you push that new game button, its the start of your own campaign. However, this game doesnt take kindly to new players, in the beginning of the game, its harsh. But once you get a good character that could defend themself, you'll have a great time just like I did playing this game. (By the way I dont know if this is a local problem but to install updates to this game I have to reinstall it..Probably a local problem.)"
76561198022250551,Recommended,233860,28651494,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,sudante,"I want to live in this game.So many mods, so much potential.I'd probably buy it again just to support it's development."
76561197963516055,Recommended,233860,26639621,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Kiros,"This game is definitely unique. One of the first titles to be released when Early Access came about onto Steam.I've had so many different adventures playing this. It can be frustrating, challenging and even cheap at times. Yet I love it.Everything the developers have done has been great. Making new maps, units and races.You can build a city out of nothing. You can go to war with major cities or small farms. There are no right and wrongs. Just whatever you feel like doing.I did have an issue for a long time. My game would constantly crash making it really unplayable. Since a few patches, the game runs great for me again.I know it's been in development for a very long time, but that doesn't matter to me as long as the game itself so far is solid, which it is."
76561198027139630,Recommended,233860,28640126,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Mr Shooty,"I am not recommending this game in it's current state, but I am giving it a thumbs up because of its amazing potential. I mean, seriously, if it gets through EA without the devs abandoning it as so many do, gets the updates it needs and is released in a finished, polished state, then this could be an absolutely amazing open world RPG.It has all the elements of the,perfect game; base building, farming, recruiting town/party member then upgrading them, crafting, research, factions, a huge open world, there are many more elements but I didn't intend for this review to be a long one until I put more time into the game .The reasons that I am not recommending this game in its current state are simple.The terrible, seriously flawed control system.The ridiculously bad camera,The awful performance. I have, literally, a top of the range PC, and the FPS still drops to a level where I want to throw my base unit across the room this is ridiculous for a game in late 2016.I appreciate that it is in EA, and the regular updates make me hopeful that the game will get finished. In the meantime, buy it on sale (unless you want to support the devs, which can only be good for the game), or wait until it is rather more polished."
,Recommended,233860,28680455,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Naysayer,This game has come a long way since its inital release and I'm really excited to see the future. Very fun game!
76561197996459433,Recommended,233860,10122538,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Major Lee,Well♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ i like it.
,Recommended,233860,29445986,Posted: 23 January,all,[SAS] Baldachio,Kenshi combines  my favorite game styles into one awesome collaberation. It may take some time to become a legendary warrior but once you are one it is worth it. The main branch of the game is very stable and rarely ever crashes on me. You should definately get this game.
76561198046569530,Recommended,233860,30251222,Posted: 28 February,all,Trog the Old,"I Bought this game some time ago, it was to incomplete to play. Wow,  how things have changed  enjoyable at its current stage of completion. I can't wait to see what is added in the future."
,Recommended,233860,33785248,Posted: 25 July,all,Tomcat,"A very cruel an unforgiving sandbox where you can do pretty much anything but mostly get beat up, enslaved, build a city, die to animal bites and so forth 5/7"
,Recommended,233860,3670008,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,Davlin,"Edit: Beta comes out 31/03/16... CAN NOT WAIT!. Kenshi..a must have!http://cdn.akamai.steamstatic.com/steam/apps/256662366/movie.184x123.jpg?t=1459357782Once apon a time there was this guy named Captain Deathbeard, We'll call him Chris. Chris was messing with an idea of creating a physics/fighting experiement with rag doll fighters.. it was good. Then he created buildings and more NPCs.. Then clothing, Crafting, Shops and Shop Keepers, then more Towns and Outposts.. Then His one man band become 2, then 3, 4 ect ect Adding Sound, Music, New Biome development, new armours, weapons, meshes... and Now.. Creatures.. This is a unforgiving land, Everyone can and will kill you if you attack them, Bandits want your blood and so do their enemies.. oh an The Beak things & Wolves in the experimental beta.. they are hungry for anything they can eat and they can smell dead things.If you don't own it.. your nuts! I've been on this journey following chris for a long while now and for it's price, it's bloody worth it! Get it before the price goes up and up.. I got it for like 10bucks AU years ago... worth every dollar."
76561198081564401,Recommended,233860,11650093,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,bigus dickus,Its a good game. I only wish it would get updates a little faster but its fun to play and well worth the $20
,Recommended,233860,9380740,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Pike The Pole,"Great Squad Based Sandbox, Very Addicting."
76561198265416620,Recommended,233860,33987749,Posted: 3 August,all,vm1723,Try not to sneak too much. You'll end up running like a weeaboo.
76561198104089191,Recommended,233860,12016019,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Bushi Neko,"Waaaaay back in 2014 I acquired this little game. Kenshi. The Massive Desert Walking / Dying game. It really had next to zero to do in it then. It grew, changed, grew... and I got bored. Very bored. Like so bored I shelfed it for only the occasional look in on the updates.Today, I loaded it up again. Wow. Its an amazing new game compared to the first days of EA. It is a true Free to Do What You Want game.  Start as a loser. Start as a nobody leaning toward loser. Start as a retired office now a loser. The bottom line is, you start as a nobody. Some starts by your choice are harder, some easier. Play is hard at first. No hand holding, no leveling up. Most everyone and thing you meet at first will hand you your backside if you bring a fight to it. Each thing you do increases your skill in that thing, not some overall level up as most of us are used to. You also can have a squad of followers. Once you have more than one character on your team, you can swap between them, or play as only one as your primary ( what I tend to do still. ) If one dies, you can stay and keep the game going as any character on your team.  You can also build settlements, and drop even more peeps in there. Have workers, prisoners, slaves or simply be a raging bandit and take what you want... and ransom those you take in battle ( not all NPC can be ransomed ) Be a bounty hunter.. etc etc.. its your game. Nobody makes you do anything.Want to be a thief? Go for it. Just be ready to spend time in jail.Murdering thief? Go for it.You can get enslaved, and that sux, but you can try and run for freedom.You can be captured by cannibals. Good luck there. But you can get away. Maybe.Want to be a pure Merchant only letting gaurds fight for you? Go for it.You get the idea.Female / Male characters. Customize from head to toe, WITH a Workshop of some extra things.Weapons, and workshop there also.This is a bit of a slow mover, so dont jump in expecting to roam the land as a mighty warlord, it takes time. But it's really where it was saying it was going."
,Recommended,233860,26967008,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Plok,This game will make you lose track of time in the real realm
,Recommended,233860,14763755,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Heretic Templar,"I love this game. I will in detial describe the good and the bad. But in my opinion the good FAR outweighs the bad here!First off the bad:Sometimes the ai gets stuck. Yes sometimes the ai will get stuck running between projects or delivery, towns, buildings or just plain start to stand there. But they know this and are constantly working hard trying to fix and update this.Sometimes buildings get a little buggy with placement of walls or and other ""Shell building.""Wall placement is a little... off... to be nice, sometimes bandits will walk right through/under a wall and attack you leaving you shaking your head after you kill them and figure out where in the world they came from!? They had no shovels on them so... there's that.Graphics are a slight eh. They are updating these as they have just switched to a x64 bit engine. (Yes they are still keeping x86 and DX9 so no worries about specs there)there are a few more oddities in this game, but those are the biggest.Next are my favorite things about this game:It lets you create your OWN tale! Whether you and your band of nomads roam place to place conquering and killing everything, which I might add, is harder than you think! Or perhaps a peaceful trader just trying to make an honest living out of your hard work, or otherwise ill gotten gains. But maybe, just maybe you are the daring settlers off to make your own mark on the world, or what's left of it, by building yourself a nice and cozy town amongst the barren wastes.Maybe become the dreaded sand ninjas/samurai/drifters/assassins of lore!!!You can create or destroy in life as in this game, the options are limitless... well as limited to your imagination and what the game has so far.In the future they will be adding slavery, ranged combat, robotics, new lands, and it all makes me excited just thinking of the new tales and stories to be had!In the end, I rate this 8.3/10 so far, and I am expecting a 87/100 finished. I set my expectations low as not to be dissapointed. Hope this helps!!!!"
76561198025983523,Recommended,233860,26957009,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ShyGuyVG,Good game
,Recommended,233860,26966298,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Adrian,I've been looking for a good sandbox RPG/RTS mix for a good while. Finally found it.
76561198025045609,Recommended,233860,33906754,Posted: 30 July,all,Linksworth,"It's not a game with a plot, per se, but just trying to survive and explore the world can give rise to some amazing narratives:In my first few hours of play, I befriended a disgraced warrior, and got captured by slavers who then left us for dead in the desert. After heading to the nearest town to buy a hacksaw to cut off our shackes, we were chased out by xenophobes, and picked a fight with a small family of goats that nearly killed us.It's been two in-game months now, and I've got a squad of 12 people who've constructed a fully-fledged base... which is currently under siege by ravenous cannibals.If managing a small band of warriors/theives/farmers/traders just trying to survive in a harsh world sounds like your cup of tea, definitely give Kenshi a try."
,Recommended,233860,33862974,Posted: 28 July,all,Teflonto,"I originally bought this a few months back and refunded it after about 50 minutes. It looked like an early 2000's RPG, it was clunky, it was buggy and it ran like a legless Dog on my old graphics card.I upgraded my card last month and for some reason, something about the idea behind this game kept it on my wishlist. I picked it up again today, and I just put 6.5 hours into it effortlessly. It still looks like an early 2000's RPG, it still feels clunky, it's still a little buggy and it now runs like a dog with 3 legs... But something clicked.I started with my band of 5 misfits - a facimile of myself, my friend, a robot, a lizard man and a terrifying looking woman and I was dumped into a wasteland. I decided to look up bits and pieces from Wikis as I played and had questions, and this approach has worked in the main. I explored the first town, which mostly seemed to be ruins, got wrecked about 4 times just trying to explore, and then came across a big city.It was here that things started to turn around. Robot and Lizardman were set up for permanent mining duty. The other three travelled out to look for a trading city. On finding one, they started to bring back their stuff to the starting city. It was here that I bought a building and set up a base. That base then also became a shop, and a research station, and a jack-of-all-bases as I started to set each character up in their role. I was the builder. My friend was the caravan. My crazy-eyed woman was the researcher. The lizard and the robot were miners.This should have felt repetetive - backwards and forwards, slowly crawling forward toward my goal... But it's all been incredibly engrossing so far. Emergent events happening here and there, New options opening up from research... I'm just incredibly glad that I second guessed this game and bought it back again."
76561198050184915,Recommended,233860,26972115,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jason Bellond,This game has grown a lot in the few months ive played itOne of few games were surviving without stealing is genuinly hard to do and being a hero takes more than 1 daythe dull sword must be weathered by the stones of time
76561198042370164,Recommended,233860,31800736,Posted: 17 May,all,DarkOmegaMK2,"I'll review the game at face value, as it stands currently on May 17 of 2017 with patch 0.95.35The game is actually pretty fun, its challenging, it;s a little kirky in some regards but it has many aspects that you can change it to accommodate to your needs.""Game's a little too hard for you?"" Get some of the mods out there in the workshop or make your own easy start up with the construction kit (modding tool), which comes with the game.""I screwed up and now everyone and everything is dead/My character is stuck somewhere and can't get out"" You can just ""import"" your save file or use the ""reset squad positions"" when loading a save file.Despite the premise of the game being ""hard"", there is generally there is a tool or a measure to accommodate in order that it doesn't fall on the realm of ""unfair"".Now, lets talk about patches and updates. As a rule of thumb game seems to update once a week and content seems to come at a slow pace, but it IS coming, and patches happen on a regular basis so, i don't have any complains about it.If you're on the verge of getting this game, as it stands right now, you have to keep in mind that it is FAR from being complete, but the game is undoubtedly fun for what there is right now."
76561198081767226,Recommended,233860,31804493,Posted: 17 May,all,Chicken 4 Dayz,"Still the game im most excited to see finished, it could be years, decades even. Ill still keep coming back.Its brutal from beggining to..... well...... theres no end, but when you horribly overestimate your squad/outpost and everyone dies in a pile to the hideous girraffe like creatures that want to eat your squad before anyone can/will help.There will be bugs, but they aren't half as bad as they were initially and its very playable, especially if you dont use the experimental build (but you should). Ive built and killed many squads, i have 30+ towns where everyones working and crafting, dedicated combat teams with specific roles and weapon skills, it takes a lot of time and micromanagement, but thats what anyone who enjoys these games wants. Does a lot right and has so much replay value already. Highly reccomend for anyone with patience and a willingness to fail."
,Recommended,233860,21555765,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Stoli,"On a scale of Cobblestone to Dust II, I'd say this map is a Motel. I honestly have no idea how this♥♥♥♥♥♥works, and it seems broken as ♥♥♥♥.I donno I'm not really a hostage map guy."
76561198034989056,Recommended,233860,33869756,Posted: 28 July,all,scammer,"This is a good game, you can build your own empire. But right now you can't control or capture a city. I think they will update it later. So it should be thumb up right?"
76561197971154025,Recommended,233860,27994511,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Wuddy Boy,"57.7 hrs last two weeks, this game is that good, and surprisingly crash-free."
,Recommended,233860,8561774,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,"Vader, Kaiser of Scarif & Endor",Warning: Potato PCs beware.
76561198073781744,Recommended,233860,34078068,Posted: 7 August,all,Aimless_Freelancer,"For the Devs:This game and its dev team should be the model for all early access games to follow.The devs have worked solidly and consistantly for the past few years to deliver on the experience that they promised when they began this early access venture. They appear to be committed to releasing a final product that exceeds the expectations that the community had at the start.This is in stark contrast to the many dev teams who have used early access to cash in before either dropping the game entirley, or rushing to put out a final product (far) before it is ready for general release.For the Game itself:I will wait to play the full release before writing a full gameplay review (since it may be subject to change). However, I can surely say that I would play this game just for the experience of watching my characters traverse long distances at night, to the accompaniment of an amazing soundtrack. Truly wonderful."
76561197991346902,Recommended,233860,34417261,Posted: 22 August,all,Stealth,Too lazy to write anything meaningful. I just wanted to give the game a thumbs up.
76561197994639201,Recommended,233860,34583802,Posted: 29 August,all,RenLou,"I'm a fat ancient robot, with a mutant bull by my side.Travelling barren lands, straight out from a Mad Max movie.Trading things I find, sometimes I deliver a few bounties.The bull carries most of my stuff, and still manages to run hours and hours till the next stop.I use a staff to knock enemies out, without killing them.I have gotten close to death multiple times, staying unconscious on the floor hoping I'd manage to survive another day.First aid kits dont work on robots, so only way is to learn robotics and repair myselfI'm rich and currently planning on building a few breweries spread around the cities.What other game lets me do this."
,Recommended,233860,34905143,Posted: 12 September,all,[SG] Octa,"Normally, I don't really get on to the Early Access hype, and try to stay away from them in general. I've learned the hard way that buying a game before it's done can be a really bad experience.  However, Kenshi is definitly an exception to that rule.Taking up Kenshi can be a grueling task. The game is brutal, but not totally unfair. It's difficult to get off your feet, but not impossible. The basebuilding aspect of the game is what drew me in, and it's what keeps bringing me back every few months.The team behind the game releases new patches fairly consistantly, and they only break the game completely like one out of every ten, so that's good.The world is interesting, honestly I love the game's design and world building. The graphics could be considered dated, but this is an indie game. I guess graphics aren't my #1 concern, considering I play games like Dwarf Fortress and Rimworld.In short, I would consider a $20 price tag for this game well worth it, even if it isn't done yet. The biggest issues with the game are when it just refuses to work (which sadly happens every once in awhile with new patches). But the game itself if fun enough to keep me coming back to it even after owning it for so long now.7-8/10, would recommend to anyone who likes base builders, world exporation and survival games"
76561198317643657,Recommended,233860,34909038,Posted: 12 September,all,lathander444,cant buy animals
76561198015307033,Recommended,233860,34891132,Posted: 11 September,all,calcpinkthemassimatic,Patience pays!
,Recommended,233860,34889930,Posted: 11 September,all,SriFenbyXp,"The games pace is really slow, but when you get a town up and running that where the fun starts."
,Recommended,233860,32418388,Posted: 14 June,all,Baron von Noodles,"Don't buy this game. You'll just get addicted and have no reasonable explanation as to why or what you've been doing with all your time.Kenshi is weird, rough around the edges, seemingly far from completion after many years, and characters occasionally move like mannequins who've just gained sentience, but, man, there's just something about this game that's gonna keep you coming back for more and really pulling for it to be awesome once it's finished."
76561198049007407,Recommended,233860,30046942,Posted: 19 February,all,Tjsoup,unique game super addictingworth the buy
76561198009660094,Recommended,233860,30017774,Posted: 18 February,all,Nigerian Prince,"I've followed the game for a few years now and it may be coming around slower in terms of development. It's clear to me that these developers care about their game and name considering how far it's come and the fact that they still work on it, having not taken our money and ran like a Nigerian Prince. At this point in time, it obviously has it's bugs but Kenshi is still a fun game; definitely unique in a good way and I cannot wait to see it completed. This is one of a few games that I truly cannot wait to see it realize it's full potential."
76561198256572359,Recommended,233860,30028317,Posted: 19 February,all,ngocypham123,"This game has almost everything you hate from an EArly access game, bugs, crash, things not going as they suppose to be, frame lost, etc... you name it.And it also has everything you love from an early access game, no DLC, dedicated dev team, a LOT of content and hours of fun promised, multiple way to play the game.  By the time I wrote this reviewed I already spent 30 hours, yet I only discovered a very small part of the game. Do you know that the game has not been fully mapped  despite being there for more than a years?? People has only been seeing the west side of the map, and only the northern part. My squad heading south into the swamp as I was looking for soils to start irrigation. Went to internet for bandit locations all to found out the whole area was yet to be mapped, and so the whole east side. You might be that one hero who brave enough for unknown frontier."
76561198066950361,Recommended,233860,34564223,Posted: 28 August,all,Thuglas,The more i play the less i hate it!
,Recommended,233860,22709576,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Teblack265,tough starting out  but great game
,Recommended,233860,34473177,Posted: 24 August,all,alberte49,"This is definitely the best early-access game I've seen so far! It's constantly being improved, it's a fun game, unique, and best of all, it feels like a complete game. It's very sandbox-y, there are no projectile weapons, but it goes very in-depth with the stats on the swords, so that doesn't actually seem like a bad thing. There ARE turrets though, but those are stationary, although they do shoot projectiles. There are also a multitude of mods for this game already, and many of them are actually pretty good!I think it still has a ways to go before the developers feel it's done, but as someone who's been playing it for awhile and is a while 150+ hours in, I can say that it feels done and is currently 100% playable! The stuff they're adding is just bonus content for an already-amazing game, as far as I'm concerned. As far as glitches go, I have experienced very few, and most of those were close to when I started playing. I haven't noticed anything in at least 3 months though. Anyway, I look forward to the final version though, and if there's any game that's worth buying early-access, it's this one! Although that's just my opinion."
76561198080698498,Recommended,233860,34593381,Posted: 29 August,all,StarxStone,"Kenshi is best described as an anime that puts you on edge. The story is up to you but the situations (most of the time) are out of your hands. This game is a plot devise generator in my opinion. The game feels like a book that writes itself and keeps you interested until you screw up and rage quit. You can go in heavy and stay out of towns trying to uncover the world or you can play it safe going town to town selling loot from guards to give yourself a head start. The only small things I will say is pathfinding in certian areas suck and starting can be really really slow for beginners that might get impatient and try to take on challanges that can get them killed. It's a keeper and with a nice steam workshop to boot, the game feels fresh every bloody playthrough."
76561198083126900,Recommended,233860,33801686,Posted: 25 July,all,Sethix,"BUY IT!!This game is so honestly an addictive passtime you will lose hours from your day as you are training your men in the roles to become hardened warriors, engineers, cooks, farmers and doctors or just building/planning the next expansion to you camp that becomes a town and a then a city.Mining some iron/copper to sell and just surviving at the start of a game makes you so happy only to rip you down as the wandering starving farmers rush in and batter you to steal your food, leaving you unconcious for the slavers to come along and trade you away where you must plan your escape and return home.That is just a few of the things that happened to me in my first few hours in Kenshi and i believe i have more surprises to come from reviews i have read.The bugs are small and not enough to make you scream as the devs seem to be watching feedback and sorting stuff out as it appears - keep it up devs.100% recommend this game :)"
76561198119514375,Recommended,233860,32906498,Posted: 27 June,all,JonyN,Weird at first but after a while you get the hang of it and start to have fun.
76561197969787517,Recommended,233860,33934473,Posted: 31 July,all,jaimeb42,"First and foremost this game is still early access. There are bugs and strange happenings afoot. That being said, this game is amazing. IF I had to compare it to something it would be like a 3D Rimworld. Kenshi is set in a post apocalyptic era. The world is unique and different compared to other similar settings. As of now there is no story or main quest as I can tell. However, you don't need one. This game is completely wide open. Do anything. Be anyone. The exploration is very rewarding. There is so much to do already in its current state. Over 100 hours in I haven't even touched on thievery, slavery, town/outpost raiding. There is so much content. Anything can happen in this game. You can be eaten by wild animals, captured and put into slavery, eaten by cannibals, jailed, beaten, kidnapped. Seriously, if you like Rimworld or OPEN rpgs in general, you probably need Kenshi."
76561198042573150,Recommended,233860,34909665,Posted: 12 September,all,ImmortalLich,"Great GameLarge Open WorldCombat Is Fluid and ResponsiveYou can do what ever you think of from building up a town, become a trader, a bandit or even a slaver.But the game has a high learning curve so you should expect to die a few times.There are multiple races to play as and each race has a big effect on how you play the game.There are multiple faction which you can interact with but some factions hate you if you are anything other than Human( Shek, Skeleton ,Hive )"
,Recommended,233860,34913404,Posted: 12 September,all,GreenOnionPat,"This game will appeal greatly to certain group of people. Those who enjoy RPGs elements and micromanaging will feel right at home. Fair warning though this game does not hold your hand. You are basically dropped in the middle of a wasteland in a city or random building in the middle in the desert. Starting off as a weakling and will be destroyed constantly at the beginning, but it is part of the game process."
,Recommended,233860,34484582,Posted: 25 August,all,KingOfBoop,"This game is very awesome. I've always loved base building, survival, and sandboxy type games. This one is really good. If you like building outposts you'll like this game. If you like wandering and not settling down anywhere you'll also like this game. There is a lot to be had here. The best part is, it's getting close to beta, so it's almost finished. The developers are also very involved in the community, and this almost seems a collaborative project"
,Recommended,233860,34378341,Posted: 20 August,all,j3uurm,"Kenshi was definitely a game I looked forward to buying, and when I finally bought it, it was completely different than what I expected. I had thought this was a 3rd-Person RPG/Hack-and-Slash and what I got instead was a complete masterpiece. Sure, it may not have the easiest controls or learning curve, but when you finally get somewhere interesting in the game, it becomes amazing. You could be the leader of a village that only wears rags and hats, or go from poor wanderer to heroic paladin. This game has endless possibilities, and wherever you come from in gaming, it will be sure to entertain.In short, MOST DEFINITELY RECCOMEND."
,Recommended,233860,34305226,Posted: 17 August,all,Mr Duck,Dang this game too good to be an early access worth the price if you open world and rts games can't wait for the 1.0 release
76561197991317269,Recommended,233860,34316994,Posted: 17 August,all,Hagen67483,"Great open world game, but you have to be a ""make your own advanture"" person."
76561198018987479,Recommended,233860,34915836,Posted: 13 September,all,Voxoid,"I saw a random Kenshi video on YouTube and thought I'd check the game out. Bought it and said to myself ""I'll just play for an hour and see what it's like"", ended up playing for 8 hours straight and haven't stopped since."
,Recommended,233860,32410123,Posted: 14 June,all,J_duff44,"This is a really good game, it's been in developement for ages, but the devs update it every 2-3 days.  It's a whole nother world, and it feels real, and you want to see it all, and all these different areas have different climates, and the scary places feel scary, and if you make bad choices you are going to have to go to autosave."
76561198005520201,Recommended,233860,10781718,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,SpecOpsGuy,"I have had this game for some time now and always seem to go back to it as the updates come out. With enough polish this game will be a diamond for those who enjoy rpg, economy, strategy games."
,Recommended,233860,35135738,Posted: 22 September,all,EmperorHeartles,"Kenshi is very much a niche game. Not everyone is going to enjoy it and yes it can be a little too sandboxy at times. The long development time also made me question whether or not I would enjoy this game when I first bought it during a sale. However, I must say that I have enjoyed it a lot.What I enjoy:- Constant updates and support: In the year or so that I have owned Kenshi, the game has improved quite a bit and runs a lot smoother on my Laptop than before.- Modding Tools: Using the FCS takes time to learn but when you get the hang of it, you can do a lot more such as new factions, weapons, etc.- Beak Things: Those little pieces of... hate fighting them. I feel like I accomplish something when my squad kills one.What I don't enjoy:- Crashing and Bugs: It's Early Access still. Bugs and crashing are to be expected. I'm not going to like it when it happens, but the game has been getting smoother over time with updates.- FPS: The game can be very cpu intensive. Not graphic card intense, cpu. Because of all the wandering groups and npcs going about their day, following their ai. Sometimes the FPS can slow to a crawl.- Limited Modding Information: I assume the reason for the lack of information out there is because the game changes over time, sometimes breaking mods and changing code. Still, there is a very sporadic and basic amount of information on modding out there (at least reading wise. Not sure about YouTube videos, I know they exist but I'm more of a reader than a listener.)Overall: Kenshi is a great game that suits MY preferences. I enjoy it a lot and will continue to play, neglecting my other responsibilities like work (actually, I'm late for work right now. Oops.) and school. YOU may not. I can't gurantee that you'll love Kenshi but what I can say is to give it a chance.This isn't about being a hero that can slaughter everything in its path. It is a story of survival, accomplishment, and being eaten by Beak Things."
76561197989775121,Recommended,233860,31757769,Posted: 14 May,all,The Angry Planet,"Kenshi has had nothing short of a troubled past, there have been dry periods and updates with more bugs than i can count but even with all of that, i have stuck with the game for a very long time. it has become one of my favorite games and i continue coming back update after update. the progress has become faster and the game is far more smooth than it ever has been. I personally respect the developer of Kenshi even though i have yet to meet him, the developer puts himself into Kenshi and i can feel that while i play.the game is an interesting mix of roleplaying game and town management, there are a multitude of threats and permanent death is always a possibility so playing carefully is a must, you can play as a trader, moving goods from city to city, you can play as a lone ronin wandering the lands slaying the evil and depraved and you can even be the leader of a town with its own production lines and products.Kenshi has remained one of my favorite games since i first played it many years ago and with over 100 hours into it i feel comfortable saying the following, if you enjoy role playing games or simulation games, if you feel like supporting a good developer or if you just feel like trying a new game... this very well may be the one for you."
76561198038967742,Recommended,233860,4555606,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,pigeon conscript,injoyable
76561198067663643,Recommended,233860,33402340,Posted: 9 July,all,♛King Carter♛,"Its a great game. People are being too critical on the review section of this game. Relax everyone. Some people will love this game and some people just will not. I however am a battlefield veteran, star citizen fanatic, and arma 3 player. I absolutely reccomend this game to people like me. It filled the gap between being in the army and creating one. It is timeless in need of overall updating, but I will say it is an impressive piece of art. Would gladly purchase this for a friend, but I wont so dont ask:)"
76561198063701370,Recommended,233860,34475316,Posted: 25 August,all,B1ack A1ch3myst,"So I've owned this game for a while now and I can still remember when I first got it on a whim. I thought ""Okay, another game in beta that seems a shred above the rest. Cool, I'll give it five minutes to impress me."" Almost ten minutes in, I was about to write it off and move on but I was feeling generous and pushed through it, something kept me playing. This was back when there was no tutorial, so learning the UI was very frustrating yet it felt kinda rewarding, even though I had literally no idea what to do.Then I kept playing, and learning, and I felt like I was actually figuring out a world with various cultures, regions and peoples. You learn things early on like ""Hey, don't ♥♥♥♥ with Beak Things alone"" and ""Okranites are REALLY racist,"" and other things about the world that gives you a sense of satisfaction in just knowing thigns that help you survive in the map's different regions.Now that there have been numerous updates, the game is super polished, in my opinion. I personally love the skill and combat system, the building and crafting mechanics, and the little hidden gems of story in the wastelands. That brings me to another point. Story. If you're looking for a driven campaign, there isn't one. You make your own, which in a lot of games seems a lazy development choice. But in Kenshi, it allowed me to feel super invested in my character(s) endeavors. I have this whole little head-cannon for every single character and it ties into how I met them, what they do in the community, and other little things I just make up (I should really make it into a story on the reddit page or something one day). I use the products that my people make to fund expeditions into the really sketchy parts of the world to find treasure, sending the stealthiest members of my faction to free slaves wherever I find them.If you're thinking about buying the game, do it. The devs have been at this game for a long time and seem super invested. Every update they put out is meaningful and almost always adds a lot of stuff to do or see. It'll be rough at first, but hey, it's to be expected when you're dropped into a harsh, unforgiving world that you know nothing about and trying to survive and thrive. This game doesn't hold your hand and is arguably more fun because of it. I keep coming back for more even after over 200 hours of gameplay."
76561198042001920,Recommended,233860,34830534,Posted: 8 September,all,Dragoon_103,First off this is not a review about the game itself or anything but my history with finding it and my experience playing it. Little to no information about the game itself I written from me.So I first heard about this game quite a ways back in 2014 and it seemed right up my alley. After trying it out at that time I just could not like it. Be it may it was only for about 15 min and I was pressed for time at the time it rolled off of my mind and I was to never to think about the game again.Until now.I was recently urging for a game that was deep with depth and interesting settings. I have been playing a lot of rim world semi recently and after coming down from my play binge I longed for more. But rimworld was overplayed for me at this moment. So I looked around for some game that I might like but to no avail. Until one day I remembered this game and I was intrigued with how it's shaped up to be. Now I had a bad experience with it a long time ago but I was willing to try it out. I first downloaded it and tried it out from a particular place. And when I say tried it out I mean I played it for literally 25 hours straight. I was hooked. So after that test session I threw the cash down to get the game and look and behold I pump in another 12 hours of head smashing and outpost building in before I had to work. All I can think about right now is this game.Now this isn't a comprehensive review about the game itself. I've had my fair share of cool experiences and emergent story in my little bit of playing. But what I urge you to do is to try the game out. There is a demo available that can get your taste wetted a bit. Then if you don't like that then put it away. Who knows. Many down the line you might just rediscover the game in a new light and be hooked just like I was.
76561198013261696,Recommended,233860,33330226,Posted: 6 July,all,chd20024,"so i can't remember if ive wrote a review for Kenshi or not, ive had the game since it first came on steam, back when the map was just a desert and not alot worked or was implemented yet, and even than it was always a game i came back to and played, becauseeven in its super alpha unfinished state this game was fun to play no matter the bugs or lag or things that happened it was still alot of fun......baby you've really come along way;-) Now this game is by FAR the best example of how a Steam game should progress, there have been constant updates constant fixes, and content added, if you remember when Kenshi first came out on steam youll know what im talking about, this is how i wish ALL steam games worked but sadly they dont many games on steam have potential and never go anywhere, many are there just as quick cash grabs and then droped, but not Kenshi, kenshi even in its current unfinished state is a game id gladly pay 59.00, cause its a billion times better than many games that do charge that and dont deserve the price tag, Ive been on Steam for years now and rarely post anything unless the game is phenomenal or abyssmal, i can count on one hand the times ive posted or commented but Kenshi deserves the phenomenal rating......thanks for doing it right guys and i just really wana say i appreciate all the hard work youve done with Kenshi and you've made a lifetime fan out of me=)!!!!....sorry for the horrible grammar"
,Recommended,233860,35305822,Posted: 29 September,all,ERROR,"Had ton of fun playing this since the beginning, can't wait for the final release!"
76561198063717212,Recommended,233860,35226396,Posted: 26 September,all,PallydanPhoenix,"If you like journeying through a vast landscape to discover treasures, challenging monsterous predators for their meat, building a trade empire, training a war party, role playing, crafting robot parts, wading through endless spiders, managing a small civilization, getting thrown in jail for stealing a foodcube, getting taken into slavery because you fell asleep in the wrong place, or living the humble life of a bread maker in a town then I absolutely recommend this game."
,Recommended,233860,35321543,Posted: 29 September,all,Rubenator,Great game
76561198004416036,Recommended,233860,13155383,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,"LTJG Sketch, USNR","To be clear: The game is definitely playabe right now, if you really have to have it. I highly suggest you wait untill they release their next update before investing your time.Exactly like the description, you make a squad. As long as you don't get eaten by cannibals or die of blodloss trauma, you get points in your defensive stat.It's a harsh world, and to me, plays like a poorly written spaghetti westren with brilliant graphics and fun mass beatings by starving bandits. Nothing wrong with that, in fact, it's refreshing and a lot of fun.The developers are very invested in the game, and I look forward to see their progress. I'm glad I supported this game."
,Recommended,233860,35279753,Posted: 28 September,all,Chronovore,"This is really everything I've ever wanted in an open world game.  Starting off as a solo adventurer in a large world, finding some allies to help me out, building a sustainable encampment, and exploring remote ruins.   I've sunk many hours into this game and I'm ready to sink many, many more hours into it."
,Recommended,233860,35499967,Posted: 5 October,all,ZarkXavox,"Kenshi offers what no other game can do for me, and I'd have to say that this game easily ranks in some of the best games I've ever played. The replaybility of Kenshi is godlike - I've played it like a normal RPG, like an RTS, and like a city-builder all in the same campaign.One of my favorite things about Kenshi is that you can adjust it to how you want! Do you think it requires too many cactuses to make a meal? Do you want darker and longer nights? You can open up the modding tools to create a fix in just a couple clicks with little modding experience. You can even edit/create towns, AI, factions, and tinker around to make it a world you want. If that isn't your thing, you can visit the workshop for a great list of mods to get.Lastly, it does have bugs here and there, but I haven't had any game breaking issues after 110 hours of gameplay. You can import your save into a new game/world if something acts up, and it's a great way to refresh the population if you change any settings/add custom towns."
,Recommended,233860,9151328,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,BladedDragon,"Unfinished Concept that shows a lot of promise, if the developer can implement his ideas, this will be a great game to sink many hours into."
76561197992615560,Recommended,233860,23698772,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Stormbrooke,"The game can be described as Skyrim meets town building.I think the beauty of it is probably the early game struggle whether you're playing a single warrior or a weak bunch of settlers... in both experiences you'll only just be barely surviving and it's that edge of your seat moment to moment that makes the game so addicting. Yes in time you will become a master but it does the early game better than other survival rpgs in the genre. You will come to care about your characters if only due to all the extreme close calls you've been through with them.If you can imagine your most ideal open sandbox game lacking only a well written story or deep characters, well that's Kenshi.It does go from being one of the best games I've played to being a painful bug-ridden headache. But the Dev is very active adding a lot of new content quickly and likewise trying to fix bugs just as fast. I have a lot of faith in the Dev and the beautiful game he's creating and know it will be a labor of love that only continues to get better over the years.The highs for me overcome the lows. I'd recommend playing, it will be a game you remember fondly for a long time to come - provided you're lucky enough to have your first playthrough be a stable experience :)"
,Recommended,233860,2887565,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,TORFF,"The game is still in development, so don't expect flawless diamond of a game! It IS FLAWED atm, half the skills are missing etc, BUT! it's really fun!!! For example: Build a house, expand, build walls, EXPAND, build fields etc; make a small town, produce and craft items/food etc hire mercs, make a small army...or, just roam around solo, slay the raiders, ninjas or even merchants, outfit yourself, and fight a damn army of opponents ALONE :D+ another good thing is that game is constantly updated!So just buy it, support the producer, and enjoy the product )))I ♥♥♥♥ing love this sandbox :)"
,Recommended,233860,7903223,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,I am Edgy and Good,"The most important thing first off to mention is it's an early access game. it is by no means complete, and if you choose to buy it keep that in mind. However, I myself bought it when it was $15, and really after playing it for so long and getting so much out of it when it is not even close to complete I would have been willing to pay much more than that. This is a masterpiece in the works, and is well on its way. The only complaint I can make is the updates are fairly spaced out, but this is very understandable because of the type of game this is and the size of the development team. If anything they are fairly sporadic in their updates all considered.If you like the idea of building a city/army/both, or strategy games in general, this is for sure the game for you and I recommend buying it as soon as possible not only to support the developers in their endeavors but also to experience the greatness."
76561198021808541,Recommended,233860,8747773,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,savageman1,"great potential, it has lots of bugs but hopefully they will fix them and finish adding over 80% more of the game"
,Recommended,233860,1600511,"Posted: 25 March, 2013",all,papand13,"Even though the game is just in an alpha, it is remarkebly well made for being an alpha. The options that are available, and the difficulty of the game combined with the feel of community among your team is just a great experience.The reward of seeing your city flourish with traders trading at the saloon, workers working in the field and in the mines, visiters walking through the town and bandits being killed and drawn off by your guards is huge!This game is recommendable!"
76561197981767834,Recommended,233860,910806,"Posted: 6 May, 2013",all,Jupp Jupp,"Amazing game so far though it's in the early alpha. Support the development, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,233860,7753523,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Sirian 03,"Kenshi has the potential to be a seriously incredible RPG/Strategy Sandbox game if all the right design decissions are made which, as of right now, the game seems to be heading in that direction. Still a long way from completion but is already a better game then a lot of full release games out there."
76561198028186996,Recommended,233860,3856586,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,MAD2169,"For the work done so far in this game, I have extremely high hopes for the final product. Get this game as soon as you can!!!"
76561197997130022,Recommended,233860,7785551,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Vivaldi,"Awsome Game !!  Don´t forget it´s early access and the feature they want to implement will make the game one in a whole .Now and then ,it will be a great experience ."
76561198078224400,Recommended,233860,7855497,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Quintus,"great game, well worth the money even in this stage"
76561198087394841,Recommended,233860,7924030,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,austin,its really good game if your into sandbox mode has a small learning curve. 8/10
76561198055212986,Recommended,233860,5801982,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,DJ_Androm3da™,"For a game in alpha, Kenshi is freaking sweet! Lags a bit, but otherwise, this is a cool sandbox RPG that you could litteraly waste hours on. More updates, please!"
76561198023586377,Recommended,233860,7947840,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,YourSwolyness,Great game!
76561197964405424,Recommended,233860,182781,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Icarius Fallen,"So this is a pretty cool game, Dev works Helluva hard on it, and oh yeah, During this current steam sale, he ACCIDENTALLY made it 33% off..  and stated that he was actually intending to increase the price. So, if you haven't gotten it yet, BUY IT NOW, BECAUSE THIS IS THE CHEAPEST IT WILL EVER BE! (10.71)."
,Recommended,233860,7386783,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Takei Naodar,Promising Title and Concept..... the has not a llot experience with such a big project though and just a small Team. Still..... high Chance of a very good game later on.
76561198065950476,Recommended,233860,7767288,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Hashtastic,even in its alpha this game is well worth the money. cant wait for the next update.
76561198075639335,Recommended,233860,7920922,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,dr_duck_tape,i'v played it more then Skyrim......need i say more :D
76561198110720368,Recommended,233860,7969931,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Monkey D. Luffy,"I LOVE this game. It takes a little while to get the controls and basics down but then you can create epic cities or massive armies. the world is a giant sandbox and it is awesome. I love how you start out from when you chose your beginning to how you get a feel as to how difficult it is to survive on your own, but when you do make it in this game you can be close to god. I totally recommend this game it IS worth $20 indefinately."
,Recommended,233860,8686451,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Smilefjes,"I love the potential this game shows, and the way it's described really.and I hope to see it finished one day.until then, I have literally no clue how to do the simplest of things.I've been running for a long time though, so my strength is just through the roof.but that's about it.buy, sell, run, die, load game, stuck on counter.the only conclusion I've been able to properly reach is that you probably need more than a couple braincells to have things make sense at this stage in the development.a couple braincells that I personally lack, judging by my disability to play this game.I would still recommend it though, simply because there is something really interesting about it."
,Recommended,233860,30534006,Posted: 15 March,all,Blade Phoenix,Worth every minute spent. cant wait for more updates
76561198050719425,Recommended,233860,30436796,Posted: 10 March,all,TheWizard,"If you love open world, RPG, party based, base building, lots of options, you will love this game. Waiting on end develop game, it should be sweet."
76561198151956731,Recommended,233860,22189661,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,no hope left,Yeah game is extrodinarily better than before yeah man 10/10.- explore a world on a huge scale of RPGship-farming-bad♥♥♥♥♥audio-cool environmentklike a high grade B-A rated sci-fi western... totally recommendf!
,Recommended,233860,22106736,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,goldalex26,"original, playable, fun"
76561198027946172,Recommended,233860,8900512,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Wassergup,It is a pretty deep RPG experience that has potential to be the greatest in its genre.
,Recommended,233860,8917403,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,RedDeath,"I've put 300+ hours into this game; and really enjoied it. I've built towns, and found a bunch of bugs, but it is in alpha. I didn't buy it because I thought I would enjoy it, I bought it because I thought it was briliant, and diffrent from other games I've played, and that when finished, it would be a truely great game. The only other games I've put more time into are Fallout 3 & nv, oblivion and skyrim. Kenshi is tough, and unforgiving, and very unkind; but a great challenge if you can manage to survive. the ammount of times my squad has run into multiple battles on the way to another town, and had to run to the gates to just barely escape. Having friends is good, espicially in kenshi."
,Recommended,233860,8893794,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Rye Bread,"A lot of people worry about buying Early Access games. And they should. Early Access is a risky investment for the consumer. But you don't need to worry about this developer. This is a solid team making a great game. I've had it several years now. It started off rough around the edges, buggy, unstable, but fun. I had a lot of fun in its early stages. Its a testament to the core aspects of the game that I loved it even with its Pre-Alpha quirks. It pre dates Early Access on Steam altogether. After all this time. The original lone developer, Chris, (and now a complete team) made something really special. Its got a ways to go. But it has grown exponentially since when I bought it even.I bought it just after they added sound to the game. I want to say that was 2012 but I don't quite remember. I had my eye on it prior to that but that is when I took the plunge. I started off confused. I wasn't really sure how the game worked. The style was nice but the world was a little off in the ways that any game is prior to an alpha release. Despite that, I had a great time. Its fun just roaming a desert. Its fun talking to the weird inhabitants.  It was awesome when I finally WON a fight. And base building is as fun as it is time consuming.I was running from city to city, gathering resources, gaining a comrade or two in the process. Booking it past Bandits and Ninjas to the safety of city. And, once I was strong enough, fighting back, with mixed results. It is interesting that the sense of relief I feel when my limping character carries a bleeding out comrade to the safety of city walls... is immediately followed by the desire to venture outside of those walls yet again. Thats Kenshi for you. Its all in the goals you set for yourself.The original map was a massive desert. Fun but monotonous. The new map adds quite a bit of spice to that. Swamps. Fog Islands, Coastal areas, Forests, Mountains, and a new and improved desert. More is to come. Only half of the map is available at the moment, but it is huge. I'm not even close to discovering all the major cities and I have put 20 hours this week on exploring it (and that is all I have been doing with my squad)First the danger outside of those walls was Ninjas and Bandits. New updates added Cannibals, wildlife... fog men. There are hostile areas (particularly in the North) you should back off from unless you have a group of solid fighters. Either the enemy's numbers or skill will overwhelm a new player there. I really enjoy the creature design. Familiar creatures exist like dogs, bulls, turtles and then there are Garrus, Beak Things, and some creatures that should be avoided altogether because they are four stories tall.Its a journey for your squad and its a personal thing, because the game doesn't tell you where to go. It doesn't tell you to stop until all of your guys are dead. It just says, ""GO."" From a guy with a sword to an impressive company of nomadic traders. From a crippled old man stranded in the desert to builder of a city. An escaped slave to the conqueror of an empire."
,Recommended,233860,8906070,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,ShadowGiggler,"Holy crap does this game have potential. I don't even want to know how much time i'm going to sink into this game when the mechanics are all in place and the content comes in faster. This game has so much depth, and requires a little bit of patience at first, but when you get the hang of it you'll fall in love.I'd recommend this game to someone who loves games like Starcraft and Fallout, at the same time."
,Recommended,233860,8834256,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Paladin,ok so the new update was nice however now i have randomly dissapearing buildings and objects I.E the research table and conatainers. any ideas and before you ask yes ive relogged reloaded and tried walking away even tried rebuilding it with no success.
76561198006357124,Recommended,233860,8903720,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Doomed,"I haven't seen a game with more raw potential  this early since... well, ever. It's already an addicting timesink, and I can only imagine it'll get even better as time goes on.I love the RTS/Open-World RPG hybrid idea. Base building, squad management, character progression, and a huge world full of warring factions. This seems like one of those dream-games that people were trying to build decades ago before the technology existed and the industry got caught up in multimillion dollar AAA ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.The aesthetic is wonderful. ""Steampunk Samurai Western."" That is now officially my favorite combination of words."
,Recommended,233860,8892645,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,chimpslave,This game is fantastic and its not even close to being finished. I highly recommend it!
76561198035761193,Recommended,233860,8889110,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,xeothedead,so an idea came to me while playing. i imported unit buildings research.  and seeing as my settlement is close to the town of catan for when ever reason catan inhabited my buildings and in my GUI i had one citizen and control of all of catan and still my own units. thats when the idea occured to me. give a scroll wheel on the GUI for the units (i know simple but needs to be said) and add tabs above the GUI so i can then assign units to a squad and make tabs at will that stack like cards in solitare. now i would rule the world with an iron fist with the largest city backing me but the game seems to enjoy crashing. but overall amazing game its been a long time (normally i would of fizzles out waiting) but the end game from what i guess is going to be insane! keep up the hardwork!
76561198088477302,Recommended,233860,22228342,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,This be ken,True example of freedom in games and it focus on that freedom than an actual story. I'm forced to give it a 10/10 keep up great job devs can't wait to see what else you put in the game.
,Recommended,233860,25957353,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Punished Mindex [PG],Yes this game is in alpha for very looooong time but its at playable and good state and getting fixes constantly. If you really hate early access games I don't recommend but If you are interested in this genre I think you should give this game a chance.
,Recommended,233860,23228100,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,⚔☪ Screamin'Sicilian ☪⚔,"I remember starting this game years ago when my computer couldn't even run it. I was disappointed because the game seemed so cool and I couldn't even play it because it was buggy. It was like my dream RPG and strategy combo. But as years went by and I randomly decided to check in on it, I was extremely impressed. My computer could run it smooth and I started playing the hell out of it. And then, not too long later, 0.90 came out and it was like playing a whole new game altogether. There's still bugs here and there, as it's in development, but I have seen the progress firsthand and I am very excited to see where this ends up."
76561198041349827,Recommended,233860,23329814,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Red,"While early access and open world sandbox are two words which usually bring forth any reaction from \""this has potential\"" to \""i would rather cut off my arm with a rusty spoon than play this game for another minute\"" but personally i think it\'s on the good end of the spectrum.Firstly, the game is as previously stated, an open world sandbox, but with a nice twist, as opposed to the usual solitary experience were you craft, build and improve all by yourself, this game encourages you to recruit other npcs to be controlled by you. And by \""encourage\"" i mean it in the same way disease encourages you to go see a doctor, while not always necessary, it\'s still the best course of action, mostly because your new \""hero\"" is as much of a hero as the crack addict that lives next door to meThe gameplay is quite nice, they call the fighting is squad based, meaning you will be fighting with a group, against a group, a big part of combat is also the standard gear and their bonuses, but they also have a skill system, were the skills become better the more your people use them, and some gear gives negative stat bonuses, which means that heavier armor is quite balanced.You can build too! You can start your own town (though i don\'t think you can get any \""normal\"" citizens) were you can craft several houses and a ton of machines that do stuff for example, you can make a blacksmith, weaver, chainmaking station etc. you can also farm within your town, which is done by building the respective farm building, for example a wheat farm, then employing one of your guys to work there, but before you can build any of those you need to research them, which you slowly do by making the highest level research bench you can and staffing a person there.A lot of people tell me to judge early access games by their current state, and not their potential, and while i somewhat agree, i don\'t even need to judge it by it\'s potential to tell you this game is great, even in it\'s current state.The main problem with the game is simple, a lot of bugs, but however it doesn\'t crash too frequently, except when you mess about in the settings too much, and sometimes buildings lose their textures and get a placeholder one, and sometimes the npcs get stuck not doing anything.But despite all that, i would recommend this game to anybody who likes open world sandboxes and a challenge, and don\'t care much for high-rez games and don\'t mind some bugs and crashes"
76561197991567851,Recommended,233860,10931564,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Fixxed,"Bought it when it first came out. Back then there were waaaay less things to do and alot more bugs... still i managed to play 20 hours in just 1 week....Extremely addicting tactical game with alot of possibilities... that just improve with time. 8/10Because of its numerous possilities (can make a town, make a squad, research stuff, sell stuff, set up a shop etc..) as a squad game (in other words, you give commands... your units will do actions without you manually having to do them 1 by 1) i give it a 5. 2 points i reserve as a matter of taste and 1 point for the amount of details and uniqueness this game has.Updates are slow so im still waiting for more stuff before starting all over. but its definetly a great game that proves that, unique and awesome games may come from the smallest or most unexpected places."
,Recommended,233860,25141461,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Nuzo,Overall a great game. Not much else to say.
,Recommended,233860,30761006,Posted: 26 March,all,Al Babes,Kenshi... Ill say this. Currently tops my hours played game library! I got sucked in for a long time even with an extremely young family!Continue to improve your masterpiece!
76561198057761752,Recommended,233860,30717099,Posted: 24 March,all,Sevarihk,"If you are looking for a game you can casually play for a few hours and be done with it, you should not buy Kenshi. This game takes a lot of time to get almost anything done. The huge world alone (and not even all of it is playable at this point) takes hours to explore, especially if you dont want your characters to starve on the way. The different zones make the world feel interesting enough, even though there are a lot of huge open spaces (perfectly suited to start a base).There are a lot of different ways you can play this game:Build a base with everything you need protected by a huge wall strong enough to withstand groups of raiders... orGather a few capable fighters to pillage camps, raider groups and whole cities if you are up to it... orMove swiftly in the shadows while you steal the most expensive goods to sell in another city where nobody knows (or cares) that the goods were stolen in the first place.But no matter what you do, be prepared to lose fights and almost get killed or enslaved over and over again, until you are an experienced survivor, because the start is very rough and the first few hours you will probably barely hang on to your life. But keep going, because once your stats allow you to withstand a proper fight, it will be so rewarding to pay back the beating.All in all this game has already very deep and intriguing mechanics and no matter what play style you choose, there is enough content to keep you busy for days.The development seems slow at first, but whenever there is a content update, it is usually pretty profound. The game is still a little glitchy, but there have been big improvements over the last year, so apart from occasional reloading, the bugs are not really much of a problem anymore."
,Recommended,233860,15700999,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Kalanos,"My take on Kenshi is a mixed bag.  Bottom line is I love the game but it's horrendously buggy and development is extremely slow.They bill it as an RPG with RTS elements, but it doesn't play that way for me.  I see it more as an RTS with RPG elements.  You scavenge materials, build a base, train recruits and laborers and defend or go on the aggressive.  It reminds me a bit of Earth 2150 in how each unit can earn experience and lvl up (the RPG aspects) while maintaining an RTS-like squad-focused feel.It's a lot of fun training your troops and building your town up.  But the bugs, oh my.  If you play the ""stable"" release, expect to crash randomly every hour or so like clockwork.  I honestly had better stability with the ""experimental"" opt-in steam beta branch, however some friends with similar rigs say they can't play the experimental version at all due to single digit frame-rates (it plays fine for me).  But either way you go, the sad state of pathing AI in this game really kills the joy.  Regular reloads when your own guys get stuck in the landscape and terrain and a constant spectacle of enemy units stuck on hills and corners.   This is by far the worst of the bugs, but there are lots of others.I really like the game and think it has awesome potential, but the state of development and the persistence of bugs through so many releases really has me discouraged.If you managed to pick it up on sale like I did and don't mind risking a small investment on a game with great potential, then go for it.  If you aren't willing to throw money at a project that may never be completed and has too many bugs to enjoy for any length of time in it's current state, then I suggest you wait and see what happens.For me, I'd do it again.  I knew what I was getting into and the sale price of $10 makes it an acceptable risk."
,Recommended,233860,24430385,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Lunaire,"I just want to say that this game is pretty incredible for what it's worth. Even though it's early access and still bug riddled, the devs are still putting out updates so it's not like a Stomping Lands kind of deal.The soundtrack is probably my favorite part of it. Beign a video game design student that is focusing on audio and visuals, the soundtrack sets the tone and just gives me chills. I would very much like to meet the head of the sound department for this.Gameplay reminds me of Baldur's Gate in a sense, with the stop starting squad movements.Overall, quite an amazing game well worth its price. I would very much like to see what the devs come out with next.5/7"
76561198072717091,Recommended,233860,31356680,Posted: 25 April,all,Ryder,"WARNING: game is in beta.I love the game but atm its very basic.* Can't be a merc.* Can't be a holy nation soldier or anything to do with them.* Very buggy at times.Expanded ^* Swampers, hounds and guards started fight one another. (when they are all the on the same side)* If someone is knocked out (be by you or someone else) they still know who kidnapped them.* Glitching throw walls.* Your meant to get 2 rep with THN (The Holy Nation) when you give them a bounty and not take the reward (doesn't work for me anymore.....could be a mod im using.)(Bug list over)* ""Choose to be a thief, a bandit, a rebel, a warlord or a mercenary.You can be a trader, a doctor, a peacekeeper, a business man, an explorer, or a mere slave...""* Warlord - Nope good luck with only 30 people.* Mercenary - Nope only thing is bounties.* A business man - Nope shop counters don't work.And sadly:https://www.lofigames.com/phpBB3/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=10836""-Limb amputation & robotic replacementsWould have been great fun but unfortunately is a ""luxury"" feature so I have to drop it""I was really looking forward for that.But in the end i still recommend it why?Because the devs work constantly to make it a better game and one day i believe all these things will be fixed.And its a unique game that i can't get enough of."
76561198044516972,Recommended,233860,23330029,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,maltheal,i highly suggest buying this game devs are active and working on the game updates are put out a ton but they are often huge updates that being said there are some things i wish to be added to the gamethings like taxes if you own a house in a city you should pay taxes and it would be cool if there was a real living economy like if you bought all the iron in a town the price would go up and town life would be cool ...ect that being said its still early access and more is going to comeP.S buy it completely worth it
,Recommended,233860,24892688,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,King Murdoc Lord of the squishy,"I played the game thinking it wouldn't be that great and I was 19 minutes into it thinking ""I'm not sure about this game"" but then I kept playing. 30 minutes went by ""I might refund this"" 2 hours go by ""how the hell did I get in trouble I didn't do anything... oh its because I'm a hive character."" 6 hours into the game ""Oh my god I love this game!"" its  a great game that can be a bit addictive and I NEVER say that about RTS games. the only problem is that its not complete yet BUT they are doing updates so that's great to hear. there is a map limitation that you can't go past from just 1/4th of the world map. can't wait when they get all the updates done and unlock the full map to go exploring and adventuring."
,Recommended,233860,33235678,Posted: 4 July,all,✡KosherBosher✡,"Damn fine game, I got about 100 hours on it before moving onto the experimental version. I see a very bright future ahead for this game, don't be afraid to pick it up and support a small, dedicated studio."
76561198079430411,Recommended,233860,30459679,Posted: 11 March,all,Syzygy,"I trained a random wasteland dreg into dayman who proceeded to take other dregs and teach them his secerts of Karate. Camping out in the pits of despair fool of monsters with sticks and practising getting beaten into a finely chiseled hulk of godlike strength, and only having to watch a 4 disciples be eaten alive, I then proceeded to roam the wastes and loot ruins for max tier armor. Garbed in the finest of clothes, and armed with the greatest power of all, texts books on how to build crossbows, i set out to establish my staging camp. You see, the best places to create cities and camps area already taken, so i had to go all Communist revolution and seize all property though force of arms.10/10 would strave the masses again for ego."
76561198081088664,Recommended,233860,21901755,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,blackwolfsmokes,great game
76561198086541822,Recommended,233860,20687712,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Tyranius,A fun game :D
,Recommended,233860,21069536,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Ninjai,"Wow, Guys this game is the{LINK REMOVED}bomb.com!!!I'm not even that far in and this game is so much fun!!!  I started on the hardest guy and man it is just so fun to start from nothing and get a town going while customizing yer guys.  It is fun fun fun.  The detail is great.  The controls seem wonky at first but then you double click your character to center, get acquainted with them and then all of a sudden it is really seemless.  Lol I really like this game hope you all get it, well worth it."
76561198067606860,Recommended,233860,20689976,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,NinjaBeest,This game is pretty good.
,Recommended,233860,21000748,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,agauss,Just get this game. It's amazing in a lot of ways.
76561198054112095,Recommended,233860,24659126,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,DaBonBon,"Its already one of best sim/management/rpg/rts hybrid games (if not best). Regular updates, and devs fulfilling their promises gives great hopes for what it'll become.Having robot-samurai party being chased by 30+ paladins yelling ""HERETIC"" 11/10"
76561198083362869,Recommended,233860,10795320,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,futomaki,this is a very deep game with a little more work this game will be stunning fix the crashing please thank u for giving game editor though helps when someone gets stuck in a building or something.
76561197999136450,Recommended,233860,26557391,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,System of a downsyndrome,"This gameThis ♥♥♥♥ing gameI'm addictedplz send help HELP!PP!O?#?!""%P"
76561197996950664,Recommended,233860,33485553,Posted: 12 July,all,Uncle Grandfather,"I bought this game early 2013, monkeyed around with it briefly, then shelved it up until early 2017  -- it has been a long road, but this game is one of the very few early access games that I'm not sorry I bought into.It has a moderate learning curve, and occasionally awkward UI, but it gets steady, if not large, updates.I can't think of any other game out there quite like it, but if you can handle Dwarf Fortress (fort mode) and enjoy it - then Kenshi may be up your alley as well.The hardest part is just figuring out what to do when you first get into the game.   Once you get the basic hang of things, you can appreciate all the intricasies the game has."
76561198142156204,Recommended,233860,32260092,Posted: 7 June,all,Alex,Runescape 2017
76561198015032870,Recommended,233860,23739401,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,mr.playa199,I never thought i could hate something in my lifeuntil i have met the GODLLESS RIVER RAPTORS10\10 would try to get them go extinct again
76561198005225538,Recommended,233860,31691441,Posted: 11 May,all,Messala,This is a true rpg game. Every other rpg game are just wanna-be's. This one is for real. Buy it if you like a man's rpg.
,Recommended,233860,34773939,Posted: 6 September,all,Whiteshade,"It's a good sandbox game. Great mechanics. But it's really challenging.Setting is great, freedom is also great.But game requires lots of time and sadly I don't have this much time. I'm a casual player and this game is not for me .But I still suggest you to try this game if you like rpg,sandbox and building. Also game have the best character creation system I have ever seen in my life."
,Recommended,233860,35162424,Posted: 23 September,all,JaredTriesGaming,"This review comes from a up-and-coming Curator for a multi-tagged gaming Steam group.To make this review simple to read, I'll explain the major pros and cons, with the pro/con titled in all capsUTTERLY UNQIUE CONCEPTThis game is like no other I've ever seen in my years of gaming and reviewing; The concept is simple, but never seen put into a game before; A hyper-realistic post-nuclear war[At the least, it has that feeling] setting in which, no matter what start you have, you'll always have a challenge, where no events is scripted and everything is entirely by chance.ULTRA-REALISMThis game IS extremely realisitic; The game won't hold your hand for new or struggling-players, but it is also fairly easy to adapt and learn. Events, such as bandit attacks, wild animals, robbery, merchant arrivals, and price changes, aren't scripted and are near-completely random. The game-changer to some of these, mainly wild animals and certain raids, will be where you [eventually] settle. For example, The Borderzone-Swamp[Which is where I currently stand] was a bad choice; While bandits are generally weak here, the nearby Swamp Raptors are a problem; They're stronger than my band of 5, and they eat the crops. However, after a couple of raids by them, I learned to keep my men in their houses until I could have a wall built up. For the smart player, there is always a solution to every problem in this game.PURE SANDBOXYou are never forced to go to one faction or another, or to be stuck with one job. In this game, no matter what start you choose, you can become anything you desire, so long as you can over the boundaries of your start. Nothing is scripted, everything is possible.-------BAD PERFORMANCEThis game, understandably due to it being in beta, has some bad performance. No matter your computer build, DO NOT EXPECT 60FPS. This game is just poorly optimized, and only the game designers will be able to fix it.CHALLENGINGThis game WILL NOT hold your hand whatsoever. You can make the game easier with some mods and settings, but no divine blessing or intervenetion from the game; You can, by sheer chance, be hit by ultra-geared mega bandits in your 2nd in-game day. This is a con for newer/casual players, but a pro for the more hardcore survivalists."
76561198045582308,Recommended,233860,5144366,"Posted: 25 April, 2013",all,TheCometCE,"This may be in alpha at the time of this post, but this game shows ALOT of promise!If you're into roguelikes take a look!"
,Recommended,233860,23045053,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,PaFlito,"Just need time to understand the mechanics, but it's a good game."
,Recommended,233860,28882504,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,I'm already under attack,"I think this is the only early access game I've played that's actually ended up being good!It's like sims / city builder / wrpg, no actual goal just do things!"
76561198027856051,Recommended,233860,13335344,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Tomcat,"It's a really great open world sandbox style game. I really enjoy the ""you're not special"" feel of it. As a bonus, the devs are working really hard to get it perfect, and update regularly, which isn't something you see in all early acces games. Still  has a long ways to go, and more than a few bugs to fix, but they seem to be on top of it. 10/10"
,Recommended,233860,14712019,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,amERICAN DREam,"Kenshi is a game that i have always loved because of how harsh it is, in other games like this you can destroy bandits and other enemys easily. But in this if you go out and try to fight bandits you will die, and fast too.its a game where it doesnt have to be about combat either, yuo could be a farmer, shopkeeper, bandit, trader and many more occupations. i dont have many hours on kenshi but i do plan on playing more and i think it was worth investing my money in."
76561198066333644,Recommended,233860,14692571,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,scoop,"I have played over 40 hours and so far I had a nice ride.Here´s my review:good graphics and setup. the character design and customization is neat, although I played zoomed out most of the time anyways.nice ideas and gameplay when it comes to base building and crafting. pretty good production chains. very nice concepts in this game.I love the post-apocalyptic-style of world design. atmoshpere-wise this really stand out.BUT... and there´s always a but it seems:( i know it´s early access , I get it. I never expected a finished game. it´s not that I bught it without having experience with other EA titles.)1. core mechanics not working or not working consistently enoughthis one is my main concern. workers forget their jobs, which means you end up a lot of micromanaging individual group members.also pathfinding and collision is a mess sometimes. even the workaround (which are offered, that´s a plus) don´t work consistently2. slow development cycles.the game is in development, which is nice. but so far I have experienced only one real update. the devs are in contact with the playersm which is nice. but I wonder how this game will ever pick up some momentum and gain some ground.basically from my standpoint, i couldn´t care less about great char graphics and player customization... thats all icing on the cake once its baked and finished to eat. but pathing, collision and AI behaviour is so essential for this kind of game that it needs to get taken care of asap.and when  Í read on the forums that some core game bugs are dependent on the actual game engine chosen for the game, I am prone to believe that maybe the have chosen the wrong engine....its been a good expense/reward scenario for me. I don´t mind spending the money as the time I played was great. but there´s no poin fo rme in keeping playing right now, because of the points mentioned before.keep in mind: it´s early access. so if you want to support the game and idea behind it (like I wanted to):buy it. its a good investment as the game itself will be sweet once it´s far more advanced. whenever that might be though..."
76561198018190008,Recommended,233860,13239167,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Aero182,"this game is awesome, it gets cooler every time i come back to it. i really like what you guys did with the walls and the turrets. very nice. i'm enjoying this game alot, you guys have put allot of effot into it and it's really something to be proud of."
,Recommended,233860,13125534,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Standard Bunny #Road2AnalEbola,"So at the time of writing this I only have 7/8 hours gameplay, and I can say that when I first play a game that I don't understand, I get frustrated, and find it crap unless I force myself to learn, Kenshi is the kind of game that you WANT to learn more about, it took me several new games to figure things out, find good trade routes, and eventually set up my own buildings.This game requires the very basic of common sense to get a grips of, and it rewards you for clever thinking, can't wait till the dev's add more and hopefully make this already brilliant sandbox game into something that everyone will want to play (I hope they add multiplayer at some point, you will understand why when you ply this game)at the current stage of EA 8.5/10 easily c:"
76561197961334345,Recommended,233860,14759578,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,F!LTHY,"Update 10/07/15Kenshi has gone through a massive bug bash and is now far more playable than ever before. It is still missing the complete world map and still needs more content, but the majority of the bugs i mentioned in my review are now squashed!Kenshi has all the potential to be a great game, possibly even Warband great.At the moment it is fun but with no real longevity and a lot of bugs. This is to be expected in any Early Access game and as more content is added and the bugs are slowly squashed the game will only get better.Pros* A different play style - the world is cruel and you are but a grape waiting to be stamped on. (being beaten to a pulp by a group of starving homeless people with sticks, wearing pajamas is a cruel start to any game.)* Excellent damage system - limb damage and animations.* Base building (leads to CTD's at the moment but you can still experiment.)* The beginnings of an economy, with many items to purchase, craft and sell. (selling is a little bugged and not fully implemented yet.)* Open sandbox world - with the promise of many more biomes to come (currently there is only one flavor, desert!)Cons* Bugs glorious bugs! - CTD's every hour or so in the stable version, less to none with experimental, but a boat load of others such as NPC's getting stuck everywhere.* Without quests, faction relations and other planned features the game can get a little repetitive after 4-6hrs. (you will need to create your own adventure.)* Thrown in at the deep end - steep learning curve (can also be seen as a pro!)* Slow developmentMy main issue with Kenshi, and i believe the only reason you should not buy it if you like this type of game is the slow development speed. I cope with this because i really do believe in the devs and understand that this was a 1 man show for a long time and that this is their 1st project together. Everyone has to start somewhere! But because of this big bugs, such as the memory leaks and pathfinding are taking a long time to squash!So, should you buy Kenshi? If you like open world RPG squad management games... then it all depends how patient you are..... if you are not, then i would wait, there is an option on the Kenshi website to receive an email when the game is fully released."
,Recommended,233860,13281149,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,🈳🈹🈳🈹🈳🈹🈳🈹,"KenshiI will start by giving a brief history of my experience with Kenshi....When I first seen this game I was ecstatic, I felt like finally an rpg like sandbox/simulation game was being developed that had a theme which I found fitting and unique. It came across as something being built upon and in a very ambitious manner. When I first jumped in kenshi I did not have much to work with other than running from town to town across this expansive desert or farming hemp. NPCs were pretty rare at this point and it did not matter much to me. I still found myself running around aimlessly, having fun just imaging what this game can eventually turn out to be. I truly believe this game has nigh endless possibility for the fans out there of this style of game play.I have to say all in all this game is pretty self explanatory from the trailer. You can choose several starts for your character, all of which give you a different style of game play starting from a solo rp play style to a squad based one. (you can start with 1 pc or 5, you can start as a trader or retired soldier) When you get in after creating your PC you are given a rough ui with all the controls laid out in a help screen. Forewarning this is not a walk in the park, expect your survivability to be low especially when picking a tougher starting.However, regardless of what start you end up picking you will most likly be forced to do a few monotonous things to survive. Such as having hostile npcs chase you into town, staying alive while the guards kill said hostile npcs and then looting/selling the gear you recover from them. Admittedly this is an issue, one I see being resolved as the skill and stat system is fleshed out more.Albeit I feel as of right now, in the stage this game is currently in (alpha) it would not appeal to someone lacking the needed patience or interest in Kenshi's development. IMO - I am willing to wait as long as it takes to see this game reach it's full potential. A project of this magnitude takes time, and I hope the devs keep updating it with the slow and steady approach. This means working updates that actually change major aspects of the games mechanics, graphics, ai, landscapes...I think I have seen these guys rework or update about almost everything this game has to offer since initial release.UpdatesIf you have any doubts about this game seeing updates, I would ask you to consider the following. I have been following Kenshi closely for some time and the developers are making a fantastic effort with updates. I have about 60 hrs so far putting in a few every other week since initial release. I can say the changes this game has undergone is tremendous.Here you can find any info regarding updates and the roadmapBe patient and take solace in knowing you will be supporting something that does take great effort to create. The team for Kenshi is not all that lucrative afaik and the amount of work I personally have seen put in at this stage is well worth the current price tag.Pros vs Cons(All subject to personal preference)ProsConsPrice TagVery Long Devel StagesEndless Possibility/Modding SupportA lot of monotony in this stage/Very Long Devel StagesMajor bugs are hot fixed fastYou Can Find A lot of bugsTime ConsumingTime ConsumingShort of the developers studio being swallowed whole by the earth itself or losing all funding...I don't see this one not living up to it's potential. With the extent of this games mechanics and the capability of a modding community, the sky is the limit for this one. Another game that will surely, one day become a classic among the host of others.Recommended"
76561198003888207,Recommended,233860,13673670,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Solid Tsuchinoko,"Kenshi deserves your money. Not only does the store page entice buyers, but it seems that the devs are actively listening to their buyers and are updating the game on a semi-regular basis. I owned this game when all I had to work with was a barely functional ""promise"" that, for the most part, held up and made an enjoyable ""God game"". Now the 'one-man' dev team has escalated into an actual team, there is actual music and sound, base defense, talk of a stealth/interogation mechanic, and wild animals! This is more than I asked for and I thank the devs personally for making this game and continuing to improve upon it."
76561197963650004,Recommended,233860,13770376,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,kurple,"I'll write a short tale on how I became Hitler of Kenshi, the human experimenter.My journey began in wanting to be the world's greatest swordsman. So naturally I studied how to increase my combat skills. It says in the description of leveling up your combat skills, such as katana, dexterity, offense, and defence to fight stronger opponents than you in order to gain a bonus in leveling them. But, the obvious problem to that is when fighting stronger opponents you run a very high risk of dying. So I took on a passive approach. In the beginning I aggroed stronger mobs into friendly cities in order to maybe get a hit in between the crossfire. After the fighting was over I looted and bandaged the mob. Then I realised something, if the mob were not armed (because I looted them) they cannot fight back. Thus I learned a faster method to grinding my skills. Every once in a while I would get hurt so I ran to the local inn and rested my injuries. There I wondered, if I can rest my body faster this way, can I rest the bad guy's bodies? Of course I can. So I started making a human farm of looted enemies where I would beat them to unconsciousness, put them on a bed, then beat them to unconsciousness when they got better. But, the story doesn't end here. Later when I was building my village I noticed I can construct prison cages. What originally started out as a simple outpost for researching weapon crafting, turned into a human livestock factory of caged samurais and holy paladins where they would be beaten to unconsciousness every momment they are awake.tldr: I made a post-apocalyptic japanese concentration camp.9/10 (1- for the damn glitches, go finish the game)"
,Recommended,233860,15881084,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,| Mystic |,"This game. Its worth the investment people, even if the develpoment process is a bit slow. The game filled the part of my soul that yearned for freedom within a game. Ive put in a decent amount of time and tried a few different playstyles. This game is definitely meant to be played as a team based rts, but my favorite style is to go for the one man army. Picking fights, losing misertably, watching your bruised and battered swordsman crawl back from the brink of death...nothing tops it. 11/10 would brutalize my character again. thank you lo-fi games"
,Recommended,233860,21889814,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,purp dranker 4000,I have no idea what the ♥♥♥♥ I'm doing
76561198054578954,Recommended,233860,17073840,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Hot_Rod_Zoidberg,Keep up the good work
,Recommended,233860,17212677,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,T6R,"Just killed a full outpost of Holy Paladins. After killing them all i slept in their beds, and i'm now using their corpses as an extra backpack and carrying them on my shoulder. 10/10."
76561198013029951,Recommended,233860,28721696,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Belth,"If you liked M&B you will love this. Bear in mind that being in alpha state the game has some issues like glitching, AI pathing conundrum, and squad members randomly forgeting what jobs you have assigned them. Apart from that the absolute freedom of gameplay is there. The grind to level up your skills is substantial as well but then again you feel a certain satisfaction when you hit that coveted threshold. I am looking forward to seeing this game bloom into its final release version."
76561198002571202,Recommended,233860,15441720,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Swyft,"Really fun game once you get into it, however it crashes all the damn time right now. If they can get that fixed it's fun"
76561198057605487,Recommended,233860,15449406,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,NinjahPaco,"Great game. Severely punishing for even minor mistakes. Beware the bandits, they will take your soul. And finally, if you are considering purchasing this game...be warned, if you buy you will lose a large chunk of your life.PROS+HUGE Potential+Gratifying rewards for a job well done+Play your way!+RTS or RPG or BOTH+Always something else to doCONS-Unfinished (so there are your normal glitches, crashes and errors)-Requires patience and cunning-Requires LOTS of patienceWell worth the 15 dollars. Just keep in mind, if you play defensively, it will probably turn into a bit of a grind."
76561198006605252,Recommended,233860,15453605,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Kendal,Its a game with huge potential and im looking forward to the next updates.
76561198085783171,Recommended,233860,17147436,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,xhuggels,"So what is kenshi? Well, it is a sandbox RPG with a twist. It acts as an RPG in the sense that you can customize your character to almost as much detail as most other RPGs out there. You also have the crafting element you find in most RPGs and sandbox games. You may craft weapons/Armor/Clothes/medical supplies/rum (which at this stage can only be sold/food (same as rum) and other things. You gain materials to make them through mining, farming or buying it.That is fine, so what makes kenshi different then? Well, kenshi has a couple of other elements to it, two of which add some serious sandbox/RTS attributes to it. First we have base building aspects, you may build buildings and put your production equipment and storage boxes inside. You may build walls around your town and you may put man-able crossbow and harpoon turrets on them to defend your town. Base building to a degree some RTSs don’t have, comparing it to a sandbox instead.Now you may ask, I have a big base with lots of production equipment and I can build pretty much anything, but who is gonna run the economy??? Well, the other aspect that gives it an RTS feel is the fact that you can recruit a total number of 255 equally customized characters to your cause.So now we have a large base and an army that may take over the world if we want? Well you will end up like that yes, but not now. Now you are one guy, and probably the weakest most insignificant one within the kenshi universe too, unable to 1v1 anything at all. That seems unfair! So at least we get a lot of gold to buy some epic swordsman to protect us right? Nope, you don’t even get that. You have crappy worthless gear and barely enough money to recruit another useless person as weak as you are, with equally worthless gear.Okay but if 1 of my guys cant 1v1 something, maybe we can 2v1 something right? Well yes actually you may 2v1 a hungry bandit, the second weakest thing in the kenshi universe, only they don’t travel alone…there will be 10-15 of them. The only things that travel alone are the very strongest ones on the map. But that’s okay since they wont be found in the safe zone right? Wrong, the only safe zone you will find is the one you make from hard fighting and training and good gear and lots of strong fighters….In kenshi, the weak and the strong walk together, and most of the weak die before they even get a chance to grow strong. That is if you don’t wanna be stuck in a friendly town for the rest of your miserable life.So how do we get stronger? You train your skills by using them of course. No level system, just skills that are independent of one another. For damage you increase your weapon skills, whether you wield a katana, hacker, sabre or heavy weapons class weapon is up to you. That goes along with your attack skill, which influences the frequency your attacks get passed the opponents guard. For defence you have toughness, which allows you to get hit more before fainting or dying, and is trained by…getting beat up a lot…Along with this goes your defense skill, which allows you to block or dodge more often.Then you get your heavy supporting skills in both defense and offence, namely strength, allowing you to carry more stuff without losing speed, dexterity, increasing your attack and block speed, and athletics, increasing your movement speed.Then you get your other skills like medic, armorer, weapons smith, thieving, stealth, laboring, engineering, science and more. Increasing your ability in each.So how about the world, whats the world like and does everything want to kill us? Well, there are groups of bandits running around who would attack you and strip your gear once you faint(you can turn the gear stripping off if you want an easier game) ; there are ninjas running around who will attack you to train their skills, there are nests of animals who roam the area who will attack you and drag you back to their nest for feasting, there are cannibal towns who will attack you and eat you, there may be factions who hate your guts and will attack you, different towns and the groups who own them. So who do you have that will not kill you? There are traders and their guards walking from town to town, there are towns that will be neutral towards you, who luckily hate your enemies to the point where they will defend you, and there are adventurers (powerful warriors who travel solo) who will come to your aid if they are around (a rarity)So kenshi is about learning about the world and your place in it, and slowly moving up in the world until you are the superpower. It is about skillfully avoiding unnecessary trouble until you can face it. It is about starting at the bottom, and ending at the top somehow. It is about what you have it in yourself to be. It is not multiplayer, so you wont see the horridness of humanity you find in an online community. No noob bashing and no kids acting all grown up.Right now though the game is in alpha state, and the map is just one big desert with mountains and minimum foliage (it acts as a fake map right now since they are building the real one, which will be 339 square miles as opposed to Elder scrolls: skyrums 25) Right now it is buggy, but the devs are fixing bugs and releasing updates 2-3 times a week. The devs are very active, and have so many ideas of what they wanna add its not even funny. Right now there are 2 races, but they are planning at least 5. But for now the focus are bug fixes until they announce beta with the new world map, which will have all the kinds of biomes you can think of and more that you haven’t thought of yet, along with many biome specific creatures. There will be a fast travel system that would not work like a loading screen (or so they say) we are thinking that ships or some sort of caravan road system will be what they opt for.Right now though, it is on steam for $19.99, where at full release $59.99 will be a bargain. This is basically an RPG/sandbox/RTS/survival game. The most complex idea I have yet seen on steam.I would recommend it because the devs see it as a dream. They are very active and include the community in pretty much everything. Lo-Fi games, despite being a 6 man crew (half of which are not programmers) are doing an admirable job with this game. I recommend it because if the devs pull it off this will be a game easily worth more than $59.99. It may be worth close to $100, but I know that the devs wont go that far, however it is easy to see that if you buy it now, you will save lots of money. I recommend it because if the devs pull it off kenshi will be the greatest single player game in history.So now we are at the 0.9 beta, and wow, all i can say is wow. its still buggy, but within the last 3 days a total of 9 hotfixes were released, so the team is working on it around the clock.Weve been waiting in the deserts for what was promised to be the best single player experience ever! and we are getting closer, with the first part of the actual map being released. It looks beautiful guys, it really does. No more bare deserts, you can tell alot of effort was put into the map. There is atmosphere now, nightime seems ominous, and everyone wants you dead, or just doesnt care. Very few people would help you from being slaughtered. In the kenshi world death is just another part of life. things are harsh, and hunger is a thing now. If you dont starve, get eaten,  or killed in battle, you may just end up being that impossibly powerful swordsman you see in the movies, but even then you can die, as you are not the only one out there. The character avatars are so well designed. The stronger you get the more visible your muscles. The more starved you are the scrawnier you look. Its just great."
,Recommended,233860,22800238,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,✪Joshie_Boi @hOme,"Superb game. It has so much to do and always seems to put a challenge in your path. If you into building/crafting/trading and in general RPG's, then this game is for you"
,Recommended,233860,15451605,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Iosevus Cross,"Great game even in alpha.I had an eye on this game for awhile, wondering if it would vanish like alot of other indie/early access games do, but since it had been around for awhile now and seemed to still get updates I figured it was time to give it a try. I wasn't disappointed. Even with the alpha glitches this game is great fun, and with upcoming features and more polish I can see myself being sucked in for many more hours.The way the skill system works is great, it's a style you don't see very often anymore. You want to get faster, run. You want to get stronger, carry heavy things. You want to get tougher, get hit in the face with a brick.I will continue to play this in it's alpha state and look forward to each upcoming patch."
76561197984953336,Recommended,233860,1035340,"Posted: 21 March, 2013",all,deece16,"Update 2/20/2016:This has been a LONG time in the making, but the game has progressed nicely. Content is always coming and the game is looking amazing. The struggle to survive is real. Now with food and water being an issue, it's not quite so simple as scavenge what you can to sell and get better weapons and armor. Nope, now it's actually more surviving. Great game if you are looking something more realistic in terms of survival as in most things can kill you, and if it doesn't, it give you a broken arm/leg making the next thing so much more likely to. Highly recomended.This is a very cool and HARD realistic type game... which makes it AWESOME!!! Definately recommended!"
,Recommended,233860,25356046,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,saltmummy626,"I gave this game a negative review about a year ago. The reason for that was at the time, the game had stuff to do but doing any of it required you to travel across a vast and featureless desert. I played for two hours and most of that time was spent doing almost literally nothing. It was a slog. I didn't mind the difficult and unforgiving combat, and the lack of ranged options only put me off mildly. It was that wide open desert, that vast expanse of nothingness seperating all that juicy interesting content.I noticed Kenshi in my library recently, and knowing well that it's developer was dedicated to making this game, I clicked it to see what had changed in the last year between now and when I had written that first review. As a friend of mine said, Development had gone from slow to frantic in that space of time. The old boring map was scrapped in favor of a far more interesting landscape. I installed the game and upon booting and making my character, my eyes were met with far more than brown sand and nothingness. The landscape is clearly still a wasteland, but it is now filled with interesting flora and fauna, and dotted with the twisted metal wreckage of some long gone peoples. I actually WANT to see this new world that Kenshi's creator has put foreward. That alone is enough for me to turn a thumbs down into a thumbs up. Apart from that, the game also features several races and female characters now. Sneaking and theft are a thing. Ranged combat is still not planned except for as mounted crossbow emplacements, which irks me a bit but not badly. Some of the stuff I didn't get to see before has become more accessable thanks in part to a landscape which isn't ballachingly tedious and boring to cross. The UI is also a lot more attractive and fitting.As a final note from my new experiance with Kenshi, I entered a town and immediately some preist told me I was a ♥♥♥♥♥ and needed to repent the darkness in my heart. Also, Someone shouted that some bandit nearby was ""possessed by skeletons!"" I know that one of the races is called ""skeletons"" but at the same time, I find the concept very funny."
,Not Recommended,233860,24726552,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,=^_^=,"Lots of neat ideas, but the game needs to get a bit further along before I can recommend it. Frequent crashes and a lack of depth in many game systems make it a bit too early to invest your cash into, I think."
76561198013967653,Recommended,233860,16735701,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,WoT625,"Took some guy's clothes while he was unconscious. Police got really angry at me for some reason and knocked me unconscious. After I recovered, I went to the inn to sleep. Police were REALL angry apparently and knocked me out again while I was sleeping. 10/10"
76561198032679957,Not Recommended,233860,35090969,Posted: 20 September,all,boloeng,"After 300+ hours periodically playing the game from the very first versions of it... What can I say, the idea is there.  The mechanics are so simple for those who know that it often feels complex to figure out how they were tought ?????I want to like this game... I cannot.  I've played it on 3 diffrent PCs (very decent hardware and theoritically very compatible with the specs for the game). In a few words:--> IT IS BUGGGGGGGGY!!!! <--I always come to a point where the program keeps crashing.  When it finally loads up, my guys either get stuck in the floor  or rain from the sky all around the map only to die later.This is an hypothesis, but I also feel that some of my permanent files get corrupted by this game.  It took me a lot of time to fix everything after the various attempts I've made.I know the game is under developement, but I consider it very deceiving when the improvements made from version to version only consist in adding new features meaning adding new bugs to the partially fixed ones from the previous versions.  I am very used to Alpha and Beta games, the stability of this game is amongst the weakest I've seen throughout the years including many rather complex Indie games.I tried, I really did...  I waited a long time to write a review.  I'm out!"
,Not Recommended,233860,35108714,Posted: 21 September,all,Sargos,"This game wants to be ambitious but pretty much fails in what it actually delivers. It has a huge (mostly empty) map, combat and basic base building systems in place, and some RPG like statistics. Each system is there and sort of works at a basic level but none of them have any depth and everything is plagued with unpolished user interfaces and a feeling of being slapped together with duct tape.Keep in mind that this review is for the almost completed game. It's just a few months from 1.0 according to the official blog. There are some reviews on here from 2-3 years ago that no longer apply (but a lot of them have portions that you could copy and paste today and they would still be true).Game is best summed up as: ""Wide as an ocean but deep as a puddle"""
,Recommended,233860,1989458,"Posted: 26 April, 2013",all,SlyGoat,"This is one of the few early access titles I've not regretted picking up early. It delievers a decent level of content already with a lot more promised on the horizon, and it actually abides by the spirit of what early access is rather than just being a sort of super early preorder; the developer actually uses community feedback to determine what features to focus on.The game itself is also very engaging, but that's more a matter of personal preference. At its core it's primarily a sandbox game (and as far as I'm aware the first sandbox game to feature primarily desert, which strikes me as odd; think of the symbolism!), though at the moment it isn't as flexible as you'd expect a sandbox game to be. Even in early access, however, there is a decent level of easily accessible moddibility to be found. You can tweak and create weapons, NPCs, characters and even build NPC towns and modify the base mechanics of the game with a simple and relatively straightforward GUI.There is unfortunately not much more to say about the game at this stage because it is still early access and seemingly a long way off from release, which may be enough to put a lot of people off. Let me repeat because it can't be overstated: this game is made by an incredibly small team (it was a team of one for a long time) and it isn't likely to be finished in 2014, maybe not even in 2015. But it's already a fun game at its core if you like squad based RPGs or town building simulators or a mix of both, and it is steadily progressing. I also expect that over the coming year it'll start seeing some decent modding."
76561198081129781,Recommended,233860,8148526,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Dangerfox123,Very difficult but rewarding none the less
76561198064998461,Not Recommended,233860,28501813,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,CoolCat2win,"To preface this review I would like to say,  ""I really did not want to rate this game negativly. I also understand the early access stance of the game"" It has a bold and unique style. And presents great ""Potential"" for gameplay. Many systems are implimented and more will be added. The game handles adventure and  the life of a wonder very well. These aspects will get even better with the new map. This is were my issue with the developers priorities come in. Far more resources need to go to bug fixing at the moment before adding new content. The second you start trying to build any mildly complicated base you will be in micro managing hell. Characters commonly get stuck  when depositing items into storage, get stuck under the stairs of buildings, randomly get their position confused and think they are outside a gate (this one is a little wierd), characters fill their inventories with♥♥♥♥♥♥when the container they are trying to hall to is full (I could probably fix this one if given access to the code. Check if their is space to stire the item in before allowing a character to pick up items from the original container. Items currently being hauled there by any any other character assigned to the task of auto hauling are counted into this total as well. They would still have issues if the player fills the container they are going to manually, but it is a start.), river raptors congregating at the base door and glitching through. Most of the issues involving characters being stuck can be fixed by reloading saving and loading the game. Until the game crashes as a result of this."
,Recommended,233860,23807325,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Watchman,"If you got the specs and a good bit of free time, then i'd absolutely recommend this game.If you don't, but want something kinda similar, then get mount and blade warband.The only real reason that i'm not playing it now is because I got a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer, but from what i've seen, I know that i'd love this.Hope this game becomes a massive success guys! Cheers."
76561198015062701,Recommended,233860,12473310,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,AscensioN,Takes a lot of focus and time but most importantly takes brain power.8.5/10
,Recommended,233860,12683632,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Yasho,"Open-ended sandbox, (No liner story!!), simply amazing game! This is one of my must have favorite games on Steam!  A true testament to PC gaming.  Immersive, fun, intuitive infinitely playable - over 1000000+ hours of fun!  A truly unique gem only possible on PC - the reason I love PC gaming.  I do own a PS4 and a Xbox 360 too."
,Not Recommended,233860,25914309,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Ivan Drago,"I love sandbox games, Mount & Blade was one of my favorites. I had high hopes for this one, but I was dissapointed. This game is far from finished or even playable state. Poor graphic, poor optimization, bad camera, empty world... I hope devs will eventually make this a worthy game, but currently it's far from the polished product."
76561198103065265,Recommended,233860,9008270,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Chazflame,OK this game is good but soooooo hard. You can make a area your home but then after a bit of time you will get attacked and the boss's who come are mad and theyt have lots of men with them. So getting a stert in this game is hard but again it and ok game but it needs to be easyed of and have it made easyer to make a bace and live for more then 5 min.
76561198106581166,Recommended,233860,10202627,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,kshort328,An absolutely amazing game! I highly recommend getting this!
76561198094229014,Recommended,233860,15104311,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Caesar,"pros:good gamehigh FPSFun rpg elimentsSwordsSlaversHundreds of NPCCan creat your own fac/traders guild,Empire you name itTrading systeamOther FactionsNo ZombiesDevs adding new content for freeLoads of things you can doCons:Crashes every 1-2 hoursNot Many conversation'sBandit Army'sNo Rebel'sNot Much DiplomacyCant Join Other FactionsNPC dont interact much they dont buy anything so trading feel's pointlessNot Interesting or truly fun starting point's except for Rock bottom and Canibal hunterFeel's like a Skyrim,with Shogun two total war,Mount and blade and the Guild 2 all mixed toghether.Dont get me rong good game but dont get it till they stop the Combat bug's,Lifless NPC'sand crashes im just glad this isent another get half the game buy the rest through DLCSadly the Game for me is unplayable and if the crashes do not get fixed soon im deleting this game and never buying from this company again come on man UNPLAYABLE...."
76561198020760454,Recommended,233860,8901479,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Scorpio,"This concept is the best i've ever seen, hands down. Love it.INSTA FANBOY, of the concept!!!I'm not even going to list to many of the bugs and flaws...because it's still in an alpha/beta  stage,and has been so for a long time.7 years + mostly with one guy working on it.Biggest Cons imo are,Lack of Heavy armor types/skinsNo AXESNo Maces,hammersNo bows/ranged combat..is planed tho on the roadmap.lack of buildingsBuilding walls is so broken its sad after countless fixes over the years including the new beta build.Men building the walls bug getting stuck in place or just will not build them etc.Can run through walls.(will be fixed )Even with chase disabled your men will chase enemy and start to spread out across the landscape.Game needs a stand ground or hold postion option for squads.The lag is real,game needs to be optomized.The stuff that makes this game just Great.(really to much to list)You can set up bases anywhere you want and as many as you want.Have up to 30 men in your faction,you must arm them and train them(this number will go up during beta maybe,if not easy to mod or DL a mod off the workshop)Buy and sell  goods.NPC SHOPS WORKCan have pack animals so far Bulls are in gameCan have dogs.Craft yourself and your men swords and armor.Huge open would. check the roadmap on their website.(Google LO-FI games.)The combat  is good,lacks good sounds tho.You can hardly hear any combat sounds in general.Hard at first, after maybe 10 hours or less becomes a cakewalk till more things are added.(that is if your starting guy or men are built up enough and have not been KILLED!!!)Each of your men have about 40 or so skills,its pretty crazy that you can lv up.Lots of research trees to upgrade everything.PERMA DEATHImport to a new world(map) with your squad you had from other saves...Steam workshop-modsCreate mods with the FCS,comes with game.Overall tho this game is cool and worth the time.Play this games experimental build that way you can play with all the new stuff before it gets added into the ""stable build"" the games gonna crash no matter what build,so imo its better to see all that the game has in it.After playing on the new map a bit,94hrs+ so far...got to say its looking good lacks flat areas worth building a nice looking base.I give the games concept a 10/10  the build 7/10 so far. Worth the 20 bucks as there is nothing like this one."
,Recommended,233860,11479911,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,nsdwgod999,"this would literaly be the best game ever made if it had more content. i know he is planing on adding more,and i hope he adds a hunger system and makes more survival thing for it. that way we dont get bored of the game ever. this game is almost compleatly dynamic(except for city placement)"
76561198026256384,Recommended,233860,11623931,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,57fight,"Its already a very solid game with just a few bugs. I would reccomend waiting a short while before getting though as they are updating it to a 64 bit version which will probably come with new bugs. If you want to support the developers though then get the game, you'll have tons of fun and its getting better. I had a wonderful time encircling my town with a wall lined with giant crossbows to skewer any who dared try to attack."
,Recommended,233860,11865307,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Stinky,"This game is an amazing squad management, open world, free roam, RPG strategy game. I absloutely love it. 10/10"
76561198029579899,Recommended,233860,11930040,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Dr.Killinger,"This game is pretty excellent i've played 20 hours so far and the first couple dudes I made, I had no idea what I was doing. Once I gave it a serious try and actually learned the mechanics of the game, it was a blast. It does need some work but that is to be expected. It has some serious potential that i hope to see fufilled in the future. I give it a 8/10 in it's current state."
,Recommended,233860,11774770,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Flubba T. Waffle,"SushiEdit:Sure, it has more bugs than Rapunzel's lice infested head, but it's taking leaps and bounds of improvement every update.  So many updates, bug fixes (althogh many more still lingering), new features, and of course the community's growth.  If you want the gist of the game, go read some other review or watch a video, I'm here to say that it's buggy, but I've experienced it in one of its even earlier and buggier forms, and it was a blast.  Personally, this is by far absolutely and HIV positively one of the best games I have ever purchased  worth every scrap of pocket lint you have to support the classy dev team, and the coolio game.  Buuuuuut maybe Skyrim's cool too?"
76561198085701412,Recommended,233860,11507057,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,El Andy,"Possibly a great game when finished.  The potential is there and it shows apparently.  However, the limits being early access make this game hard to replay when you have figured everything out that is available so far."
,Recommended,233860,9015202,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,pudgypony,"Despite the bi-hourly (predictable) crashes that currently occur, this game is absolutely fantastic. I spent probably the first 15 hours just roaming around trying to stay alive, slowly getting enough money to start up a base. After that and until now I've been building and researching.Considering that I've spent about 30 hours on a game that's like 10% finished, I'm very excited to see where this production heads.Updates seem to be regular occurences.Buy it while it's cheap."
76561198001354536,Recommended,233860,2041415,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,-{SL}- Saint Sin The ReapeR,"Still in development but in all honesty i would buy it as is.  Best game i have played in quite some time and it can only get better.This will go up in price as it is expanded and nears completion, so buy now to save bucks and support development.Saint Sin Approved"
,Recommended,233860,29494001,Posted: 25 January,all,EVEREADY SALSA,"It's kinda playable and enjoyable, but on the other hand it needs at least another 20 to 30 years of active development to become a fully fledged game."
,Recommended,233860,10587912,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Willem Default,"Bit barebones at the moment, but I still played about 7 hours of it before taking a break. It can be slow going, and thus is in dire need of some even higher speed settings, but you'll grow an attachment to your characters and their toils. Very satisfying combat, even if it's indirect."
76561198091925577,Recommended,233860,31291926,Posted: 22 April,all,Reaper,"Day 76: Shortly after leaving the town of Stack, my group was set upon by a horde of hungry bandits ""They should be easy pickings!"" one cried. So my group of 9 were forced to attempt a defense whilst carrying unconscious Marauders over their shoulders. After the ordeal had come to an end my men (and woman) had massacred 27 bandits in just under a minute without suffering a scratch. Plate armor > Bandit Horde :)"
,Recommended,233860,31296231,Posted: 22 April,all,JLaze Coconut,"Although the UI and graphics need some work, the game has a TON of freedom which is very refreshing.In my first 2 hours of gameplay,> I scavenged leftover corpses from NPC fights like a rat.> Talked to some old man named Hobbs who joined my Squad to search for a hidden beast.> Adventured around with Hobbs, scavenging every corpse we found.> Got cocky and picked a fight with 2 bandits. Hobbs and I got knocked out.> While unconscious Hobbs got kidnapped and got turned into a slave."
76561197999348433,Recommended,233860,31127571,Posted: 13 April,all,Wolfhammer,"Bought this a few years ago, devs are consitantly updating the game and fixing bix and adding content. Really impressed. Gameplay is very cool and unique, RPG/RTS."
,Recommended,233860,7823742,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Fate (-{SoH}-),"Currently in Beta it has amazing features for any patient veteran player that seeks a challenge.DownSideNot kind to brand new players.Once you understand what your doing it can be abit too easy in regards to getting weapons/items and money.Money is far too easy to come by once your into the game abit.UpSideThe graphics are good.There is alot of types of weapons and armor also vanity items.You can build your own town and reaserch things while holding off raiders who discovered you and you can also buy places inside towns to set up shop/hq.You start as a no body and with ALOT of effort you can work your way up to being a powerful warrior  that with a weapon or even ur bare hands  destroys armys.Or pick a start where your alreaddy strong, are about to start a town, hunting cannibals, have a pack bull, a pet attack dog ect.Just be warned your not speical in any way in this world your just another person as far as it's concerned so a mistake can get your chars killed or worse eaten alive.You can play how you want  as a:trader,bounty hunter,warrior,Town builder,Smith,Crafter ect.It has a True sandbox feel.The game is very moddable and adjustable so you can play how you want.The game punishs rash actions and rewards the patient thinker thus some will whine and complain about the game being too hard or impossible.100-300 hours of content in beta.All in all a game that is brilliant for it's cost."
76561198051488822,Recommended,233860,8079855,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,armani_samuels,awsome game
,Recommended,233860,2522993,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,kuzjin,amazing. just alfa but best for me for last 10 yeas.
,Recommended,233860,6318585,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Ein Sandler ward erschaffen,Unfinished game. It's fun to play but it can't be described as a game because it's an alpha
,Recommended,233860,553269,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Jord Wylde,"Have never been into strategy games but i honestly love this one, started off a bit sketchy as i didn't know what to do at all, but not long after i've started my own town and building up the faction and going to move onto larger land to start a trading business. Not come across many glitches so far, nothing that halted my gameplay anyway :)"
76561198090768898,Recommended,233860,8048370,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Corinari,kenshi for being in an eairly alpha is very well put together its buggy dont get me wrong but in the support from the community it can only inprove in time and the devs are always hard at work to fix bugs and release new content. it gives u a civ feel but with more open world sandbox playability i suggest watching some lets play on youtube for it to see if its the game for u
,Recommended,233860,1296367,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Big-Al,Something amazing about this. Do check it out... atleast follow what they're doing with this project.
76561198070273968,Recommended,233860,7948238,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,thesoulessone10,Good game fun playing style needs a lot of work to become a great game but it has potential to be awesome. Recommend it
76561198007445449,Recommended,233860,8227291,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Emissar,"Really interesting idea, but only 1 developer/creator/writer/programmer so game creation progress is slow. I like this game but regretably it will never become a product worth buying."
,Recommended,233860,2796834,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,Dazzie,Get to chop stuff and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Also break♥♥♥♥♥♥♥arms proceed to slap them with it. 10/10 would marry again.
76561198058911966,Recommended,233860,9091298,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,The Lizard King,"To begin, this game is a mess. However, it's in Alpha, and the producers are working very hard.Describing it is difficult - You start off with nothing but a sword and a pair of pants. Literally anyone can kill you at the beginning of the game - most of your first hours will be spent scavenging off of corpses or running for the safety of towns.Eventually, you can build your own town, and the nature of the game completely changes. It becomes a sort of Age of Empires mixed with the Sims. You'll need to keep recruiting people and assigning them jobs - you'll need miners, blacksmiths, warriors, medics, scientists. Eventually (and I mean VERY eventually) you can wage wars agains the other factions, destroy bandit camps, and become the ruler of the desert. If you've ever seen six-string samurai, you'll have an idea of the setting.The soundtrack is pretty amazing, especially given the homemade feel of this game overall.Despite all of the problems, this game is addictive, and so original that it's hard to stop thinking about it in your off-time. If you're one of those people who doesn't mind unfinished games, dying all the time, and frequent crashes, I'd recommend picking this up. Even considering the somewhat high price tag, you'll likely put enough time into it to make it worth it."
,Recommended,233860,9902260,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Slits,One of the absolute best games I have ever played in my life. Strongly suggest it for people who like/love squad rpg type games.
76561198010222248,Recommended,233860,10746530,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Wiki,one word:possibilities
,Recommended,233860,25804658,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Hawthorn,"Lots of bugs, confusing mechanics, frustrating AI, stupid deaths, rage quitting ..Best Game I have played in years,"
76561198067529443,Recommended,233860,29791757,Posted: 8 February,all,patomanofallcolors,"Its a hard start but mabey it is intentional, one get hands of it, it is easyer.Things not told, can save so dont have to restart once make bad move like walking in wrong house.Also to find out if house is owned or can be purchased, move mouse over door, privet public.A nitpick I have is that I would like it to be a bit more like rimworld in 3d, and have building be based off of voxle or block mechanics, so you can freeform make different building shapes or just expand off existing building,Also no ranged weapons, or at least have not found any yet."
,Recommended,233860,26402204,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Gaius Regulus,Early access and I've already gotten 100hrs out of it.Considering only like 1/6th of the map's been released I highly recommend this game.
76561198039149150,Recommended,233860,21329925,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Yimmy,This game is awesome.
76561198055966238,Recommended,233860,26545662,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,-Thomson-,jup. get it verry cool game.
76561198047162289,Recommended,233860,23224454,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Tony,"I have been playinbg this game literally since day one. I was young and had a not so decent laptop, and the game was so full of flaws that it never an. I regretted my purchase.Now I have a gaming computer, and with the recent updates the game is extremely addicting. For all the die hard kenshi fans let me just say...""Wreeeeee.... Wreeeee..."""
,Recommended,233860,31337668,Posted: 24 April,all,jaken,Kenshi: a promising gameI'm totally in to sandbox games so this game caught my eye. Interesting design and even is its in development stage very nice to play. It has a big map to play on even if only a part of the world are released in this early access.The game is promising in early and late game stages. Early on its hard to get money and you relay feel ousted by the societies.Late game has endless possibilities if you want to go to war on parts of the world you hate or be more friendly to allies in other part of the Kenshi world. There is lots of factions and some of them can even be a bit wild and eat you if you don't be careful....insert more ....
,Recommended,233860,25368404,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Hendrakken,This game had come a long way since I bought it a few years ago.I can't wait for the finished product!
76561198148462630,Recommended,233860,22629023,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Halycondaze,"My Journey so far in the experimental version>started out as a wanderer on brisk hill, tried to lure the the bandits nearby but failed miserably so I looted the police station>Made a Living from iron ore Mining,since looting bandits seems very unefficient and I rarely encounter them>bought a house in the city to put storage on and a research table>built an outpost near the river but it was soon overuned by river raptors so I abandoned it for a while>Journeyed to Mongrel from Brisk hill, encountered several fogmen and was captured and escaped>after escaping I was chased to mongrel Until the ninja guards killed the persuers, looted an prince hive's head and sold it>encountered Infinity wingwang ang crumblejon, using the magic of Reloading and Reset Squad position, I teleported to brisk hill to avoid encountering the fogmen againOverall this game provides a large amount of open world content, you can play it like a RPG or a RTS,.starting out is not easy since you are far more weaker than a Dog in the wild, there are glitches and crashes to encounter and the FPS is currently unstable with the current build, but as expected from an early access game it is still under development and new fixes and content are being added into the game."
,Recommended,233860,22488640,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Irrelevant,This game will kick your butt if you won't pay attention to the rules and the ways it works!Defenetly one of the best and most complicated games I have ever played!Buy this one as quickly as you can!
,Recommended,233860,22530102,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Noah,"After a long back-and-forth, I finally decided to buy this game. It's become one of my favorite games right now, but it definitely still has a ton of bugs. I understand the developers have been actively developing this game for a very long time, and have many more features in store; and for that, I'm very grateful. That said, I do hope they do a massive bug hunt soon. The majority of times I close the game is because an unfair bug frustrated me too much. It's unfortunate that that's the impression I always leave with, as it's such a fantastic concept."
76561198044269471,Recommended,233860,25390959,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,daelomin,I am always VERY laery of early access games. After reading all of the reviews I decided to gamble. Not at all disappointed. Even if the game never makes it to a finished state (God I hope it does) I am having a great time with it. I have had no issues with crashes or general playability problems. Considering buying it a few more times to support the games development.
76561198240287286,Recommended,233860,30367047,Posted: 6 March,all,nobody nose,"1.9 hours in(at the time of this review), I think its safe to say this game is worth it. After reading through the planned features on the main website, its clear the devs have  the potential to make this game a success.Its true, the start is hard. Especially if you're playing on rock bottom like me. But in time, each hour you survive, you get stronger and faster. While not being too powerful, this game teaches you how to be smart and humble. Don't be fooled by that herd of goats wandering aimlessly. To give you a visual of what its like in Kenshi, here's my first playthrough.>naked dude walking around>see group of people in the distance>'hello friends!'>nope, slavers.>'don't think about running!' 'C'mere meat!'>at first it was just one guy>whole squad joins in>1 blow to the head>KO>unconcious for 400 seconds>wake up>hungry, broken arm, bleeding head>reach lone shack>broke>see iron resource>its mining time!>8 ingame hours later>fed and recovering>mine some more>get iron stick>stats increase while mining(str and labour)>see goats>prepare to get sacrficed to okran!>whole herd attacks me>dying>in lone shack>some guy picks me up>im saved!>lolnope.gif>throws me outside>die outside of lone shack>endThats how exciting my life was in Kenshi. All in all, worth it."
76561198165847212,Recommended,233860,31385632,Posted: 26 April,all,michaelwversyn,"Great game and concept, very entertaining. Can't wait for full release though."
76561198011954962,Recommended,233860,12293481,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,b0bjf,Great game with still more great updates to come
,Recommended,233860,12322932,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,CONSTITUTION,SO FAR SO GOOD!!You won't be disappointed with this game.(This game is still in Early Access and let just wait for the update cause I know they will add animals too.)
76561198119489931,Recommended,233860,22638803,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,dragonninja987,"0.74.somethingStarted out as a man with the sword of the gods;.....5 min in: gets beaten up by starving thugs with iron sticks (there were 6 of them!!!!);10 min: limped back to city and payed outrageous bed rental for healing purposes(ONLY);12 min: goes to bar and made a friend by paying them(thats how you get friends in life if you have no choice);15 min: finished customizing friend;20 min: ninjas fight the town guards;22 min: rob ninjas for thier clothes and weapons;23 min: sold whatever not needed;24 min: ventures out for hours and builds a city and made a mercenary group named Band of the Hawk;27 min: get attacked by giraffe thingy??? barely survives....again;Hours upon hours in : Strong thriving, never seen much wildlife;*updates to latest update*started as a group of 5 robot nobodies;5 min: gets torn apart by giant giraffe bird things;restarted with another group: torn up by Giraffe birds known as beak things (lone survivor watched in horror as his comrades were left dying near the beak things sleeping on top of them;third group: survived and spent hours building a house with crossbows on top;hours: no more beak things HUNT THEM ALLL (just not on foot they are deadly);10/10 would get devoured (BROKEN!!!) by beak things in a harsh land againIn all serioness this is a game that will stomp you down if you dont play it smart, but it is redicously fun and i can recommend it and the dev are working hard, trust me i follow their blogs. AND REMEMBER its an ALPHA its not perfect it can stress you out with the ocassional bugs and graphics card death threats (never really happens at all its just me i swear) but its great in my opinion, Keep up the good work Lo-Fi, keep it up."
76561198153652457,Recommended,233860,28668854,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Tomo The Hench,great group survival game like it how stuff does not allways go ur way hard to grasp but is worth it when u do
76561198044072989,Recommended,233860,24881542,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,beansbeenz,love this game. ganja farm sim.
76561198021671754,Recommended,233860,24497817,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Antis,It's like Mount & Blade without horse.
76561197987103121,Recommended,233860,30764959,Posted: 26 March,all,Subterfudge,Beautiful game with a scope so vast that you wished the millions of dollars funneled into marketing safe but dull games was put here instead.
,Recommended,233860,30589985,Posted: 18 March,all,TheLegend27,Very fun and captivating - 44 hours on record and that's just early access. This game has so much potential and I sincerely hope it will reach it.
,Recommended,233860,30639356,Posted: 20 March,all,ps3joelee,"Not played much yet but it has so much variety in it, it keeps my constantly mood shifting self entertained XD I'd recommend everyone else to play it XP"
76561198058705993,Recommended,233860,30632799,Posted: 20 March,all,MMMMM,I want to hurry up and die so i can keep playing this game forever.
76561198137131366,Recommended,233860,20306917,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Stasyia,i love it
76561198024426504,Recommended,233860,8901442,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Harrison,"This game is so Good! I found it one night and bought it on the spot, (accidentally) played it until morning. When I got up I played it again. With in one day of buying it i'd already played 21 hours. Highly Recommend!"
76561197980282731,Recommended,233860,8892530,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Prepare to meat jamaica,"I don't like this game, on the fact that i don't seem to get started in it. But i will thump it up for the idea, the freedom and the amount of work they have put into it."
,Recommended,233860,8898762,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,young bhr!s,Pls buy. Much fun.
76561197980705490,Recommended,233860,8841599,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Rammaslotti,Very good game with much potential. I´m looking forward to updates and mods.
76561198036306684,Recommended,233860,30827972,Posted: 29 March,all,Shameness,"Game has been changed a lot. I bought this some years ago and now its almost complete game. Not the only early access game in my liblary but this one is most frequently updated with significant contents, in my opinion."
76561198018912607,Recommended,233860,15708526,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,msd123,good game
76561198050943544,Recommended,233860,31168749,Posted: 15 April,all,Zharoon_FelHound,This game doesn't give you a goal.  You make your own.
76561198140424947,Recommended,233860,30415498,Posted: 9 March,all,SHAPOW,yes
,Recommended,233860,24407587,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,★*•.✩Millenna✩.•*★,"Hi eveyone,first of all i have buy this game 3 years ago haven't played it much until 0.70.x it was nice back then with lot of potential, but too many bug and lack of content/feature.The game just pass from alpha to beta [0.90.x] i decide to go back and see what's new and how the game evolve, and i need to say it's AWESOME, according to the fact that the game use ogre engine wich is not the best 3 d engine it's a really old open source engine update by it's community for the most part and according to the fact there only few dev maybe 10 ?anyway, there still some bugs there still need some optimisation and some feature not implemented yet or partially implemented but from previous alpha stage there as been so many improvement, if you like sand-box open world squad go ahead you will not regret it and for the price 15 $ IT TOTALLY WORTH IT.I f you read this it's beacause you ask yourself if you should buy it or not and like i said if you like sand-box open world roaming squad yeah you can blindly buy it, there is too many early acces game on steam but only a few are worth it this one is one of them.so would i recomend this game ? yeah defenetly the devs keep the game up to date and work hard to make this awesome game more awesome, modders will make it more fun and it's there is no other game like this."
,Recommended,233860,28921225,Posted: 1 January,all,Pinefang,"As little i have played this game, i can already tell i will LOVE this game for a much longer time. I lost many hours to this game not even realising it. Outside of this game i've found myself making a story for each character i have and what they will all do when i next play. This game is harsh, you are NOT SPECIAL, you are ordinary, and like ordinary people, you have to train to get better, you also have rules you should listen to depending on where you are. All I can tell you is ""Don't play the Hero.""+Fun+Involving+Replayable=Funny Bugs that usually break the seriousness of the landscape that rarely ever mess something up-Steep Learning Curve (but after that it's simple)"
,Not Recommended,233860,28977550,Posted: 3 January,all,Chips,PC is better than the requirements and it lags like♥♥♥♥♥♥and slows my pc right down.
76561198001959182,Recommended,233860,28953760,Posted: 2 January,all,Tempered,"This game has improved dramatically since I first purchased it back in 2013.  It still has a ways to go to be a finished product, but is playable and extremely fun in the current experimental branch.I would recommend this game to any one that enjoys games like xcom or the Total War series of games. The game features town building, tech research, farming, mining, smithing, squad building and lots of exploration and fighting.  There also seems to be a growing mod community for the game."
76561198068092062,Recommended,233860,34114957,Posted: 8 August,all,SmearMark,This game makes me hard
76561197965987022,Recommended,233860,34116190,Posted: 8 August,all,Melfice,Love this game.
,Recommended,233860,23048870,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,ButteryChaos,"This game shows lots of promise I cant wait to see the finished product. It will take you sometime to get a understanding of the mechanics, but other then that great game keep the updates coming."
76561198039067936,Recommended,233860,22131362,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,KING KREB,This game is great if you like running.Running from enemiesRunning to enemiesRunning to friendliesRunning inbetween townsRunning from animalsAny kind of running9/10 Great running simulator
,Recommended,233860,23505292,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,1426 hours on CS:GO,"Hi, this game would be really great if we could have a purpose of playing it a bit more(I am demanding player), like having stronger agressive foes, not simply roaming-patrolling empires but grinding, expanding (at a reasonable rate tho).Building a town is an achievement for me, but it's so peaceful when you reach that point. I know it's 0.9X, and a lot of work still going. This could be to me one of best RP/RTS game if it has more devs because yeah, the project is real and lacks of workers I'd say.as a fantasy it could be funny to see undeads and necromancer wandering at night to make a use of all these starving bandits corpses lolthere already is a lot of work we can feel it, but keep going please !!!"
,Recommended,233860,30517944,Posted: 14 March,all,benit2,"It took me a long time to decide to buy Kenshi a year ago or so. I was really intriged by this game I've never heard of before and that poping up in my steam suggestions. After reading some reviews and watching some gameplay videos I decided to risk a 20$ on this wierd looking game. Had this game for a while now. And I can say I really really like the skill system. It's a lot of fun to start with your weak♥♥♥♥♥squad and struggle to build a settlement that will survive a starving bandits raid. I had my main character becoming a martial art expert by kicking my bandit prisoners' asses on a daily basis. Said prisoners in return improved their defence skills, making it more chalenging for my character. Profit. I gave them little names.Of course the game is still in developpement and new features are still appearing and bugs are getting fixed as time passes, so I don't really mind if it's not as polished as you would expect from regular game. The gameplay is lot of fun, once you understand what the hell is going on, and the universe/lore of the game is truly unique and fascinating. I did not regret buying it."
76561198006264937,Recommended,233860,30535191,Posted: 15 March,all,Nick99,This is becoming quite something and already hours of fun.
76561198068844287,Recommended,233860,22692887,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Narsteen,Incredibly positive. Keep it coming!
76561198089771630,Recommended,233860,34643676,Posted: 31 August,all,LetsGetRisky,Super fun and very in depth. It's a game I have searched for a very long time.
,Recommended,233860,304409,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,Dirty Doug,"Konichi-wa Kumicho san! This is a game for asians, I think it was probably designed to cater to weeabos like ! me! desu so good game! ~_^"
,Recommended,233860,16070549,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,1Sec,"While it can always be argued that it's updates rarely change much, and it still being in a buggy unfinished state after 4 years is a huge issue for it. I cannot say that I regret buying it. (In it's state it cannot really be called a game but then again Ground Zeroes got away with it so...)With the above having been said. Demo it first."
76561198082123142,Recommended,233860,16482842,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,xico,"Kenshi has become my go-to game for sandbox aventure. The development of the game is going at the pace to be expected for such a small team. It is an ambtious project and I am confident they can pull it off.I started as a loner in the game, forced to run for my life from town to town. Now my tribes have settled the deserts across the map. Communities of individuals capable of labor and battle. With the introduction of a slaver faction, I have taken to roaming the lands for would-be captors. Narratives will be developed from each gamer's playthrough. My point being that a story-weaving gamer will likely take great enjoyment from this game in its current state.The game is about to undergo a major overhaul, with new biomes, an expansion of fauna varieties, and improved faction AI. At the time of this posting, there still remain pathing issues with gates and a host of bugs which are being addressed. Please keep in mind the subsequent pro/con list below is subject to adjustments as development continues.+ Great building system and tech tree that continues to expand+ Unit organization permits efficient distribution of tasks over many isolated towns and forts+ High interactivity with those around you+ Gameplay that encourages treating your community as your greatest resource+ Open styled gameplay, I have some characters that run shops in cities while others hunt slavers. Militarism is not essential to succeed.- Still in development, lacking much landscape and biological diversity-""                              "", pathing system can be annoying, along with numerous bugs-""                               "", as much as there are many achievements to seek in a new game, content becomes limited after 15-20 hoursThis is not a game for people who are looking for a finished product soon. Nor is it suitable for folk who want fast results and progress. This is a game of protracted events and would only keep the attention of gamers with such sensibilities. When I want a high-paced action experience I don't pick this up.This is a game for individuals who want to see the progress of a well-made game through its evolution, unlike some other early access titles. It's suitable for gamers who like to dabble with genres of RPG, town builders, and RTS. If you are on the fence about its development I would wait, but holy scat if you're looking for a great game to enjoy in its growth this is the best early access title I've supported!!"
,Recommended,233860,26231156,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,wisdomToe,"For God's sake fix the angle of the camera, this is very bad!"
,Recommended,233860,8899261,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Tüweit,"Used to play this game all the time, the game need to be fleshed out some more and only gets better with time. Have high hopes for the end result of this title."
76561198064867146,Recommended,233860,8815386,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,GOD,"Awsome game, very addicting"
76561198082449899,Recommended,233860,8863816,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Drizzt Do'Urden,looks like its going to be freaking awsome when its done. Heck it looks freaking aswesome now. I would wager a price tag of 40 to 50 dollars for the finished product so buy it now if you feel like investing in your future fun.
,Recommended,233860,8892881,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Tollomon,"Update: April 6, 2016The Beta landed on 4-1-16 (EST) and already there have been no less than nine (9) hotfixes. The map is long and dark and full of mystery. All of the game mechanics are being refined. I know it seems to be a bit assholish to declare one's self correct, but, I was right about this one. Kenshi is an absolute joy, even when it is killing me. Its difficult nature lends to its developing world. Its unforgiving nature challenges the Player in ways that almost make her quit. Yet, she can't. Because the world of Kenshi is so beautiful and full of challenge. I highly recommend this game.Update: March 31, 2016Gotta say, I am super psyched for the beta release that is incoming. I have logged at least 150 hours since I wrote about my initial reaction to the thing that is Kenshi. I say 'thing' because this game is quite unlike anything I have ever played before. Yet, it is something I have always wanted as a gamer ever since I can remember.It scratches an itch that I've had for years. It combines sand box with squads and squads with player characters. It merges tower defense with  world domination. Troop dispositions and enemy  patrols so seamless, you might have died and gone to Heaven. But no. There is no Heaven in Kenshi. You could build a haven though, if you live long enough...There are strange beasts that roam the lands, looking only to pick off your weakest squad member. Leviathans prowl the dunes searching for... I don't know what... Best hope your haven isn't in their path.There are roving bands of dispicable men who would surely cut your throat as soon as rob you.There are strange tribes of what once were people who seek only to sate their hunger in this wasteland. I have grown used to dealing with the Cannibals, but, I wonder what brings them this far South? A lack of meat, maybe. Or perhaps they wish to test me and mine's swords...The Lo-Fi folks have lovingly and diligently crafted an amazing game. I have had a ton of fun playing it over the years. Yes, development has been ""slow"". But, damn if it didn't develop!!!I wish nothing but the best for Lo-Fi and thank them for the amazing times I've had playing in their world.After only an hour and a half, I can say without a doubt that this charming game is a gem and one I will enjoy watching develop even further.There is some nicely layered gameplay here with the RTS styled squad-based combat, base building and research opportunities. I have only skimmed the surface of this game but I can already tell I have many hours of fun ahead as I develop my army, base and economy.With the currently ongoing STEAM sale of Kenshi, I'd recommend jumping in now to support the developer in bringing this game to fruition as the little online research I have already done reveals that there is much more fun to be had in the comming months!"
76561198058521618,Recommended,233860,8893673,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Master Blazing,Great game with great potential. Got this when I was bored and played about 15 hours before any audio was even added. Fun group RPG with a challenge.
76561197981087403,Recommended,233860,8898074,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,SushiSamurai,"This game is going to be a masterpiece.It's pretty Addicting and time consuming now, so I can't wait till it's finished for all the full conent. keep up the good work Chris!!!!"
76561198067187772,Recommended,233860,8903279,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Geirulf,EVE meets Fallout in Jappan
76561197973211168,Recommended,233860,8916175,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Mad Pierrot,"AMAZING is all i have to say, for an alpha game its in amazing shape ive been having a blast reccomend this to anyone"
,Recommended,233860,8916941,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Otter King水獭王,Love the concept of this game. Bought it on a whim after selling some csgo stuff and have been enjoying it. I think the fact that its only single player makes it better in the fact that you wont have to heal with trolls that you would find in these types of games. Cant wait to see future updates to this.
76561198028932356,Not Recommended,233860,27757896,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Among Airwaves,this game has been early access for 6 years and it's basically in the same state it was when I bought itmassive regret. one of the reasons my new rule is to never buy early access games.
,Not Recommended,233860,33558805,Posted: 15 July,all,Starfyre [>Implying],"An ugly and buggy mess.The potential for it to be a stellar game is there, though: a huge open environment, immersive music, a hideously brutal learning curve and unforgiving difficulty, a 'true' sandbox feel unlike, say, Fallout 4, etc.Sadly there are so many little frustrating things like the horrendous pathfinding or the flat and boring NPCs that I can't bring myself to really enjoy this game. It seems I'll have to wait a few more months -or is it years?- until the game is finished to give it a try -again-."
,Recommended,233860,10842559,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Jaqk,this game would be like flipping pancakes on the floor. it falls too ♥♥♥♥in flat m9
,Recommended,233860,15621638,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,CommunistCupcake,Updates so rare I forgot this game existed
,Not Recommended,233860,35092330,Posted: 20 September,all,Hoxon,I really like the game concept but the game is really to early to play. It keeps crashing on me all the time and I have wasted a lot of time doing same things over and over. Reducing autosave timer helps but game is still unstable.I will be back and play a lot more once there is a stable version.
,Recommended,233860,29459153,Posted: 24 January,all,Rin,I have no idea how to play this game.
,Recommended,233860,7573717,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,PaulDeathBringer,One of the best RPG's i have played awesome game!!!!!!
76561197963017995,Recommended,233860,26010196,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Drakedge,"It's good, hard, fun. Come check it out live today 10/13/2016 and judge for yourselfwww.twitch.tv/drakedge2000"
76561198036818889,Recommended,233860,35193550,Posted: 24 September,all,Finn,I loved this game a few years ago when i first played and now im about to dive in again!
,Not Recommended,233860,14717782,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Zeitghast,"The slow development pace and the incredibly poor game quality make this game not nearly worth buying. Don't bother picking it up until it leaves early access, if it ever gets to that stage."
76561198041379902,Not Recommended,233860,16214224,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Nookie Monster,"I know its early access. I know its a small team. I know they want to put out a good game with minimal bugs. But logic, time, and money are all forcasting this game will flop. Let me explain what I mean:-It is roughly 10-15% complete-It has been approx 4ish years since it hit early access-Probably 90% of buyers/investors have already invested/bought the gameSo in 4 years with with probably 90% of the money they will get for development they have completed 10-15% (All my figures are approximate but even on the optimistic side the numbers, time and money dont add up)This is a dead game. Sad but I think it will prove true."
,Not Recommended,233860,16713575,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Omega(Particles),"All things considered I like the permise for this game, I like what I see might be possible, but after spending most of my first 20 hours of this game with multiple tabs on my browser open trying to find work arounds and trying everything i can find in every forum, I have to see, this game is no where near playable at present.  Not even playable enough to test out base-building which is what I really wanted to see.I'm not an impatient person by nature, but after getting loading error after loading error, getting save games corrupted time after time, and having it be impossible to even load into my base, I just can't spend more time on this in late June 2015.  I will come back later when the guys who just grabbed my $20 have enough time to make simple loading and saving possible in the game, fix the major memory leaks, and figure out how to make the game modestly stable.I would encourge anyone to hold off presently, it's currently a VERY unstable build."
76561198006943938,Recommended,233860,28907841,Posted: 1 January,all,Deathclaw,"FIrst off, I have had this game for a good many years now; It has progressed so greatly that I feel proud when I play it now. Proud for the developers and proud of how I have learned the ins and outs of this game.This game started out pretty basic, just lots of sand dunes and hungry bandits everywhere. Slowly, a game started to appear out of the haze. Building towns, getting invaded, shop counters (still kind of broken, oh well) and then cannibals. Gotta love cannibals! Now the map expands and there are new places to uncover. I recently uprooted from one area into Holy nation land (Although they hate me) once I had a devoted military group. I have a base in on an island sorrounded by rivers and the holy nation must cross the water to get to me... Which is no easy feat while getting hit by mounted crossbows =)This game will kick your♥♥♥♥♥hard though. I started out in a setting that gives you a veteran soldier who is hated by the biggest faction in the game currently. It gave me a springbox to move forward though. I worked up his stealth and was able to kidnap a holy nation soldier in camp and use his armor as a disguise to get into their cities.Oh there are also raptors and giant turtles to kill and eat11/10"
76561198008968667,Recommended,233860,2537951,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Frankencastle,"This game deserves the recommendation slot on my profile, its made by one guy, its moddable. its cheap. and even though its still in alpha i played 55 hours in the first 4 days i bought it. (first day it hit store page) and the only reason i stopped playing it was i didnt want my squads to be level 100 or something before the rest of the map and all the other options were there. soon as its in beta or near full release i will hit this with many an hour of happy gaming."
76561198035524777,Recommended,233860,10348772,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Relocklabs,"Do you like The SIms, or squad based RPGs in general (games where you can control multiple characters or individual ones each with their own skills, and statistics)Do you like Ninjas?Have you ever wanted to play a sims type game in a ninja / samurai filled apocalyptic world?this is the game for you, its a bit rough around the edges still, and sometimes the glitches can be quite frustrating But with the bad out of the way this game is a master class game that you should try.Favorite parts: The game plays without you and your characters are not ""heroes"" they are probably weaker than almost anyone you can encounter.. however they have the ability to grow depending on what you do.The game will not need you to start events, or to stop them. You are more of a drop of water in a big puddle. You can influence and affect what happens.. if a big band of bandits shows up at a city your base is near, they can take out the guards and shops, effectively neutralizing the town. Later a travelling group of lawmen might take it back.. either way, even if you could have changed the outcome, the game keeps playing.Your characters have stats in almost everything. if you want yout character to be stronger, give him or her a lot of heavy equipment and have them run around. Eventually their strength will increase. Speed is the opposite, have someone run around without anything in their bags and they will become more athletic and therefore faster. Laboring from mining, or smelting. Crafting from weapon or armor smithing. Medicine from healing. The characters become increasingly valuable as time goes on..The fact that you  can plop a town wherever you want, build walls, turrets, arm your soldiers with swords and armor and have your builders be guarded and automated with designated tasks is beautiful. Kenshi is absorbing, Rough, Frustrating, Comically suprising and has the potential to be an amazing game.Id say get it.. try it, support the devs and enjoy the process of their creation"
,Recommended,233860,3996031,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,Radd,"Early 2013 review: Get it, you wont regret it. Takes around 2-3 hours to really get a feel for the game. After that, it is all gravy. At the moment, there is no audio, but don't let that hold you back. Just thow on some good jams and start forging your name in this great title.Early 2017 review: It's been nearly 4 years to the date since I first review this. Kenshi has came a long way since the early days, mainly the audio. I do miss the desolation of the old map (all desert) compared to the new biome system, though I agree it's ""needed.""Kenshi has easily stolen a spot on my list of top 5 games since I've been gaming on the Sega Gen. It has a long way to go, but what's currently here is more than enough for me to be satisfied."
,Recommended,233860,8195944,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,BossLuck  (Korwa♥),"Great game , looking forward for more features"
,Recommended,233860,8919199,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,morph113,"This game has a big potential and is already lots of fun. The main music theme is beautiful.One point I like in particular about games is character customization and this game has alread plenty of it already. Besides facial features, you can even adjust the height, boob size and shape and many other things for every group member, let alone all the clothing and equipment you can buy. Fighting is fun and somewhat realistic. You are not a super hero fighting off a group of enemies on your own. Building a base already works really well and is interesting. Although this game is far from being finished, it will be amazing once it is done."
76561197999034250,Recommended,233860,25562133,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Snaxx,"I like this game. Its open world, play as you want, not easy at all and keeps you busy and eyes open at every waking moment. It has some bugs but thats to be expected with EA and Devs are active in working them out. So if you like the idea of making your way in the wild and starting from nothing, building as you go from the bottom to the top, then this game is for you. Its a challenge, and thats what I like about it."
,Recommended,233860,9830915,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,AssassinLV,"This, at the moment an early access indie game, is an RPG game with elements of RTS. You can play this game as one character, or play it as a group (at the moment maximally 20 peoples).None of your characters will be ""unbeatable"". Even your main character is just a man - and in the beginnings practically everyone will be better.Usually I start the game in hardest mode. Totally naked, with bad arm and a STICK. Yes - I can survive somehow...The best way how to show that any character can die is to give a preview of my game:I got around six peoples group and went from city to city. I walked too close to Cannibal outpost, and all my group except one girl had been prisoned. I walk then with that girl, and found a band of samurai's. And I made her to walk with them... Then I ordered all the rest of the band, to try pick-lock their cage to get out. one by one I managed to get out... One of the cannibals started to attack to my first character - to the AssassinLV, they beated him up... And were eating my character... After time He managed to get out... But My band was beated up - again but still alive... Later I was close to the city - when bandits attacked on my band... After many attacks AssassinLV were dying... Then that girl - who was not kidnapped, I ordered her to save my character, cause he had the bag full of trade... She managed to prevent AssassinLV from dying, but also she was noticed by other group of bandits... Then she was dying... And no one could been able to save her... She died - cause she was saving the other......"
76561198008497882,Not Recommended,233860,33554826,Posted: 15 July,all,Gibberish,Dont bother if you expect it to be finished any time soon. Been waiting since 2013.
,Not Recommended,233860,26104685,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Ghost,"Started with a few people, made a bunch of wheat farms, and established a bread factory. After fending off tons of overly hostile beaked giraffes and endless patrols of king kong, finally got some walls and made a pretty respectable town. Every once and a while, characters would get stuck and glitch on many items (terrain, buildings, enemies)... all solved by picking up the char with another char and putting them back down (some kind of reset)All glitches aside, things were going great. Never mind the random spawning of ♥♥♥♥♥ons of cannibals and hostile wildlife that made my characters constantly stop and battle (inside town walls). I ended up making 500k running my bread factory and selling excess armor/weapons from the smithy. SO I decided I would set out with my fairly rugged, well laboured, farmers and see what hell I could raise.I walked not even 200ft to see a char get stuck.WELL I try my normal technique of using another char to pick up char... etc.Hrm WHAT IS THIS!?Somehow, I managed to get no one unstuck and my entire squad stuck instead. Then my autosave kicks in...As I'm trying to problem solve...My previous hard save was from over 4 hours ago. I feel like I just lost time in my life I will never get back.Overall, very fun addicting concept, but with multiple years in, you'd think they would have character pathing and tracking down."
76561198117391036,Not Recommended,233860,26140263,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,DustBust,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEWThis game has been in my library now for awhile and I'm cleaning up my reviews, here's how I feel after owning this game for over a year:The concept, the depth and the artwork are golden but why negative? They overhauled this game to what it seems to come back to the same conclusion, it's unplayable. The bugs, performance issues will slowly if not instantly ruin your game (mind you that this game is a grind, bugs and show stoppers will wash away hours of work). They have been adding to this game which is great but they still have yet to deliver something that's playable.Most of the previous positive reviews were more than likely from the previous build which was more playable to an extent***The game itself will be a masterpiece if its ever finished but thats where I give it a negative review, it felt almost complete before the overhaul now it feels like its taken a few steps back but with even more depth and with the scale I'm wondering if it will every be completed.I'd grab it on sale or hold off, its one of those games that wow you, you play, the bugs and un-optmized feel have you back shelf the game to only revisit.Devs are active but are quick to ban... recommend not bringing up bugs or scorn against this game or commenting on the active state of the game.Below is a response from a Dev/Moderator that I wasn't too fond of, if you have a questions and it can be generically answered by a moderator like below, you may see this again.Originally posted by Captain Deathbeard:This is what game development is like:-You've got a list of 100 features and 100 bugs.-Every time you add a feature, it adds another 50 bugs.-Every time you fix 10 bugs, you discover 3 more bugs.-Occasionally to fix one of the bugs you might need to totally restructure something. This will probably add 10 more bugs.-When you fix bugs people say ""These updates don't do anything, where are the features?""-When you add features people say ""Why aren't you fixing the bugs?"""
,Recommended,233860,8958559,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Nadlug,"Decided to come back and update my review for this one.The basic concept of a squad combat is solid and meshes well with the RPG style caracter progression.Combat itself is both simple and complex at the same time, and there is no real right or wrong way to equip your caracters. Though some builds do require alot of certain stats to really shine.That being said some balancing may be nessisary (and is probably allready planned) in the future.Going alongside the caracter managment is as of so far fairly basic faction system. What is there mostly works and there is alot of room for improvement. What is there though is enough to know for certain that if you steal and murder everything in one town you wont be totally screwed out of profiting off your illicit deeds.Speaking of illicit deeds there is also a system for stealth, and thivery. Again its not fully implemented but what is planned is enough to make both Garret and Etzio foam at the mouth. From simple B&E burglary to disguises, and even assasinations planned further in the pipe. Speaking as a player with over 500 hours in the game, the ability to one hit kill anyone and anything in the game with assasination is a very powerfull gamechanger.The game also features an economy with growing diversity. Better yet, unlike most other games that feature combat and trading a full blown trader focus is a viable option to transition from rags to ritches. Especially if you take the time to venture out and build your own Outpost/Town/Fort and produce your own trade goods/weapons.Not everything is sunshine and rainbows obviously. It is currently an alpha (soon to be beta) and there are optimization issues with DX11. DX9 runs alot smoother and dosent look all that different in my opinion though. The game does crash from time to time (especially again if your running with DX11) Alot of newer players seem to have problems with the difficulty mof the game but personally I cant fathom why.All in all though its a very fun game as it is now with a lot of new features and content planned in the future, so as long as you can tolerate the flaws that are pretty common with anything youl find in Early access developement."
,Recommended,233860,30932050,Posted: 3 April,all,Boujee Kami,Everytime i play i become a slave in 10 minutes. 10minutes/10
,Not Recommended,233860,15411949,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Goninon,"Game has some of the best potential i've seen in a game in a very long time but that's all it is at this stage.. Potential.For a game that has been in progress for such a long time it should be much more stable than it is.4 hours of fun quickly turned into an hour of nightmare as it repetitively crashed, even with a new character and save file."
,Not Recommended,233860,11118629,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Slutty Teen Video!,"Kenshi is a cool combination of city-building, open-world exploration, RPG elements, and RTS combat.Very clunky and buggy right now, but this game has a ton of potential.  I only don't recommend it because it needs a lot of polishing.Fanboy downvote brigade"
,Not Recommended,233860,16246563,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,jelqing master,"Can I steam refund a game that has no development over the 2 years i've owned it? Does having 5 hours of playtime negate that? Eventhough there is barely 5 hours of content in the game, the only reason I clocked it up is because the game runs so badly and doesn't really explain anything.. Kenshi 2020 here we come!"
76561198039524564,Not Recommended,233860,15411126,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,EllerSure,"it's been a verrrrrrry loooooong timebut still, it no goodgreat idea, great concept, poor developmentit could've been another Mount & Blade"
76561197981311723,Not Recommended,233860,15467219,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Venex,"Has so many game breaking bugs, possibly a good buy in the future. But as of now dont touch it with a 10ft barge pole."
76561198080510066,Recommended,233860,15792713,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Like a Samboodee,"Hi allI have to say i took a risk when i got this game since i burned myself in the past with early Access Games such as ""RUST"".This one however is being worked on regularly and new content & bug fixes are introduced every couple of weeks. There are still a lot of issues and you agree to play the game as it is when you make the purchase. Overall i am happy with my experience and if you are a fan of open world sandbox RPG's than i would recommend the game for you guys.P.SJust keep in mind there are still a lot of bugs but it is possible to play it.Enjoy"
,Not Recommended,233860,18258087,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,wCu | Dunkas,"The game is broken in its current state. Characters completely stop responding to any commands what so ever.  I am fine with minor bugs, restarting evey hour or so, micro managing arround bugs, restarting, etc but this is broken. It looks like there is some really cool content late game, but good luck getting there."
76561198119766553,Recommended,233860,13149298,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,King Bling Blang,killed a guy with a automatic cross bow turret 10/10
,Not Recommended,233860,20289450,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Denis Snider,"I'v played this game since BETA and i can guarantee you, it's buggy to the point of making you wanna quit. Building's have the same bugs for 3 years now, it's just ridiclous, don't waste your money on it."
,Not Recommended,233860,22616426,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Gemini,"Kenshi is a great idea and its mechanics are sound, HOWEVER it is extremely glitchy and immensely frustrating as of now, with random crashes at random moments, an amazing amount of bugs and multiple game breaking glitches that can happen. This game has a great idea and should definetely be on your watch list, but I would highly recommend watching this game from afar an NOT buying it until it has become a much more sound game."
76561198135630951,Recommended,233860,26509208,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,themasterdebater7,10/10 most realistic post-Trump election simulator on the market
76561198035965576,Recommended,233860,12629058,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Danger Desperado,Anime - The video game10/10
,Not Recommended,233860,15092840,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Dezzy,"Honestly, I would not buy this game for full price as it stands. It's highly unfinished, and many things are broken. If you want to have fun while the game gets updated, by all means buy this. But if you're looking for a game that's probably going to get finished soon, you should look away. This game will probably not get done for 2 years, and it's a huge ripoff to get it at this state. Maybe I'll be able to change the review in the future, but otherwise, not a good buy at all at full price."
,Recommended,233860,23863584,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Cycoslaya,Great game
76561198047002250,Recommended,233860,12465258,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Guthrie,"Kenshi is a brilliant game with a ton of potential.However it can be a bit like marmite for some people, you will either love it or hate it"
,Recommended,233860,16952068,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Yunyun,10/10 would build a base and afk again
76561198091979973,Recommended,233860,16722475,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Delago,"Hello people, this will be a straight up review no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t or anything like that, so here goes.I personally like the game, it has everything that I personally want.It's time conusming, if you want a challenge here it is, it will take you time to play and become good so you have to be willing to put it in. Great features and there are more features put into the game nearly every update. The difficulty, believe it or not, is fair but they implimented new features to make it harder or easier if you want more/less of a challenge. Your crew members will eventually die one way or another so you really do need to strategise and make sure you, yourself are 110 % convinced they will live, but that's not always the case. It used to be no sound, 1 squad max of 9 or 10, and only a certain amount you could achieve. Now, however, it is bustling with more squads, more research, tech, buildings, even mounted crossbows on walls to great giant walls. Now like I said it will take you time to achieve the perfect citadel or city but it really is worth the effort. Back bout 2 years ago I wouldn't recommend this game because it just didn't have enough in it to call it, in my opinion, alpha version.But now I really think that this version, the alpha at the moment is worth gettiing. There is a very long play time and at the moment near endless possibilities in the game, whether just making a base, or setting impossible goals, you can achieve it.However there are downfalls, (1st) the dev team is still relatively small making big updates slower to come out (however they are covering everything when an update does coe out), (2nd) there are very much so, alot of glitches and the AI path system is alittle stupid and annoying sometimes and the game itself can sometimes crash unexpectedly (3rd) some of the features aren't out yet which really really bugs me because they sound really cool, so there has to be a wait.Other than that, it really is a brilliant version at the moment and I can't wait for the final release!Happy Gaming and I hope this review was helpful and pointed you to a good purchase!"
,Recommended,233860,13370561,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,lilmik552,"Overall I was suprised I enjoyed this game. Even though it is early access and a lot to be done, even though I still got addicted. I love games that allow you choose your own path and essentially start from the bottom and rise to the top. This game will become amazing once they add more features and implement a few things here and there. So if you are willing to look past bugs and limited features at the moment then this game is a lot of fun and will get you pumped to see how they make the game grow.If you like challenging/unforgiving games (similar to Blade & Mount) then this is the game for you. Here I was lone wanderer who got attacked by a very large pack of dogs. Luckily next to a city so once I was unconcious in like 2.5 secs the guards dispatched them like chump change. I layed there (after the guards healed me) for 2 days in a recovery coma. While I figured I could reload the game I was like ""eh what the heck"" and waited it out. This game will be challenging in the beginning. You definitely don't start out like a power house.Graphic wise its okay. Nothing great nor terrible.Character leveling, skills, building, and the like are fun but limited at this point in time. I can only imagine as the game gets better and adds more how it will be. You can even customize your companions once they are recruited.Fighting is a lot like MMO's minus all the special abilities. Its point and they fight kind of thing.As of now there are no quests but I am sure through time some will be added. As of now its just roam, get money, build, and get companions."
76561197990523855,Recommended,233860,13727525,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Deck,"For every frustrating buggy moment I have (understandably as it's alpha) I have 100 great ones. Hyperbole maybe but my purpose is to illustrate the difference between the amazing immersion of those great unscripted moments this game supplies you with so often VS. the insignificance of the frustrating ones that occur quite rarely.It is currently an imperfect game that is full of perfect moments. The music is right, the vibe is absolutely right, the stripped down no guidance on how to accomplish anything, while perhaps not intended for future builds, feels totally right.  You are dropped in a desolate landscape with bands of wandering thugs and brigands and tasked with figuring out how to survive. Crazy loner in a hut? Start a town with tons of followers? Just wander the waste and scavenge corpses then sell junk to NPCs? Build an armor and weapon crafting factory? Produce and sell weed and rum? All possible and you'll probably do a bit or tons of each.The skill system is great as far as im concerned. The more you do something the better you get at said skill. Makes sense. Want to be tougher? Get beat to hell often (and recover hopefully). Want to be quicker? Run around with low encumberance. Stronger? Swing a heavy sword and wear heavy armor. Same system goes for crafting obviously.There is zero pre generated story to be had here. If you need Bioware levels of explanation for why you're playing your game then stay away. It's 110% no direction sandbox. If you have a creative mind and sense of adventure and find creating your own backstory and narrative enjoyable then buy it. It's that simple.Death will happen but it always feels like my fault when it does. Overconfidince or negligence is usually to blame. That being said, SAVE OFTEN. No ""respawns"" here. You reload the last save.Perfect blend of Samurai disciplines and the chaos of Mad Max (sans vehicles). Slow development and occasionally glitchy but I could not care less. I really hope the tiny dev team (couple people I think?) sticks with it. One of my favorite games in recent years."
76561198009961080,Recommended,233860,13336155,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,FruitSmoothy,"This game is the defintion of a perfect idea in route to a perfect game.  I have always wanted an in depth strategy game where you can forge a connection to the people in your squad and watch them grow into the certain player you need them to be.  Kenshi is a game that words cannot describe, even in its early stages it is so immense that I cannot begin to fathom trying to cram all of it into one review.  In short, kenshi is definitly a work in progress, but its also one of the most captivating, aggrivationg, emotionally taxing, in depth, fun, and addicting games I have ever had the pleasure of playing."
76561198060760857,Recommended,233860,13326802,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,A mossy rock,"The best way to describe the Kenshi game world would be to think tattoine crossed with asian culture. Kenshi is a totally unique genre of game, it's a mix of RTS, RPG and Simulation but has the ability to make you feel invested in your own characters due to the random nature of the world. It's still got a while to go before the finish line but with additional content, alot of bug fixes + optimisations and more of the same passion and attention to detail that the Dev has shown so far, i have no doubt that Kenshi could wind up being one of the greatest games ever made. It's a labour of love and it truly shows. In it's current state Kenshi already has enough content to make the purchase worth the money so i whole heartedly recommend picking this game up if you want to support a Dev who's creative direction is a breath of fresh air.Some suggestions for the Dev in the event he reads this :- Add the ability for the camera to aim upwards not just eye level (It would be nice to be able to see up hills and see more of the stars).- Add Bo Staffs to the Blunt weapon list when you add it in.- The Martial arts skills in the future should be about disarming and disabling your opponents.- Animals that act as pack mules for the travelling merchant playstyle would be great.- Shields would be a nice addition. Much lower damage output but much higher survivability against groups swarming you.-  Bows not just crossbows. Ranged weapons should do low damage but be more likely to cripple limbs and cause bloodloss.- Even more weapons, armor for crafting/purchasing ect.Anyway keep up all the great work and best of luck for the future of Kenshi!"
,Recommended,233860,15803847,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,mr_bt2,"Kenshi is the best squad based game I have played since I started playing games. I've played it for quite some time and could recommend this game to anyone.In it's current state Kenshi has some bugs but they will be worked out by the developers, it is most definitely worth buying and proves to be a great game to play for hours on end.In it's current state you are able to create a base, run a trade empire or even bring law to the lands by slaughtering bandits and turning their bosses in for bounties.Kenshi is a great game and deserves more patience from its crowd, there is no other like it and so you cannot judge it as you judge the others."
,Recommended,233860,24057393,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Silencer,"I got out of town. Got mauled by wild dogs. I stayed here for hours in a pool of my own blood. Got fixed up by a patrol of holier-than-thou guards. Not bleeding anymore but still unconscious. Hours later I woke up with a broken leg and a wiggly arm. It's moving like it's sentient. Got back to the town one step at a time.Hired a mercenary. Took another way. Got mauled by another pack of wild dogs. Got picked up by slavers.11/10, would be a slave with a wiggly arm again."
76561198065055746,Recommended,233860,14597461,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Zagor,If you are a fan of Mount and Blade (will be probably bigger than M&B :D ) or akin games you will be very sadisfied with Kenshi. It has a gread atmospehre and the future planes for this game are good and realistic.
76561198043774002,Recommended,233860,14355897,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Num47,I only post a review if a game is worth playing.
,Recommended,233860,18408998,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,zeebzo,"A bit like Mount&Blade but you move across the map in real time, you can build bases and you don't have direct control over the combat but it is still quite in-depth."
,Recommended,233860,17161443,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Quirtiblob,"Kenshi is an open world squad based RPG -- it feels like those ""choose your story"" books.  I play many different genres in games, but I've really struggled to find some sort of city builder that gives you freeroam over your city, free choice on how to build, lots of customization, and a city defense aspect.  I've also struggled to find a good squad based game.  The good squad based games I do find, like Company of Heroes 2, are not open world.  I feel like this is the game I've been searching for, as cheesy as it sounds.This game has been in development for 4 years now, ouch! - but just because it is considered an early access game doesn't mean it isn't polished.  What you'll find while playing this is fantastic gameplay (better than a lot of AAA games), fantastic soundtracks, fantastic building, fantastic customization, fantastic environment, great AI, confusing UI, and a medium amount of bugs.  It's really cool that the devs also created a modding kit for the game.This game is a gem that not many people know about.  To give you and idea on what it is, watch these:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3E-hpL29Egw-- Starting outhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vx4SrUMWGTU-- Mid Gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIrIgdK0ddk-- The Power of Moddinghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1eIujt8lBw-- Combat and AtmosphereI do want to address some negative reviews to enlighten people on the negative parts of the game, and some flat out lies.  The fact that this game has been in development for 4 years is not a good thing.  Although the studio has less than 10 people working on the game.  I remember about 3 or so years ago they wanted people to email them atmospheric music for the game with royalties.  It does feel like a good game in the end, but it isn't quite there yet to be considered the game they promised.This game has trivial updates.  This is true in some aspects, but not completely.  The amount of updates put out is a large number and each update adds something that they have promised.  Compared to some other small studios, the amount of updates isn't impressive.This game is not immersive.  Pffffft.  I bet you would say that The Walking Dead (game) isn't immersive too.  Some reviews are blatant lies.Crashes and bugs out 70% of the time.  In the 20 hours I have played, I havent crashed at all or witnessed any game breaking bugs.  If you do decide to use some experimental tools, like the freebuilding (different than the standard building) mode, you're going to get bugs.  I tried out the freebuilding mode, which lets you place buildings without any cost, and my squad decided to turn on each other.There is no reason not to play on a faster timescale, it's like watching simulator 2015.  What would you expect in a city builder?  Have you played Banished, Cities Skylines, or Dawn of Discovery?  Actually, have you ever played a city builder?  The game is about progression, not having everything handed to you in the first hour.  Whoever said this also doesn't understand there are other aspects to the game than just building.I hope this helped anyone wanting to buy the game.Thanks for reading!"
76561198194316846,Not Recommended,233860,35094267,Posted: 20 September,all,Vatican Ball Ze Fifth,Would be 1000x better if it didnt crash every 30 minutes but other than that it is a pretty good game.
,Not Recommended,233860,35094633,Posted: 20 September,all,T.w² | The general nobody knew,"This game has no story, as you are to make your own. You get to pick from several different stories  based on how you want to play, whether is be trade based, fighting based, strategy based, or good ol' RPG.PROS~Its enjoyable having a crew that follows you and protecting you~open world, do whatever whenever, and explore~Building settlements is a key feature later in the game~I dont think the creators especially meant it, but the funniest thing about the game is the posture scroll for character creations. You can create walking abominationsCONS~If you do anything in the beginning, you're screwed, so you have to grind mines for ore to sell to bartenders for ""Cats"". This can take you HOURS to build a good amount of money to buy food, weapons, armor, and companions.Thievery feels almost impossible in big towns other than ""the hub"", even with 40% steal rate, I feel like its more of a 15% steal rate than 40%. That, or im the most unlucky person in the world~I feel like the faction relation towards you is completely broken and should be tweaked on. For example: If you own ONE character that is not a human, you immediatly get a -100 from the holy nation, which they dominate almost the ENTIRE eastern part of the map (which I spawned in)~Everything feels SO MUCH STRONGER than you. I even tried easy mode and EVEN THEN, I barely survived 7 rag wearing bandits with sticks with 6 armored people with swords. There should be weaker enemies, or at least tweak the health for enemies~Traveling and the locations generally feel boring for me. I discover a place, and then theres nothing to do there, or its swarmed with OP enemies. Maybe if there was random unmarked buildings with some basic stuff and maybe even small bandit gangs, this wouldnt be a problem, but its just dry desert or alien forest with some metal stuff and house frames placed.~FOR SOME, THIS MAY BE A PRO, BUT FOR ME, ITS A CON! If you are knocked out, the person that knocked you out steals your stuff, some steals specific things, like food, but if its anything else, they'll steal your valueable stuff, like your clothes and weapons. Not to mention, some specific bandits and factions pick you up and take your crew as slaves, which, to me, totally ruins the game when everyone has a bounty on you because you were a slaveOVERALL RATING:5/10I would pick it up if you wanted a challenge and you wanted something similar to Mount and Blade: Warband. But if you like easier startings and fairness, then I would just stick to Mount and Blade: Warband"
76561198264875352,Recommended,233860,28418805,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,k_eichenberger,"> 600 hrs, 'nuff said."
76561198030980450,Recommended,233860,22152609,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Tallestdavid,requires your whole life to be full entertained.
,Recommended,233860,31020979,Posted: 8 April,all,Grimmigkeit,xd
,Recommended,233860,23876163,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Stalker1o2,Simply a Great Game
76561198086008434,Recommended,233860,20778760,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Porphyrogen,"Nice concept, recommended."
76561197971124277,Recommended,233860,11883308,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Error,How the ♥♥♥♥ have I played 65 hours of this♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,233860,10154976,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Jim,"This game just keeps getting better and better.  The only thing I'm not a fan of really is the fact that I'm an impatient person.  I also would like to see more weapon options such a two-handers like axes, spears, and maces and maybe shields.  Hopefully there's mods or something for this for us people who aren't fans of the Asian theme.  Definitely overall buy this game.  This is going to be one of those games you'll never stop playing."
,Recommended,233860,12987981,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Toxic,Craaaaaaaaazy♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10.Havn't played enough for a true review. But this is really quite fun and a 'new' experience. Well done to the devs.
76561198044667448,Recommended,233860,11512996,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Kangbanger,is god
76561198063381615,Recommended,233860,16451139,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,GhostlyGoo,"This is a hard one. The game is amazing, it's alot of fun and has heaps of content already. The biggest problem this game has however is it's bugs. The bugs are literally everywhere, one example: i enter the game i get into character creation and i crash because my graphics settings were too high, which brings me to another problem, this game has no optimization for any graphics card, my gtx 780 ti runs overlcoked at 1150mhz in this game for some reason it only reaches 650mhz, as if the game is trying to limit my gpus potential, neverthless i still get decent framerates, which leades me to another problem, the random lag spikes which drop frame rates to 5, which leads me to tell you that you will be playing for an hour, then bug solving for the next. At least this is my current situation. I just spent 3 hours trying to get my characters to another town, because all the merchants in the town i was in bugged out and the trade screen would not show up. That's 3 hours of constant re-loads etc due to bandit attaacks killing everyone in my squad, due to lag spikes, and no matter how many reloads the merchants did not sell me anything. I now have to restart the entire game.Do not buy this bugfest until i can go from City A to City B without restarting my game at least 3 or 4 times.But those few hours of gaming that you manage to sneak in as the bugs gather reinforcements are truly magnificent, and because i want more money going to these devs, meaning more bug fixes i am reccommending this game. There are people complaining that the devs are focusing too much on bug fixes, they need to spend the next year fixing bugs in my opinion, the content here is good enough as it is, i merely want to enjoy the content not look at new bug-filled content if you know what i mean.Take this review as u will, a 10/10 game, but has more bugs than the amazon."
,Recommended,233860,18562030,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,supreme pizza,Good game but still have that random crashes
,Recommended,233860,16612606,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,mike.brewer,"This is my first review for a game so I'll try to keep it brief, lolI've put many hours into this game, and do enjoy it, though currently there is no story line, none of your actions in any way influence the world around you except when maybe the reputation system is working, which is definitely hit and miss. The pathing system still has bugs, and often times you will find people with assigned jobs stuck against something, or trying to interact with an object inside a building from the outside. I have had the game for well over a year and while updates do come out more often now (usually once every month or every two months), they still have yet to resolve really important game play issues.I do however encourage you to purchase the game, as a fun way to pass the time inbetween games with actual story content and substance (this game currently lacks any), as the base building is fun and watching your people mow down starving bandits with turrets, who just want to attack and not steal your food, which totally refutes their name of ""starving bandits"".To sum it all up, they have some really lofty goals for the game, and if they come through with them, it will be an amazing purchase. If not you will at least have a base building game where you randomly get zerged by bandit/creature patrol, so if you are into being punished with no reward, it is definitely for you."
,Recommended,233860,16567281,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Squishy,"While the game, as far as I know, is not finished yet, it shows promises.It is long and slow for your character to get better (and I avoid saying good in purpose).At the moment, the game does not look great, but I'm assuming all the eye candy things will make their way in eventually.The game is unforgiving if you make mistakes (like trying to take on opponents too strong or too many of them). You might end up dying, very very very slowly, with no options to get better :)."
,Recommended,233860,18570969,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,havokap,love this game
76561198007434363,Recommended,233860,17533576,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Snowpig,"If you like the vastness of a large map, a world which is harsh and where your character has to struggle to survive, absolute randomness in the encounters and the freedom to do almost everything and to settle almost everywhere, then this is the game for you.But beware: Development cycles can be long, but this game has an editor, where one can make a lot of changes to the vanilla game.My absolute favorite: the cannibals in this game DO eat other people (and your characters too!)"
76561197976423313,Recommended,233860,18403652,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Garret,Really Good game and challenging game has Great potential to go far providing the development team keeps working on on there is a demo you could download off there websitehttp://lofigames.com/
76561198021999818,Not Recommended,233860,22366395,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,ossied,"At the moment its not even a  game, a gaem requires constant stability in any operating systemn so the purchasers of said game can get enjoyment out of , this game if we are not being lied to will be a very good game but at themoment 3 minutes of gameplay before crashing just does not allow any one to give it a thumbs up,early access or not you do not make major cjanges to game with out first stabalising"
,Not Recommended,233860,12719965,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Ben Garrison,"This Game has a fascinating concept, its playable actually and you can probably extract a lot of ""Fun"" out of this, The only issue I have with this game has to do with 2 things, one would be the constant delays and excuses to release an upcoming patch, now I get it, coming out with updates can be pretty hard, lots of coding involved and the fact that the game is in Ogre3D makes it even worse, the other issue is the time that this game has been in development, now i'm extremely patient with this kind of thing but I would expect more content, instead over the years, the only thing I got was constant bug fixes, Sound for this game, and a prettier UI, as for the contents over the years the only thing I can pinpoint would be the harpoon which you can't even bring it around with you, you have to build the thing on a certain spot/area, a few wearable items and a new weapon type which to my knowledge you can easily copy and paste existing assets from things that already exist in this game and sort of change the values up a bit, Honestly a modder can do this in his free time, An overhaul for the character as well as a new race which I almost forgot it even existed because everything as it is right now seems to be a bit out of context and forgetable, and of course prison stuff and a few more dialogues, I mean what else did I forget? does it really matter at this point? thats not much for a game thats been in developement for years.Now of course, the review (I wouldn't call it a review) has to do with me recommending the game for you, that does not mean I hate the game, in fact, I actually enjoy it, but the developers need to step it up, be a little faster with progression, add more content to the game instead of just bugfixes, Give your modelers a job to do, get them to rig more heavy armor which is also something that lacks in the game, just keep adding misc stuff so people won't feel frusterated over the constant waiting, Anyways I truly hope I can change this review in the future, but as it stands right now, I don't think I can trust the idea of this game ever finishing, I could be wrong though and hopefully I am, And for the developers that reads this, Please make your mod community more accessible, some folks i've seen on the forums aren't even capable of rigging a custom armor properly without messing up the bones, that needs more clarification."
,Recommended,233860,23288382,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Bitcherina,"This is, and will probably forever be, one of my favorite games.And I would have killed many small children for the soundtrack, so thank you for that."
,Recommended,233860,33589175,Posted: 16 July,all,L𝗬𝗦𝗘𝗥𝗚I𝗖𝗔L,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing incredible, it's like Fallout mixed with Factorio mixed with KOTOR mixed with a million other things, it transitions from RPG to RTS to City Builder seamlessly, it's a multi-genre indie game that does most things better than triple-A games that only focus on one genre.It's a very slow-paced game I have 5 hours so far and I've only just started setting up my first base/production line, if you stay with one character it gets grindey so the trick is to get as many recruits as possible and then you'll always be doing something whilst your other guys grind for you.By the way, like cigarettes, the first 2 hours are awful you've got to push past the bad first impression that you will get because it gets SO good.If you only want base-building survival gameplay I'd go for Rimworld instead but if you want open-world/RPG or character progression elements then this game is 10/10."
,Recommended,233860,13535062,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Master of Physics,"Kenshi brings in a lot of innovative mechanics that make it interesting and fun to play, most notably the way combat and health works. That combined with the cool setting and also-innovative body customization sold me on the game. I've played many more offline hours than are on record; it's a slow-building game but it sucks you in until you realize that your six-person squad probably doesn't need seven buildings for their outpost, especially since four of them are almost always outside..."
76561198023686292,Recommended,233860,13401262,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Dalo,"Fantasic game, Insane amount of things to do, The town building, research all brilliant and the game isn't even finished yet!"
,Recommended,233860,13603722,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,[TVM]Miss Chloe,"The controls are a bit busting in the knee, but this game reminds me a lot of Runscapes GAMEPLAY (Not story line), So i'm getting used to the controls rather quickly. However, It runs very slow on mine. No worries though. :) Still needs some tweaks though to make it better. :) I wish you could have the option to move your character (Ex. WSAD) AND or Click your character to move. So it's even, and fair.Maybe a storyline at the beginning of the game? To spark things up a bit?Good, good game. I applaud you for this works.(HAVE ONLY PLAYED FOR ABOUT 10 MIN. XD TELL ME IF THIS IS ALREADY IN THE GAME PLEASE. )If you really wanted to spark people's attention, You should add MASSIVE Immersion RPG into the game. Such as, Stealing from an NPC, NPC Talk to Talk words. Meaning, You could choose over more than one or two answers for every single conversation, almost like in a Visual Novel.NEW UPDATE***Alright, I am at a complete loss. However, I have gotten used to the controls 100%. I am confused because if i leave the town and run towards the nearest town, I get attacked, and murdered in seconds. I am a trader. I sold all my stuff, to get good clothing.. Can someone tell me where the weaponry is in there? I might just have to spend it on finding 5 guys with a Katana. I can hardly make it through. By God the deaths. 60000 hrs later your guySSSS come back alive. Well, I suppose I could go towards another town... But, eh. Maybe if it's my last resort. Am I doing something wrong? Are there any jobs at the beginning of the game that you can do? I went to the police station for a bounty quest thing, and the only thing he said was for me to go kill a leader or a bandit for something. I can't even fight 1. My character won't fight until after it (Yes, i know how to turn it off) , but once he gets hit, it's like he can't hit others. Umm... Not judging, but when can I do research so i can earn better stuff? What do i need to do (As a merchant) before I go and fight the bandits on the nearest town? Lastly, are there any questions in the newb town that I will MOST LIKELY be able to do? Yes, I realized the game is a little bit different for everyone, but please help!~Thanks.P.s Review and Conversation? xDP.s.s Very good game so far for a Beta!"
,Recommended,233860,22615835,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Dr.stein,if you can stand the slight bugs that hes constantly fixing (it is still bete and just entered bete) this game is absolutly amazing ive played since it released on steam and can honestly say its one of the best games i own! i am always excited to see the new content thats released every now and then!!!
,Recommended,233860,25412939,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Detective James Carter,Very fun
76561198012498340,Recommended,233860,15584448,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Akuma,Love it! can't wait to see more!
76561198018748491,Recommended,233860,23405665,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,alyssamae,Amazing game.  Fairly quick updates with plenty of communication from the developers.  Keeps me coming back.  Addiction being the only con.  This game will grab you and tear you up. (In the best possible way!)  10/10
76561198158610592,Recommended,233860,22904466,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,zerokillroy,Buy it and play it what more do I need to say?
,Recommended,233860,18911034,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,The Parrot God,soooo yea. 77 h in the game. is it good? yes. will i play it? yes:D am i tired of the same game everything without change? ohhhhhhh yea.... devs i love the game but plz put some stuff in it. or give us a mod option<3
76561198072554602,Recommended,233860,17023975,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Bryant,So much fun to play. You have to try it.
76561198044589712,Recommended,233860,14347182,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,2003 Mitsubish Galant,"The idea of the game is great,lots of activity,greatlandscape,funny as ♥♥♥♥ bandits, 1 complaint, I f you uild a house no matter what some ♥♥♥♥ boy bandit group will spot you and take it over, no way around it it seems, 8.5 out of 10 would get my♥♥♥♥♥♥ripped in half by 30 bandits again"
76561198026714146,Recommended,233860,9589949,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Austsniper77,"Get this game, you will not regret it.This is an open world still under construction, it is nothing like I have ever played before and very self satisfying.Read the reviews.Buy the game.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,233860,25869735,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Dragmire,Development is VERY slow. Only buy this game if you are interested in supporting the developers vision.
76561198121640305,Recommended,233860,26364887,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Xero Drive,"This is my favorite squad based rpg that i have played.  I have always been looking for a game that had squad based, or like some sort of 'ultimate commander' type game.  I stumbbled on this game while searching the sugested strategy games on steam and got almost instantly drawn in.  I still love the game even after the experimental new map update.  (Although i loved the normal map jussssttt a little bit more).  Would recomend this game to anybody that enjoys a similar genre of game that i like.P.S. It is a really hard start, dont give up thought because it gets much better"
76561198026362822,Recommended,233860,13339706,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Deadeye_7,"After 50+ hours, I can say without a doubt, that this is one of the GREATEST games I have ever played, even in early alpha, the game mechanics and style of the game have me hooked! As its in early alpha, there are bound to be some bugs and glitches...and crashes! ( and trust me, it CRASHES at the worst moments lol) But for all its flaws it has the makings of a magnificent rpg, and to my knowledge is a new type of rpg! All in all, I give Kenshi a 8/10, its good, but still needs work! work that im sure will get done by the time its fully released! Definitlly recommended!"
,Recommended,233860,14348252,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Fushiii,Just look at my hours
,Recommended,233860,14740317,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Oth Thakom,"Kenshi is a game with potental that only needs to fix that one bug they say is trying to e fixed by the engine users.However, due to this game having the option of multible races with their own cultures I realised what this game needs the most: Fur... I MEAN, anthropomorphic beings with animal-like characteristics. Mostly because if your going to ad a race of stone/hammerhead/rock people you might as well have anthropomorphic beings with animal-like characteristics.Also it would be awsome to add crazy hassan to the game. You never know when you need slightly used camels at crazy low prices."
,Recommended,233860,14330583,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Lexxy,"- I have more hours but played offline -Worth supporting the devs at their current stage as the game is decent as it is and a♥♥♥♥ ton of potential, the game just reallyneeds some major bug fixing, added content and polishing."
76561198146357260,Recommended,233860,22120410,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Majestic donut89,best game ever!!
,Recommended,233860,8897247,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Draakus,ossom
76561197986503760,Recommended,233860,20368963,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Brian,"The second u start to play kenshi u can feel this is not ur regular game,something different amongst the horde of copycat games out there todaya highly reccomended game for anyone who likes tech tree based games or group combat"
76561198254607920,Recommended,233860,26246755,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Cereal-Killer,Worth to buy.
,Recommended,233860,30220312,Posted: 27 February,all,vintormonang,I think it will be nice if I can capture my enemy and make them to be myslave
76561198035988660,Recommended,233860,8953510,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Trickster,Good Game although the crashs are dissapointing throughout the game you will get multiple error 183 crashes and kenshi needs to close but besides that well worth the money thankyou for creating a good game :) btw peeps save reg when you play just hit F5 after certain parts
76561198343274079,Recommended,233860,26602413,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,amigon314,This ganme is awesome best game ever i love it still in process of being updated but so far so good I just hope that with the next update I can actually keep my characters not last last time where I could not import them so I had to restart but other than that great game cant wait for the end result
,Recommended,233860,23224622,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Hariwulf,"It's like if Morrowing would have a baby with the Witcher, and that baby would grow playing RTS games and using steroids.That's how it feels. And yeah, feels good!"
76561198018883484,Recommended,233860,18901490,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Cray,So ♥♥♥♥♥♥ awesome. Good way to kill time. ALOT OF TIME.
,Recommended,233860,17937936,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Birdgri,Looted a ninja for his clothes.Broke both my arms in a fight later.Ran away like a ninja anyway.Best literal sandbox game ever.
76561197979940257,Recommended,233860,15795233,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,flacogordo,"It's worth the price I paid, have had many hours of fun, and look forward to many more.  Look forward to see all the developments."
,Recommended,233860,17337315,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,hotjojos,"I bought this game on a whim, and i have been entertained ever since. the graphics are not the best, but the rest of the game makes up for it.  I thoroughly enjoy this game."
,Recommended,233860,16126949,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,AngryDonut,"I got this game 3 or so years ago and i keep on coming back to it after to do a lot of updates and i have not been disappointed yet on the game.Though it has been having slow development over said years, they have had added a lot in the past year, and i cant wait for the new races, animals and then taming them.I tend to focus on being the settler, making my own city and getting rich as ♥♥♥♥, its going to be interesting once they add in hunger and thurst system into the game.So far the game devs are heading in the right direction with this game and i recommend this game to anyone that loves world building games."
76561198166519952,Recommended,233860,34237214,Posted: 14 August,all,Progenitor,"*Plays game*Bombarded with error messages telling me to run in administrator (I already had), or move the install folder of the game, because windows is stupid.Annoyed but still a fun game."
76561198060586973,Recommended,233860,22631671,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,maciora,"One of the best post - apocalyptic game You will ever play... Huge world map, that will be available gradually, multiple biomeses - the world looks extremely immersive. Recently they updated whole engine and graphics looks very nice, the game is nearly finished - all that is left is bug polishing and some features implementation.Amount of content is insane - base building, farming etc, when the full game world will be done - nearly 870 km2 with diffrent blending biomeses and factions, locations and lore -  all of this is a steal for this price. Would not be suprised when after EA the price will be higher - totally worth waiting for!!!"
76561198072395942,Recommended,233860,24507775,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,huckleberry,Still buggy but worth the 20$ I can see there is so much room for this game to grow and with MOD support it will offer quite a bit of playtime.
76561198118996892,Recommended,233860,19734001,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Bernie Sanders,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is fun in an odd way
76561197969772047,Recommended,233860,31331133,Posted: 23 April,all,PassionFruit,"This game is McDonalds, I'm lovin' it."
,Recommended,233860,10331025,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Dalorath,"Its an Interesting game, But, Theres to many bugs at this point for the game to be playable without much frustration.... I also think that It has alot of potential, and I wish the programmer could speed it up lol"
76561198007568868,Recommended,233860,29424988,Posted: 22 January,all,Her Royal Fabulousness,In my leader's palace she has a few cages where she locks up captured enemies to force them to fight her slave. Good times. :D
76561198017385629,Recommended,233860,9263048,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,orrell2008,when i build a mine and stone maker em i have to keep on telling my men to go back to work all the tell its well annoying pls fix oh can people make mods for it like maybe change graphics around sowe could have like wild wild west or sumthing crazy in the future if someone wanted to build sumthing like that or a star wars theme thing
76561197976175106,Recommended,233860,29598974,Posted: 30 January,all,Imaginary Killer,A game about slowly bleeding to death in the desert.
76561198126925401,Recommended,233860,9337755,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,isthismine00,Awesome game....
76561198008931580,Recommended,233860,9288004,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,El Zilcho,good game
76561197983896007,Recommended,233860,8972076,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,PurpleNurpleSkurpleTurple,"Really enjoying the game, good sense of character progression and huge parties make for a great time exploring the deserts!"
76561198107717007,Recommended,233860,17406960,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Momonga,One of the best sandbox games ive played in years love it. ive been playing this game for a long time and its really addicting and the best part is that it haz a wonderfull team that are constanly hard at work making this game better and better cant wait to see the finished game. Good work guys
,Recommended,233860,13098006,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,(HFG)StopherLoafer,Amazing!! <3
,Recommended,233860,10176320,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Awakeland,its fun
76561197994344833,Recommended,233860,21951383,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,dada,"At first play it feels a bit strange. But that is, because it´s unique, and it takes some time to get used to.There is still work to do, but it´s already worth the price, i think."
76561198042333185,Recommended,233860,15510522,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,TheKrell,This game has its buggs... but is worth supporting... A game like this could be a great one with a few bug fixes and a cppl updates... so send your error loggs and lets as a comunity help them out.
,Recommended,233860,18080631,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,AlaskanBeard,"I'll preface this review by saying a lot of the negative reviews do have merit. The dev is not super fast to push out updates, and the game is by no means near finished, but you have to keep in mind just how ambitious this game is. There are hundreds, maybe thousands of mechanics they're tyring to add and iron out before this game moves forward.I would also like to mention that I have somewhere closer to 300 hours on this game, rather than the 60 steam shows.This game is super ambitious and I don't think I've played anything quite like it. When I look for a sandbox RPG, this is what I want. There's a good progression and a ton of content to explore, even though the game is still in alpha. Building up your base and setting trading up, the combat, RPG elements, everything is just super well paced and fun, not to mention each playthrough is different. There are a lot of bugs, depending on the version you're playing, but most of them aren't game breaking, and the few that have been, there's enough content to just gloss over that piece of the game and do something else.More recently (closer to version .75) the dev has been working a lot on updating some of the mechanics and fixing a lot of the bugs. These last few versions have been the most polished and balanced between new features and bug fixes that have been released.All in all, it's definitely worth the $20 for the game. I've gotten tons of fun out of it and it's a blast to come back to every update. I've found myself playing more and more each time."
,Recommended,233860,16638040,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,barbadicus,"I really love the ambition put in to this game and definitely have had fun with it.If you like a sandbox type world where you can create the lone survivor who slowly builds a team of desert ninjas, and  fight to build your own town in the wasteland, this is the game for you."
76561198069477199,Recommended,233860,16639872,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,CReMV,"First off as you can see I have enough hours in this game to know what I am talking about. Not much content yet to keep you occupied for hours on end but it is getting there and fast, the game is growing in size all the time (new buildings,characters,factions and features all the time). Starting the game you will immediatly notice that the difficulty is off the charts, but that is the main goal of the game. You will quickly see your squad of 7 or os people that always lose and get beaten up by bandits turn slowly into one man armies holding up against hordes of enemies and your little settlement that started from a single shack and a mine become a thriving town with automated mines and bustling industry.And that brings us to the base building,this shows the most promise in the entire game.You can make a fortress or a simple outpost,or whatever you wish almost anywhere you wish, unfortunately the faction system is not yet implemented but when it does it is bound to be awesome. I have really high hopes and expectations from this game and as hard as it can be at times it always rewards you with a sense of achievement when your characters get off the sand,stand up dust themselves off and keep on fighting."
76561198017906015,Recommended,233860,15296938,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Meatwad1666,"for the short time i have played kenshi i has most of the thing i love in a squad based rpg from trading,citybuilding and sword based combat and it will only get better as this review is from early access for the price you get what its worth! so give it a shot"
76561198000447231,Recommended,233860,13681027,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,turnercm5,"There is no other game like Kenshi. Great squad-based action with an open world and tons of crafting. Development is slow, but I have yet to find a game with such potential."
76561198091084520,Recommended,233860,13820816,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Officer_Jenkins,Thisgame has alot of capability to be great and im looking forward to this game in the future.
,Recommended,233860,13786228,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Dipstick,"I usually stay as far away from ""early acess games"" as I possibly can, but since I have a weakness for sandboxgames(+ on sale) I figured ""♥♥♥♥ it"". This game have an infinite potential. I think that the ""stat/skill system"" takes the concept of ""character adaptation and development"" to a whole new level. I'm not a huge fan of the camerawork, but all in all this game is well worth the money."
76561198025829832,Recommended,233860,13799816,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Docturnal,"I got this game very close to its coming out on Steam Greenlight.  It has changed a lot since then, and it is awesome to see the developer's vision grow into a playable reality.   This is what a badass game looks like... without the AAA stiffs saying ""No make this game, no make that game, no make another CoD since that is what makes money.""This game is brutal, in the most rewarding way possible.  I have to admit that early on I let development get a bit further before investing a lot of time in it; dying on the character creation screen due to a pack of roving bandits was a bit of a shock.   Kenshi brought me that first--the first time I'd ever died (in game) while making a character for any game, ever.  That issue is long gone, but few games bring that visceral sense of loss of your personal pixellated avatar(s) home as well as Kenshi.Which brings me to my next point, permadeath is so awesome when you know that you can build your base up, research, trade, pirate, murder, craft, or somehow launch yourself from a measly peasant unskilled in battle, to a slightly stronger peasant that is marginally better in battle.  Never do you feel like you're king of the world, untouchable by the masses, and the NPC bandits are far too willing to remind you that your ♥♥♥♥e in fact does stink, as they disembowel you and walk away as if nothing happened.This game is the type that grows on you, and gets inside your head.  It's a very slow paced game, but offers (even in its unfinished state) an amazing strategic role-playing game that lets you build a shack, build a town, build a city, make rum, and grow hemp.  All that with squad-based combat.  Hurry up and finish already!For those of you on the fence, if an old-school game catches your fancy, don't miss out on this game.  Pure Sandbox/Strategy/City-building/Crafting/Murdering/RPG goodness!"
76561197996468933,Recommended,233860,13673311,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ch_molik,"New patches added quite often, game quite playable. Even with a rare super crash (crashed only 5 times in 120 hours of playing) a good auto saving feture saves almost everything.One of only a handfull of early access games that can be played and enjoyed.Nice addition of animals, slightly unballanced but adds a new danger to the world."
,Recommended,233860,9253443,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Mr.Jenkins,Spawn in... Walk outside... Proceed to have♥♥♥♥♥♥beaten out of you by cannibals...All jokes aside game is amazing in alpha (needs better visuals) but is promising.
76561198087837941,Recommended,233860,29600910,Posted: 31 January,all,ZaabiZS,"This game is still constantly in development, so you might want to wait an awfully long time before there's a finished version. But, for what it is right now there's a lot to do as you manage a squad of people in a sandbox world becoming whatever you want. Whether you are a feared thief or the ruler of great town that produces only alcohol.At the start life is very hard with only a few towns as safe havens and lots of danger in the wild. It doesn't help that you're just a normal person that can't take on a group of many alone. That's the charm of the game, which is that you are not special in this unique world amongst all these NPCs in their factions.There's a neat damage system that goes off of limbs and other things like bleeding. You can improve your people's skills. You can be a merchant. You can build things. It's really fun if you like management and a sandbox. If you don't like having no direction, then you're better off not getting this game right now."
,Recommended,233860,14457201,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Sammy-D,"Im rocking a Toshiba Laptop with an I7, Windows 7 (64 Bit), 8 Gigs of RAM and Intel HD 3000.No doubt not a ""Killer Gaming laptop"" but for everyone complaining that they cant run the game, Check your settings! if your Cheap like me rocking some Intel Graphics, than you shouldnt expect to have the Stunning visual efx because your rocking a built in Video card that is robing you of Ram and CPU power...BTW, Im playing with NO SHADOWS (Intel sucks running shadows) and in DX 11 mode with NO issues.."
,Recommended,233860,13302525,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Saraph15,"this game has come along way and is still getting to where it needs to be, gets more enjoyable with every update."
76561198072406131,Recommended,233860,13277980,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,dimacusa,"I love this game! I have built a small base inbeteen fisher and the other two citys close to it. So far i havent done much, but built a house and a work bench. but i have died once and ran a ton.Pros-~lots of room to run!~easy to understand controls.~lots of cool stuff to build.~lots of ways to play-example: i can be a trader or just go kill bandits.( not so great at ether yet lol.)Cons-~quite a lot of lag when i move from town to town.~i cant zoom to first person, its always third person view. (Or at least a setting that allows me to lock on my camra, would be nice.)~not alot of wildlife or plants preatty plain landscape.Hope this helps! I will update it as i play more."
76561198048437384,Recommended,233860,13279250,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,{HB} Rancid Feelz,"Enjoyable indie game, some little bugs but really enjoyed it!8/10"
76561197976494420,Recommended,233860,13287494,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Squad Leader,"I am not a poet, buy this game if you like open world sandboxes full of addicting fun!BUY BUY BUY! SUPPORT THE (ONE) DEVELOPER!you're not ready. the desert's going to eat you alive. SAND NINJA 11/10"
,Recommended,233860,13320509,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Sir Geman,"""My name is Eji Fuisha, and this is my story. I originate from the Village of Fisher. It is a small remote farming villiage. Me and the only four people I trust, Weke, Gardener, Fuujin and Nikon had decided we were tired of living here just scrapping by and not having anything to our name. On the day we had decided to set out on our adventure, our Village had come under siege by Starving Bandits. We had already set out and when we heard the chaos, we turned away and didn't look back. We had made up our minds about what to do next, and it isn't like we could have helped the poor villagers. We weren't warriors.We walked for days in the desert Cliffs and Valleys, and we happened to stumble upon a city. Catiun they called it. We decided to stay there for a while and gather our bearrings. We heard a local Policemen mention a group of bandits one day that sounded like the ones who attacked our villiage. So we decided that we would draw them out of  hiding, still unarmed this would be a challenge if we were to  be attacked.We scouted for days and then we finally stumbled accross the bandits. We ran for what felt like weeks luring them closer and closer to Catiun. Once we had reached the city, Weke the one who could run the fastest, ran to the guards and alerted them to the bandits presense. The guards quickly dispatched these thugs, and our Village had been avenged. Still....it wasnt Enough. We looted these bandits, used what ever gear we knew how to, and sold the rest. We became bounty hunters for a time. Killing bandits and collecting gold on their heads.We eventually Saved up enough money to buy some building meterials. Thats when we all set out to make our own place to call home. Along the way we met a Girl named Rin. She dawned a Karate Gi, and used a very old rusty Katanna, and when asked about it she changed the subject. I sense a story here. We also met two Builders, Set and his son Blend. They agreed to join our cause in agreement to living in our villiage. We had also stumbled across a man nearly starved to death in the desert canyons named Feck. He joined us as well.We made our way to  the Top of a Platue where we set up our outpost for the time being. We had not yet decided on a name, though we were happy about the location due to the long hike and it was hidden atop a platue above the desert cliffs. Only one way in, which made it easy to defend, or so we thought.After a week we had a stone mine up and running, we have now two houses and we have a farm with a wind generator. We thought things were going great, even had a well outside of the villiage a short ways. That was our mistake. A group of Sand Ninjas and Bandits had come into contact with each other, not far from our well. They Seveirly Injuried Weke and he managed to get back to the Villiage, however so did they.We managed to hold them off, mostly due to their in fighting, and Rin was quite skilled with her Katana. Luckily we only had 3 injuries, Weke, Gardener and Set were beridden for days. Now we look to the future, what is next? how can we further our villiage, are our walls enough? That is the story of Toukanai Villiage Thus far."""
76561198003760141,Recommended,233860,9079663,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,MassDivide,"Worth the price, still very alpha, but very addicting."
76561197969960509,Recommended,233860,9083501,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Doc Reaver,"Shows great promise, still in very early alpha.Kenishi is the story of the boy who wanted to go out into the world to become a great....Swordsman/Mayor/Trader/Inventor. But unlike most RPGs  today where the hero has all of the advantages; and magically can plow through hordes of enemies, in Kenshi, you start with the no knowledge and no skill. Almost every encounter you find at the beginning is one sided (NOT in your favor.)Bandits roam in groups generally and your best course of action is to run. If your are caught by a group of bandits chances are you will be knocked out/killed. It is more likely your will be knocked out, in this game. This is good because this is how you learn to fight, and become tougher. But it is a pretty miserable experience trying to walk back to a city with your leg broken.With time I think Kenishi will become one of the more interesting indie RPGs available."
,Recommended,233860,9128649,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Cam32541,"Kenshi is a great game,I stumbled upon this game, and bought it with hopes it wasn't going to lie what it promised.and I was blown away. Its a great game so far! its only in Alpha!! If you want to play it now, you will still like it..There is glitches and bugs to be worked out, That is expected in Alpha state tho, but as this game stands right now Its a awesome game, I have built a small outpost out grew my space and made it bigger to a small city! now I am thinking about invading the city next to me."
76561197998416622,Recommended,233860,9088449,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,FIBBIDEH,"this thoroughly challenging wasteland wandering RPG, though unfinished, is immensely fun! I've never played a game where I had my character minding his own business, brewing rum, when all of a sudden... BAM! cannibals raid my town and knock me out. When I wake up I was in their camp and I was on the menu. This was obviously unacceptable, so I had to pick the lock, break out of the cannibal camp, and make it home safely! It's like the game makes it's own story as you play it! The more you throw youself into, the more the game gives back!although between moments like these, such as power leveling and scraping up some extra cash the ""safe"" way, may not be as intense, They are also fun in their own right. the game can switch back and fourth from city simulation, to an adventure/combat game, then back to a shop simulator in a few in-game days. It really keeps you on your toes and blends together seamlessly.I highly recommend to anyone who has some free time and likes some hard-won battles with whatever comes their way!"
76561198048123785,Recommended,233860,9114974,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Dark Helix,"Amazing game, I know I lack play time but from what I have played so far, it is amazing what you can do in it, from picking up fallen team mates and carrying them to a town, to being able to construct your own. Looking forward to future updates."
,Recommended,233860,9127684,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,CoryandStuff,Probably one of the most addictive games I own on steam! All of the new updates just keep getting better and better.
76561198030743137,Recommended,233860,9167480,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Jay Jones IV,"Yes there are still some kinks to work out and the overall setup is a little ruff around the edges but you can see the potiential in this game to become truly epic. The ability to disappear into the roles of trader, warrior, town mayor or even just sightseer is the best part because you can do them all at once! A few bugs here and there but overall it was probably one of the most interesting betas I've gotten my hands on."
76561198007883096,Recommended,233860,9169503,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,nikon68,"Amazing little sandbox adventure! It's always being updated and the game is taking a very cool direction. This is certainly one to watch for the long haul as its comes together. It's not a completely finished game and many areas are still lacking, but what is there..... is hours of fun! It reminds me of MadMax and the thunderdome as you go treking across the wasteland slaughtering dust bandits and saving your people from cannibal raids!"
,Recommended,233860,9172566,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Rowettfly,"Kenshi is easily my favourite game so far this year and a very promising early access game. I have had unbelievable amounts of fun playing the game and have tried a few of the many ways you can play through the game, first I was a farmer, then a bandits, and now I command a small elite group of bounty hunters. The leveling system is beautiful and the range of weapons and fighting compliment each other amazingly. I simply can't wait for further updates and the hopefully soon release of bows! :)"
,Recommended,233860,9087042,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Benny Lava,"Incredible for an alpha with many updates in the future, give the devs your money so they can make this game into something amazing! (and before it rises in price)"
,Recommended,233860,9095657,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Epic Chicken,"This is the only pre-release game I've ever bought, and it was totally worth the purchase. I've already recruited a group and built an outpost. We make weapons and armor, which I sell in my outpost or take to other towns to trade. I've slowly built up my group to be adept in combat, so now we can fight off the bandits that attempt to raid our settlement rather than running to the nearest city guard for help.I usually can't get into pure sandbox games...without a story telling me what to do I tend to feel overwhelmed and lost. Kenshi offers more gameplay options than anything else I've ever played, but there's plenty that you can do to progress the game, even though there isn't a story driving you to do X for Y.I've built my own outpost and fortified it. I mine my own resources, make my own food, and craft my own clothing, weapons, and armor. I struggled to survive at first, but now my faction is thriving. It's a tough game at first. You aren't special. You're not a hero. Any lowly bandit could easily murder you when you start the game. But you learn to survive until you become skilled enough to defend yourself. The initial difficulty may be a turn-off for some, but it makes everything about the game so much more rewarding."
76561197991801548,Recommended,233860,9131426,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,J. M. Heineken,"Awesome game, I love it."
76561198052146920,Recommended,233860,9169692,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,MeatCommittee,"Although a lot of work has gone into this game already to critique it this early wouldnt be fair, any opinion would likely be based on simply whether the concept of the game was one that appealed to you. The characters are still very rough around the edges, the dialoguenot fleshed out yet and the concepts still being refined."
76561197993844064,Recommended,233860,9096830,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,deanejmi,I love this game. I just wish there was a an option to kill your enemy after they are knock unconscious. Sounds terrible but it would at to the game a bit I think. Game is still great and cant wait for the final product.
,Recommended,233860,9115488,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Zusk,"As of right now I do not feel the game is playable but if you are the kind of person that loves financing great concepts this is definitely the game to get. Kenshi is a open world action-strategy hybrid where you control one unit at the start, a character that you can gain stats with by doing natural things like running, attacking and carrying lots of weight. Sadly, it seems the game is rather barren on the 'quest' and 'story' aspects, there being pretty much nothing to do with friendly NPC's in cities besides buying supplies, getting new companions or straight up killing everybody. I am not one of those RPG 'purists' that absolutely need a story but the issue here is that as of February 14th, 2014 there is essentially no content for the player besides looking around for bandits to kill and building a base.All of this would be fine if the games combat system worked, which it does but its painfully simply. You click on your guy and you click on your enemy and whoever has the best stats win ( Most likely your opponent at the start considering that they are pretty much always better then your character stat wise. ) There are a few unique quirks to combat like picking up wounded enemies and healing them back to health after a battle which most games dont do and I personally had the most fun doing.Overall, as of right now I dont feel like the game is worth playing but I feel like it is a good investment for the future."
76561198042198287,Recommended,233860,9107484,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Lord and Master of theYiff,"While it is not for everyone it is a very good strategy/simulation game.  It can be annoying to learn rules, controls, and to find a decent way to start building, but when you get into a rythm and play for a decent amount of time the game is really fun and enjoyable, if not slightly annoying at times due to waiting for a few necessary resousces or dust bandit attacks.9/10 would definetly gift to a freind if i had money"
,Recommended,233860,9072655,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Jet,"This game can also be referred to as ""Running away from bandits simulator: the game""It pulls no punches and for a long time you will be outclassed by everyone you meet. You will run away a lot.But it has a very addictive quality because of it and when you eventually come out on top you will feel all the better for it.It is however very buggy and prone to things going wrong on long playthroughs."
,Recommended,233860,9116317,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Protolore,Even in Alpha this game is amazing and has great potential.
,Recommended,233860,11439599,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ThE_MarD,"Heyyo, a neat RTS / RPG / Management game... it's been in development for quite some time and it is a fun game, but I fear that the lack of a big development team is taking its toll as updates are getting farther and farther in between...."
,Recommended,233860,9279580,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Sergent F.L,"this game is OSM!!! but maybe tell when someone is going to attack you, and plz add defences inside like the turert, cause fighting thme feels like forever, and i keep getting the bug where the ppl inside dont walk properly, they just pass through walls and buildings, so fix this, last time i had like a bunch of bandits outside and them they just teleported in. Also when i itry to let the workers work on  a building in the corner, the person will just run to the gate and open it for no reason so fix this. Lastly why isnt there any traders around my place, maybe have them travel to my outpost, instead of having routes set for them, havnt seen a single walking trader in the game since i started."
76561198039739981,Recommended,233860,19535796,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Dak Ralter,"This is definatly one of the most satisfying games that I have ever played.Some people might see this as a negative, but the game plops you in a random location and lets you do whatever you want. No quest line, no objectives, your only job is to survive. It's also nice that you don't start the game as some kind of ""chosen one"" the fact that you have to build yourself up from the bottom is what makes this game so satisfying. Though the game has been in development for some years, I have seen that the devs have been dedicated in thier work and have made a lot of progress. I eagery wait for the game's full release.If you want a game that doesn't hold your hand, that gives you total freedom to do whatever you want, I totally recomend this game."
,Recommended,233860,20482299,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Z17DK,"Lots of pottential for this game, there are some crashes and some minor or game breaking bugs but this is still a early access game, the game mechanics are easily adaptable to and easy to figure out.RTS/RPG/Survival/OpenWorld/CityBuid is basicly all the tags for this game if you wanted to see what its like.Graphics are decent for a game like this, The amount of characters you can have(30 Max.) is very useful if you want to have a Trading Caravan. Bandit/ninja party, Small Town, Doctors, or anything you wish, there is different roles and scenarios you are able to play like, a lone wanderer who has nothing, a hungover ninja who got into a bad situation, or a lucky scavenger who found a OP sword but has people out to get him. Survival is constant as there are animals everywhere trying to devour you, slavers trying to capture you or canibals trying to eat you and bandits of all sorts trying to rob you and kill you or the ninjas that have no real reason to kill you but theyll just try to do it anyways. There are many Factions throughout the lad of Kenshi including your own faction, you can improve or worsen relations with different factions, make freinds, enemies, have new members join, hire medics, engineers, nobodies or experienced fighters to join your faction. there are many jobs within kenshi like bounty hunting, farming, mining, crafting, water gathering,hauling,and just so much more to come....i do really recommend this game but you should probably wait until a few more patches and updates to come beacsue the crashes are really crazy and it usually crashes after a autosave or when you load the game the squad system is broken...but i do reccomend this game because it hasnt given me that much trouble other than lag and crashes."
,Recommended,233860,23307851,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Dana Zane,i made a traveling band of stupid op ninjas then i built a town forgot to close my gates and got taken as a bunch of slaves for  5 days 10/10
,Recommended,233860,29274005,Posted: 15 January,all,TacticianFuff,It takes a little learning and getting used too but its tons of fun
,Recommended,233860,21354937,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,PatSaysHi,"This game is very addicting and fun once you get the hang of it. It take a little bit to learn the ropes, but you can make it go by quicker by watching a tutorial."
76561198173589002,Recommended,233860,19083876,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,sicdoc58,"This game is truly brilliant. Requires patience, alot of patience."
,Recommended,233860,15945358,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,AGB Cake,a game i have enjoyed and am proud to say i put time and money into the development is slow but is still a game worth picking up 10/10 ign
76561198299813485,Recommended,233860,29441998,Posted: 23 January,all,quintonromans1,im still super confused with this game i run back and forth from the cities at for no reason at all i get attacked if someone could explain that to me that would be great...
76561197973141511,Recommended,233860,27742140,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Baron Von Wurmhat,dwarf fortress meets the sims meets japanese samurai culture.
76561198027079771,Recommended,233860,31255698,Posted: 20 April,all,Yetination,One-of-a-kind!
76561197994287202,Recommended,233860,31347222,Posted: 24 April,all,GuardianSpooker,"I've played this when it was in very early beta/alpha stages. It was way too lacking on content and it was riddled with bugs that were incredibly game breaking for me. Quit playing it for years on end, but only just now did I decide to play this again.By the Holy Empire, it is way more fun and better than the last time I played it and I am so glad too. I'm literally enjoying it and it's super fun to play. Lo-Fi Games, keep doing what you do. Your years of hard work were not wasted.If you're a fan of squad based RPG games like Jagged Alliance, give this a try. You won't regret the purchase."
76561198019928788,Recommended,233860,31704272,Posted: 12 May,all,breeze,Hardcore at it's best.
,Recommended,233860,9500378,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,MrCagey,"Great game. If your looking for a few to kill endless hours on the same save this is it, some bugs and some features are not implemented yet, but great game, bit steep difficulty in the beginning."
,Recommended,233860,9828607,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,FREEMASON,-Spawned-ran around-found a town-hired a henchman-thought I was invincible-killed 4 bandits-ran toward a mob of them-got everything looted...-raged quitwould rage quit again 10/10
76561198006734457,Recommended,233860,17145869,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,ROBINO,"[edit: review after beta release]* ok this game is unique and fun.  Challenging for a game in a new and immersive way* many of the issues i had with the alpha are fixed, some still remain* it still needs content in terms of missions, diplomacy, storyline and lore* good community with developers hanging out on forums* this is one of the few alphas i've bought into where i really think they can pull-off a blockbuster success* i'm looking forward to full release[old alpha review below]* the guards killed a guy so i stripped him naked and then healed him just because i could* i wandered around the map - game crashed so i verified my cache* i walked into a house and stripped a samurai naked while he slept and sold his stuff in the store* the store closed with me still inside so i had to smash down the door while the shop guard just stood there- would keep playing (find more bugs) but i think i'll leave it for now"
76561198094924083,Recommended,233860,15051722,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Icesoul122,There are lots of bugs and development is slow but its still really good and addicting. I dont recommend buying it full price right now but if its on sale dont miss it.
76561198023572133,Recommended,233860,26225358,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,hans.genscher,Really awesome RPG/Squad Management/Base Building game.
76561198170112641,Recommended,233860,16938614,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,smokinjays420,fix gthe ♥♥♥♥ing walls
,Recommended,233860,20111370,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Red Mage 爱,"This has been in early-access for quite some time, and sometimes it just bugs out to a pretty minor hell, but when everything works (I'd say a good 4/5 times for me) DAMN does it work. If you wanna be the 1v5+ Hero, you have two options. Either train long and hard or cheat. But doing it legitimately has a sense of accomplishment, you can watch the skill of your character grow.And the best part? The devs are still hard at work on this, even when patches sometimes seem few and far between. So, its a good game. For now, I give it a 7.5, but this has more than enough potential to hit a solid 10/10. Is some gud♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,233860,19399025,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Muggle Meat,This is a really fun and quirky RPG. I have a blast playing it even with all of the glitched graphic. I also have fun playing the game then the next day trying to explain what happen to my friends!
76561198041469084,Recommended,233860,22445767,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Aurenical,"This is a game I've been following and playing for a VERY long time.  One of my first GL games, I loved the idea, the setting, and the core mechanics.  And while development seems to have been taking FOREVER (seriously, it's been in my library for over 2 years or so) it's actually been progressing very quickly, I'm just impatient.TL;DRVery realistic approach to an RPG game.  Nice open sandbox elements (done well so far), good combat elements that are in need of some slight refining but are otherwise well thoughtout and implemented, and the possibility to build your own bases/towns to form your own ""faction"" is great.Pros:+Everything?  Seriously, there are so many elements to this game it would be impossible to list them in the limit that Steam puts on reviews.+Music is good, not great, but immersive enough that it doesn't distract+Graphics are good, nothing AAA here, but the rest is so well done who the hell cares?+Gameplay: so without being able to go into too much detail because there's not enough room, they've done a great job with the entire concept of ""play how you want"" within the confines of the game and it's world.  Theivery, trading, combat, research and technology (which goes along with), base building, and the FIGHTING!!!!+Combat is good, since it's still in beta, I'm hoping they refine a few things that are buggy/problematic (Yes, stagger, I mean you, you annoying ♥♥♥♥♥!).Cons:-Still buggy, lots of crashing issues (still a beta so this is hardly a complaint, just a problem that in it's current state may detract from some people's enjoyment-UI is a little odd, in that it doesn't fit the game's aesthetics, but it's far from awful-Load times! But they're still working on optimising the game, so another item that will hopefully fall off the list (but needs to be stated for anyone currently looking at the title)-Some combat elements (staggering is a HUGE problem IMO), though this is purely an OPINION on the current balance they have for the game that I feel doesn't fit to wellIn-Depth:So I can't fit it all in here, there's so many good things to say about this game, but it's a great title.  They really took the whole sandbox combat RPG thing and just created something so spectacular.  You can almost literally do whatever you want.  Seriously.  The way things are done is super realistic (as much as you can in a game like this, anyways), from combat, to research and base building, to farming and trading, right down to the injuries people sustain and how it affects their movements!  You'll limp with a busted up leg, or cradle that beaten up arm, or hold your head so your brains don't fall out from that gaping hole you just got!  Ok, not THAT detailed, but you hold your head when it's injured!  That level of detail is downright impressive from even a AAA title!This team has done some really amazing work, and they deserve some major props, praise and a whole lot of cats... er, I mean cash!  I can't wait to see this game finished, polished, and then what they come up with next!"
,Recommended,233860,20392251,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,cvalentine07,"Definitely still early access, but man, can it be fun. And frustrating. And immersive. And buggy. Save a lot. If you can live with occasional tedium for the sake of the little clan you have founded, play this game."
76561198093311447,Recommended,233860,19457068,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,leswsmith,"A very playable sandbox game for an Alpha. With plenty of help files if you need them they do not intrude by trying to hold your hand during game play. Despite a few graphical glitches like people and buildings burying themselves in the terrain the game is a very versatile squaddy type game with pl;enty of scope for building fighting and trading. the movement controls are good, with groups known as parties being controled seperately giving you the option to keep your nedic out of the way of any combat."
,Recommended,233860,19798498,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,BigBad Wolf 狼,"I have been watching the development of Kenshi long before I decided to purchase this title. Great game although when large parties are present it tends to lag something terrible. I wish the Dev's would address this issue. It happens enough to drain the enjoyment out of the actual feel of the overall mindset.In conclusion great game, lots of freedom, but I would wait and follow the updates and see if they fix the concerns mentioned above before you purchase unless you don't mind the low frame rate during congested areas and also save often.I give it a 7/10."
76561198023775664,Recommended,233860,19861753,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Xxxorr,"In an earlier state of the game when I first bought it, I wanted to build a base really bad. I chose to build it somewhat close to a dogs den on a hill, next to the mountain because it looked like a defensible location. I thought it was far enough from the dog's aggro range.I was wrong. Day after day, dogs practically rushed up the hill and murdered my squad in their sleep. Sometimes, it rained dogs on top of my squad member's heads. One @#$%ing dog could completely destroy my whole squad, even with some  members clad in heavy plate armor. Just to build a well, they even had to go on stealth mode for fear of alerting the dogs.After constant fighting and brushes with death, my squad members survived and grew stronger. There were times when I had them running up the hill with huge backpacks packed with heavy ores, concrete bricks and water buckets just to train their strength.Eventually, I had at least 3 warriors on par with a samurai lord, and could solo sweep the entire murderous dog's den on their own. I was unrivalled across much of the land of Kenshi, and even won a battle with an entire city's worth of ""policemen"". Good times.Based on past experiences, I recommend building your base next to a monster spawn."
76561198100609389,Recommended,233860,19864134,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,TheCourier097,"This Is a really amazing game that I love playing! From being able to start out completelty hopeless in a extremely dangerous desert where you can die within contact of any hostile NPC's. To the awesome level up system for your people. However the game needs work. I haven't played more than 10 hours of this game yet and already notice many things wrong with the game. I will help out by making a list of problems.1) After closing hours of shops your person can get trapped in stores over night2) Game crashes constantly3) Random spawning of NPC's (litterally had a beaked giraffe or whatever it is spawn right in front of me)4) The pathfinding is slightly broken and causes your people to loop around building before they acctually go into the one you want)5) Textures could use a lot more work! (And I mean A LOT)6) When youn reload the game the squad hotkey at the bottom screen does not display your characters and makes you restart the game to see it again.7) There is no home menu option when you pause the game, WTF!8) Characters and NPC's can walk strait through furniture9) When your on the ground bleeding out in the middle of a town, none of the NPC's help you (This isn't really a bug or anything but come on you know it needs to be part of the game)10) Help menu seems to be very outdatedI will update this if I run into anymore problems. But I highly recomend this game it has crazy potential to it!"
,Recommended,233860,22435134,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,FUQS,"""Remember,this is bandit country. Shoot everything that moves!"" © Paladins""I'm not in danger, I AM THE DANGER"" © BanditBest walkingsim/surgeonsim/economysim/citybuilder/CraftYourGangsim/datesim I've ever played. It's like real life without internet!"
,Recommended,233860,22472270,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Shen.,truely awesome game!!I hope that someday the game will let me play more than an hour~ before crashing.i do have an f5 reflex about every 5mins now.keep it up!love to see early access games with progress.
,Recommended,233860,25310077,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,that book scene from IT,"Kenshi is a very interesting game.  Its very fun.  It has great RPG elements.  Survival-like mechanics.  You can build up an army.  Become a trader.  The game is a blast.  The game is not very face paced just to make that known.  Its about taking your time and making a real faction/nation.  When i first got the game i loved it.  But it was a very long time ago and it was in very early access, so it lacked in content and got boring.  But now with all of its updates and with the workshop, this game really feels like a game.  I rate it a 8/10.  It drops the two points because its still early access of course and its controls can be difficult at times.  But overall this is a great and fun game!"
76561198033984722,Recommended,233860,19550243,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,madness,"Dude, I don't know who you are, or why you're wanting to do this.  Do me a favor and don't stop.  This games is awesome and I can't tell you how many hours I've burned playing it.  Even when I stop I come back to it.  It's adictive trying to see how good I can get my characters in this harsh wasteland you created.  I have always wanted to design a game like this and just wanted to encourage you to keep going.  Do a gofundme or something I will support.  BTW, Robotics and Animal Taming are two features I'm looking forward to.  ;-)  KEEP GOING!!!!"
,Recommended,233860,20103672,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,José,"(Due to bad internet, I've got much less hours on record than I've actually played)I'm updating my review, which was made in 2014.I still recommend this game. Since my purchase of it, it has been updated, patched onto and received many additions. That, however, does not make it complete, or stable.What are you getting right now?The game is a survival sandbox-rpg where you command a squad of people with different skills and attributes, you can build in a vast, albeit a bit empty (a new map is coming, so... not an issue), desert land; mine; trade; hunt for bandits, for trade caravans; research and manufacture an assortment of products, from food, to booze, to katanas, to chain mail.There are several cities and settlements, a couple of factions, ranging from bandits to the holy nation, to cannibals, and slavers.As it is, the game is filled with half implemented features, grayed-out options, bugs and optimization issues and, basically, room for improvement.It also comes with a lot of things to do, from building a fort, to making a ton of money from trade, to beating the ever living crap out a bandit boss who wanted to threaten you and sticking him in a cage, only to then hand him in to some samurai police dude.tldrThe game is not ready, but has been being updated, and, overall, has improved since my acquisition of it. In addition, it is great fun to have such a degree of freedom in a game, and I have full confidence in the developers and their commitment to their product, which is key to an early access game.If anything, the year and a half I've had with this game taught me that regardless of the goals the devs set themselves, they seem quite capable of achieving it, should you give them time."
76561198049941885,Recommended,233860,20201427,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,omzcanada,"This game has great potential. I've play a few hours and watch a play through on YouTube which helped me make up my mind to buy it. Yes, there are still issues I have, camera control being one, but enjoying it hours at a time all the same. I do hope this game makes it to a finall polished gem."
76561198006595997,Recommended,233860,30691669,Posted: 23 March,all,blake,looking forward to the opening up of the rest of the map. I am enjoying the game a lot hope it comes out of early access soon.
,Recommended,233860,25375072,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Sneaky Ocelot,"Insane game that has definitely come a long way. Interesting to play. Not a full priced game yet, although a more complete experience than many early access games."
76561198278988183,Recommended,233860,25355024,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Bridges,Great game. Great feel. Great style. Theres nothing quite like it and its future is oh so promising.Never have I followed a games updates with as much enthusiasm as I have with this.I wouldnt give it a rating because in my mind it defies category.Please support this developer =D
,Recommended,233860,30380877,Posted: 7 March,all,Briste,Just Awesome
,Recommended,233860,30603519,Posted: 18 March,all,Cool man,very good game but the community is full of weaboos
76561198018360877,Recommended,233860,30742614,Posted: 25 March,all,jlockwood30,"I picked this game up a year ago and while there were a few annoying bugs(now fixed) it was an enjoyable game that was exactly as stated a free world squad based rpg... where you're not somehow special without working at it, and when trying to take on a bandit... they have friends.   I started playing again this year and the bugs had all been fixed.  The game had made actual progress unlike so many early access and it plays and feels like a complete game already.  This is the first early access game i've played where full price or more seems justified, rather than waiting for a sale.  The obvious interest and tangible updates by the developers is encouraging and I can't even imagine what else they will add to make it a finished product.  There is even the option for different difficulty levels by altering the world dynamics, and different optional starting squad compositions, anything from a small team with the materials to start a base, to the lone scavenger trying to survive the wasteland and find a few friends. (one note is that i'd recommend taking a look at some of the mods after the first few hours of experience to potentially reduce grind)"
,Recommended,233860,30846725,Posted: 30 March,all,Yurt,"Had i wrote this review about 1 year ago when i played it for the first time on my friends computer i would of put the worst review ever. It seemed so unorganized at the time and i just felt like the game was just a mess. But i always thought about this game alot when i would scroll past it because i noticed later on that i really just.. didn't understand kenshi. I finally decided to buy it after i burned out on RUST and find out if i could grasp it. Let me tell you. When i grasped it. I didn't put it down. Kenshi is a Sandbox game that literally takes you into a world that no one cares if you live or die. There are many entities that will kill you and barely anyone to help you. Food is such a pain but i love the struggle to survive. Mining ore for a whole day (In game"" to make ends meet to put food in my stomach. My skills go up from mining. I get faster... better at it.. i mine more and keep working until i'm making enough money to pay for 2 days worth... then i get building supplies... i make a shack... grind more and more and more. I finally hire a helper after and it changes the game dramaticly. Kenshi is not a game that you will just dive straight in and kill groups of enemies in your first fight. As a matter of fact your are supposed to lose. I won my first battle in kenshi on around day 70. I took my squad of barely trained lowlives and turned them into hardened masters of the sword. Its an amazing game. One that if you pick it up and actually try it and don't give up because you can't take the time to learn it will give you a lot of satisfaction when you finally make that small little farm town you always wanted."
76561197970521529,Recommended,233860,30736822,Posted: 25 March,all,Heltah,"-->>I would suggest turing down mouse sensitivity and scroll speeds to aid in performance.<<--TL:DR Buy Kenshi if you're into this sort of epic Post Apocalypitic Survial RTS RPG. I say epic because to truly become a master or rule the world of Kenshi, you will have invested likely a thousand hours; provided you don't cheat, or use the variuous mods which change the typical way you train your fighting skills.I played Kenshi years ago when the extremly early alpha was free on the now bought out Desura. I can tell you the game has really pulled through on that initial vision, and I can't be happier for the developer. Kenshi has come to life.You can literally go from a broke, naked, and incredibly weak; to a mighty warrior wrecking groups of foes and ruler of all the lands. You can build an empire / trade / steal / fight cannibals and other exotic creatures. You can participate in the slave trade or be captured as a slave yourself.The post apocalyptic world is vast (F'ing HUGE) and beautiful. It makes you wonder about the past fallen civilizations and what took place to cause the fall. I think the less you know about Kenshi when you start, the more awe struck you will be upon discovering the world of Kenshi. Don't watch let's plays, just go in blind and you'll be happy that you did. Easily hundreds of hours of gameplay await you. Surviving is difficult and managing a large settlement is also difficult, as it should be."
,Recommended,233860,30822227,Posted: 29 March,all,Shikascott,Fun game overall. Great combat. Never had an issue with the game even when it was crashing all the time.
,Recommended,233860,3245194,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,Yung Nug,Yeah yeah it's a pay for beta thing but it's actually pretty good I promiseOne warning thoughBandits are dickbutts and they will wreck your♥♥♥♥♥♥for fun
,Recommended,233860,33599383,Posted: 16 July,all,MisterUlysses,"Good core concept, reliable update schedule, easy to use modding tool with a reasonably prolific modding community, and very nice emergent story telling.Everything you could ever want out of an Early Access game."
,Recommended,233860,18899437,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,CchRaven01,"I know this game has its problems, and the development has been very slow,but none the lessKenshi is still a great experience for anyone. The dev wet from being a one man team with a part timejob several years ago. Now that the game is getting bigger the dev has hired 4 new devs to speed along the development of Kenshi.The gameplay of Kenshi is amazing. With no story to follow you can set out on your  on or with a group and do as you will.  With half a dozen different ways to start out your adventure the replayability of this game is amazing. Kenshi  is a very unforgiving world. The first 5 playthroughs you will die soon after you begin your adventure, but when you start out the game again you will have learned from your mistakes and  keep on going and enjoy every bit of it. 10/10"
,Recommended,233860,18911518,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,IrishGuardian,"A lot of work needs to be done I know!hardly any of the options work regarding resolution and scaling textures,a better detail on character customisation which is done well but still needs a look in regarding stance and hair, body missing any real differences with no beerbelly or chest hair or scaring or well look at your own body!! a basic change to this would be cool!The ui could do with something more?the camera angle is off and makes looking aound awkward. plus if you search around you loose yourself so if clicking on your character automatically goes back to you would be helpfull!!your just stuck in a desert which for new gamers to this with no tutorial or introduction, there is a help button which give you that help but having a sequel (tutorial based on what class you pick) may well be fun also!!The Game is good but its easy to loose what your doing!Better interaction would be nice with NPC's and would LOVE to see co-op or some sort of multipayer so friends can join your squad or so!!It's a 70/30 for recomending!"
76561198053355399,Recommended,233860,33277759,Posted: 5 July,all,KArzarok,Good game
,Recommended,233860,31917169,Posted: 23 May,all,bogotano123,"I love this games, it just needs to stop crashing but it's a really good game"
76561198114610069,Recommended,233860,31948376,Posted: 25 May,all,Iskall Dryck,"Went south, got eaten by spiders. Went North, got eaten by cannibals. I wonder what I'll get eaten by when the East side of the map is ready."
76561198119032118,Recommended,233860,31892739,Posted: 21 May,all,ScourgeSlayer,A hidden back story wrapped into a huge survival sandbox steampunk-ish samurai RPG.
,Recommended,233860,31961252,Posted: 25 May,all,Revan Tair,This game is good. Very good. Enough said. Need to sleep in floppy|s bedhouse.
,Recommended,233860,17453785,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Neurosys420,"- Started Kenshi- Set my configuration- Read Tutorial Popup - Every Screen- Looks Good- Starts as Male, No shirt, 10k 'cats' for money- Bought some tools, not sure why. 840 cats left- Found Tavern, dude outside, hired him for 700 cats and renamed him dipsh_t- No idea what to do now... lets try to get hammered in this bar dipsh_t- Dipsh_t agrees and we head inside.-- No booze we can afford, we leave- Walk into some dudes house.- He closes the door as the sun goes down- We are locked in and I cant figure out how to kill him.- He goes to bed, but lack of bed ownership prevents my party from resting.- The rest was documented on twitch:http://www.twitch.tv/geekprojex/v/10317423-- My self named, primary character died being carried back by the first 2 recruits-- Dipsh_t is attacked like 10 times trying to make his way back, robbed several times.-- Dipsh_t survives and limps back to town.-- Shaggy, the 2nd recruit steps up and starts an outpost in neurosys' honor-- TokerTown is founded.-- and lots of time spent scavenging20/10 -- Its like X3 except without the suck."
,Recommended,233860,14476204,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Jardaster,"Kenshi is a game where you can do almost anything you want more freedom than most games can offer though it still has much progress the little time i played ive had loads of fun their are many pros and cons thoughPROS:-Many chracter beginnings many ones such as freedom seekers,cannibal hunters,nobodies,old soldier and a few more-Character creation is nice needs more in depth creation hopefully another race such as mutants or something cool if there will be deserts and oceans(there is only human male and female)-Good fighting,excellent animation with connection of blades and armor-Challeging,this game requires much though on what you should do with a specific person and how to defeat a bandit party without having everyone becoming injured-Graphics are nice-Ability to stop time and look at surroundings is nice-Good weapons and armor designs-you get to build a baseCONS:-Frequent crashes like i said its still in alpha so give it time and report problems-Not enough weapon/armor choices,there should be more i reccomend no guns though could add bows too not just crossbows and dual blades and hopefully shields-Base resources take forever(do not recommend starting out building base at all unless you pick one of the starting choices which have info on it)-watch for your charcters being stuck-weird trading system or merchants dont travel into outpost or leave the shop or outpostOverrall rating is a 8.5/10 very good game nice structure,gameplay,nice graphics,good rts style gameplay if wanted and need be. DO NOT FORGET!!!!!!!!>>> Its still in alpha so give it time and try it its definatly worth the money"
76561197995212722,Recommended,233860,1595566,"Posted: 23 March, 2013",all,Sprayer2708,"If this is just the framework, I can not wait to see the full game. It feels a little like Dwarf Fortress Adventure mode meets The Settlers meets The Fall (The 2004 RPG not the 2014 Platformer). A mix which could bear many pitfalls but holds promise to endless hours of entertainment.When this game is done, it could very well become the gem of gameplay I've been looking for in this age of unimanignative games.Chris (the guy who started it) hired more people to help developing the game, hopefully a sign it does get finished. Updates are not as regular anymore but still happening."
,Recommended,233860,9538743,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Milo Raglan,Very interesting but not at all a full game yet. A few game breaking glitches had me staying away from playing it. Very interested to get back to it when its closer to complete.
76561197970737079,Recommended,233860,9595049,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Mingoia,"This game has a ton of potential. It's very fun and addictive. I've always been a fan of the free roaming RPG games that don't need or have a story, but instead give you this playground to make your own story and adventure. Set your own goals then achieve them. This is that game easily, even in it's current alpha state (Alpha 0.64). It has a small learning curve and just a few youtube videos will show you around the game quickly, but this game is tough which I think adds to the ""started from the bottom, rags to riches"" type of thing that games such as GTA, Sims series, and Saints Row, etc have all done, and once you can take on bandits or better it gives you a very satisfying feeling of accomplishment. Even more so when you build your base and eventually make a ton of money trading, then have your group strapped and armed to the teeth! I definitly support this game and feel I got my moneys worth when I bought it. I look forward to see where this game goes in the future."
76561197983602052,Recommended,233860,23521652,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,ArbitrageX,"This is one of those games I go back to every couple of months.  Every time it's a different experience, but that core aspect is still there: ""Whatever doesn't kill you makes you stronger.""  I laugh sometimes at the strategies I come up with.  ""perhaps getting my butt kicked daily as a slave will be a good endurance grind...""  I keep a special post-disaster savegame named Whatthehelljusthappened for when I get suprised and I use it often.The developers are very ambitious.  They had a great base game going, then they threw out the map with the experimental version, and replaced it with a huge continent.  Only about 1/8th of the new map is available for play right now and I'm simply amazed at the detail that was put into it.  They added animals and creatures out of nightmare.  Different humaniods, religious motivations, pets, crime and punishment.There are still lots of bugs to get ironed out.  CTD is common, but with a decent autosave, it hasn't ruined the game for me."
76561198025434087,Recommended,233860,34538919,Posted: 27 August,all,robertdrake910,"Let me start off by saying that Kenshi is far from perfect.  For one thing, it is quite buggy.  Pathing is frequently a problem, particularly when player-placed buildings enter the equation.  Crashes will plague all but the most modern systems, as Kenshi guzzles resources at an alarming rate.  Load times are as frequent as the need to change between different groups of your people, which will be very frequent for any player who builds a town (one of the main draws of the game).  As such attempting to play this game without an SSD will result in quite a lot of waiting.  On top of all this, I find that Kenshi has far less replay value than most other open-world sandbox games I've played.  Once you've done it, you've done it... it won't be significantly different when you play again.Despite all this, Kenshi has provided me with over 100 hours of entertainment.  Exploring the world and very gradually building the strength of your team, your town, and your tech is very satisfying.  There are a number of unique biomes to discover, which came as quite a surprise to me.  I was expecting mostly arid badlands considering the post-apocalyptic setting.  There was certainly plenty of that, but in addition there were a number of fantastic things to find.  One example?  A lake of solid steel, seemingly formed after a giant robot battle that resulted in quite a lot of melting of the opposition.Of course there are also precious artifacts to find in the most remote and dangerous locations.  For those who build towns, Ancient Science books will allow you to develop new technologies that will benefit you in many useful ways.  For those who don't, powerful weapons and equipment are waiting to be found as well.I would recommend this game to any player who likes to explore and gradually build their power.  That, and has a powerful modern system to deal with Kenshi's sloppy resource usage plus frequent loading bars.  If you can play it, it's actually a very nice game."
,Recommended,233860,16193472,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,DHare3,"This game is in very early access, but I love it already. The concept is amazing and the progress they make every update gives me confidence that this game will only grow to become one of my favorite games in my steam library."
,Recommended,233860,8897437,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,RT,Engrossing and Fantastic.  A deep and rewarding game with limitless possibilities.
76561198030758475,Recommended,233860,16245008,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Traynor84,"This game, which isn't even finished yet, is amazing.  It is worth buying in early access.  Solid devs work with the community and post multiple updates per month.  If you like city builders, RPGs or top-down dungeon games, you will love this.  But it now!"
,Recommended,233860,8908557,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Moholmarn / Don Moholmo,Odd but awesome!
,Recommended,233860,16305530,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,TheMatrix_,thanks for the update its a very good game and its my favourite game
76561198022132252,Recommended,233860,8905484,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Nacht Oberst,"Bought the game 1/29/2014.Started in the early morning and completely lost my day off. It's dark.. I don't know what time it is.. I love this game..Buy it, buy it now. It may have some bugs, but when this game DOES get finished, you will never see day light again.Buy it.Buy it. Get this game. LOVE ON IT!THROW MONEY AT THE CREATOR! It will make it better."
,Recommended,233860,8912253,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,†Shearhack†,bought this game on the daily deal sale and i have to say i like it! it looks like it has alot of potential as im playing it in the alpha state there are a few bugs sure and the map is huge with not much way to travel and lots of sand. but watching your squad of people slug it out is sort of fun! the base building is pretty good as well i cant wait to see more option and things there and maybe some siege or attacks on the players. so for this review i would say 3/5 giving it room for improvement :)some pro's:the squad based fighting is cool!the base building feature is nice fun to place a mark in the worldthe fact the your units take damage to certain body parts and can bleed to death is interesting.the cons:the map is huge! even with the speed feature your running alot! <maybe add horses or camels to ride around?>there is alot of sand and not much changes to it! <maybe add some weather features? it rains in the desert sometimes>the slug fest does get bland but the game is early <i heard you may be adding some limb loss features that would be neat!>all in all the concept behind this game is great and i cant wait to see it progress :) GL!
76561197965747164,Recommended,233860,8914722,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Chanos,"It was a little difficult to figure out what to do at first, but after a few hours of playing it seems like a lot of fun. Save often, crashes happen."
76561198020852083,Recommended,233860,22204851,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,pahan,"This is the game that got me back onto Steam. Novel ideas, excellent designs, lots (LOTS) of bugs, interesting execution of the ideas. This game will be on my list to periodically play for a long time. One of the games I truly do not regret buying."
76561197973810292,Recommended,233860,12766459,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,++ungood,Look very promising
76561197998881490,Recommended,233860,29214436,Posted: 12 January,all,nerd.o.love,"This game is actually really interesting. It seems to be quite a bit closer to done than the last time i played, but damn it is difficult still. I even broke down and installed some cheaty mods, but then I got bored lolAllot of awesome in this one, takes some planning :)"
76561198049363959,Recommended,233860,12812419,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,niten57,"I've got 22 HRs in it so far but I think it should have been called ""Running From Town to Town Getting Your Butt Kicked"".But they still seem to make it fun. Haven't got to building things yet. It's one of those games that's just hard to stop playing. It needs  a lot of work, but even with it's problems I would recommend it.They have really been working on this. New map, new content, pretty much a new game. It is better tthan ever and one of the best game I've played. If you like sandbox games, you should get it."
,Recommended,233860,30668774,Posted: 22 March,all,Mattatabi :),"I cant play the game... the game keep crashing everytime i click the continue/load/new game. and after i did some computer restart it somehow worked but the i cannot save my progress.. but i really like this game, just those bugs make me hate it"
,Recommended,233860,28498637,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,x_Fiz_x,"Really fun! I find myself saying ""Just five more minutes"" quite often. There will be rage quits sometimes, but that's the fun of it because of the challenge. When you really get started, the game not only picks up, it takes off completely. Great game, 10/10"
76561198110704629,Recommended,233860,22729632,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Crockdoc,Got eaten by a wolf alive 10/10 would get eaten again.
76561198018096128,Recommended,233860,35125022,Posted: 22 September,all,FritzVonBischof,Masterpiece. :)
76561198001200255,Recommended,233860,17342256,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,The Man. The Mith. The Legend.,really good game. I love the settlers mode.
,Recommended,233860,21568052,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Viral,The kind of game AAA devs forgot how to make.(still in EA and getting better each update)gameplay 8/10content 7/10 (keep in mind its sandbox)replayability 10/10stability 7/10 now closer to 9/10
76561198058699167,Recommended,233860,25593181,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Adoring Fan,"If the Sims and Mad Max had a baby together, which was raised by Japan, this would be the outcome."
76561198091103208,Recommended,233860,11566384,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,1B-15-FirelFox,"This is a pretty kool game if you like to do whatever you want.And dont mind some bugs there and there.Yes there are some big bugs but am pretty sure that they will fix them and i hope more updats will  come out for this game.There is alot that needs to be Fixed,Added,But! this is a great game if you enjoy the feeling of  doing what you want when you want with no missions unless you want to.its just great to many words to choice from to explain this  great game.GET it while its cheap!"
,Recommended,233860,29269923,Posted: 15 January,all,Soren,"荒廃した世界でサバイバルしていくゲーム。現在30人までキャラクター操作可能。キャラは酒場で3,000capから雇える。時々無料で仲間になってくれる人もいるのでお金がなくても安心。初期は街の人が倒してくれた犬の皮を剥いで売ったり、鉄を採掘して売ったりしてコツコツお金を貯める。仲間が増えてくるといよいよ拠点づくりを始めよう！拠点には城壁、門、家、井戸、石切り場、畑、鍛冶場等、色々な施設を作ることができる。また、キャラクターに仕事を割り振る事が出来、自動で働かせることも出来るので便利。採掘した鉄を精錬して武器を作ったり、皮をなめして防具を作ったりもできる。鍛冶スキルが低いうちは弱い武器しか作れないが、たくさん作ってスキルが上がれば状態の良い（強い）武器が作れるようになる。農場で牛と牛専用バックパック（大容量で便利！）を買えば交易もはかどる！技術ツリーを開放するのに必要なアイテムには「本」と「古代の本」等があり、より高度な技術開発に必要な「古代の本」はレアなので、遠くまで旅したり、古代遺跡をあさって手に入れる必要があるらしく、拠点作りが安定してからもやることがあっていい感じ。初期キャラ作りでの注意としては、種族「スケルトン」を選ぶと、一部の勢力からは見つけ次第攻撃されてしまう（その場合も人間を仲間にして人間だけで近付けば攻撃されないので、ロールプレイのためにスケルトンを選びたい人でも大丈夫。スケルトンは治療コストが高いので初期につらいという欠点もあるが……）。マップは十分広く、バリエーションに富んでいる（砂漠、平原、山岳地帯、古代遺跡群等）。しかも現在行くことのできる地域の数倍の広さの未開放地域があるので、将来的にはかなり広いものになるだろう。現状でもかなり面白いので、おすすめです！"
76561198250489318,Recommended,233860,35206735,Posted: 25 September,all,N7TNA94,AWESOME!!!
76561198007555125,Recommended,233860,35209841,Posted: 25 September,all,John Meadow,I need to play this more.
76561198043466744,Recommended,233860,33573092,Posted: 15 July,all,~Baby,"Started as a lone wanderer, wanted to be a swordsman but due to extreme poverty and hunger, became a burglar.10/10 will steal again for food."
76561198038444267,Recommended,233860,35392447,Posted: 1 October,all,Tim from Management,"Kinda hard to get past the learning curve, but once you do, the game just opens up."
76561198046685576,Recommended,233860,29105748,Posted: 7 January,all,Dandelion,"Lags a bit though some is my fault for trying to run it maxed out. My gtx980, 4770k combo is not powerful enough.Will lower video settings tomorrow since the game looks bad even when maxed the loss is negligible.*EDIT*Lowered video settings and the game flows smoother now. Still lags sometimes depending on where you are and what angle you aim the camera... And rain. Rain lags alot.*EDIT END*I mainly spend my time as a traveling merchant RAKING in cash exploring the map. Its fun, though some areas plainly suck. The hive home area has some demon giraffes straight out of hell and the swamp in particular is a waste of map.Played 16 h straight. Went in to the swamp somwhere around hour 14. Funny how one simple decision ruins your life. LEAVE THE SWAMP ALONE. Went to♥♥♥♥♥♥far down south in said hellhole swamp, ran out of food, four companions comatose, my four remaining humanoids carrying them like sacks, my beast of burdens leg HELLA broken moving at a snails pace, near constant stream of nearly invisible red devil ants assaulting us. ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING GIMPDICKLOVING RAPETASTIC SWAMP. Zero visability and I found NOTHING interesting or noteworthy. Will be less of a bother replaying 14 hours than getting out of this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥swamp.Meh, there is a day tomorrow splendidly free for replaying. Now I have the knowledge and wisdom to never enter the ♥♥♥♥ing swamp again. Ever.*Three days later*Learned that you can import saves to a new game, choosing to move your characters o a save location at the same time. This means I just had to press a button to escape the swamp..... No matter, Enjoyed the new beginning.I've now played roughly 50 h of Kenshi. Leared alot there past days, how to play, some of the games flaws but mostly... How to get addicted to a game. I dream kenshi, I think kenshi. If the surroundings are really quiet and all I hear is my own breathing, it whispers ""keeenshiii"".This game has immense potential and is really not comparable to any other game I've played. I'll try to paint an acurate picture of the games feeling and features anyway though.Maybe gameplay wise a bit like Spellforce with the rts elements exchanged by rpg features, like Tes:Oblivions do things alot to become better at them.You can build stuff wherever you want (If you want) with the exeption of already owned sites like cities. In said cities there are apparently buildings for sale that you can buy and furnish to your liking (I haven't found any though).You can trade by buying items and selling them elsewhere at a higher price (Obviously).There are bounties for high rank criminals in which you catch them and bring them to the Police.You can steal and murder, and play the game as an outlaw if you wish.If a certain area is to hard or if you knowingly journey to dangerous places there are mercenaries to hire for a quite frankly abysmal amout of currency.You can recruit additional partymembers mostly through cash though some join free via dialogue (in one case you annoy an old man into joining... made me giggle :P)There is no story yet. Don't know if it will be implemented later or kept as an open world sandbox.Save import feature which means you can loot ruins for gear or upgrade materials all over again.Arguably the greatest thing in the game so far is how the hive merchants run after you screaming for you to stop and trade with them. If you dont stop they give up after a time and  compliment your barganing ability or just say ""Well played"" and walk back. I love this. makes me smile every time.The negative things should include rare crashing, terrible pathfinder and some bugs...  Also in my opinion the south part of the map is a bit... ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Should be mentioned that I haven't explored south west yet. SHOULD ALSO BE REMEMBERED THAT THIS IS IN BETA TESTING. ONLY HALF THE MAP IS AVAILABLE VANILLA FOR NOW.Don't have time to reread and correct, format, and change stuff. or even f....... NEED TO PLAY!"
76561197988468743,Recommended,233860,12882855,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Knightsodyssey,This game reminds me of a fat girl that gives good head.Worth it under the right circumstances and maybe worth going back to if there is a few improvements.7/10.
,Recommended,233860,17698506,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,MsgNinja,I like this game but it need a better tutorial inside the game.
76561198035598726,Recommended,233860,29346108,Posted: 18 January,all,☆Constar☆,this game is real ♥♥♥♥in hard...i must play more...
76561197982765231,Recommended,233860,945786,"Posted: 5 May, 2013",all,Honey Glaze Spiral Ham,"Man this game is addictive, Once you get the controls down it's like a blackhole. You just keep coming back to it.You won't get an experience like this anywhere else which is hard to come by in the gamings industry.Heres a few things I did.I was captured as a slave, on the brink of death i managed to survive and escape, came back later to attempt to solo wipe the entire slave camp.I traveled across many lands to buy and sell, amassing a fortune.I once found an ancient library in the swamp when outrunning spider, hastely picked a lock and closed the door behind myself, saving my life. Only to discover treasure maps and ancient scientific research which helped my empire to be.I hope i get to visit this treasure spots one day.Sometimes I find myself standing at the keyboard playing this game. Knowing at any given moment Some wandering jerks could wipe my miniature empire out,Once I build some walls all my fellow slaves will feel safer. :^)"
,Recommended,233860,22379157,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Darcidiian,get it! a rogue masterpiece!
,Recommended,233860,4955818,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,b_naus,"Humm, what to say about Kenshi. Well it is unlike anything I have ever played, it is a wonderfully unique game that I have grown to love, the world is massive, you can do anything you want, it has eliments of an RTS and RPG which mesh perfectly togeather. Even though it is only still in Alpha and has many eliments to be put in place and bugs to be fixed, it is one of the best and most addicting games I have ever had the pleasure of playing."
76561198125557396,Recommended,233860,13001695,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Dill-Dickels,"Crash Simulator 2015error/10I've been with this game for... a few years, and it is absolutely amazing. My favorite thing to do is build a fortress, abduct bandits, and use them as slave training to make powerful soldiers. But the mere idea that you can capture people, toss them in a cage, and use them gladiator style, can help explain the amount of random things you Can do.RecommendedUpdate 2017, It is still a great game"
76561198034237627,Recommended,233860,17818178,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Flippy,"Kenshi is shaping up to be one of the best games on Steam and maybe one of the best games out. Period.A very ambitious design, Kenshi is real time and looks like these game makers are trying to succeed at giving players squad based combat, base building, base defense, factions warfare and relations, character development and excellent customization, rescource management, serious exploration, rich atmosphere, and in depth game play mechanics like stealth and lockpicking. Thats just to name a few game play elements Kenshi is aiming to offer players. Ambitious or what.Kenshi's story is weak at the moment and there are a few bugs but the updates are rapid, like once or twice a week. Alot is unfinished and buggy, but its in alpha. This is a game that I expect the price to rise when it is launched.Check it out for sure. Theres a free demo even. This could potentially be a 10/10 game some day. Really. As it is now, in alpha, with so much unfinished its easily a 7/10. I expect pro reviews will be just as flattering."
,Recommended,233860,27586729,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kalimah,"First off... EARLY ACCESS!   This has has A LOT of promise.   I've had it for about 2 days now and there is stuff to do but the UI and bugs make me want to wait until they get updated.  I can really see this game going far if the devs keep updating.  If it's true about how this game has been in development since 2009, I think by now it should be a lot further in development than what it is now.  Anyways, game is playable and is kind of fun."
76561197977096861,Recommended,233860,741891,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,TOG Zalzany,"Alright time to update finaly got sound, cannibals, and females in game. Isn't even to .7 yet is playable to a large degree. There are still some bugs running around but it is not a finished game if you don't expect bugs well you haven't played games in the last 10 years. I still remember plain xbox games that had bugs and you were stuck with them, the first time my xbox 360 patched a game I was in awe of the tech, then a year latter I wass annoyed at having to wait 2 mins for bug fixes, that use to be stuck with for life.You can't go solo some bandits for exp instead your running like coward dragging bandits into gaurds, and looting other peoples kills. Or my fave trying to gather enough to kill a trade caravan or at least just the weaker traders, so you can loot their backpacks full of goodies, and once their guards clean up, you look for a bandit leader, strip him naked, heal him pick up and collect his bounty at the nearest town lol.You can now start a outpost early and work on your own little prodution empire, but beware doing so means a lot of running since the start that lets you do so doesn't have any real armor, weapons, or skilled fighters so you will get chased out of your outpost on accasion. Much better to assemble your own team and train in the desert while buying goods low, and selling high between towns. That way you are attached to your men/women there not just worker 1-6 you know them by name.Of course you do end up hireing worker 1-6 still but they are just production fodder, the crew you trained from scratch are their gaurdians and masters, who can work along side them in time of peace. To me it isn't just about making my own outpost and sitting in it waiting for traders to come and buy my goods, its about the adventure, going out of the outpost taking on the cannibals, and bandits. Using the base to research a means to craft high quality gear, and train old worker bees into soliders to assit my core team in picking fights with people who use to mop the floor with me.And next up on the roadmap diplomacy, making it so factions interact with you. Especialy nice for the people who turtle up in the outpost and never leave, they will have to deal with demmands, raids and the nicer things that goes with faction interaction"
76561198004980955,Recommended,233860,12393603,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Petrothian,"BEWARE: Very AlphaBut this got promise to it, especially if you play the experimental verison and see what it can do.the damage system, instead of hps, it locational damage... this has the bonus of more satisfying realistic combat. *I find myself pausing alot just to see what happened to my fighters with every blow made.you start off as no body, and build up everything and everyone around you.it is one of those longer term games that you invest in, but I can say that, is totally worth it.***devs just need to be able to transfer our chars between each build of the alphas to make this a must buy***if you only have 15 minutes to game, stay away,but if you want an epic advanture narrated by yourself though a post apocolytic mad max + japan story<---this is important (I had a blast moving my initital group of people and myself across the wasteland to build their new home. each time someone gets injuried, an buddy have to carry him, slowing down the group.... do I carry on? or wait till he is healed. etc etc)this gives you everything.But yes, very alpha.^dont buy if you don't want to deal with alphas, doesnt interest the you that wants to write a story."
76561198028745316,Recommended,233860,18997903,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,jojobe,"i bought the game on sale. the game is still in development. If you like city building, a little mix of Mad Max and samurai action this is the game for you. All the content and bugs are not out yet  but the game has potential. I cant say its a bad buy because its not. I give this game an entertaining stamp of approval.BOY COULD I EVER BE WRONG! I gave this an excellent review because the game has POTENTIAL but you have to look at the the entire picture. I do believe the story that their is one guy doing everything possibly milking the game, yes i do. When you look at how far the updates are and just dribble nothing major has been done to this game since its release.  If you just want to spend your money on something that most likely will never be completed this is it.They have made some big improvement since the last review the game is coming along slowly but i like what they are doing. Optimization is still lacking and you should not play this game on a lower end computer because demands are great. Once the tech portion is done the game will be awesome. My computer cost more than most peoples cars and the demands are great.The game is still chugging along. My hopes are that they ad immersion factor personalities to game."
,Recommended,233860,23246631,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,caninmyham,"This game is absolutely astonishing. The gameplay available so far is amazing for its current in game state, Despite the bugs and crashes, Thanks to the quick developer responses to problems found in the game.Pro's:Amazing developer feedbackGood ammount of content for the current stage of gameHuge expansions taking place as of currentGood building system, Allbeit a little slow.Good race system, Allbeit a little low in aesthetic options for the newer races.Con's:A crap load of bugs. (Though, They tend to be fixed nearly as soon as they are reported.)MAJOR CPU/RAM hog.Slow paced. (Debateable as to weither or not this would be considered a con.)Somewhat frequent crashes. (As stated, These tend to be caused by bugs that are frequently fixed.)Lower-end graphics. (That being said, It's needed for such a large scale game.)All in all, I'd rate this game a near 8.5/10. While its still in alpha, There are content updates nearly every week from what i've seen, LEading me to beleive that the game itself is well worth the investment to help with the developer's, Er, Development."
76561198040522649,Recommended,233860,28346473,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Elsayal,Whatch this adventure (not made by me) : it's dope and help you understand how the game works...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuM7WtgLl0o&list=PLyKMOxN8DBuLjTJN3d4w4fQoNMyBGE_Jb
76561198038892067,Not Recommended,233860,29618628,Posted: 31 January,all,kaay,"This game was released on Steam in alpha stage almost four years ago.At that time (march 2013) it was already several years in development, and already had been selling on Desura for a couple years.At this time (january 2017) Kenshi has been in development for well over 10 years (the actual start date is lost in the mist of time)This alone wouldnt be so bad if the game made progress, but in its present state the game is much worse than it was on its Steam release in 2013.I spent over 90 hrs on this game in 2013 and it was great fun.The game was rough around the edges and unpolished and unfinished but i didnt care, it offered me 90 hrs of a unique experience that i cant compare to anything i played before or after, it was THAT unique.Fast forward to 2016-2017....Kenshi is a pile of unplayable trash that feels more alpha than the original alpha release on Steam in 2013.The game changed a lot in the last 4 years and not for the better.The positive reviews posted 2-4 years ago are honest, but people writing positive reviews for this game recently, they are either insane, or have a substance abuse issue, or have a hidden agenda.Pretty much everything that was special and good about this game was demolished.I dont know what went wrong and why, i didnt follow the development of this game the last four years, but i recently tried it again after four years of absence and oh boy, what a pile of junk...make sure you keep your refund window open, and only buy on Steam, because thats the only platform that offers unconditional refund.Disregard reviews more than one year old, its not the same game at all, and development has stopped. You dont believe me? Just check the changelogs, the developer pretends to be updating the game, but all he does is switch to and fro between minor changes in stats progression and how items work...Big part of the map is still unaccessible...under development apparently...while the dev keeps switching on and off obscure stat features for the last year or so.....need i say more?Its sad really, some games are weak because of lack of ambition of the devs, this one was destroyed by the excessive ambitions of the developer....regardless, what i see here is the ruin of what once was a fantastic game."
76561198067509583,Not Recommended,233860,18422264,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Pibley,first early access game I bought on steam...years ago. Still not completed.
76561198041325415,Not Recommended,233860,16213276,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,stevegit,"This game has a lot of potential, however I am not sure they will take it on.Early game: Early game last a very long time, partially because it is difficult to get skilled out of early game.This part of the game is boring, repitition and grants no sense of doing anything.  You go find a group of baddies, lead them to town, help the guards fight (if you call it help), loot and sell, buy guys and gear, repeat for hours.Mid game: After you have enough guys, lets say 20 to be safe, you can buy up a bunch of building material, find a spot and start your own town.  Hopefully you can win about 20-30% of the fights by now.  This is where the game starts to get interesting finally.  Unfortunately I started this too soon, unable to actually win most fights makes my 12 guys unable to hold up my base.Short of it:  The game is as grindy as an MMO, but makes winning more difficult at first.  Based on the description, I believe it will become too easy late in game, if I could get to that point.  Thus I believe the mid-game is about the only part with any play value, considering how long it takes to get to that point I would not suggest starting again with a new goal unless you like watching guards grind.With the description by the Developer the world will not change, hense long game you'll be so tough it will be boring from the lack of challenge.  This is why I don't believe the game will ever reach it's potential, and why I cannot recommend it."
76561198062763006,Not Recommended,233860,10780683,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Tiny Rick,"Dreadful. I never write reviews, but I felt I should for this game because i feel robbed.  There's nothing to the game. It's just open space with bad systems.  The inventory system is almost unusable. It looks terrible. It's also much more expensive than it should be. $5 max, and they'll barely back off even for the summer sale. Skyrim costs less than this right now. You'd be crazy to not get that instead."
76561198044159502,Not Recommended,233860,18918860,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,|PLOX| Faraa88,"high promises but nothing is really fulfilled.- game crashes all time- you just walk around in the desert and try to loot people (ok this one depends on the char class you choose, but in my opinion the whole game is about this one thing)- the graphic is HORRIBLE!- i miss my 8€...if the devs ever complete the game try it, otherwise skip this one"
76561198042918560,Not Recommended,233860,11180936,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Nargacuga,"About 60% of this game had great potential (years ago) now is some unfinished pseudo game in which not even walking around in your own base works, this is not the work of a game developer; this is some lazy hobbyist's attempt for a gameYEARS in alpha, glitches everywhere, made on some obsolete ""game engine"", and is just another draft game reaching into the public pockets with their ""early access""Don't waste your time and money with this glitches collectionUninstalled, I even had to add a new category to put this ""game"" in my game library : GARBAGE"
,Not Recommended,233860,16562963,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,RebelMime,"If the worst an early access game can be is hot unplayable mess (0-1/10), and the best it can be is retail worthy gem (9-10/10) - this game currently sits just above interesting shell of a game (3-4/10).I think the potential is definitely there and if you buy games on potential, than it is definitely something you should consider spending your money on, especially if you think the idea of open world games without forced narratives is something large companies should be looking into at least once.  If you like things that you can play, and are optimized, and work well - I would completely pass on this as it stands today."
76561198011754979,Not Recommended,233860,18087136,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,jasonavich,This game is the reason I no longer buy early access.
,Not Recommended,233860,10271412,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Aegon I Targaryen,"I'm going to go and find a group, and then go out into a street and run into trouble so I end up on the brink of death. That way, I will become stronger. Rinse and repeat.Although that doesn't bother me so much, it's the game breaking bugs and regular crashes that do it for me. Considering how long it has been around and how much that has likely been made off of Early Access, I'd like to think that the basic problems would have been fixed first even in its Alpha state.Great concept though."
76561198039646355,Not Recommended,233860,11733576,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Akiflyer,"I like early access, getting involved, helping the dev... and true, I've made some purchases that I regret but this game is up there on my list of disapointment. I was taken by the concept's idea and potential this game has but... it's so early in alpha that it's barely stands on it's legs.It's so buggy and unattractive, even the UI is horrible. Looking at the main menu, it's just as bad as something I did awhile back, and I'm an amateur with no formal training. Development is taking forever with few major improvements to show for it, which is expected from a small team but regretable.The dev should perhaps focus on fixing (and perhaps overhaul) the UI to be more user-friendly, making sure everything is simple and smooth before making additions and balancing. I can't reccomend this at this time given how slow development is aswell which is a shame because the concept is quiet good."
76561198003606363,Not Recommended,233860,10594447,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,EffUrDayUp,simply aweful and misleading. not worth $1 let alone the $20 i paid. run away just RUN
76561198145968660,Not Recommended,233860,16921624,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Spunoche,"At this point I can't really suggest you pay for frustration.  This game is fun, but then the multitude of bugs will either A: crash your game repeatedly  B: decide that, no, your people will be invisible forever.  When the bugs are hammered out this will be a great game."
,Not Recommended,233860,31385411,Posted: 26 April,all,Eluria,"This game is incredibly fun and immersive... when it actually works.It is open access, and with such games I do expect some problems to arise, but this game seems to not work far more often than it does. Posting on the dev bug forum has done nothing either, I am beginning to think they don't even read it.My game has been refusing to launch for almost 2 months. When it was launching, EVERY update was  a hassle to download. Has issues with file permissions constantly, saves go corrupt and won't import, game refuses to launch or crashes immediately upon loading etc.It seems to only be an issue for Windows 10 users, but regardless it completely ruins the game for some of us.I will update my review once I can actually play the game again."
76561198030666168,Not Recommended,233860,13313993,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,OwO,It's really early access.
76561198010265854,Not Recommended,233860,24156059,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Thygod,"Well while the game shows much poteential and does have updates and fixes every now and then I would not suggest this game at its current state, mainly due to personal wierd things happning like logging off everything is peacefull then to log back on to the towns people deciding that I have done something wrong by standing there. Defo one to watchout for just stay clear if you want to be able to play it."
76561198062748754,Not Recommended,233860,17543307,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Obsidian Wolf,"I really wanted to like this game. I liked the concept to it all, however the game falls short due to a distinct lack of well... having anything to really do. The game simply feels incomplete.Pros:Building CitiesRecruiting CompanionsCharacter CustomizationVariety of items, armor, etc...ConsNot much to do: build a city out post, whatever. But there's no real point beyond that. Its like Minecraft in that regards.Combat can be a tad bit tedious.No-story."
,Recommended,233860,13398556,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,it takes two to tango,"Very nice concept, I did rage when my fully levelled fort was gone due to an update a long-ish time ago but I think it is a solid game especially for early access. 9/10 would play again!"
76561198007335453,Recommended,233860,19219716,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Kumorigachi,"It's quite a fun game, and worth the price. Sure its still being made...and sure enemies will sometimes walk over your walls...and your characters have a phobia of keeping the gate closed and will open it when your not looking...but...Despite the bugs its still an awesome game to play. and its team is definitely deserving of more support they've been working on the game 4,or more  years before it hit Steams EA program. and 2 or more years since then .They're dedicated to making the game their 'dream' game so the team is somewhat small. so progress doesn't happen as fast as we'd like but its a quality game.You take on the role of a down an out swordsmen...or sword post really cause..you'll spend the first 60mins getting beaten to death . an if you manage to survive >.> you'll be eaten by a pack of dogs who didn't like you building a house in the middle of nowhere.11/23/2016 : After 300+ hours , i still think its worth getting. It has improved a lot since i originally made this review.it also has had a workshop for a little while now so there are a lot of mods to keep it interesting and make it harder....or easier if you desire.You still get beaten down , an potentially eaten by a giant ostriche but..........thats life!"
76561198023198387,Recommended,233860,25963203,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,_Caball3ro_,"oh yes<<< A great game, lots of potential, I hope it will get better attracting more players, it deserves it. highly recommend it"
76561197973068499,Not Recommended,233860,11874851,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Withering,"The game has a nice idea but its currently feels really empty and has a ton of annoying bugs. The development of the game hasn't been very swift either. Check back in a few years for a more complete experience, currently not worth it's price tag."
,Not Recommended,233860,18409357,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Crawls: Best Broken Legs NA,"i have to be honest here, i do not do many recviews if any, but this game is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥.. great ideas, but not at all good follow through. Everytime i decide to boot up the game and play there is a bug ""like not being able to lookinside my buildings"" or for somereason i cannot pick♥♥♥♥♥♥off the ground..AKA loot.. its always something and every update is always pushed back.. i want to like Kenshi.. in fact i do in some ways, but its so frustrating to play. Also lets have some content added pls... dnt waste ur time or money yet on this game, 1 yr in and not much had changed."
76561198047299176,Not Recommended,233860,15144120,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Wirru Carsonaru,When you build a wall you would think the enemy would stand there looking up at you? I guess all they have to do is run at it until they appear on top of it and Voile! they are running around your base! How much time does it take to get a wall to work properly?
,Not Recommended,233860,14119331,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Birne,"Devoid of Features, this Game lacks a lot of what I take for granted in todays releases (even EarlyAccess). It wouldn't be worth a Downvote because of it's Early Access status, but considering how minimal the development progress is and how many years of development this game still needs, i cannot recommend to pick it up. It's a prototype on it's way to Alpha.When you buy it now and see no real improvement when coming back after one year you see that the game was clearly not ready for any kind of release.The Developers should have started with a smaller project with better chances of finishing it in a decent time in order to get their funding for a bigger project."
,Not Recommended,233860,13783801,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Deadmandancin,Hoinestly I was hoping for more than just to be chased for an hour then instantly killed.
76561197993708942,Not Recommended,233860,15586672,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Dace,"Gave this game a fair shot aannndddd....A vast open and overall EMPTY world, just played a little after giving the dev team over a year to put in the long awaited content which is being labeled as 'potential'seem to recall that the team was working on the communication system over a year ago but for now 99% of NPC's are mute ghost who add nothing of value to the game.Oh there are 'dogs' and they're new since the last time i played. They're hard to kill but don't worry about that because when there are 2 dozen attacking you that doesn't matter anyway. Thats about the most threatening thing in the game right now because the only other enemy to engage are bandits, most of them are stuck on the cliffs around the terrain...not moving.To sum up;Potential= Lots (the reason we all decided to support this Alpha in the first place)Bugs= LotsLag= LotsUnbalanced gameplay= LotsContent= VERY lowProgress= VERY SLOWThis development team really needs to put in some work before this game is even close to enjoyable, at the moment this is the only early access game (Of many) which i've bought on steam were i feel ripped off. :-("
,Recommended,233860,21867999,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Thef,Starts game dosent know what to do decdides to walk into shop near night time murders guard takes stuff. 10/10 would murder again
76561198008655999,Not Recommended,233860,24954683,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,mgm1492,"This game is just too buggy, i have followed all suggestions in the forum but just too much work for not enough return. i can see the potential and would love the game to be great but right now it is a waste of $20"
,Not Recommended,233860,34794912,Posted: 7 September,all,ReZpawner,"It's a buggy mess.It has potential to be a really great game once done, but as of now, you stand a 50-50 chance of things working or not, and if it works in one version, you can probably bet that it'll be broken in the next."
,Recommended,233860,17159003,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Robbo,"To begin, i know there has been some critical negative reviews, and i would like to explain them.The game has been in development for a long time, but when it was on indiegogo in 2012, it raised $2,315 dollars, when they wanted $40,000. So development is not going to be quick until their revenue.Since then, ive seen a vast improvement in the game, the development has really sped up in the last 12 months, as there is now a larger dev team and they can afford to focus on different aspects of the game.Now onto the game itself:Pros:-Game is definitely playable now, with alot to do, and a variety of things to aim for.-Can be modded easily (if so inclined), to increase the content and improve the game, although it doesnt need to be if you dont want to.-Immensely enjoyable, you can start in nearly any situation, as a single guy with a broken arm and a iron club,as a dedicated group of people ready to build a dream city, and plenty of other options.-The dev team regularly react to forum suggestions, and you can often see a direct impact of uploading crash reports.-Only £13-Alot of options of how to play, and there is something to do at the early, middle and late stages of the game. Starting an outpost, building up a core group of fighters, and then maybe even starting a war of sorts with some of the cities.-Everyone can level up in the game, the NPCS will get stronger if they fight, you can get stronger by winning (and sometimes losing) fights.-Nothing is guaranteed. There is a chance, albeit a slim one, that you can beat someone much stronger than you, as long as you get a lucky shot in. But that works in reverse, you could be KO'd by a hobo bandit when you can usually take on 10 of them, if they get a lucky shot.-However, my favourite feature is this: You are not special. You are not unique. If you fight someone stronger like you, you are not going to win very often. When you start, everyone, even the hobo bandits with rags and iron clubs, will easily beat you in a fight. But because of how some character stats work, this isnt neccesarily a bad thing, as by being beaten up, you improve, you build up a defence, and become harder to beat up next time. Fast forward abit, and you can easily kill a hobo bandit.In the view of being unbias:Cons:-Alpha game, so expect bugs, expect the game to lag and glitch out occasionally, and sometimes to crash completely. But by making use of the Autosave function, i've managed to make it so i rarely lose much progress. (I also sometimes use the crashes as a cue to stop playing, since you can get sucked into played for along time.)-Potentially long waits if you are beaten up in a fight, on max speed, i sometimes have to wait a minute or two for my guys to wake up after a knock out, which can get a little annoying, but i guess its a motivator to become stronger and not get beaten up.-Sometimes slow development. As i explained earlier, the development was slow for the first few years, but now due to a big dev team, it has sped up significantly. However, when new features are added, new bugs arise, sometimes making the game unplayable. This is usually resolved within a few days, and is sped up by uploading your crash reports to the forum.I cant think of any more cons. It seems bias, but thats because there are more pros than cons.I hope this has helped you make a decision, and just think: If you're worried about slow development, buy the game, and your money will help to fund it, causing development to speed up.Thanks for your time."
,Recommended,233860,13328450,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Fuji,"I think this game deserves all the support it can get.  In it's current form, there's not too much to do.  It's glitchy.  Sometimes you start off the game and NPCs are sky high and weapons slowly bury themselves into the desert just to make the game even harder.  And dead ally NPCs never disappear from your HUD.  Sometimes you put down an injured ally and suddenly they fly 10,000 meters northwest.  Yet this review isn't supposed to dissuade you from purchasing Kenshi.  These bugs are being thoroughly adressed, ableit slowly, and the creator really seems to have a passion and committment to his game.My opinion is that Greenlight is the worst thing to ever happen to Steam, it's flooded my beloved platform with CRAP.  I'm thankful that Kenshi made it through Greenlight and is one of the few redeeming releases in the sea of turds released from Greenshit.  It looks to be a great RPG, though I have my doubts whether the all the auspiciously planned features will be available, I have full confidence that Kenshi will be a fully fledged, fully fleshed out, vast and enjoyable game.Please buy it, try it, and support the dev team with crash logs.  They seem to really care and try."
76561197987664334,Recommended,233860,16624064,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Eddie Krueger,"Although I bought this game back in 2013, and now it's 2015, so two years passed, the game is still Early Access. But, there are regular updates, mainly bugfixes, so it's not abandoned, and frankly I managed to put more hours in it than in most full, officially released games from big companies. I could not pinpoint why this game appeals to me so, but I think the main reason is that you can build your own town with fifty inhabitants (at least currently), which is more than most of the ingame towns can muster. Furthermore I like the combat, because it feels like combat, and most importantly you don't have to don the heaviest armor to stand a chance. Well, until you get 10-12 points in attack/defense you will bleed a lot, that's for sure, but after that you can hold your own in battle even in Adam's (or Eve's) costume. So, mainly it's the skill of the characters that counts, not their gear, which is the the contrary - fortunately - to most of other RPGs. Of course being well armored helps, but not a necessity.I'm really curious what the game will look like when it will eventually be finished. Until then it still looks like it's a safe bet to buy it, and support the developers."
,Recommended,233860,23991408,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,123,I believe in this game.10/10 because I said so.
76561198069943178,Not Recommended,233860,15365535,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,caseyman93,"very horrible game!!!! Wish i would have never wasted my money on this, and actually if they wanna give me a refund i'd appreciate it.  If you buy this game beware the software designers never update the game, and the gameplay is very dry."
,Recommended,233860,25964215,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,EAMike212,"I remember struggling to survive because the bandits kept attacking me, so i built a wall around my entire base.The bandits then glitched through the walls and attacked me.7/10 Not great but still had fun"
76561198087328376,Not Recommended,233860,15908114,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Ningakilla579,"Okay game, but it's been in alpha for at least two years and has HUGE software requirements; my 5GB RAM can't even remotely run this game efficiently"
,Recommended,233860,17703613,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,g2,"Kenshi DiaryDay 1: Spawned outside of a cliffside city with a small crew.Day 2: Established the outpost not too far from the city.Day 3: Optimism filled the air around us as we were beginning our new lives.Day 4: Approximately 20 hungry bandits raid our outpost. Only two of the crew members make it back to the city.Day 5: One member goes back to salvage as much equipment as he can carry and is able to heal one lucky survivor.Day 6: Optimism filled the air around us as we were rebeginning our lives.Day 7: 20 hungry bandits raid the city. A few guards died and mercenaries had to fight the bandits off.Day 8: Set off for another city until bandits struck the city again. Two members were lost while escaping.Day 9: Made it to a new city, broke into someone's shop at night and attacked shop owner. Mercenaries, guards and citizens aided the shop owner and I was placed into a severe coma.8/8 Would Be Placed Into A Severe Coma Again"
,Recommended,233860,16667270,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Alexander,"I purchased this game over a year ago, and it's been fun to see how the game has progressed. Kenshi has a special place in my heart as it was my first Early Access game, and it gave way to a horrible EA addiction;My personal views on the game:-Being Early Access there are a number of bugs, but the majority of them are so minor as to not be noticed and tend to be fixed quickly. Overall I've only come across one bug that caused me to quit playing, but it caused me to quit for a number of months. Recently however I decided to give it another try, and I'm very happy I did, the work that the Devs have done have been amazing, and the bug had been fixed.-The Gameplay is quite fun, albeit can be slow to get into at the start of a game, and the premise is unique, which I appriciate.-Once the initial slow start was over I found the game to be fairly immersive, creating seperate squads, each with its own purpose, town building, guards, labor, craftsmen, bounty hunters etc.-The Graphic are pretty good, and have improved significantly in the year I've had the game.-Updates can come slowly, but so far have always been worth the wait.Overall, aside from the Early Access bugs, and the occasional crash Kenshi is one of my favorite games, and I highly recommend it, however, as with all Early Access games, if you're looking for a finished game, this isn't it.Overall, I would recommend to a friend,"
,Recommended,233860,13582073,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Happygamer6,This game has come a long way and is continuing to improve weekly. The updates are fairly consistent and the game seems very promising. I am glad to see this game grow. That being said it is a rather dificult game!
,Not Recommended,233860,19855575,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Caucus Flow,Game BSODs like crazy.
,Recommended,233860,15857534,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,M@.Bordered Gaming,I like this game because I don't have friends to play games with me but in this game I can make pseudo-buds in Kenshi and pretend that I have friends to play with me.
,Recommended,233860,23333870,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,NobGobbler,10/10 would get eaten by cannibals again.
76561198046870294,Not Recommended,233860,18898544,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,LEMME SEE YO WARFACE!,It's okay. Still a little buggy and the tutorial is hit or miss.
76561198083484031,Recommended,233860,25101060,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,chazz0715,When you play this game you can tell the amount of effort these guys are putting into it. Kudo's to the development team you've made a real gem here.
76561198037792793,Not Recommended,233860,28614187,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,LATuxedo,"I wanted to like this game. I still want to like it. But dealing with its controls, UI, and lack of direction makes the entire experience feel like a chore. I think this game has potential, if it gets more polished going forward, but right now it's just not very fun."
,Not Recommended,233860,17381746,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Gonzo,">read 3 guides, somewhat similar to each other.>key points were to keep close to guards and loot bandits to get better gear, you get it? good.>>LETS PLAY!>Choose spikey dude,> get improsoned for 30 mins of waiting.>RESTART!>Choose human>Spawn in and walk around a bit, cool.>Leave town in search of looters or anything to chase me.>Find some starving bandits,>RUN BACK TO GUARDS!!!>Run past guards>Pan camera to bandits [....]>>>What happens next is totally disturbing,The bandits ran past the guards, while the guards stayed in guard/patrol mode.The bandits proceeded to slaughter me whilst the guards look.Bandits finish up and walk out,So i waited 1 hour and 43 minutes to recover 1 person, out of the 4 or 5. at which point i said ""This game is the complete oppisite of fun"" and uninstalled it.Also, this plays way to slow.The limb/damage system is absolutely atrocious.I found myself just frustrated over the UI.Help menu was vague and a little helpful.Lack of explaining anything, anywhere.Building was fun, for 5 minutes then it was, meh.In the hours i put in the game i did not find myself at anypoint having fun, or doing anything squad based.This game can ♥♥♥♥ right off please."
,Not Recommended,233860,18920953,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,LimeTree,"게임이 너무 하드하며, 기본적인 설명이나  인터페이스가 상단히 불친절함 전투 형식도 개선이 필요함.게임성은 좋은편이라 할수있다.-문제점-1.전투시스템의 불편함2.기본적인 초반 설명3.UI의 개선"
,Not Recommended,233860,20105205,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,[FL] MasterNoda,"TL;DR: The game hasn't changed much over several years, and is full of game breaking bugs with a UI that leaves the user confused. I cannot recommend the game at this point, and from what I have obversed over the years, I will most likely never recommend it.Bought the game in 2013. I played it a little bit but grew bored of it very quick. The UI was confusing to say the least. The game itself was full of many bugs. Animations didn't look good at all, often looking robotic.Shoot forward to end of 2015, a few days away from 2016. The meat of the game hasnt changed at all. The gameplay gets stale very quickly, I havent even been able to do much due to the game constantly crashing and having so many freezes and bugs that it quickly deters me from even trying to play the game. The UI is very cluttered and not user friendly at all. Animations dont look different.While the game has improved slightly in some areas, I still find it to be incredibly unfinished, which is a shame because the premise of the game is very good, and I would love to play a user friendly, finished version of this, but at this current rate I dont think the game will ever be in a finished state."
,Recommended,233860,19560283,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,6pak,nice!!!
76561198023199052,Recommended,233860,32649948,Posted: 22 June,all,bwup,Awesome game.Only wish there were more mods (A star wars total conversion mod would be epic!)
,Recommended,233860,17356873,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,ManicQuin,"Honestly, I haven't played much of Kenshi yet... just enough to put a group together and get slaughterd by a wandering mob (genius maneuver on my part...picking a fight with the playground bully). Although I haven't invested a great amount of time on it yet, for some reason this game is extremely appealing. I'm looking forward to seeing what it evolves into during its early access phase!"
,Recommended,233860,20984006,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Chief Circumciser,give someone large hands and small feet
,Recommended,233860,23944803,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Agent Trust,"Very fun game, could use some updates. After awhile it can get boring. all in all 8/10"
76561198039856731,Recommended,233860,18385392,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,SmeggyEggyDip,guh
76561198044657862,Recommended,233860,10268111,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Maelfectus,"This game is absolutely obsurd. It promises sandbox game play? yea freaking right.  You are relegated to what amounts to be a 1 hit point character that get mobbed by 8-10 bandits if even think of leaving the city, you have no way to reliably defend yourself, training weapons takes forever! Seriously put your guy on auto attack ona dummy and go to sleep NOT FUN all skills are like that. The camera angles are wonky to say the least numerous buggs are still in effect for example I was returning a bandit leader to the police for a nice reward but they wouldnt take him so I put the bandit leader out and he immediately jumped up spawned some bad♥♥♥♥♥sword and took out the ENTIRE EFFING MILITIA apparently he was unkillable he then spawn camped me and any time i would wake up he would drive his sword through my skull. YAYA SO MUCH FUN! I managed to scrape together some materials and find a nice spot to set up camp but as soon as i did the bandits cam eout and demanded ransom which i couldnt pay and slaughtered my  one tiny shack. I bought this game on sale and its not worth it AT ALL GO SOMEWHERE ELSE even the origianl X-com wasnt this brutal. all your stats start at level 1 and any recruit you get also starts at level 1 so it will take you roughly a week to get any momentum up if you can survive the first 2-3 hours that is if your going to make yoru characters one shot kills to everything you need to have them advnace a lot faster than they currently are or SOMEWAY to buy a mercenary that can take on 12 bandits at a time since all you do at the beggining is run out find bandits run back in train the town guard ont hem then loot thier corpses then walk at a snails pace back with the little gear you CAN CARRY and hope the gear doesnt despawn when you go back or hope the bandits dont wake up and run away.Weapons are worhtless seriously you made a ninja/samurai game WITHOUT ♥♥♥♥ING BOWS??? READ A BOOK YOU IMBICILE!!!! THe game world is to large for how fast you can travel on foot. Desperatley need horses since you know samurai tended to be MOUNTED ARCHERS YOU JACK♥♥♥♥♥ Finding your way around town is difficult some towns dont have every shop and when you cant buy a backpack your well and truly screwed. theres no minimap no directional heading so you cant find your way around easily, shops are incongruously marked, I've yet to survive more than 3 hours without the game bugging out and forcing a restart, so i can't even comment on the whole ""Sand box building mode"" Weapon damage and armor are the most INANE system i've ever seen WTF do these damn numbers EVEN MEAN???!!! THAC0 was ten times easier to figure out than this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥combat ystem.  Guys if you want a city builder go get banished its way better than this. I wanted to liek this game so much....I REALLY WANT TOLIKE YOU KENSHI BUT JESUS EFFING CHRIST ALL MIGHTY YOUR A BIGGER TURD THAN JABBA THE HUT!!!!so reasons NOT to bu this game via bullet point1. Character advancement monotonous, slow, underpowered, and to complex to easily understand2. Slow travel times bog a slow game down even more have fun crawling to town with your loot only to get jumped by bandits and killed.3. A single starting character VS 12 bandits right  off the bat run or die. YOu need to have a party of 8-10 chars starting to even try and survive.4. Unstable gameplay can screw over all your hard work and set you back several HOURS.5. awful camera controls.6. Tooltips?? LMAO WTF ARE THOSE7.NO ranged combat all melee seriously give me a godamn bow go read some japanese/chinese hostory8. ugly ugly ugly graphics characters hover about 2 feet off the ground such lazy programming. Character models are very unrefined and buggy. Often times when using a bed my character sleeps upside pwn with his feet sticking up under the pillow and his head poking into the ground.9. Sand box! you'll never make it there and even if you do you get overrun by bandits so unless you ahve hired 50 recruits dont even think about it. I'm sure it would be just as bad a grind fest as getting your character up to that point. Hmm let me research for 5 hours real time how to craft a SPOON!!!10. Absurd combat system crafted by some demented lovecraftian spawn of cthulu locked in a extra dimensional pocket of agony.11. absolute BARREN landscape you will spend most your time zoomed out to max range watching a monotone brown desert, looking for tiny pixes that resemble bandits so you can run your name close to them and then run away to town having the town guard do your dirty work loot as many things as you can and hope beyond hope you can make it to town again without getting jumped by another 20 fuggin bandits. this game isnt worth 5$ if this was a 2.17$ i'd still be more entertained by wiping my♥♥♥♥♥with the code this game dares to present.If you are looking for a sandbox game go elsewhere. if however you are looking for an INSANE CHALLENGE to both your wits, and patience as a human being then get this game as each bug and each death and each set back will make you tear your hair out asking why the EFF DO I PLAY THIS!!!! The only potential this game has is how far the well of dissapointment goes down. YOu have a choice...YOu can take the red pill or the blue pill......take the blue pill"
76561198046418118,Recommended,233860,13338558,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Hungaryan,Really good.
76561198091601476,Not Recommended,233860,17115766,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Tenchi,"I bought this game shortly after it was released. Please for the love of your sanity do not buy this game, at least not yet. Ignore these positive reviews. Anyone that posts a positive review starting with some lame story is doing nothing but building the hype at thats all it is.You'll spend weeks just trying to get leveled up to be able to fight something and even then you'll still get pummeled. Right out of the gate you can't do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥to anything. All you can do is run through the desert and build your strength or running speed so you can lure enemys to the gates of a town so you can steal their armor and weapons. You can sell it or wear it but it still won't make a difference. You'll have to do this a hundred times before you can afford to even start building anything.Even after all of this you'll still not be able to kill anything, even with a group of hired hands. Moving around is ridiculous. I haven't seen such an awkward movement system since the alpha for ultima online and even they had something better than this. You'll right click to move and nothing will happen and you'll do this several times and still not go where you want your character to go. No W A S D controls whatsoever. The GUI is horrible, the character models and textures are disgusting. I've been back and forth with this game over the years hoping for some improvements but they've done very little. I cannot fathom how such little progress can be made in 3 years. If I look back at what it was then and what it is now I cannot see a bit of difference."
,Recommended,233860,22163418,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,YourPalBlyat,"Its a really fun but challanging game!Pros: It has a good key setting, its easy to start off, and welp FUN!Cons: You or a city gets attacked every ♥♥♥♥ing five seconds, And the Sand bandits drop terrible♥♥♥♥♥♥yet when they attack you you ♥♥♥♥ing die.Overall Yes! 7/10"
76561197988191002,Recommended,233860,31233904,Posted: 19 April,all,bredeus,Lovely game. blessed be the developers ;)
76561198161382179,Recommended,233860,31071064,Posted: 10 April,all,Dead Man Walking,"Just thinkin... if this becomes a ""monster hunter"" thingy with a ""skyrim battle system"" then with a ""final fantasy"" simulator ""MY LIFE IS COMPLETE!!!"""
,Not Recommended,233860,21006790,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Josh,WAAAAAAY too buggy. But very very promising.
,Recommended,233860,25403070,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,ka93.a.a,"Great game, YOU should buy it.The world is big.The mechanics are nice.Most Importantly the team behind it is Awesome.Rate: 9.225/10"
76561198072793384,Recommended,233860,18252810,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Arlo the Big Island,"So what is Kenshi. Well its a a rpg or a base builder or a rts or all THREE!!!!! Its all three with the options at start you can chose to build a base, go around the world by your self or have a crew and fight down gangs. Its like a mad max game with a mount and blade twist on it. Its a lot of fun that takes a lot of micro managing so you can put people with the right stats to do that job and improve at it. I give Kenshi a 7.25/10."
,Not Recommended,233860,17282761,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,secret service 9 roit,this game looks super cool and to tell the truth it is but its not finished hardly even playable needs alot of work and it crashes more then you can even save. alot of ai and skills are broken. takes way tolong to even be able to kill anything should atleast make it so you can level fighting up faster or anything.right now if you get this game you will probaly be doing nothing but watching the screen while trying to build skills hopeing it dont crash or hopeing the random ai doesnt attack you for doing nothing like the police thats so boring. i understand its in early delv but its been out for years wtf. i feel they started out with a really good idea but when the cashflow came rolling in this game has been on pause and noone has cracked down on it in a while.if you notice ive played 27 hours of this game.and i havenot even done more then try to keep it on with out it crashing and my people are not even strong enough to take on a random unarmed person in town. wait and buy this when they finish well if they finish the game unless you like to waste your time. be ready to not be able to kill anything and get knocked out for real life hours waiting for things toimprove but i have not seen any improvementsince ive been playing good luck
76561197974112108,Not Recommended,233860,17974064,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,SpidyM,"I got the demo for this a few months back and it was buggy to say the least. Also felt like a game from 1998.... however I liked the idea for the game and thought id give it a go... Well the full game looked worse than the demo for me.. still the same bugs ( shadows all over the place, glitchy character etc) the controls and camera movement are awful, point and click would seem straight forward but after playing this.....half the time the character doesnt move when you click...some of the textures looked rubbish...(and yes settings are maxed out) all the buildings in main town look the same ..graphics is as i said from a 1998 game...i know graphics aint everything but they could be improved..I also felt the game was boring...no incentive to do anything...wondered about wastelands for ages only encountering the odd sand ninja (and i died lol) ... I know i didnt give the game much time on here.. but i did play the demo for a few hours ...It maybe an early access game but its been worked on for over 2 years and should be much better in my opinion (smooth moveme...especially when theyre charging £12.99 for it! Anyways thats my opinion. Dont buy it, plenty better deals out there that are way more fun"
76561198026774401,Not Recommended,233860,17696554,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Takeo,"This game is like going to a science fair.  You know you will be disapointed but when you see one dude that made a working sizemore gidget that does some quirky thing, you cant stop starring at it!Without question it is a work in progress and I feel it will never be complete but the hrs I played it were a pleasure.  I cant suggest you buy this, it is experimental, meaning it was a homework project, but I found it a bunch of fun.DONT BUY, but peak at it if you can....LOL."
,Not Recommended,233860,20717741,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,GrandSepha,"Cool concept, execution is a little weak so far. The sense of scale is terribly off. Perspective, camera control, and controls in general are off. RTS controls are fine if you are handling multiple characters, but if you are handling just one character (as in some game modes) the controls are not intuitive."
,Recommended,233860,18319976,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,UncelebratedBIG,
76561198071089491,Recommended,233860,9317003,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,★ Dannyb143 ★,Really good game
76561197972698208,Recommended,233860,10224824,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Lord Inquisitor,"This game is created by an actually dedicated indie developer.  He listens to the community and has a lot of drive to finish this game unlike many other ""indie"" devs who simply cash out on their ""games"".  It is a combo of rts and rpg that stands head and shoulders above the rest of the indie devs as well as AAA companies.  He has my support."
76561198110183031,Not Recommended,233860,16058825,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,femmfa,"Number 1, I happen to really like this game.  I purchased this game in Oct. 2014 and have spent over 318 hours trying to play it.  The constant crashes are the biggest complaint I have.  This game used to be semi playable and would stay operational for a couple of hours.  Sure it has been buggy with people sticking in walls and getting stuck inside buildings, etc., but it was playable.I do not know why the crashing problem has not been addressed but has been constantly ignored and instead other content of the game keeps getting added.    I stopped playing for a couple of months and waited patiently hoping that this problem would be taken care of in one of the patches.I have deleted all content and have reinstalled this game at least 2 dozen times.  Two days ago I decided to try and play again.  I reinstalled the game AGAIN so that all content would be new.  It allowed me to play a couple of hours then the crashes started once again.  On one crash it deleted all saved games and even the autosave game.I don't even mind my characters running backwards, I actually find it amusing and it doesn't stop them from operating machines or doing other duties assigned to them.   I check the integrity of the files and I seem to be losing 1-4 files every time after each crash.  Today my average game play time is 22 seconds before the game crashes.I really want to play this game, but 22 seconds between crashes is very infuriating even for someone with as much patience as I have shown towards this game."
,Recommended,233860,31594076,Posted: 6 May,all,AsianBoi,"While I do like the overall concept of the game I cannot enjoy this game at all. The performance I is destroying everything. With textures set on 'high' and resolution in 1080p and everything else on minimum I get 11fps. The game is installed on a SSD and rig got an i7-7700k and a GTX 1070.However, I still recommend this game because it needs more attention."
,Recommended,233860,22864115,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,"Shado, Rebel of Executivity",Become the ultimate swordsman and take over the world. You probably won't. You aren't special. You don't deserve anything. But you can try.
,Recommended,233860,25839332,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Revenge,My char died in a few minutes......I LOVE IT
76561198078369976,Recommended,233860,21829608,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,xxjake,10/10
,Recommended,233860,15051076,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Viking,"This, is a game with great potential, I believe it could have been made better.Here are my ideas.Thirdperson view & firstperson like skyrimDayZ control schemeWhy my idea's should come true.The thirdperson view would be a great idea instead off runescape bird's eye view, I hate that idea, along with anyone who came up with it.The control scheme from DayZ would also be amazing for searching and sprinting.Oh, I also forgot. ADD ONLINE!"
76561198021255877,Recommended,233860,13557192,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Political suicide,"Don't have much to say other than it is a great game, playable in Early access (Unlike most other Early access games) and I can only see the game getting better over the next few months"
,Recommended,233860,13614987,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,W0KE,It's a wonderfull open world rpg. Go nuts.
,Recommended,233860,9171572,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,CdrGrimReaper,"Very refreshing and entertaining change of pace for me. This, IMO, true sand-box game is well rounded and very rewarding if you put some time into playing the game."
76561198154333235,Not Recommended,233860,16997861,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,chris.herrin50,game will not load
76561197987593060,Recommended,233860,15846118,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Stan,Very fun and unique game. 10/10
76561198165532708,Recommended,233860,15569946,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Pivot740,Very fun game even in it's early state.10/10 would get my a** handed to me by desert ninjas again
76561198104828653,Recommended,233860,33801788,Posted: 25 July,all,Josh_Gucci,A game where you can do anything with a squad of goons you put together yourself.  I don't know about you but that alone sold me on this game.
,Recommended,233860,15250243,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Rin The Blade,"I tend to stay away from most Alpha and Early Access titles as most of them are just scams to get your money and run away with it, but Kenshi is one exception to that rule (hope i spelled that right) they are trying their best (albeit slowly) to deliver upon what you paid,and hopefully this game with shine gloriously in 2016."
,Recommended,233860,15890972,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Jackh1,A single sand ninja jonin took on my 10 recruits. I now need 10 more recruits. 11/10 would happly send those guys to their deaths again.
,Recommended,233860,26367738,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,GameOnSon,"Awesome game, seriously good and lots of fun. It's got everything and with a few more polishes it will be one of my top!"
76561198044307473,Recommended,233860,26368465,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,sickafiq,this game is good at its current state. as of now i have almost comb the entire area this game had to offer. the only thing that could made this game better is if they could actually finished the rest of the game. id give it a thumbs down but i desperately hope they finished the game.
,Recommended,233860,21574455,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,bumbumbym,I recommend it.
76561198063422063,Recommended,233860,11333420,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,⚔♗ROGUE♗⚔,This is a new fresh game to the Genre i like its a very intence game some points get hard whilest others easy it all depends on the path's you choose donzens and dozens of armor/weapon choice's this is a game that brings the challenge testing you when to strike and when not to strike no errors no bugs a very good healthy Early Access
76561198021992691,Recommended,233860,23763739,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Bob O,Good game with a lot of promise and an honest developement team thats very active and making good choicesLookin forward to playin it when its finished. still its been worth the price already
76561198037480755,Not Recommended,233860,17773505,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,smh5003,"This was one of the very first games I ever bought in Early Access.  This game is part of the reason I avoid early access games like the corporatist plague they are. Raise Money! Fund Raising! Pump the Hype! Delivery at Minimal Cost! PROFITS!!!!!I am really sorry to see that this is becoming the norm for retail video games as it has become the norm in so many other aspects of our lives. Kenshi (and countless early access games now), is result of this system... The owners have no technical or legal mechanism to force them to complete the game in a quality or timely manner, and they have already had their money grab thanks to to Early Access and Steam.This game looks almost identical to what it looked like years ago when I bought it. Very little has changed in development. The question of whether or not is has ""potential"" is an excercise in futility when something has been around as long as Kenshi has.  The world is empty, there are no quests or missions, every NPC is identical with the exception that a few of them start the game hostile to each other. There really just isn't anything here, and until the game is released and the reviews start to change, iI would avoid this like a waste of money it is.You will probably get 10-15 hours of playability out of it in its current state. This is about how much time it takes to run through the research tree, level some characters, and get some production going.  Over the years as it has been updated modestly i have done a few play throughs (I refuse to not get my money out of it)."
76561198066019974,Recommended,233860,32682073,Posted: 23 June,all,ilyazar95,An amazing game that throws all 'a powerfull hero' ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t out the window
76561198121188858,Recommended,233860,9158338,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Mojo Jojo,Very fun and addictive game keep the content coming i cant get enough !
76561198030841614,Recommended,233860,31851748,Posted: 19 May,all,RumbleCat,Absolutely unique. RPG/Basebuilder. Wish there were more games like this.
,Recommended,233860,31830047,Posted: 18 May,all,kaytondajinree,after 30+ hours in the game I still feel like I am scratching the surface of it.
,Recommended,233860,29048831,Posted: 5 January,all,ISN,Challenging!
76561198169544042,Recommended,233860,25991998,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Tyetom,Great game !! Still has some flaws but I really enjoy playing !!  Also If you have not seen Biscuit Dogs lets play please go watch!! its great stuff !!   I will post a link.https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyHqMUoKEE3O5PIv1_yaGSA
76561198010762793,Recommended,233860,9244265,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,BizzyBeast,"This game is fun! Why not recommend it then, right? Well its because its not quite ready for general playing. After building a town you realize none of it really has a purpose yet. Thats fine, but it gets super boring. Economy isnt fully functional yet either, 10 minutes is enough time to abuse trade for a fortune, THEN build a city. Im too sad after playing it to explain anymore, dont forget this game, just dont buy it yet.EDIT- The time has come to re-review this game and it has made huge leaps into being what it claims- an open world sandbox squad based RPG. So many new options for building. Still have a rough a tumble problem, were just starting out you get rocked for a good while. Then suddenly youre the butt kicker. The base building is so much bigger now, after not playing for like 8 months. The game seems so much better. Its time to finally check it out!"
76561198010393391,Recommended,233860,30857122,Posted: 31 March,all,Trin,"One of the most fun and epic games I have ever played, I have taken many breaks awaiting the long time release of the game, but everytime I come back to it  it is improved and many more things to do and explore.. top 10 best game ever for me."
,Not Recommended,233860,26721173,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,CaptainJuicy,"I'm a die-hard fan of both RPGs and colony sims/DwarfFortress type games. This, in its current form, is far too buggy and clunky to be worth $20."
,Recommended,233860,18077791,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,ForgeDrake,"0.75 ReviewFirst off this might be a early access game but it has a solid game already their. A strange mix of swordpunk a sprinkle of post apoc in a middle east / asian inspired sand world. Recruit up to 30 labors, engineers, medics, or fighters to build a caravan or a city all your own. While all npcs can do any job without skills they will die allot. I do enjoy the fact youcan train any npc up by working even labors can become solid fighters with time.ok so lets break it downProgreat mix of rpg and tactics in a sandbox environmentcombat is solid if a bit random at timegood mix of commands for npcs includeing picking up wounded team mates and carrying themgetting beat by roaming bandits isn't always a death sentence as KO members take time to die and can be patched upgreat settingmany starting settings for more rp or sandbox feelconsome glitches with pathing become very confuseinggame will randomly stop working time to timegraphics sometimes bug outcombat is very tough early on this could be a con for some though I enjoyed running for my life then getting revenge laterall in all I'd give the game a solid 4 outta 5 and would buy it again"
,Recommended,233860,12194152,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Easelm,"Great game in my mind. I played this when I first saw it a year or so ago, received a bit over 20 hours played and stopped until they had more content put into it. After recently coming back, it is just amazing in its current state. Given there's a few issues, it still amazes me that they are working very hard.Kenshi allows you to create what you call a ""faction"" or for short a ""clan"" some people might say. Recruit men, turn them into fighters, brewers, cookers, farmers, laborers, medics or just about anything you want them to be. Travel, build your base, research tech and grow as a community. Endless possibilities.Given it is RTS like (overhead camera, click to move a unit, etc), each member of your faction has stats. These stats determine how good they are in certain fields of expertise. You have engineering, science, athletics and many, many more to pick from. It is very important to keep a certain amount of your members to have high skill points in more than one skill, that way you can switch them when needed without waiting a long time for them to finish a certain task.I'd recommend this game if you're looking for a strategic RPG with a lot to do."
,Recommended,233860,16119097,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Maaru hellcase.com csgoroll.com,GOTY
76561198030531719,Not Recommended,233860,25910403,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Kibo,"Not recommended unless you like copious heaps of trial and error and save scumming. You start out unable to kill a puppy. Haven't tried the other modes yet, but the experience marketed as the default experience should not have you be so helpless. You shouldn't start out 6 levels lower than a peasant if your backstory is that you've been wandering around for a while."
,Not Recommended,233860,14084765,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Slavophile,"I bought this game in the Steam Summersale 2013. I played it for a while and discovered that it was an unplayable mess, even for an alpha. 18 months later I tried again, thinking that maybe some of the bugs have been fixed and that the game would have some interesting content instead of just an empty desert. I don't know what the developer(s?) did between those months time, but actually trying to make a game was not one of them. Virtually no progress had been made and I am convinced that this junkheap of a game will never ever actually be anywhere near finished."
,Not Recommended,233860,11355944,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,edfathead,Great Concept but development seems dead in the water. Last Update over a Month ago. Note to developers: Just leave a message every now & then at least so people kow your still interested.
,Not Recommended,233860,9601778,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Apathy,"For now its a game with a lot of promise but a long way to go.Many details of the game have yet to be fleshed out, and there is very little guidance on what to do.I'm not saying ""Don't get this"" im just saying it might be a better idea to wait until a full release.There's nothing here now that makes it worth the price.Its a strange Mad Max version of Samurai style wild-west sandbox single player party play with the possibility of building your own ""base.""  But for now, its just the bare bones of what might become a great game."
76561198007136195,Not Recommended,233860,9678257,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,DaveRN1,"This game has a cool concept..... on paper. When you are finally able to play this game it Crashes NONSTOP. SAVE EVERY FIVE MINUTES. There really are only TWO jobs to do in this game. Build a city using blocks or run around and get killed by groups of enemies. I know this game is in alpha, but games like this make me never want to buy early access again. The updates are so slow that it feels like the dev said thank you for your money now♥♥♥♥♥♥off. I do not recommend this game at its current state, and even when its complete at this rate I would not even recommend it then either. Save your money, buy something else."
76561197982727216,Not Recommended,233860,15410965,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,alanisman1,"Kenshi is a sandbox, open-world game where you can theoretically ""do anything"" however there really isn't much to do at this point.  There seems to be a lot of potential with this game but I found myself lost and bored rather quickly.  I haven't played it for very long so I will update review if anything should change.PROS+ Many skills to improve+ Lots of craftable buildings and items+ Faction system seems promising+ Building your own base is funCONS- Huge world is virtually empty- Interface needs improvement (can't read half of it)- Towns are bland and uninteresting (most NPCs say the same thing)- Inventory management sucks (one piece of armor made of rags takes up HALF of my inventory?!)- Huge learning curve with very little tutorial info (and no tooltips)- Moving characters while manipulating camera is a pain- Game clearly plays like an Early Access title (obviously unfinished)"
76561198036503983,Not Recommended,233860,9338310,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Stupidfaggot,I love hitting a table for 3 hours it is so fun
,Not Recommended,233860,8822669,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Suntzu Dota,"Not worth the 20$ in my opinion, i've tried to play this game as much as i can but the bugs and glitches just ruins it for me and alot of times i save and open up the saved files and find my character just stuck there not just the bugs the placement of some buildings is way off and makes me unable to reach it... updates are comming very slow and instead of fixing these bugs it just adds more content."
76561198042361378,Not Recommended,233860,14697894,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,richard499,"This game reminds me of a skit I once saw from a television show on IFC. I believe the show is called Portlandia, and the sketch was Bicycle Movers. A lady calls movers to get her moved into her new house, so that she can sell the old one, and two people show up on a tandem bicycle pulling a toy red wagon. The lady grows increasingly frustrated as she continues to pay both mortgages, her items get broken, and they even move her things to the wrong house. All the while,they keep giving the excuse that they are bicycle movers and trying to sell her on the concept that they are somehow  the best choice. The are hip, independant, and cutting edge alternative.This game does precisely the same thing. It sells you on the idea that it is ""Hip, Indie, and Cutting edge"" It says its a squad based RPG, and in early access. When it arrives, you realize it isn't even playable, and things continue to get worse. All the while, nothing ever changes and when you ask why it is still in alpha after two years, people keep telling you how this is a, ""One man dev crew..."" and ""it will be everything you ever dreamed once its finished"". The problem is that both the experimental and main versions are essentially unplayable most of the time, and even when they are, there is nothing to do but wander around aimlessly getting in fights. Fights which by the way, you have little to no control over.The excuse of this being a one man Dev team is absurd. If that is the reason for this being in perpetual alpha, why isn't there a warning about that in big bold letters above the game page? No such warning existed when I purchased it! I don't care how great a craftsman someone is, I don't want one person building me a house by himself. Life is too short for such nonsense. Besides, from what I have seen, this game doesn't come anywhere near delivering what it promised it would. I hate to break it to the developer, but he is not a great craftsman, and this game is begining to border on being a scam. If this were something that no one but a great visionary could achieve, I could at least understand going it alone, but it doesn't look like the vision is much more than an occoasional passing interest on the part of the developer. I for one think refunds need to be issued to all who purchased the game. At this rate, the developer, and the rest of us, will be dead from old age before the game is completed.  Or better yet, try to sell the idea to a company who can get it finished. Either way, it is clear this game is taking to long to develop. By the time it gets anywhere, technology will have changed so much that it will look siilly and cartoonish. Of course it already looks silly and cartoonish."
76561197996429575,Not Recommended,233860,9210867,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,SandGoggles,game with tons of potential very fun. Now the bad it just crashes constantly crash crash crash sometimes every 20 minutes sometimes every 10 if they would just focus on the crashes i think i would recommend this game even in its early development state to everyone.
,Not Recommended,233860,11387503,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,TheSinnersCreed,"I spent 2 hours getting use to the game, checkig out minor features and capturing my first bandit leader... then I forgot I owned it. Meh.EDIT: I went back to see how the game has improved since I first reviewed it and wow, so horrible. I started out as a Wanderer, basic RPG style I was like ""Okay, let's see."" Made a hap-hazard character and BAM! Into a town in the desert I go. Then, it was the war of the camera angles and rotation and direction and ... this game has the balls to have a DLC out when it's not even working properly to begin with. Skip it, go buy something else. I'd get a refund if I could."
,Not Recommended,233860,8928121,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Iron Leonem,"Admittedly I only played about an hour of the game, but hear me out.Kenshi's early game is extremely painful. I understand the game is supposed to be bleak and hopeless, and it's post apocalyptic, but the early game is boring and long. Every guide I've found to this game revolves around one theme: ""DON'T GO FIGHT THINGS. LITERALLY ANY ENEMY IN THE GAME CAN KILL YOU 1v1."" I gave it a shot though, and died horribly. Then I played the way the game told me to: Wait for a patrol, tag along, find lewt, sell lewt, buy better gear.It was half an hour for the patrol to finish on the fastest speed, and I had a slightly (.1 better damage) better sword, and half of the requisite money needed to hire a new guard.Enemies are hard to find, the map is difficult to navigate, and the early game is uneventful. Eventually I'll give this game more time, but honestly it doesn't catch me as early as a game should. I'm not super motivated to find more content. I hear the game is ""Deep"", and that the crafting is rich, and you can build your own town. Just how much of the boring roaming through featureless monotonous landscape hoping to find corpses do I have to endure before I get to the fun stuff?If you want a squad based game, I hear good things about Banner Saga. If you want strategy, look at Starcraft II, or Novus Aeterno on the horizon. So near as I can tell, this game isn't worth the twenty dollars."
76561198036997440,Not Recommended,233860,21865959,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Loli Fondler,"The game just isn't finished enough for me to recommend. It feels like it's missing 80% of it's content, and right now there's just not a whole lot to do."
76561198078123819,Not Recommended,233860,25844914,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Abdiel,"Sadly, I had to request a refund, the first refund I request ever actually. I have a decent pc (CPU: AMD FX-8350 AM3+ @ 4.0Ghz, GPU: GeForce® GTX 1060 G1 Gaming 6G  and 16 gigs of ram) and the game was running at like 10-20fps. I don't know why seriously. I really wanted to play this game and like it, but for the very first time, I will be getting my money back."
76561198010914215,Not Recommended,233860,26451109,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,iavatus,"Still waiting for a game in this somewhere. It's not a bad program, as it stands - looks kinda cool, the dudes can do interesting things in a potentially interesting setting. Just, beneath the desert garb there's a skinny undernourished engine.The sum of all there is to do, aside from (alpha level, and expected) crash, glitch, bug and loading, is run around a bland, have my group perform a ninja dance and run on to the next dance performance with limps and loot, hopefully with the shoddy path-finding not dropping someone from the running.Trade? Minimal, and tiny profits, with a static supply/demand - this town will always be a place to stock up on armour plates cheaply, and offload steel bars at a profit .City building? Dull slog, with little to do aside from wait for more resources to be mined.Exploration? Empty desert, becomes empty swamp, becomes empty grasslands.IMO, combat the area that Kenshi is pretty good at making visually appealing (even if combat is largely moving towards the enemy, and letting a hands off free-for-all happen) is a means to an end - to produce opportunities and increase what I can do in the game. Being able to take on tougher groups of bandits just makes the ninja dance more difficult, not more interesting. A tough group can take on a town, and receive little opportunity or satisfaction.There's a lot of promise in the game, there's a lot of interesting things that need some work to become engaging. But there's not a game worth playing. Yet. So, I see why people are burnt/have been burnt out by Early Access, because even when the game is finished in however long, I've played the demo and rarely enjoyed it.Refund? No way. Well worth the price of it on sale, or for someone absolutely okay with a gamble on it clicking with them, despite the flaws mentioned. But with the reason of  'supporting the developer' or expecting to play an enjoyable, engaging game? Best find something else."
76561197965928117,Not Recommended,233860,17696348,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,KristerA,"There is no justifying that stuff takes time to fix, I bought this game several years ago and almost no progress at all. Seems like there is one person working in weekends alone on this game, Nelson Sexton (a kid going to school) develop his game at light speed compared to this. Dont buy until they get their fingers out of their butts and start working on the game..."
76561198042289187,Recommended,233860,7899508,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Kjarvalur,wowsuch mongolianMuch slaughter
,Recommended,233860,7776925,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Mordafrem,5/5 bretty good. 2/5 gets bland.
76561198005220043,Not Recommended,233860,34541403,Posted: 27 August,all,arakinas,"This game has a pretty steep learning curve. There are a lot of mechanics that I enjoyed learning and trying to play with to get it to work the way I wanted. This should not be in early access though. This is an alpha game. It crashes constantly, there are a massive number of bugs. I attempted to register on their forums, but first, the website is insecure, and second when I attempted to contact the administrator because I couldn't login, I never received a response. There is some good potential, but there I would not expect this to be even beta worthy."
76561198033196611,Not Recommended,233860,17280784,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Colton Grundy,Gam is not worth it right now there is just isnt any thing to do or a real way to telling players  how to do any thing
76561198128699369,Recommended,233860,28349849,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,CaptMorgan,Kenshi is a phenomenal game.
76561198124394677,Recommended,233860,31921484,Posted: 23 May,all,Donald Trump,Make the Desert Great Again.
76561198002355790,Not Recommended,233860,19204927,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,bananaSplif,early access forever
76561198156517958,Recommended,233860,23780865,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Wastelander117,This game is great i cant put it down i had it for about a month. I cant wait for new updates it reminds me of skyrim but in a steampunk japan. Its to fun the fog zones are the coolest astpect in the game by far and make me want to cry tears of joy everytime i open up the game.10000/10 would play forever!
76561198008389701,Not Recommended,233860,24954395,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,doggz1999,compatability issues and some missing essential programing.
76561198065169831,Not Recommended,233860,10244868,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,vaticanhellhound,"It is a game in alpha, and plays and feels like a game in alpha."
,Not Recommended,233860,18981571,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Teleprovider,"You are going to get fustrated, and I'll tell you why.The recruitment for your town is unbalanced. But wait... that not why.The patch and fix is slow. But wait... that not why.The game is repetitive. Close! But, that not why.Because in all version of Kenshi, you always have bad pathfinding Ai issues non-stop and have to be micro-managing your group of herd back and forth, healing and dealing with Kung Fury of Ai."
76561198060802895,Recommended,233860,31117060,Posted: 13 April,all,Leif,Pretty good
76561197980704422,Recommended,233860,13562097,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Laisture,Kenshi is stil in it's early phase and I can't say anything but that I love this game. It is sandbox in it's best form and I simply can't wait for the final release!
76561198079644729,Recommended,233860,22490484,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,[BURNT] Bacon,cool
76561198072439421,Not Recommended,233860,14360282,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,sir_walksalot,"When I played this, it was too buggy. However there may be hope for it in the future."
76561198016254107,Recommended,233860,29005137,Posted: 4 January,all,Secretsniper,"this game is fantastic and i love every playthrough, the only thing i have against this game is that all my friends and i wish it was coop at least. gameplay is smooth and the graphics are amazing considering the depth and size of the game thats out so far.in my opinion this game is worth the money as there is more than just 1 way to start it ranging from solo, a group of traders, a man with a badass sword or my fav, a man and his dog. looking forward to what comes next and i really hope that if there is a sequal to this that is has coop so i can mess with my friends"
,Not Recommended,233860,24932203,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,mr.viruS|#[           ],Had this game for like 2 years now.... Dont think its that good tbh.
,Recommended,233860,10247966,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,OOO Waa ah ah ah,"Bad game. Not worth any of your hard earned money. MAkes me sad to think they can make a profit off of this piece of sheet.Slap on a name, chuck it up as early access, make ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s without doing the hard work."
76561198079229568,Recommended,233860,29497111,Posted: 25 January,all,Steve226,"Spawnedwalked into a city talked to some people, got a weaponstayed the nightdecided to trade some materialsstarted to walk to another citycannibals found mei became human burgers11/10 would become burgers againEDIT: i tried to ride a desert turtle, the desert turtle did not like it"
76561198035833924,Recommended,233860,29611771,Posted: 31 January,all,Asparagus986,What a beautiful game! ☺ Every sunrise and every dawn is more worth than the price. - Searching  the best RPG? - Buy it!
,Recommended,233860,9076732,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Kane2k (fin),is good
76561198045969703,Recommended,233860,33195992,Posted: 3 July,all,Pussy Popping no Jutsu,Mined for two days straight. Got jumped by some wierd oversiezed spider thing and was eaten alived until i died from starvation. 10/10 would starve to death while biend eaten alived again
76561198103631267,Recommended,233860,31199781,Posted: 17 April,all,EllhnMakedonas,Good game so far....
76561197978478659,Not Recommended,233860,16052621,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,don_teridon,interesting game but it has been on alpha for Loooooong time now
76561198180370134,Recommended,233860,33652609,Posted: 19 July,all,Agent Juice,👌
76561198038866295,Recommended,233860,30350365,Posted: 5 March,all,Brulis [Qc],"Pros:- RTS- RPG- Base Building- Items / Weapons / Armor crafting- Buy House in Existing City- Open Shop- Lots of Trade- A whole lots of Faction- Build your base / City / Empire- Hunting / Bunty Hunting- Survival game- Recruit mans or woman / control them all- Become a Slave- Escape from slavery- Steal and get more money- Mine for materialCons:- Some minor bug- Not finished yet (but close too)- A bit hard (Save often)- Lots of trees / wood construction... but can't collect wood, everything need rock / iron / copperAnd many, many more things to do. Lots of things that I have not seen yet. I absolutly love this game, played 13 hours in 1 day.Highly Recommended !Ps. Sorry for my poor english"
,Recommended,233860,15413428,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Kolby,Got eaten by canibals 11/10 would play again.
,Recommended,233860,18920234,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Stephenbarzz,"Theres so much you can do in this game and be whoever you want and start off as anyone, its a slow process but worth it."
76561197981984185,Recommended,233860,23492911,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,XRsyst,"Three words:Post apocolyptic kurosawaOther reviews are more eloquent, but those three words sum it up."
,Recommended,233860,29438740,Posted: 23 January,all,Ultra Bobacus,Taking a nap in the street gets you randomly enslaved. 10/10
,Recommended,233860,9144640,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,VoiD,"It's not a complete game but it has potential, more potential than most AAA games out there, as it is now it's already an enjoyable game even though it has many missing features and very basic elements.Don't miss out on what could become the best game of the decade."
76561198011827366,Recommended,233860,13299691,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,will,suprisingly fun.
76561197961643129,Not Recommended,233860,15461363,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Pub Heroes - b0niK,"Save your money. There is absolutely no gameplay in this game.Combat is right clicking, sitting back and watching, there is no challenge or skill, just grind.It's advertised like a samurai mount&blade with base building. What it really is, is a barrel landscape with nothing to do.99% of the map is a barren mountainous desert with no features besides towns you can visit. You start out with a weak guy, and then you decide what to do from there. Maybe appropriate for people that play D&D or minecraft, happy to pay money for a blank slate for you to paint your own picture. But if you've paid to be entertained, you would get more value out of a chocolate bar.I promised myself never to buy into alpha games, after getting ripped off buying towns, now I remember why. This game is the next abandonware project I've mistakenly paid into thanks to an impulse frontpage 40% off sale."
76561198030893408,Not Recommended,233860,23547164,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,joestevensus,Ugly as sin. Buggy with many crashes. The control system is not intuitive. It seems like you spend 97% of the game clicking the right mouse button. You need to search the internet for help with figuring out the most basic things. It feels like the game's developers had never actually played a computer game made since the year 2000 or seen a modern user interface.I suspect that if you are willing to fight your way through it is probably an interesting building / squad game. Frankly I just don't have the time to go back to the old days of gaming where figuring out how to play the game was half the battle. If you want to play this game be prepared to put in 100 hours.
76561198032047535,Not Recommended,233860,12040280,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,ShinobiX,"I do not recommend anyone buy this game as it is now. I will say the concept of the game is great but I see little action going in manifesting these concepts into a great game.UPDATESIts been half a year now since there was an actual update. April 14th was the last true update there was one or two more that are in the experimental version only, but the game has so many bugs in the ""stable version"" that I would be hard pressed to attempt to play it any other way. I dont believe another update will ever come, but when they do they are normally small and feel much more like a fix patch than an actual update.My belief is that this game is going to go down the road of many starter games and the developer will stop altogether and move on. You may feel you got your money worth, but personally I expect more from a developer. I will say just recently the developer talked of some plans, but being that I have seen nothing since April come from these plans makes it nothing more than talk.In summary, if you like the concept and think it will eventually pan out then pull the trigger. However before you do, ensure your ready to wait a very long time before its completed."
76561198180920545,Not Recommended,233860,22257583,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,The Jaberwock,Promising but atm I cant recommend it. It sounds like it'll get there but as of now im requesting a refund
76561198116238684,Not Recommended,233860,21689388,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,tkstrider,"brutally unbalanced and broken. Do not buy, at least at the time of this review. The game doesnt seem to have any direction and the devs have done practically nothing to change or fix this."
,Not Recommended,233860,13260175,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,vtolegend,I've owned this game since its release and its shown little improvement. The constant bugs involving the wall defenses are pathetic. I've had this game for over a year and they still dont work properly!! God i wish i could get a refund on this piece of JUNK!!
76561198215461792,Not Recommended,233860,25987468,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,rubyismycat,This COULD BECOME a fantastic game if its ever finnished but in its current state its really not worth playing.I would like to say that what chris the one man and his dog developement team has achieved is amazing but right now this isnt worth your money unless you want to help Chris feed his dog.
76561198058956145,Not Recommended,233860,11837541,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Pandaforous,"Fun game, if it wasn't almost unplayable from all the bugs it has. Early access is an understatement."
76561197993565945,Not Recommended,233860,11435104,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Mousebread,too big and boring
76561198009163213,Not Recommended,233860,11078480,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,redzone2003,"this game looks like it could be a good game, but too many bugs and not enought fixes.  yea its early excess but a base game should be playable before a dev adds things to the game. posted questions on forms and got someone who had no idea about what goes on when making a game."
,Not Recommended,233860,10244415,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Wyatt,Not very good. I think i wasted my money
76561198107852779,Not Recommended,233860,8932310,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,savagedbel,"Crashes a lot, a blank world of desert, lots of potential, save your money for now it's pretty lame. Once you get past the looks and glitches you say ok maybe I can play this game. THen it crashes and you loose any progress...save your money."
76561197971356884,Not Recommended,233860,9974577,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,[R22R]Sdt-DIES3L_1977,i hope something playable one day!!!!
76561198040490174,Not Recommended,233860,14985164,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,gentleichi,"I tried. But.. Unresponsive followers, lifeless boring towns, unintelligable stat systems, and shattered hope is all that you'll find here.1. I would say diversify your map, but at this point it'd be better to just slice it in half and add the extra land mass later on.2. Overhaul every aspect of combat, save animations. Combat is fun to watch, but 9 times out of 10 you will lose. Also, if your last person conks over, just give us that new game option immediately.3. Remove the gunky character creation system; it is a novel idea, but you are rarely zoomed in enough to care what your zerglings look like.4. Make the x2 building and resource gathering settings the default. Waiting simulators are fun and all, but no.You either wait for a long time, and hope you can get something started, or you travel around like an ambulance chaser, shamefully following overpowered protectors as they aimlessly search the empty desert. I'll keep trying, but this game looks exactly the same as the day I bought it. Did they post anything about giving up on this game, or something?"
76561198038417216,Not Recommended,233860,14330967,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,gregheizmann,I just finished allowing Steam to take all my computers information for a survey.  Why can't Steam tell me this game will not perform well on my computer? This game was a big waste of money for me. I am afraid to waste any more time at it. I am scared to buy any more games thu Steam.
,Not Recommended,233860,10247472,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,MysteryG,"This♥♥♥♥♥♥is rough. I knew it's an early access before getting into it, but be preapared for very little guidance, lots of bugs. No intuitive controls or clear goals, and a super confusing camera."
76561198102716584,Not Recommended,233860,9781398,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Techcop,"This game is buggier then a big bug, bugging out with it's bug friends in a dun buggie. In the space of af few hours play i've crashed more time then i could count. This game looks promising but - im sad to say - it's not there yet. I will be looking forward to playing this game once/if it just goes in to beta."
76561198067185033,Not Recommended,233860,10035199,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Catorcam,"If your onfor getting your♥♥♥♥♥♥handed to you from the word ""Go"" then this is your game."
76561198062722239,Not Recommended,233860,16281291,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,JFY,Don't buy this game now as it is still in developing. Not playable
76561198029234555,Not Recommended,233860,10330915,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,pawlowski_michael,"Unplayable, complete waste of my money. Would be nice to play if I could even get past making a character..."
76561198138946912,Not Recommended,233860,10875531,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,endlesstask,"Whilst I truly want this game to reach its potential, I cannot recommend it in the current state. There is a problem that makes Kenshi unplayable for me, and from what I've seen others as well, and that is no bandits spawning and cities having no population, and not even appearing on the map. With trade and combat effectively removed, there is nothing else."
76561198042445596,Not Recommended,233860,11403178,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Mordox84,"I've really enjoyed playing this game, I like the concept and style it has. I've had a lot of fun building up a squad, taking on some bandits, carrying half my unconsious squad back to safety and building a small town. The problem is that the game has very little polish, you will run into bugs (including crashes) and incomplete features often. Its clear that the development process is more like rolling a snowball than working through a feature list.I'm sure the final version of this game would be great, and have a lot of replay value. I doubt that I'll ever play it, because I don't think this game will ever be finished. I love supporting start-up games, but in my opinion this game is abusing the trust of it's supporters.I would not recommend this game because of the very infrequent updates, long development time and no timeline for a final release even after years of development. Its a great idea for a game, but how could I recommend it when it's been in this state for so long with no indication it will ever be finished?"
76561197991962805,Recommended,233860,15273334,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Slick Willeh,Doesn't suck
76561197995330276,Not Recommended,233860,17031392,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Ichi,"waited 2 long, so much  potential. RIP......"
76561197961105713,Recommended,233860,23320790,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Gaius Fulvius Flacchus,Don\'t you wanna get off?
,Recommended,233860,34791283,Posted: 7 September,all,Wolfe,"It crashesIt lagsIt's uglyIt's very boring most of the timeIt's mechanically horribleAnd it's the best thing ever, I love it."
76561197993108513,Recommended,233860,31558105,Posted: 5 May,all,Gabriev,Rimworld in an RPG sandbox. The framerate is♥♥♥♥♥♥but the gameplay is just right. Requires a respectable CPU.
76561198125075780,Recommended,233860,22630398,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Lich King,this game aiz viry good bat i hit youn thing laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaag laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaggggggggg
,Recommended,233860,28464795,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,HIGH IMPACT SEXUAL VIOLENCE,"It's the second time I got seriously addicted to a single-player video game. The first time was with the first Kenshi demo, back in 2013-ish.I need to consult a doctor. Heeelp meeeeDespite it's flaws this is a great game. And I love the dev for working on it constantly, improving it for so long."
76561198053250445,Recommended,233860,25256697,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,da¬chaos¬exerter,banned from forums for being a critic but was a good game just dont speak ya mind
76561198044006471,Recommended,233860,21395597,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,HateSoldier,.
,Not Recommended,233860,8902004,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Angela,By sandbox they mean literally a box of sand.
76561198052338812,Not Recommended,233860,25017566,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Badwolf,"The game is currently unplayable in its current state. Streamers with high end computers have stopped doing videos on the game because they are getting 1 to 5 count frame rates, Excuses are made for the game telling players to use previous patches instead of the current one but the bottum line is this is still not a beta game but an Alpha game that is unplayable due to lack of optimization. If your thinking about buying this game, wait another 3 to 6 months and see if the developers can get their act together then."
76561198061122361,Not Recommended,233860,12988802,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,cmalimartinez,"I'll just start off by stating my personal truth: I LIKE THIS GAME! I REALLY DO!But as for why I'm putting this as a Negative Post, read below.This game is something else! I mean that in a good way. I'm sure finally reaching my post anything I say you'll have already read, but the truth is the truth no matter how many times you hear it.My experience has shown me that this game is really not that bad, in fact I'll admit that its down right addicting (check the play time on some of the posts and alot of them are well into the triple digits ((mine's no different)) ).But I gotta be honest the number of minor glitches (which I gotta admit are relatively small in terms of quantity in my opinion) that are biting at this game are the biggest pain of all.I realise that the game is early release and all but I honestly think if the development team focused their COLLECTIVE attention on ironing out ONE OR TWO BUG(S) AT A TIME and improved the stability of the game rather then trying to broaden the gameplay by adding new 'creatures' or 'bigger, better walls' then Kenshi would become one of those games you'll start playing after breakfast (or during in my case) and then when you get up to go to the bathroom (because you've literally reached you're limit) you realise you've been playing for almost 18 hours straight.I can admit that my statement above may not actually be productive, but when you've reached the point that you've spent more time trying to actually BUILD the perimeter of your outpost rather than enjoying the other characteristics of Kenshi, you find you're self thinking about not playing the game for a few weeks in the hopes that these particular kinks get taken care of when you come back.I won't tell you not to buy the game, but I will warn you, if you buy this game you're in for a few headaches and more than a few bouts of frustration. I, like many of the other posts, will advise you to WAIT on purchasing Kenshi for the time being.At least until there are a few less posts (both positive and negative ones) that are warning you about the bugs and stability issues. If you still decide to buy Kenshi, I can only hope the developer's have ironed out a few more kinks then there are now while i'm writing this post."
,Not Recommended,233860,8910900,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,FatalGamer,"The game has quite a learning curve to get used to, and is currently single player only (for those curious). Basically when you first start out you can't kill anything, anything at all because your character is so weak. You can also recruit an infinite number of people into your facton or party which is basically how you start your own town and build your own army.The reason why I do not recommend this game, is that the controls feel quite clunky to me, and that this game is extremely time consuming. You need to devote A LOT of time and, most importantly, patience when playing this. I have devoted a lot of time to many other games, but Kenshi does not feel quite as enjoyable to me, and I dont get that feeling of satisfaction from accomplishing something because quite frankly, I neither have the patience nor the willingness to put in hours of work into this game.Notice how I haven't really put that much time into playing Kenshi. But by reading guides, looking at other reviews, and looking at the game mechanics myself, it was pretty easy to conclude that yes, this game is extremely time consuming.The game also seems to be a bit buggy, a lot of the time doors will not open or close, your character and/or party members clip through walls, and bandits (or people who just want to kill you) will literally follow you FOREVER until they are killed. And good luck killing ANYTHING at all. The only way to kill even a couple of wandering banidts is to find a friendly faction or run to a town and let the guards kill the bandits for you. But be careful, because if the town's faction is friendly to the group trying to kill you, the town guards will simply ignore them and watch as they slaughter you and your party.From reading other reviews from players that have put in much more time than i have (30+ hours), the game hasn't changed all that much.When Steam early access first started, I remember Kenshi as being one of the first games to join Early Access. Since then, very little updates have been made. Check out their changelog, it's a jumbled mess of adding insignificant content (more cities, more armor, etc) when there are other bugs/balance changes that should be addressed.This is simply my take on this game that i honestly haven't invested that much time into nor plan to. You certainly have the right to agree or disagree with my statements, or justify any crude remarks with ""Oh, you just haven't played the game enough"", or ""You're basing your reviews off of other's gameplay expirience rather than your own"". I just can't recommend this game to anyone."
76561198053653124,Not Recommended,233860,24713691,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Agrias Oaks,"I downloaded Kenshi because it boasts an open world, a free roaming ""squad based"" game. Well, it is, BUT..What his game COULD be is amazing, sadly, the controls and camera ruined it. I spent my whole time moving around by right clicking too far off in the distance, losing my character, panning over a field to find him, only to find that I lost my dog.Well, you could double click their icons, but that separates you and if you double click your main hero, you're now separated from the group and it just feels clunky to find your way back.I didn't like how the camera was stuck, how you you are fixed at a certain crappy angle, and as you pan through the scale to find your team, you just fly through buildings and hills, and overall, it feels crowded and in my opinion, the camera/controls made it unbearable.I requested a refund, I felt it was THAT bad, and I'm typically a pretty forgiving person.I want to recommend this game, as everything else about it seems absolutely wonderful, but until they change the camera/control combination, I can't."
,Not Recommended,233860,32763413,Posted: 25 June,all,VIG,really tried to like this game butI can over look graphics odd glitchy camera movement and lack of AI but this horrible combat is just too muchThe waste of time factor is = to playing the simsTime spent getting beat up by goats then eaten to death by scorpions then enslaved escaped from that only to be put back into slavery after a 500 recovery coma cooldown 3 hours played 2 hours of it was in a coma
,Not Recommended,233860,9940319,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,frackzachary32,lags all the time. cant move characters then have to keep starting new games till it works. when i put it in full screen mode the battle boxes do not extend out to the edges they stay in the middle of the screen game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off more then anything else i have ever played
,Not Recommended,233860,29705570,Posted: 4 February,all,Herr Wester,Wait till it's finished. there is little to no progres that I see.
76561198032549602,Not Recommended,233860,15889913,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Merciless Noob Hadoba,İ didnt born early access so the games. finish your products fu..... please finish it
76561198120485508,Not Recommended,233860,26000167,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,TusTus,"This honestly seems like a great game and I've had it forever, I just tried it out on my new pc and every time I start up the the game my graphics card makes this weird screeching noise it's a brand new card and doesn't do it with any other game. My rig also run insanely hot even on low settings so I honestly wouldn't recommend this game unless you want to destroy your pc. I have an i7 6700k unlocked msi gtx geforce 180 8mb. So if this game runs hard on this setup I don't know what could possibly run it well."
,Not Recommended,233860,19050983,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,JAYJAY,its ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥m8
76561198050852524,Not Recommended,233860,17624880,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,roguetheory,I'd rather pay someone 20$ to punch me in the♥♥♥♥♥♥until I passed out. That would be more fun than this.
76561198041391666,Recommended,233860,23106527,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Banana Cat,"Wreeeeee!!!!WREEEEEE!WREEEEEEEEE!!!!!WRRRREEEEEE!WREEEEEE!!-Fog King Choriseis, 2K16 AEI"
76561198192647619,Recommended,233860,29860585,Posted: 11 February,all,Mrwhooper,Incredibly frustrating. Almost as frustrating as watching CNN saying Killary Clinton has a 99% chance of winning.#makekenshigreatagain
76561198144006333,Recommended,233860,22171832,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Jager,ok
76561197969705328,Not Recommended,233860,15842866,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,最冷,i really wanted to like it. i failed in that endeavor.
,Not Recommended,233860,10244352,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,kedearian,"This game is actually unplayable. Nothing appears to work correctly, this is super alpha, dont bother buying it if you actually want to play."
76561198091007852,Recommended,233860,19302129,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,malcolmkekua,Don't listen to all the impatient imbreds whinning about how long this game is taking to develop. Only one person was developing the game at the time. ONE PERSON. I don't see the imbreds making a game. They don't know how hard it is to make a game. I recommend this game. They'll release the big content soon and the impatient a holes can shove up their♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,233860,19280922,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Ketsa,"Far from a bad game, but not quite a great game.When I bought this game back in 2013 the gameplay was bad and the progress was quite slow. Seeing it now in its state, I realize it was worth waiting nearly 3 years just to get where it is now. I've had alot of fun with it, while the content is not much, and the gameplay requires getting used to, you get a feel of apocalyptic bad assery.Update : 3/31/2016 - Beta ReleasedIts pretty good still, the new map is huge and has great variety between the biomes. I definently recommend this game now cause you can be a robot."
76561198050209870,Not Recommended,233860,17731760,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,MrBadger97,I made a mistake in buying this game.I have brought dishonor to my famuree *commits sudoku*
76561197981773880,Recommended,233860,30173830,Posted: 25 February,all,mucho_muertos,Yes.  Good.
,Recommended,233860,34250023,Posted: 14 August,all,shokk,there are degenerates that go through the reviews page for hours thumbsing up and down reviews like it's their payless job.
76561198062275705,Not Recommended,233860,25163958,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,GeneticDwarf,The game was much better before when it was all desert and human ninjas lotters bandits and more. Now its just a big ugly world whit aliens and purple trees?? idk!! i hope that they change it back!!!!
76561198398615750,Not Recommended,233860,33395056,Posted: 8 July,all,Jeesh,Game crashes everytime i open it now talking about some admin nonsense. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics over here walking through walls. characters take literally the worst path possible and always run into some stupid OP npcs. decent game to pass time if you like walking simulators and to check your phone while waiting for the 10 min youre unconcious and in recovery coma just so you can try to escape and do it all over again. buy the game youll see what i mean but make sure you get your refund within the first hour unlike my mistake. hope to see this game get better but for now it needs a lot of work also way too much open land more towns or something
76561198011609977,Not Recommended,233860,30740270,Posted: 25 March,all,Mylo-s,"Update: 08/04/2017Wait until the release!The game gets pached on regular basis. The patches may not campatible with save game. There is option to import your save, but it is bugged (at least for me), where I lost my progress (e.g research even tho I ticked transfer research box)).Old review:-------------------------Kenshi is a brilliant idea with poor execution.The main reason I am leaving negative review is the game performance and bugs. I will get back to this later.Kenshi is an open world, RPG, city builder, squad manager, craft and survival with great mod support. I wish there were more games of this genre (RPG city builder, minus the survival). It would bring some higher standards and higher quality of the games of that genre.The first things first. Loading time is veeeery loooong (bad).The game has a number of different scenario starts (good). Character customisation is acceptable, there are a few classes available (ok).The first few moments in game were tedious, I was grinding my time just to eat and survive, even tho I used the lowest hunger settings.Then I discovered mods. So, I used no hunger mod, which would eventually introduce a bug when you find a hungry NPC that you want to recruit into your squad.After the hunger was sorted, I started grinding stuff for money and research accompanied by poor performance. I recruited a few squad members and started grinding stuff for more research and I eventually started building my outpost (city). Unfortunately, my attempt to grow or produce anything would be ruined by either hungry beasts or bandits. OK, I managed beasts and bandits well, but then a faction that was non hostile to me attacked me. All this was accompanied by a poor performance.If your outpost or squad members get attacked, there is no pause / notification and if you are in fast forward time mode, you are screwed. But hey, you can always reload your last save... that would take forever to load.Uh...Aesthetically, the game is not that appealing. The game world reminds me of Morrowind (that was the Year of 2002).Please do not get me wrong, there are so many things to do in the game that are fun (exploring, looting, fighting), but they are accompanied by poor performance and bugs.I really feel bad for discrediting the developers, because they put a lot of effort into this game. Maybe if they fix performance, I will be back.Did I mention poor performance and bugs?Maybe the fact that the game has been developed since 2009?Specsi7-4710HQ16 GB RAMGTX-980M"
,Not Recommended,233860,10917193,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,KERNBOOM,"EDIT:The game is playable. It's buggy but playable. It's interesting for a while and then you start to wish it was finished. The time between updates is long and hasn't added anything of significance that would let me launch the game again.Would I recommend you buying the game? I'd go for not really, waging more towards the no, due to me not really having faith in the game ever reaching a state that does homage to the idea.Kudo's to the solo developer whom develops everything in this game apart from the audio, but I'm thinking it's another 3 years before this game is finished, and it is clear to me that the developer took on more than what he can deliver within a realistic timespan."
76561198021386942,Not Recommended,233860,15784146,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Seandablimp,By the time the devs actually finish this game the world is already gonna be an apocolyptic wasteland like Kenshi.
76561198009881513,Not Recommended,233860,24795364,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,impols,"32gb i7 gtx 970 oc 19fps on midi, 3 years in to beta no end in site, another day z."
,Not Recommended,233860,34451358,Posted: 23 August,all,Boony001,"It's so fustrating to play this game. I lowered the graphics to very low while keeping a reasonable site range, and yet, I have to keep waiting for the map to load. Not new areas, areas I have already explored. It's really bad. My PC is pretty decent for gaming, and this game doesn't have great graphics, so there is no reason to have so much loading time.I love the concept. I was really excited to play it, but now I feel like I wasted my money. I can't play this anymore until this issue is fixed and I can't reccommend it."
76561198014589156,Not Recommended,233860,8922991,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,kevin.mouland,What a waste of money....!!!! its like going back in time about 10 years... graphics are not good and there is more bugs in than there is in the jungle.... Attention to details is apulaling.
76561197968589305,Not Recommended,233860,31959326,Posted: 25 May,all,Soondead,"You start off as a worthless slave with absolutely no skills or equipment and the game makes damned sure you never ever get anywhere. The starting town doesn't even have food so you have to venture outside, where you will be crushed by a huge gang of well-equipped and skilled bandits before you even get clothes on your back.After three years(!) of development, path-finding still doesn't work and the established player base seems to have just accepted this as fact. Back then, there were atleast big open deserts you could navigate manually and thus both spot and avoid the bandits.Now, the terrain has been so designed to death, you'll spend most of your time trying to work the camera so you can see where your character is, and the remaining time watching your character lying in a coma waiting to either wake up or bleed out. Both take so long time even on fully accelerated time, you have plenty of time to go make yourself a cup of coffee and try to figure out what the hell went wrong with this game. It used to be quite charming, back when the player was given a fair chance to get on his feet."
,Recommended,233860,8905866,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Blacktoll,This is THE game that made me distrust early access. I haven't played a ♥♥♥♥♥ier game since. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy. Do Not Buy.
76561198068503512,Not Recommended,233860,29583012,Posted: 30 January,all,Rusbel,"So I start the game up, the character creation is cool and adds a lot of customization I spend some time making my character and finally have her they way I like. I spawn next to a house with two fields and two farmers and no tutorial or anything. I think to myself it's nice that they'll let me learn on my own and go in the house to look around, all I find is stuff I have the option to steal. I figure the farmers aren't really my friends because I have to steal to take stuff from the house. I went outside of the house and tried to cut down some trees, can't, go walking away a bit and find a bush which I want to interact with, can't, walk away a little farther away and find different trees to try and cut down, can't. I think to myself maybe I have to craft an axe but the crafting menu is empty... ok so I have to build something first maybe? I try to build a small shack but it requires 3 ""Building Material"". I go to look for something I can interact with to get building material, after wandering for like 5 minutes I find a rock I can mine, the magical pickaxe I can pull out of my♥♥♥♥♥appears and I mine the rock wondering the whole time why I can't cut a tree. I have some iron at this point and I figure ""This must be a building material."" I then try to build a shack again, can't. I realized that there is a tech research at this point for ""Building material"" but it requires I have a research bench which requires ""Building Material"" and must be placed in a small shack! I give up and look up a guide, you have to trade for ""Building Material"" this is the only way early game and I tried a few times to earn the money by mining rocks but they made me too heavy and bandits or animals would kill me everytime. The only way to really start the game is to aggro a bandit group and drag them into a town so gaurds fight them.This game lacks any direction, has no real goals, is beyond confusing to start, and extremely slow.I would highly advise NOT to buy this game."
,Not Recommended,233860,8898603,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,sev X one,"Wouldn't buy it in it's current Alpha state, wait til the game is released."
,Not Recommended,233860,23536513,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,..,Buggy and slow development. will be back in 100 years.
,Not Recommended,233860,32209369,Posted: 5 June,all,Nikki_Putin,"Doesn't even launchTroubleshooted everything possible, and then 5+ pages worth of google search"
,Not Recommended,233860,14209192,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,ipapotihus,The reason why I don't recommend this game is simple. Its a been 2 years since the moment I bought it... and I still don't have a complete game. I didn't play for a while now and I will probably will not do it in the future. The windows of opportunity to make me play it its long gone as well as my money....  Bye money I loved you
,Recommended,233860,22888956,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Almighty Sosa,"The War of 1812 was a military conflict that lasted from June 18, 1812 to February 18, 1815, fought by the United States of America against Great Britain, its North American colonies, and its North American Indian allies. Historians in the United States and Canada see it as a war in its own right, but Europeans sometimes see it as a minor theatre of the Napoleonic Wars, as it was caused by issues related to that war (especially the Continental System). By the war's end in early 1815 the key issues had been resolved and peace came with no boundary changes.The United States declared war for several reasons, including trade restrictions brought about by the British war with France, the impressment of as many as 10,000 American merchant sailors into the Royal Navy,[5] British support for Native American tribes fighting American settlers on the frontier, outrage over insults to national honor during the Chesapeake–Leopard Affair, and possible American interest in annexing British territory.[6] The primary British war goal was to defend their North American colonies, although they also hoped to set up a neutral Indian buffer state in the Midwest.The war was fought in three theatres. First, at sea, warships and privateers of each side attacked the other's merchant ships, while the British blockaded the Atlantic coast of the United States and mounted large raids in the later stages of the war. Second, land and naval battles were fought on the U.S.–Canadian frontier. Third, large-scale battles were fought in the Southern United States and Gulf Coast. At the end of the war, both sides signed and ratified the Treaty of Ghent and, in accordance with the treaty, returned occupied land, prisoners of war and captured ships (though neither side returned the other's warships due to frequent re-commissioning upon capture) to its pre-war owner and resumed friendly trade relations without restriction.With the majority of its land and naval forces tied down in Europe fighting the Napoleonic Wars, the British used a predominantly defensive strategy in the Provinces of Upper and Lower Canada. Early victories over poorly-led U.S. armies, such as in the Battle of Queenston Heights, demonstrated that the conquest of the Canadas would prove more difficult than anticipated. Despite this, the U.S. was able to inflict serious defeats on Britain's Native American allies, ending the prospect of an Indian confederacy and an independent Native American state in the Midwest under British sponsorship. U.S. forces were also able to make several gains and score victories on the Canadian frontier; taking control of Lake Erie in 1813, seizing western parts of Upper Canada. However, a large-scale U.S. attempt to capture Montreal was repulsed in November 1813. Despite the major U.S. victory at Chippawa on July 5, 1814, serious U.S. attempts to fully conquer Upper Canada were ultimately abandoned following the bloody Battle of Lundy's Lane on July 25, 1814. The U.S. then fell back roughly 30 km (19 mi) from Lundy's Lane to Fort Erie, where they withstood a siege for several months. The British eventually withdrew, but as winter set in, the Americans demolished the fort and fell back across the Niagara.In April 1814, with the defeat of Napoleon, the British adopted a more aggressive strategy, sending larger invasion armies and tightening their naval blockade. However, with the end of the Napoleonic Wars in Europe, both governments were eager for a return to normality and peace negotiations began in Ghent in August 1814. In the Deep South, General Andrew Jackson destroyed the military strength of the Muscogee (Creek) Nation at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend. In September 1814, the British won the Battle of Hampden, allowing them to occupy eastern Maine, and the British victory at the Battle of Bladensburg in August 1814 allowed them to capture and burn Washington, D.C. They were repulsed, however, in an attempt to take Baltimore and Fort Bowyer, and during their assault at Fayal. An American victory in September 1814 at the Battle of Plattsburgh repulsed the British invasions of New York, which, along with pressure from merchants on the British government, prompted British diplomats to drop their demands at Ghent for an independent native buffer state and territorial claims that London previously sought. Given that it took six weeks for ships to cross the Atlantic, news of the peace treaty did not arrive before the British suffered a major defeat at New Orleans in January 1815.[7]In the United States, late victories over invading British armies at the battles of Plattsburg, Baltimore (inspiring the United States national anthem, ""The Star-Spangled Banner"") and New Orleans produced a sense of euphoria over a ""second war of independence"" against Britain.[8][9] The war ended on a high note for Americans, winning the final engagements of the war and bringing an ""Era of Good Feelings"" in which partisan animosity nearly vanished in the face of strengthened American nationalism. The war was also a major turning point in the development of the U.S. military. The poor performance of several U.S. militia units, particularly during the 1812–13 invasions of Canada and the 1814 defence of Washington, convinced the U.S. government of the need to move away from its Revolutionary-era reliance on militia and focus on creating a more professional regular force. Spain was involved in fighting in Florida but was not an official belligerent; some Spanish forces fought alongside the British during the Occupation of Pensacola. The U.S. took permanent ownership of Spain's Mobile District.In Upper and Lower Canada, British and local Canadian militia victories over invading U.S. armies became iconic and promoted the development of a distinct Canadian identity, which included strong loyalty to Britain. Today, particularly in Ontario, memory of the war retains its significance, because the defeat of the invasions ensured that the Canadas would remain part of the British Empire, rather than be annexed by the United States. In Canada, numerous ceremonies took place in 2012 to commemorate the war, offer historical lessons and celebrate 200 years of peace across the border.[10] The conflict has not been commemorated on nearly the same level in the modern-day United States, though it is still taught as an important part of early American history,[11] and Dolley Madison's and Andrew Jackson's respective roles in the war are especially emphasized.[12][13] The war is scarcely remembered in Britain, being heavily overshadowed by the much larger Napoleonic Wars occurring in Europe."
,Not Recommended,233860,33878144,Posted: 29 July,all,baron grime siege,"Preforms poorly on my computer but from what I've played I've enjoyed it extensively but I will have to retire from now until the optimization improves.If you don't use an nvidia card,  I wouldn't reccomend buying it period because of how bad it runs, I'm accostmed to slideshow preformances but it's insane how bad it is. Please, developers, if you see this realize a game that looks this bad shouldn't run as poorly as it does."
,Recommended,233860,7744802,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Bear,Pretty epic guys!
,Not Recommended,233860,17292250,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Brutal Lobster,Died in character creation. No real updates. Stupidly unexplained.
,Not Recommended,233860,29261970,Posted: 14 January,all,Wuave,"I'm sure if you have the time to put many many hours into this game then its great. From what i experinced in the short time i played, was bad camera movement and just a lack of any clue of what to do. Perhaps my copy was just bugged but the lack of tutorial that i got made the game almost unplayable and thus ended up spending a good days worth of just trying to find good guides and video tutorials and dont even get me started on the clunky and crowded UI.I fully suggest waiting till this game is fully released before trying it. However if you enjoy the exprimenting aspect of trying to find out what the hell to do then you will enjoy it!The idea of the game is great, It's just not pulled off in such a great way."
76561198038756361,Not Recommended,233860,20736404,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Lemons84,"If not for the extremely small font used I would probably give this game a ""thumbs up.""  In the limited time I played it seemed like a good game but for me the extremely small font just frustrates me beyond belief.  If you can stand the small font you might enjoy the game, unfortunately I could not overcome this obstacle."
,Recommended,233860,25893192,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Altezza,Definitely my favorite early access game of all time.
76561198035345636,Not Recommended,233860,29136336,Posted: 9 January,all,Danknott,would be great if it worked
,Not Recommended,233860,10236122,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Mr. Vaachina,Buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ wait till its out
,Recommended,233860,19861188,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Mizhuyev,Better than mount and blade warband.
,Not Recommended,233860,22579130,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Fuck S͘team,its been so long and this game is still ♥♥♥♥♥♥. i spent all my money to buy a hat then i accidentally dropped it while in a building and could never pick it up again. the fact that its been so damn long and basic♥♥♥♥♥♥like this isnt even fixed goes to show that this game will most likely never be good or even complete.
76561198017056364,Not Recommended,233860,22718163,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,CodeTiger,"Bort this game 2 years ago and I enjoyed it more then. It had bugs but it was enjoyable to play. I was able to survice long enough to start and maintain a health community that could survive a bandit attack. So after not playing for 2 years, I thought that would be enough time for the game to be finished. However in all that time the new features added are so broken that the game is unplayable (if fun is the goal).Lately gameplay is start new game, first town guard that sees me attacks me. Why? See a fight go to it to see if you can loot some dead body. What now it is stealing to loot a corpse it you didn't attack. In the early game looting corpses is the may occupation, however just standing near a fight will cause the guards to attack you. Why? my weapon is not drawn. This is all in the first town in the first 10 mins. Talk to someone town guard attacks you. Be a multi racial group town guards attack you. If you manage to get past the town guard and find a bandit, hopefully you don't starve to death first. Now bandit are rare thing to find. 2 years ago there was a bandit attack every 10 mins. Kill the bandit loot his corpse. Finally I have something to cover my naked chest. Go to town to sell loot. Town guard see me and kills me. I guess because I was wearing the bandits clothing I was a bandit. Makes no sense in any RPG game out there.There seem to be a complicated system for factions that is broken. As I said 2 years ago I thought that if they fixed the bugs and finished the crafting trees. All the game needed was some direction. There are no quest marker or any aid as where to go. There is not even a quest system. So if you get a quest go to the temple, that is it. No more info as to where this temple is. Needless to say I never found the temple. Even after running into every building in the town. A simple marker on the map and a icon above the build. How difficult would that be compared to trying to fix broken systems like slavery, factions etc. At this point that would be to much to ask for. I would be happy if I could play the game without getting attacked by the town guard for no apparent reason and at least know why in the starting town am I attacked on sight.This game had massive potential but I don't think the devs have the skills needed to manifest that potential. In 2 years the game is more broken than what it was.That is why I give this a thumbs down."
76561198018303985,Not Recommended,233860,28463684,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Tyr,"Kenshi would be a fun game if there were actually guides or something to help you find a direction to get started. Unfortunately the only way people suggest you start out is by luring bandits to towns, and looting whatever the guards kill, even the devs themselves suggest doing this. The problem with this is that it is not creative and not immersive. When guards kill something and you loot it and that's literally the ONLY way to make money from the start, it really is unrewarding and limiting. That alone should tell you that there are very few aveneus to take when it comes to starting out and making money. There are no jobs, no other skills you can use to make money like crafting, or anything like that. No, you can only do one thing at the start, that's it, and it's not even realistic or rewarding. I have had this game for years and have come back to it a handful of times to see if it has gotten any better, unfortunately it has not gotten better."
76561198109604415,Not Recommended,233860,10569113,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Samuel Höjd,"Strange game, not really worth the money since I don't really understand it and that it is very badly made."
,Not Recommended,233860,15926395,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,The Gaming Frenzy,It's really bad.
76561198163663022,Not Recommended,233860,20672777,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,UnknownDrifter,not my style personally
,Recommended,233860,25283793,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,A Rather Slender Man™,buggy. makes me cry. there is doge. good game i guessi cant honestly say is wasnt related to my 397$ i spent on Bleach
,Not Recommended,233860,11715822,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Iron,"From the devs frustrated attitude you really can see, how they don't like working on this game. Well, you are welcome then. Thumbs down - waste of money, as of now. Don't expect it to ever be finished."
76561198028068906,Not Recommended,233860,35154094,Posted: 23 September,all,Fall,Huge open world with nothing to do in itBad graphics and poor performenceBoring combatthis review is almost as lazy as this game but it didnt take me 10 years
76561198021605465,Not Recommended,233860,23326148,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,SugarTKE,They rarely update and now they're trying to release the soundtrack for an extra cash grab. Don't waste your money.
76561198199718034,Not Recommended,233860,34112916,Posted: 8 August,all,tonyhakze2,very fun game but the technical issues are to much missing file perrmissions i like to play games not dig through files for hrs to get it going a couple times if it wasnt for these issues i would give this game a soild rateing
76561198070166636,Not Recommended,233860,10208015,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,krokov,pile of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,233860,22670379,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,DeadlyDanDaMan,"The camera system is unbelievably bad. Makes the game unplayable for me and no fun at all, having to constanly fiddle with the camera. Too bad too, I like the idea of the game itself."
76561197969687669,Not Recommended,233860,18413278,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Scelous,One of the worst games I have ever played in my entire life.
76561197980902169,Not Recommended,233860,21467673,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,auuleks,Worst game ever!
76561198218737243,Not Recommended,233860,23331846,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,engy,for some reason i cannot updae my game
,Not Recommended,233860,21779584,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,virtualbasil,2+ years in alpha ?!
,Not Recommended,233860,14874921,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Alexandre alexsteckel,"My family is getting bigger and bigger, but this game still sucks with this alfa/beta looking.Hey, I paid for this game, then stop watching TV and get to work. Finnish this game, kill this bugs... get to work!"
,Not Recommended,233860,28186066,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Ghota,so bad engine+optimization
76561197961417598,Not Recommended,233860,25663006,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Kirzen,"I really wanted to like this game, the setting seems great, the depth seems great, the graphics are a little dated but I'm comfortable with that.But the controls are SO godawful that I simply can't play it. Camera doesn't move with you, camera controls are clunky, mouse for camera is inverted, movement is clunky.I can't recommend it based on the terrible interface, even if I think the game world and the mechanics show serious promise."
,Not Recommended,233860,22985012,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Sharky,This game looks cool and sounds fun but when you really play it its pure♥♥♥♥♥♥First There is no Tactics in this game its just full brut on every thing.2nd Its the HARDest game i have every played its this means somting3rd its so much in Alpha that i dont know how you can market this game4th and last this game needs a demo and fast so there will be people that woun't make the mistake i made and buy this game for 20$
76561198007278766,Not Recommended,233860,25241228,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Mac,"Please remember this is early access.Right now the game is poor at best. The optimization is really bad. I have a high end machine and the frame rate is just terrible even with the settings turned down.Gameplay is in my opinion the worst part of the game. Starting out, your weak, poor, and frankly, you cant do anything about it. If you read disscussions on starting tips, youll find everyone says to hang around cities and let guards kill bad guys and then loot the dead. This is great advice as you are completely unable to do any fighting yourself and survive. So the game from the begenning is based on you playing a weakling coward who scavenges the leavings of other fighters. This just doesnt sit good with me. I would rather grind or do fetch quests to raise skill enough to do my own fighting. I find it insulting that a developer would make the game this way.No reccomendation untill they actually make a game instead of a buzzard simulator."
,Not Recommended,233860,34645391,Posted: 31 August,all,ehat71,"Game would be nice if I coluld get over the start up crashes, and it has been in early access for so lOOOOOOOng.  Has added so much and thats a good thing... but really needs to work on the crashes"
,Not Recommended,233860,35047187,Posted: 18 September,all,BlackAdderBG,Buggy mess.Don't bother
76561198210071037,Not Recommended,233860,25576802,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,intence66,game looked cool on the steam page but...........things do look cool ie graphics however they feel like really outdated almost like the first lara croft game almost if the graphics where like for example half life 2 the game would look amazing af my other issue was the settings and putting the game into big screen mode when i did this all i kept getting was a part of my screen that had no game on it and then i could see the bottom of my screen with all my stuff like app store internet and so on so i had to play the game in the non fullscreen mode but in a box mode .... some times the game would say ... game not responding ? not sure why but it happend a few times and crashed the game and  shut the game down .................. i think the game has chances at being grate but my other issue is the fact that the last negative review was 2013 or 2014 and the last comment in the comment bit on the help page was about the same 2013 2014 so the people making this game should really be on steam telling people what they are doing on steam not somewhere els ........... my other issue is that apparently this game was being made since 2009 .............. i mean as i say i think theres a chance it can be grate but theres a lot of things that need to change just to make this game full on grate
,Not Recommended,233860,25961792,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,GodArmz,"Well...here's my 38 minute review:Had fun creating my character, jumped into the world (literally: my dude was floating in the beyond realm for 20 seconds before I hit the ground) surroundings looked lackluster (i know, it's in alpha status, graphics dont matter) but it was also extremely empty and interactions with my surrounding were limited. I went to pan the camera and the game dropped to single-digit FPS. Since movement is point n click, I went to click my way up a hill/up some steps into a house and my character kept running around until it got stuck on the steps.Then I took a deep breath, and got a refund.TL;DR: Left a bad first impression, hella buggy, rather buy a pepperoni pizza."
,Not Recommended,233860,34483427,Posted: 25 August,all,Blood shed,"Stay the hell away ontill its finishedi have 80 hours invested in this game and will not spend any more ontill the game is fixed.just for example, built a base, went exploring with 2 characters leaving some behind working and returned to find my base gone"
,Not Recommended,233860,12847060,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,DeCoder68W,"Potentially interesting at release, but virtually unplayable as a game (even one in alpha) at this time. Its more a collection of cool features/tools than a coherent game.  The customization options avalible in game are nice, as well as construction is quite realistic (you have to carry heavy stone to build a building, potentially for miles). Combat is frustrating, even with the ability to pause at any point and change camera angles.But, the nail in the coffin is lack of instuctions on how to use some of the things that are implemented.Need to give it a few more months, unless your really into the development part of Early Access Games."
,Not Recommended,233860,23740031,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Riefner,"This game is probably the single worst entertainment purchase I have ever made and I saw Crossroads - the Britney Spears movie in theaters. I bought it during the early access craze based on it's potential 2 years ago. I bought Kerbal Space Program around the same time. KSP had its issues, but clearly had changes being made and steadily got better and has reached full release. Every so often I popped in this game and tried to play thinking it would be better in any way and it simply wasn't. I saw reviews stating essentially that you have to get 3-5 hours in before my complaints with the game are no longer valid (boring world, looks like garbage, clunky interface, shattered hopes and dreams) and while that may be true, it seems like Stockholm Syndrome to me. The fact that this game has been in ""Alpha"" since 2009 is just more proof that it shouldn't even be for sale.Do yourself a favor and don't buy this game until it gets a full release. Don't be fooled by people who put in a ton of time and tell you it is great as long as you get over X, Y, and Z- it is just justification for wasting their own time and money. This is an incomplete, likely never to be complete, dumpster fire of a game. Value yourself and your time more - don't buy this game. I expect that this ""game"" will be a fully playable and complete game for its value around the time of the heat death of the universe."
76561198109266402,Not Recommended,233860,30967129,Posted: 5 April,all,DanyuriPH,"i cannot play after the last update, i tried to send the bug report to lofi games and i was banned right after. very good lofi."
76561198031522482,Not Recommended,233860,21927021,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,jptougas,Don't waste your time and money !!!
76561198077037735,Not Recommended,233860,25983436,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Abbas AJ,the game control is very bad. it makes me sick.im refunding this game.
76561198056645971,Not Recommended,233860,22127816,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Fido,Dont buy
,Not Recommended,233860,34737967,Posted: 4 September,all,Bizzle,"I havent ever really picked this game up, friends have told me its good and got depth but i really struggle to enjoy this game maybe i dont understand it enough but there is not alot that keeps me drawn to playing it and learning it.graphics are awful lol very dull."
,Not Recommended,233860,29364890,Posted: 19 January,all,jonathanmheimer,"I regret buying this game. This really burned me. I thought the concept was really amazing, I thought the graphics were decent for what we were looking at in terms of supposed game play. Let me tell you now why I would never recommend this game or ever suggest buying it.1. It is unplayable. Truly it is. It is so bad, incredibly glitchy, and it is insanely hard. There is no objective so you are left to wander about with nothing to do, you literally just try to survive. Which is damn near impossible. EVERY faction will hate you, and you cannot join a faction to gain allies.2. The build system is a joke. Like honestly I have nothing good to say about it. You will not survive long enough to dig far enough into. Once you reach a certain point a wandering group of 30ish bandits will just wander around your camp and kill everything.3. There is no gameplay. There is no point like I said before, but needs to be said again. Like its just survive, which is cool in all, and it WOULD be fulfilling if it were not for the fact there is ZERO NPC or story interaction.In a nutshell I would desribe this game in the following way: basically it is a kid playing in a sand box, byhimself, with zero imagnination. You are alone, by yourself with nothing to do, you got two plastic army men and thats it. Oh and it is raining and squirlles are terrorizing you."
,Not Recommended,233860,28335984,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,escherlat,"The description of the game excited me. I found the execution of the game (at time of writing) did not meet with the excitement and expectation. The controls are very awkward. There is little indication in the game world of what you are supposed to do.When mining an iron resource, my character was actually severl in-game feet away from the rock. His pickaxe was actually digging into turf. After several minutes of mining the turf, there was nothing in my inventory.My character had a hunger attribute. None of my activities seemed reduce it (this may be an unfinished feature). My starting point was near some domestic beasts, but my character was not able to do anything with them.After running around the game world for about 20 minutes, trying different things, and getting lost, I refunded the game. That was a disappointment to me. Maybe as the game progresses in development I'll pick it up again."
76561198039226058,Not Recommended,233860,33943589,Posted: 1 August,all,AncientSpiritsofEvil,Everytime I try to load a save game file after shuting down or restarting my computer this POS crashes. I don't just mean crashes to desktop. IT CRASHES MY ENTIRE SYSTEM. Hands down my worst steam purchase ever.
76561198007986909,Not Recommended,233860,24196700,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Captain Krieg,if playing un-fun gamplay for 10-20 mins then being killed and starting over is fun then this is you game
,Not Recommended,233860,22776139,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,OrangeMungos,"Now the game itself is good, its just that im bad at the game. Its a good idea,but needs work as well. Maybe less confusing camera controls. I'd rate it 6/10"
76561198166078727,Not Recommended,233860,28711743,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,BrotherhoodOfSteel,"so, I bought this game on the recommendation of a friend a few years ago. I tested it and it showed great promise, like all of the sandbox indie games do.Then I closed it again. I had given the developers some money and I hoped for quick updates.But quick updates did not happen. This game is the slowest developing game I have seen. I'd rather wait for no mans sky to turn into a decent game than to wait for this one to get out of early access."
76561198111522613,Not Recommended,233860,24374308,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,gavares3,This game is not very well designed and is pretty confusing. There is really no direction nor is there much in the way of help or side missions. I would not recommend this game at all.
76561198032134289,Not Recommended,233860,34364073,Posted: 19 August,all,Black and Yellow,Great game for the first couple hours since then it wotn load wont start and nothing works. thanks for taking my money.
,Not Recommended,233860,28761558,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Fallon,"since there isnt any newr comments i will do it myself the developers have seemed to have tryed and totaly remake the game and have left it 1/4 done and there hasnt been any more work done on it in months that i know of and there isnt alot you can do no to mention the seriously f'ed up spawns, i just loaded into a fishing village that was walled in and couldent get through the locked gate which the fisherman started attacking me for it and left all of my people dieing or uncounsious and thennnn cannables broke in and started to carry off my people whith where still down so yea pretty bad right nowprettey much a fragment of a game insted of a full one i dont suggest buying it."
,Not Recommended,233860,8411629,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Walmammal,"This game doesn't sell itself too well. The features are not there, the level of polish is abhorrent, bugs and glitches are abundant. It doesn't even look that good, with all the bland sand and rocks and ridiculous slopes and buildings that hang in the air. According to the author's blog, there's a lot in store for this game, but with the current frequency of updates, I'm not sure if it gets anywhere anytime soon.It actually makes me feel sad. The intentions are undoubtedly good, but after playing this game for some time - and waiting for it to improve for QUITE some time - I can't recommend it to anyone."
76561198057085103,Not Recommended,233860,32706080,Posted: 23 June,all,grunkibis,"played an hour, vomited from spinning the mouse around to see wtf is in the world, felt like the terrascape was some olddos game horror, couldnt care less about the potential of this title because the graphics are absolutely awful.  i cant see a damn bandit or anything, just walking into a doorway is a chore... its the best idea ever put into the worst graphical engine ever.  FIRST game i bought since 1986 that i refunded.  i'm out.  as a matter of fact this game reminds me of 1993's Dark Sun: Shattered Lands for graphics.  the last place i am going to explore is that game world.  they lost me on the look not the idea."
,Not Recommended,233860,31795888,Posted: 16 May,all,Bunny Carrotslayer,Save your money this is trash
76561198104596268,Not Recommended,233860,26231785,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,DIGITAL BLACKFACE,nothing to do
,Not Recommended,233860,33998411,Posted: 3 August,all,Sunfox,"This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥i really dont know how I sat there and played it that long, the game makes me feel like im fudging a potato would not recommend!"
,Not Recommended,233860,33943467,Posted: 31 July,all,demoner,Perma-Early Access
76561197992999760,Not Recommended,233860,8936405,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Shrapnel,"Really bad. It has really big ambitions but upon doing some research, its like 1 guy trying to do all of this. He might be able to, but Im not subscribing to a 10yr EA (well, I already have). But that was 2014, a year which showed (and burned) a lot of consumers that EA is full of mainly garbage and here's why:Most of these EA games have H U G E ambitious goals. You read them and totally want to get on board. Dont. Research first, everything. Most of the EAs have to do so because they lackfunds (or manpower) to get the project done in any real / acceptable timeframe, so no real publisher is going to pick them, cause they are not ready for primetime, so to speak.REMEMBER this before you sign up for any EA - this one being the 1st I ever bought, I actually believed all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in the game description. Following up on the dev blog, I dont have a lot of hope in this game's future. Probably just gonna skate on the sales of this game while updating it for the next 5 years"
,Not Recommended,233860,32555015,Posted: 18 June,all,Centurion Justinius,"This isn't a game. This is a test in patience. And I ran out of it after about an hour of trying to learn this sordid mess.As this game falsely advertises, you CANNOT DO ANYTHING.Try stealing? Tough, your success rate is so low you'll be caught every time.Try combat? Nope, because even the BEGGERS can fight better than you.Try trading? Nuh-uh, because the roads between cities are so perilous you'd get robbed four times before you made it half way.Video games are supposed to be fun, but I don't see the fun in getting smashed in the face by a random group of spiny ♥♥♥♥s when i'm just trying to get back to camp, where in they were JUST friendly a second ago.3/10 gameplay so slow and unbalanced it might as well be a Dark Souls mod."
76561198032188875,Not Recommended,233860,24346493,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,stevealafogg,this game is boring so very boring there is no pint to the game u can run around forever and never find anything to do. it seemed like a really great game but it needs alit of work i will be asking for a refund
76561197990467651,Recommended,233860,12719056,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Rope-A-Doppio,THIS GAME SUCKS THE DOGS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ WALK AROUND A DESERT AND DO ♥♥♥♥ING NOTHING GG IF I WANTED TO DO THAT I WOULD JOIN THE MARINES AND DIE IN IRAQ YOU STUPID ♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198000726933,Not Recommended,233860,8689268,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Flash41,Needs a tutoral I get lost then lose interest ...
,Not Recommended,233860,18887527,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,-=GMz=- CH3SSL0RD3 | ELO3K d-_-b,"I played 9 minutes of this trash, do not make the same mistake."
76561198067171049,Not Recommended,233860,8038008,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,garyholl99,"Not sure what the point is.   It looks great, I admit, but that seems to be about all.  It is possible it may (as seems to be hinted in some reviews) get more interesting after many hours, but I am not going to give it that long."
,Not Recommended,233860,25173721,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,KewlBreeze,Listen...carefully...to...me...DO NOT DO WHAT YOU ARE ABOUT TO DO!This is my review.
76561198033095013,Not Recommended,233860,26556262,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,jimbozos,bad
,Not Recommended,233860,7992031,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,nannapies,Game has stopped posting updates/patchesStill a fun game though
76561198059166129,Not Recommended,233860,23149942,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Iori Namagashi,Bro Before you buy this game these are the things you should knowPros:-Sand box-You actually make a difference in the world-Character creation-Makes you feel like you are really in a ApocalypseCons:-Graphics are trash-Movement commands are those of sims (And yes i mean clicking on the floor to walk)-Combat is pretty poor i had no idea what i was doing-Crafting system so hard to even figure out-Commands are clunky hard to figure out-Forget about the thought of you dropping in this game and turning♥♥♥♥♥♥up cus that option will be shot down in a heart beat-Hard af to find supplies to even craft-Music and entire game made me feel like to commit suicideThis game has been rated by me 11/10 Itunes dont get this game unless your filthy rich and wanna waste a good 20$ i should have saved my 20 to 40 so i could of got Life is Feudal but this game gave a false concept in its Video trailer like it was a mmo cus i saw all the names and chit i regret buying this game honestly... dont end up like me and buy All-State
76561198058809923,Not Recommended,233860,23964047,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,generaldurandal,"""No more 32-bit support, the game's memory requirements are too high""There are a lot of games that are way bigger then this that can run on 32 bit systems.Gimme a godam refund!Sorry there isn't a list of games that run on 32-bit systems.But every game i've ever played so far could run on a 32-bit system.Including games such as,Skyrim,Lord of the Rings Online,Warframe,Exanima,and,Dark Souls."
76561198189731089,Not Recommended,233860,30518763,Posted: 14 March,all,Jahloupe,Oi.
76561197982770745,Not Recommended,233860,8270506,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,David,ä stjiiiiiit
,Not Recommended,233860,29983068,Posted: 17 February,all,Legion,"I did not really find this game fun. Early access game and to me rather boring. Updates to the stable branch are lacking. The game itself is rather just boring.(Edited again for the turd buckets)Edit... 53 or something...Trying the game again.... I figure enough time has passed once again... This time, I will give it at LEAST a full hour... IF I can even manage that long. The last time I played this game was SOOOO damn boring. We shall see...Final Edit...I tried. I really did. I wanted the game to be better. I wanted it to be more fun for me. To me, this game is just so boring it hurts. I am sure plenty of people find this game fun. It seems pretty well made. The concept even sounds interesting... Maybe its the seeming total lack of any story that kills it for me. I feel no grand purpose for being. Maybe that comes later on... but the game has so many directions... literally any direction so it seems to have NO real direction... if that makes any sense. Its almost like a pure sandbox game it seems in what you can become... it can be fun for some, but you really have to be into that kind of game. I am not..."
,Recommended,233860,10411949,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Czyke,"Was a food trader travelling to the next town, hungry bandits came and attacked me. I woke up serveral days later with all my food."
,Recommended,233860,4796887,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,Cialdini,Very cool game
76561198059439380,Recommended,233860,10382360,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Brigade 2506,"One of the best Sandbox RPGs around. I've play the game in many different ways, from wandering traders, managing small towns, and militias.Overall this game is amazing, so much fun to watch huge battles take place.It is Early Access so there are alot of glitches, and the game has a learning curve, because there's just so many things you can do, and you'll almost never do it right the first time.11/10"
76561198035650905,Recommended,233860,10341688,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Socucius Ergalla,"There are so many good things I have to say about this game - so many in fact that I'm not going to bother listing them. All I'm going to say is that if you like strategy, customization, deep gameplay, end-of-world/survival scenarios, beautiful music, or just enjoy challenging games that don't hold your hand every step of the way, then kenshi is certainly a game for you. This game is so huge and has so much to it (with much more on the way) that it is a shining example of what every big game aspires to.The fact that it is still in developmentserves only to amaze me as I imagine what will come next. Even as I write this review the few complaints and issues I have for this game are being worked out and many of those have already been fixed. Updates are regular and comprehensive with the community enjoying contact with developmers in a way that only an indie can provide.In short this game is amazing with a huge amount of potential, and something I would definately recomend.Also the music is so good that I sometimes sit at the menu screen just to listen to hear it :D"
76561198040839025,Recommended,233860,4693789,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Soez,"Worth every cent, great game by an up n comer."
,Recommended,233860,9485887,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,kommadant,"i have high expectations for this game, i loved it from the beginning and its something i have been waiting for as far as the type of game. its not for everyone, the game is a big part in survival and strategy because of the elements the game has, such as being 3rd person voerview and all squad being able to die if you get in over your head as they can be incapacitated and bleed out if no one can offer medical attention to them in time, you sometimes have to pick your fights especially at first as you are weak and alone. the start is slow but once you get a good foundation the fun begins, you can build your own settlement from scratch and lead a smal squad of warriors/traders/craftsmen ora combination ofa ll 3 like me, if intetested i would say hit up youtube first to see gameplay, this game has HUGE potential and in its current state there are quite a few bugs but there are things the crator has but in to help with most that cause game play to suffer such as being about to rebuild the nav mesh after prolonged play has caused several npcs to wander off from there designated areas and if a world has become so FUBAR you can import your game and take all your squad and tech and even buildings (labled as buggy so i left it be and just decided to rebuild, heck more enginnering skill for me) to start fresh on a new game world without losing any training for research, BLACKBEARD if you read this please get in touch with me i would llove to assist with helping find bugs to help you prioritize the games development"
,Recommended,233860,9488446,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Dxzain,"This game is full of glitches bugs and some pretty wierd textures, but I love all of it. This game is one of the greatest open world sandbox games I have ever had the joy of playing. only in this game can you take and group of random pub rats and turn them in a force to slaughter towns at will. It is crazy fun."
,Recommended,233860,9494547,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,♚Demy†rix The Reaper♚™,this game is very interesting acouple more updates and it will make it its fun and alot of action keeps you busy so yeah i recommend this game if your into strategy build and the whole samurai look
,Recommended,233860,9495922,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Goofy Janitor,"Its okay. The beginning is brutal, but once you get the hang of it, you can have some fun. Honestly, I'm not sure what else to say. It is still (obviously) an Alpha, and bugs are galore. It hangs, lags, and is constantly loading... But what do you expect for an indie game that large? Its a good game, and I look forwards to playing it more."
76561198069641023,Recommended,233860,9505891,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,EternalGrim,"Love this game so much, I have been waiting for a game like this for a while now and this is perfect. The game is playable as it is however I can't wait for the future updates to make this perfect, I would recommend this to anymore,"
,Recommended,233860,9507027,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Texashangman,"I love this game finally someone makes a game more to my liking, It's the challenge of turning nothing in to something thats keeps me playing this one, Yea it still isnt completed but you know what? i have faith that this game is going to be even greater when its completed just by what i have seen by playing it already, but dont take my word for it try it for yourself as your the only one who knows what your looking for, me i love it a few bugs here and there but thats to be expected since it isnt completed, graphics are cool with me, cant wait to see what else is in store, I give props to these guys for this one man"
,Recommended,233860,10236869,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Stone Island,"Did you like Mount & Blade? This could possibly be for you. Picture the desert: it's vast, empty, barely anything around... now throw in some ninjas.♥♥♥♥♥♥just got real. It's a single player RPG focusing on open-ended gameplay and is labelled as a sort of squad-based Oblivion mixed with X-Com Apocalypse.Control the ♥♥♥♥ out of them ninja's  and run around the desert trying to kill dust bandits and trying to avoid getting stabbed in the process.This game has a ridiculous amount of potential. Voting on it's current state I'd give it a 6/10.** Note this game is in ALPHA."
76561198038940189,Recommended,233860,7304657,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Dromu,If you love RPG games you dont want to miss out on this gemIm waiting for 0.50 update to play the hell out of it againIts one of the most awesome games i played
76561198019224823,Recommended,233860,10243720,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Wilokers,"This game... Has the potentiel to be one of the best games of all time.  It is a lot of fun and hours will fly faster dollar bills at a strip club.  You will love Kenshi, but I wouldn't recommend getting in now in its current state.The only reason I say this is because it will torture you for waiting.You will play the game, and you will learn everything and thrive.  After awhile you'll realize that its all pointless.  It's all pointless because you will cap out early and everything willl go away whenever the next update comes out.  Because it's still in eary access.My problem is that you could create the greatest character, but it's pointless because it'll all be gone whenever the next update comes out.  Every update adds great rich content to the game; although, the game updates slower than dial-up.The game has been in developement for about three or so years I believe, and it will probably be at least another year before its completion.I'm still technically recommending the game because I can't bring myself to actually not recommend it.  It truly is an amazing game that everyone should get.  If you've read this article hopefully you take this advice: wait till it officially releases to buy it, or if its on sale buy it and wait till its actual release or later builds.  It will save you many hours and heartache."
76561198090340699,Recommended,233860,10244250,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Eggs,"this game has a lot of potential, pretty fun, and you can put in a good 10 hours before getting bored if you play correctly."
,Recommended,233860,10244791,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,spanese,"I was kind of worried I might have bought the game and wasted 20 bucks on it, turns out to be really amazing once you get into it. It has its ups and downs, for example: some buildings are buggy, sometimes pathing isn't the best, some characters will stay stuck in a rock. But, since it is alpha state, I guess you can give it a little of a blind eye, the updates aren't as frequent, don't expect one every week or so. The game starts out slow, and is a really slow pace game, however, once you understand everything you will get so into it. For example: you will won't go into a bandit fight and hope to win, with just three characters with you, unless you plan how to distract some, and move around to flank. Maybe you want to be a loner, well, you start at the bottom and make your way to the top. Slowly, but surely, you will make it. Want to build the best town in the whole map? Go ahead, but prepare yourself for some random battles with the bandits. Want to be a merchant? Then you must travel the whole land to might the best prices to buy and then sell. The best thing about the game, is simply put, this is how you make your story. You aren't unique, just a regular guy. Good luck."
76561198019326775,Recommended,233860,10245129,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Anominous_rex,good fun
,Recommended,233860,10245566,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Niglet,"Extremely entertaining game, although it seems after 4-5 hours on a world, everyone starts to disappear and I only have the samurai left, aside from that, definant 10/10"
,Recommended,233860,10245837,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,BlackStarr911,"The Joys Of Buying a Early Access Games. Fist time i loaded it up, My character was flying through the air. but apart from that its a pretty good game."
,Recommended,233860,10247322,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Eternull,"Great concept, totally worth it and fun! Amazingly unique gameplay style, lots of customization, and it's not even finished yet! :)"
76561198060558381,Recommended,233860,9402935,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Beroan03,This game is fun to play with so many ways to play it.
,Not Recommended,233860,9403624,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Carlos,"Let me start saying this. This game has an amazing atmosphere and the steampunk desert samurai vibe is probably worth it's own HBO series. The first two or three hours of this game gave me a feeling I barely ever have had while playing a game. It felt like I was playing that game I wanted all my childhood, but simply nobody created.But that's exactly the problem with this game. It's unpolished to the point of looking antique. With all it's amazing potential and fun possibilities, it's infested with bugs of both graphic and gameplay nature. It's extremely fun to play, addictingly so, but you soon realize how the outer shell of this game is just that, an empty husk.That would be completely fine for an alpha in development for maybe half a year or so, but this game is simply not gonna be finished anytime soon (I give it 3 to 4 years, if I had to guess-.-  Atleast at the speed it's been going). I hope steam kicks out this game from their early release line so that the guy(/s) creating this beauty can join a bigger studio and use their clearly brilliant talent on some more realistic project.Final words:If you have a very strong masochistic tendency towards unique games. Buy this and get a psychiatric eval done, there's something really wrong with you."
,Not Recommended,233860,9406034,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Unsed,This game was definitely more alpha than I ithought. More like a working concept of design. Dont buy this game expecting it to be playable just yet. Personally i can only hope there will be updates enough in the future for the game to actually be worth the 20 i spent on it. For now...2/10-pray it gets better.
76561198059620828,Recommended,233860,9415620,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Gryphon,"Feels like ""Banished"" but with fighting.At the moments its a fairly featureless sandbox - there is little motive to do anything. But there is trading to be done, and plenty of random encounters with bandits that will get your character levelling nicely.I am most impressed though by the vision of the game, the setting and atmosphere are very original and the gamplay so far has also been hinting towards a world that, once complete/better developed, could contain an enourmous variety of gameplay styles, the bones for plenty of lore, things to discover and explore.Out of the many sandbox games that are around at the moment, this one has me most intrigued by its potential...so long as the updates keep coming in."
76561198068418674,Recommended,233860,9419546,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,page3890,I love this Game. one of the best games ever i fully recomind this even though it's unfinished
,Recommended,233860,9421076,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Rawsome83,"Amazing open world RPG or RTS, depending on your playstyle. Huge ammount of depth so far, and easy to lose yourself in. Tons of bugs though that must be said, but there is an auto-save feature aswell as quick-save/quick-load to negate this (somewhat). Keep in mind, this is an early access game.Very unique art style to say the least. Imagine some sort of post-apocolyptic desert world filled with bandits and people trying to uphold some sort of law, and sprinkle this with some heavily inspired steampunk and oriental saumrai design. Interesting gaming mechanics all over the place with forging of clans, building of villages and starting a trading society.All in all, I strongly suggest you check it out. Atleast see some YouTube videos of it's gameplay. 9/10"
76561198012192146,Not Recommended,233860,9434772,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Darkdjinn,"This is one of my favorite style of games, yet this one has been LONG time in development and bugs All over the place.I hope to see more fixing of bugs as it is near unplayable for more than an hour before a crash or some of the troops infect another's movements or toons get stuck in a building.Of course I will swiftly change my rating as soon as some more bugs are fixed and I can enjoy the game fully."
,Not Recommended,233860,9435640,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,kookiekrak,no updates
76561198043852377,Recommended,233860,9460117,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,difflockcliff (MinoraMarine),This is a really great game. it is unique and it offers something really great for RPG Lovers. You can have a whole group of worthless peasants and turn them into the ultimate fighting force to just go out and kick♥♥♥♥♥and on top of that you can build your own little outpost or even a whole village if you wantedThe game is still heavilly in development but seeing the game was created by just 1 guy its really impressive.At first the game took ages to see updates but from what i know the dev employed some skilled helpers to bring the game up to speed and updates are more frequent now.The main thing I love about this game is that you play it at your pace. If you just want to chill and build a base you can however you have to haul materials or create a mine and processor and fabricate your own materials or you can just go out and live off the land and loot all the dead bodies you leave in your wake. :)If you like rpgs and like games where you can build and research I would def say this game is a must buy. Just keep in mind it is an early access game and bugs are expected :)
76561198012007932,Recommended,233860,9461284,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,spongebob :),excelent fun game enuff said :D
,Recommended,233860,9463625,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Kemal Bomber,"Despite being glitchy, unpolished and very crashy this game has already delivered on an amazing experience despite still being such an early alpha."
76561198052734858,Recommended,233860,8747652,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Sorashin,"Lovende og skjeldent kult! Men utviklinga 'ta ""alpha""spillet går nesten ikke fremover lengre :("
76561198012960701,Recommended,233860,9309731,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Neidles,"Just started playing, takes a little to find your bearings. I am not fond of the crash that tells me to use an option that is unavailable. Anyway they work on these things I am shure it will get smother. I like the research I like the fighting. Not crazy about the 20 person mob attacking me at times. But I am getting stronger from it. I am excited about the multiplayer play. Cant wait to see how that goes.Over all, Worth the money. I am shure I will get hours of play out of it."
76561198010972442,Recommended,233860,9312985,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,yurisan=VX9=,it would be nice to hire mpc as your guards or make your guys as guards and remove them from group so they just stay were you tell them and def the base....but this game looks good like it.
76561198055531641,Recommended,233860,9325762,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,piratem2,"While at first this game was hard to get into, and I still haven't gotten very far, once I got the hang of things this game was very entertaining.  It also has plenty of oportunity for those people who obsess over every little detail, there are a lot of details.  Great game."
76561198062294781,Recommended,233860,9331820,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,GodPain,"Yes I do recommend this game not because its complete, is the best possible game but you put around 20 hours into one or two characters and at the end of that day you will walk into the sunset to your fort nad you will feel like a badass."
76561198025587504,Recommended,233860,9334595,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,jhut73,"Intersting, vast and thoughtful. I know its been in Alpha stage for some time.. I hope an end is nearing because this game has a lot of potential. Even in its current state it's an amazing immersive sandbox masterpiece :) Get some bugs out, add some more content... What a game! I enjoy my adventures throughout the land!"
76561198039195549,Recommended,233860,9353965,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Ram5011,"I bought this game about two years ago, played for an hour, and put it down. It simply wasn't at thelevel of development that i considered playable. I pick it back up about a week ago and have been hooked. Seriously. Battlefield 4 and even titanfall have taken a back seat in the last week. I can't stop playing. Can't wait for the final product. Extremely well done sir."
,Recommended,233860,9359259,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Tallios,"This is a very promising ""Squad-based"" game.  I'm liking the take on how you start a ""faction"" and as long as you have members who ""keep the faith"" you go on indefinately."
76561198127967534,Recommended,233860,9362036,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Lord of Poop,"I played the trial, it was amazing...I bought the game, and now there are no bandits... Anywhere."
76561198025972983,Recommended,233860,9958215,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,roryjjohnson,Game is fun omg. Cant wait for the full relaese.
,Recommended,233860,9974982,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,PooManChoo,"This game is awesome, it combines solid fun base building with RPG group gameplay in an open world environment. The graphics aren't stellar but that will change as it's developed. I can't wait for the future adventures this game holds!Currently your primary source of entertainment is traveling around, fighting, trading and base building. All of which are made rather difficult roving bands of bandits but after you learn the basics they are easy to hold off. The fun in this game for me is the combination of open world fun and the base building aspect. You build anywhere and just start creating your own little town with the help of (up to 19 or so - i think this can be increased with a mod) followers.If this game were to ever work with Mout & Blade I may never return to the real world. :)"
76561198001504539,Recommended,233860,9975428,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,-Tesla-,This is a great up and coming beta where user input and developer ideas actully mesh and start the begining of a great game
76561198046868764,Recommended,233860,9976528,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Space Godfather,"It's a good game, but there are lots of glitches that need to be worked out. For example, there is a bandit that no one can land a hit on and killed 16 caravan guards and mercenaries and hasn't even recieved a scratch."
,Recommended,233860,9981336,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Eternallity,"This game is fantastic, it may still be a work in progress but what it offers is still Great, Combat is fun and of course difficult, I enjoy the fact you actively see your people getting better at combat in how they fight, i enjoy the building and crafting, once more stuff gets put in the game its gonna be one of my favorite games hands down."
,Recommended,233860,9822206,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Intervalic Perception,"After much skepticism and debating whether or not I should purchase this game, I finally did (obviously). Good god, was it worth it! I've put nearly 10 hours into the game up to this point and I haven't even touched building yet. I've been obsessing with making each merc I hire as unique and 'real' as possible. Maybe a medic won't focus so much on their strength, so they won't have as big of muscles as their heavy armor-clad samurai companion would. You get the point. All in all, for what the game currently is, and claims to become, $20 is a meager price to pay. Remember, the game is still in early access, there will probably be bugs/glitches/crashes/etc (still worth it, in my opinion.).I give it a 7.5/10 at the moment ONLY because it is incomplete. I give the concept an absolute 11/10."
76561198014147932,Recommended,233860,9826270,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,ragenz,"Okay so its an alpha build which plays better then some games that  i have seen and follow that proclaim beta, it comes with its own modding tools for those who ""cant wait"" . the combat system is beautiful and your lead character is NOT a god unit it can die. this actual engine could be resjinned for several types of hanes on the same dynamic from space mariens on a bug ridden world s to mystic warriors with majiks and stuff .. it can get wierd with ai pathing / haveing to leave your gates open when tradeing or the dude walking back to opening them , or strange scatttering and getting stuck on nothingness .. also travleing above a certain threshhold sems to force your guys  to get stuck to the point of haveing them picked up and put down just to make them move again , doing this to an unconsious person fires them across the map and sometimes 5k up. but after all that ... waiting for 50 grade 5 katanas so you can seelem , fearing you will get jumped on trade route and loose 100k worth of merchendise amd even worse the trader himself bleeding out while you rush to his aid  .. awsome game played it non stop 4 days , still worried about bandit raids cannot leave them unattended must watchem or i might losem it took 4 days to get  bims weapon smith skill this high i will cry if hes dies."
,Recommended,233860,9827396,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Nadian,You can control squads of people in their underwear. 10/10 Like skyrim with guns.
,Recommended,233860,9837697,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Noobixcubee,"Having only recently discovered Kenshi thanks to a friend I immediately dove right in.My first impression of the game is an overall positive, Kenshi is something I have wanted for a while, a freeroam RTS style squad game with no set story path, allowing you to use your imagination.The game is however unfortunately plagued with bugs, such as characters getting stuck on walls and tends to crash after about an hour or two ( admittedly that could just be my computer).My advice before buying is to ensure you understand that while this game is a gem it is also in alpha and appears to be staying in alpha for quite some time to come. But if you have patience and want to support the developer may I be the first to welcome you to the wastelands of Kenshi!"
76561198112762059,Recommended,233860,9837966,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,A Norwegian Cab Driver,"Its very hard to play for me.I am forcing myself to play,All that it needs is to be faster paced than what it currently is.also theres not a lot of music.But with updates going like they are then this review will out of date."
76561198018764379,Recommended,233860,9844539,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,amksla,"I support this game because I like it... That said if you have extra money to ""invest"" I'd say its worth it. Very open ended but very far from complete this game has most of what you expect as of 4/4/14 as far as an in development game goes. However this is very far from complete and if your looking for a game for playability this probably isn't for you just yet but its a fun sandbox for many hours as it stands."
76561198057424178,Recommended,233860,9871893,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Achaeus,"City Building squad based RPG goodness. I really like this game. Don't try and play another game at the same time with it. As it's still in alpha there are bugs, but the developers do a good job working it out. Interface is easy to use and straightforward. Graphics will look really good when it's done :D"
,Not Recommended,233860,9873327,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,HunterHunter,"I understand this  game is in alpha but I would suggest to those who are interested in this game to wait for a long time before buying because this game is very far from finished. I look forward to revisiting it in the future but it is very far from being in a playable state. This has the potential of being a great game but it is progressing at a snails pace so if you are interested in this game, just wait on it for a little while. I got tired of waiting because I have followed this game for a long time. As a result, I decided to finally buy the unfinished game but I think it may have been a waste for now."
76561197969697034,Recommended,233860,9905091,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,OverlordNemesis,"As it stands, in Early Alpha, there is so much promise in this game.The Developer talks to us often, puts out major updates, tells us of planned updates, and throws out Hotfixes with amazing speed.While there is much not yet in game, as even the game map will be increased and changed, I feel it is more then worth the price, to get the chance to support this game, and watch it grow.(There is even an option to import your characters into new builds, so you do not lose at least some of the progress you make in these Alpha Builds)"
76561198018516278,Recommended,233860,9714343,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,woolygod,♥♥♥♥ing brilliant
,Recommended,233860,9002686,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Harmless Shrubbery,"I have never been so proud to own a game since Kenshi, This game is going places.  Being in early access this game has A LOT of bugs but there is no doubt that in a while everyone will know and love Kenshi.20/10 for Infinite WingWang"
,Recommended,233860,9003046,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Chocolate Thottie,"I'm very much on the fence about whether to recommend this game or not. But I feel I'd recommend it albeit cautiously.The game is very Alpha state and for the price of 20$ it's not worth it right now so don't get it full price. However, it is getting updated regularly so once you exhaust what the game has to offer within about 20 hours you can come back a few months later and it'll be a different game.This is how your first moments of Kenshi go before you get the hang of it (about the first 6 hours for me):You will die, and you will die a lot. Enemy bandit groups will wreck you so hard kid. You will start a small settlement with a few hired hands. You will all be slaughtered by bandits/ninjas. You will begin to build buildings and move up the tech tree. You will get killed and may suffer some perma death on some of your buddies because surprise you got raided again. BUT THIS TIME you took more of the enemies out than before and from this point you can put everyone on high alert and kill bandits as they come in and you'll level up your guys enough.It's a needlessly frustrating beginning honestly. However, once you get the hang of the game there is an immense sense of satisfaction that you have conquered something and gotten to learn the nuances of a deep, rich, and rewarding game and it will have you begging for there to be more once you have reached the essential endgame of building a successful player town.If you get this, read the community guides completely. Don't go into this game blind. And pick the option that gives you 6 other AI for free and building materials for your first playthru. Later you can try a game as the cripple mofo to make your balls feel big.tl;dr: You will die a lot but if you have the patience it's worth it and this game will probably be better as time goes on. Lots of promise. Pick it up on sale in its current state"
,Recommended,233860,9010873,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Str8Shroomin,pretty cool game. give it a try!
,Recommended,233860,9056854,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,FINLicker87,"Path bugs have made me start all over again several times now since you can't destroy a finished building and demolishing also means that you lose the building materials used in it, but over-all a great game!"
,Recommended,233860,9068615,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,InterCorpse,"Great game. It's like Mount and Blade mixed with Fallout one, a little rough around the edges though. Can't wait until its finished."
76561198047480198,Recommended,233860,8975702,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Gramz,"Do I recommend this game. Yes. But I believe it needs a lot more work. The interface is clunky, the concept is awesome, but the GUI is confusing, and the melee is pretty relentless. I don't mean that in a good way. I couldn't really grasp it the way I thought it would be, especially for $20. Unfortunately I bought it right after a steam sale for this, and I didn't even realize it. :/ Hopefully you keep updating this game. I'd like to see where it goes, I've been following the development for a while, and finally got my hands on it. I was kinda let down, but I have hopes that you'll get it running smoothly eventually."
,Recommended,233860,8977933,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Bobbikus,"When I first started this game, literally the first thing I did, was die. After acidentally clicking to attack a guy I didnt know, whilst in a town, just seeing what the buttons do. I was beaten to death by that guy, plus a shop keeper and about ten or so guards. was a pretty funny start.Then I spent the next hours or so getting to know the menus, the stats, and finding out how much my guy sucked at combat, and so the next few hours was spent aggroing swarms of enemies into the towns, so I can steal their armour and sell it for moneys, for which I bought myslef a few new friends, and med kits.Now about 9 hours in, I have a strong group of 10 with mixed skills, a small town, if you can call it that, which I have a few homes, a shop, a stone mine and processor for profits, small shacks with I use for melee training or trapping people in, without armour, I had 15 in one small shack at one point, they kept fighting each other as they were different clans too. So I had to take their weapons away from them to stop them killing each other :)Now im a quite resource supplier to the towns nearby. I have eleven meaty guys and gals who are ready to kill at a whim, two are medics, two are pack mules and four are tanks. Two are workers for my stone mine and the new farm I created. Tghe last one is my scientist, does nothing but research in a locked room.So, if you like deep games, with a more than meets the eye amount of gameplay, then get this game. The above I have achieved without really knowing what to the game was about or how to play it. So you can do it with little, if any, guidance provided you are willing to explore the game yourself, which recommend you do.Stick with this game, get your squad stong and this game is awesome, for early access one of the best i'v enjoyed so far..."
76561198009667994,Recommended,233860,8982862,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Thaalgar,"A brilliant game, well worth the money paid for it. Even though it's only at alpha, it still has a ton of content, and the foundations for more stuff is sitting there waiting. I would NOT recommend this game if you're easily frustrated: the learning curve for this game is steep, and you will have to start fresh a few times: One of the few play throughs I wasn't imediately slaughtered in, I made the mistake of hiring worthless scum for my squad instead of dishing out for trained soldiers; kept having to abandon my base due to ninja raids. But with a little patience, some long-term planning and some luck, you can really build something awesome in this game."
76561198049007591,Recommended,233860,9394274,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Kristophy CTx,this game rocks it has a long way to go but it really is a whole new world its crazzy and fun and most important exicting now you have a huge learning curve ahead if you partake this game u learn to servive your self
76561198007116265,Recommended,233860,10119010,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Ivan the Gent,"I love it, it was one of my first early access games bought on steam and no other early access has ever come close to being as enjoyable as Kenshi for me.The concept is inspired and the setting has real gravitas. Mad MAX meets Samurai epic.Considering this is an alpha still, there is alot to do, I have only ever played 1 character and his followers but between base building, getting rich, training stats and skills and eventually assaulting NPC towns (Holy Nation was my target a while back) there is alot to do.I can see this being a game that appeals to a certain type of player, but those players will love it with a passion."
,Recommended,233860,8863315,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Chaotic Entropy,"It's certainly coming along, when it first came on early access I couldn't really get in to it, but since then I have found a fair amount of enjoyment in it. Still has a long way to go in terms of functionality and streamlining, but it has great potential and I feel that supporting it's development was a good choice."
76561198027292248,Recommended,233860,8864509,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Khalso,"Kenshi is a fantastic game that is well worth the money payed for it. It takes a bit of time to fully understand how to play and how to get organised and truly experience the game. However, its combat and building system is unique and quite enjoyable! This game has a lotof potential and I'm looking forward to future updates!"
76561198034465625,Recommended,233860,8894311,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Spintown,So addicitively good
,Recommended,233860,8894465,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Wolfburns,"I've been playing since about .4 I believe (before sound at least) and I have to say this game is very awesome for what I was looking for. If you have ever wanted to build a town and actually be the one who is calling all the shots and not some AI in the background then this is it. I really like building games like this in a 3d world since most of the time its God mode looking down on his tiny ant creation. It is a very tough game and you have to dedicate a decent amount of time in order to have solid footing, but its very satisfying once you have that foothold to then expand and take over."
76561198077214202,Recommended,233860,8895027,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Link,"I've owned Kenshi for a while now, and all in all it's a great game, supported by a responsive developer. The game is fun, letting you grow your faction and your base over time as you explore the world and research and unlock more powerful weapons and armor."
76561198004314108,Recommended,233860,8895479,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,blackrenshai,"fun, fairly frequent updates, bug exist but it is a work in progress, and...its progressing rather nicely thus far!"
,Recommended,233860,8895631,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,John Magnus,"I really loved this game. It is what I expected from other games. The only things that annoy me from it are the constant crashes, but it isnt finished yet! But it is very fun and promising. I really recommend this game."
76561198039336018,Recommended,233860,8895952,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Fallenleaders,I didnt really care much for the game when it was first avalable for earily access but since then the game has come along way and is quite enjoyable.
76561198061182642,Recommended,233860,8896073,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,xDemonDog,Definitely recommended. If you are a fan of RPG's and RTS's then I suggest you try this game.
76561198036710314,Recommended,233860,10159714,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Verrix,"As of now, I have 14 hours on record and I must say, I am pleased thus far! I have had no ""crashes"" that I read so much of in the reviews,( and was dreading,) so apparently that bug has been addressed. I see a great deal of potential here, and am looking forward to features that are currently unavailable being added! I love the ""sandbox"" aspect of this game, and there is, even at this stage, a great amount you can do with the city building aspect - and more to come. I highly recommend!"
76561198000949711,Recommended,233860,16964074,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,tlsteel,Best game I've purchased yet! A must buy!
76561198026191965,Recommended,233860,18225485,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,|STE|Thekill9714,"When I first got the game it was around the time it was first released and I was heavily interested in the concept.The concept being that the game is alike to a post Apocalypse Japan in turn alike to the anime desert punk or Trigun being closer to the former. One of the shining features in my view is the customization and changeability the players can make to the world. There is though a lack of stuff in the world of interest to explore however, before said players make the changes.  The game is still progressing and is fun to sink hours of play into but its con is that its development time is slow compared to other games that have been greenlighted. The game still has the potential and ability to progress further and is most likely going to do so however, as said keep in mind it will be slow."
,Recommended,233860,18215849,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,PikaTaco,"Awsome game.start off as the weakest guy in town.Scavenge some stuff to sell.Get beat up, Toughness level up!Get over confident because you leveled up.Get beat up again, Toughness level up again!Fight smart.Get beat up again, Toughness level up again!Find alone guy.Beat him up.Feel like a super hero.Then hire some guys and start making your own town! This game is awsome. just wish updates came out a little more often but other than that i love this game so much!"
,Recommended,233860,18127627,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,The Wanderer King,"This game seems to have immense promise.  I check in periodically to see the progress, but for me, for now, it's just too open and too directionless.If I wanted to figure out my life, I'd figure out my real life first, which is hard enough.  At least Starbound has missions.But seriously, I can see this game going to an epic place, it's just too early for me to enjoy.  I do recommend it, however, as they keep updating it (unlike Starforge: Alpha)."
76561198098464193,Recommended,233860,18150031,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Darkrath,"Shows great potential,but is a little unstable and empty at the moment. Definetivly worthkeeping an eye on though."
76561197978395756,Not Recommended,233860,789148,"Posted: 23 March, 2013",all,Leaf,"I revisited this game after about a year, hoping there would be more to do, unfortunately this game has progressed excrutiatingly slow. The developer does release regular updates for the game, but there hasn't been much to do in this game other than kill people and make a base for too long"
,Recommended,233860,3930486,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Sylethian,"Kenshi is an underrated Steam Greenlight project well worth the investment even in its current early Alphas development stage.There are bugs, the game is NOT feature complete, but it's more engrossing and more fun than many games much more expensive."
76561198119594208,Recommended,233860,17032355,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,JohnVars,"This game is awesome! just got it a few days ago and have to forceably pull myself away from it. I realize that this game has been in alpha for a while, but the developers are regularly updating and have tons more planned!  One thing i did notice is that there doesn't seem to be a reason to keep prisoners unless your sadistic and want to beat them up to level your attack and weapon skills. if its for money then you could just bring them straight to the police or slavers."
,Recommended,233860,17053079,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,MuffinManDan,"Great potential. However, currently very buggy; as in major game breaking bugs.Still fun, but you may want to wait until beta before purchasing."
,Recommended,233860,17279320,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,eriladin,"Wonderfull game, feels ""real"", i mean when i make a mistake,  i'm not willing to reload, i sufffer happilly the consequences, as the game allows mistakes even if it has a cost, and beeing hit hard by bandits can happen ! even if a character send searching leather is in coma, and 100miles away from my medic, i'd rather send him help before slavers take him, otherwise i'll have to practise lockpicking to get him back ..so i get ready to bodyguard my tiny medic woman , i leave heavy guards before my fortress, and go !Feels real, lively, human sized, huge, very handy to have pple do what i need, :my steelbars crafter goes mining when the miners didnt provide enough ore (so do the smith when he lacks steelbars ), then goes back to the steelbars making machine, then if i want to build something nearby, he goes building it automagically (taking needed furmiture in the store , itself autofilled by other crafters)) before going back to his secondary work, beause his first is engineer, and he is in charge of building !of course, he wasnt so efficient in his early days here...I absolutely love the desert, the mountains, the cities...though they dont show nowadays netgen graphics, i love the characters, (the portrait panel auto updates when anything happens to them, clothing/armour change, coma, slavery...I love to have spent my day seaching the perfect spot , with water, ore, stone, and a wonderfull view on the sunset above the next town (handily close enough for me to send a character to said city in a clic, to buy/sell whatever i want there, when he'll be there, a window will pop up and i'll be watching him in a right clic on his portrait in the panel...only thing i personnaly disliked WAS the UI, looked too ""fallout"" for me (though i loved fallouts games), but i edited a few textures and now its ok !And all this is MODDABLE .i created myself a magical backpack with low chances to find it, found it and the, had the opportunity to pack all my stocks of resources to reload (import) my game in a brand new world as i had learnt so much i wanted to rebuild my home base completely, and destroying it would have been too time consuming.Bugs ?well i got a fair computer, maybe it helps, and now i know what can cause (the very few ) errors, (like loading a save after having played one without quitting the game..( never a good idea in most complex games) my save is 100 hours old, and i had really few errors, nothing gamebreaking or that couldnt be repared.So Kenshi is absolutely playable, if you've played any 4X, like samurais, strat games, and are not afraid to get involved in your teams life, buy and play, so the dev will ""finish"" his game faster, and make a second with plenty enough of money to give us the best game ever !hem, did i say it was moddable ?i forgot, spent too many hours aday these last weeks since i (finally) bought this game, and feel a bit tired.. but i must find that perfect spot for them, they are still waiting in the high city...there were too many bandits in the last one i had found...the dev team said:“Kenshi is currently in alpha state. The game is still in development and is missing many features.""there is yet so much to do ! ofc, such a game can never be completed, one can always add features, new buildings, a new appearance for Ciry.. hem maybe not for Ciry..the point is that they have a roadmap, and want to achieve it before feeling the game can stop beeing in ""early"" access, but it IS accessible now, and absolutely playable.So get it, now !"
76561198028391188,Recommended,233860,17224153,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,deltabravo219,"One of my favorite Steam games so far.  The recent updates seem to have made starting a new game a bit more difficult, as instead of my character simply getting the crap beat out of him/her for the first few encounters and waiting for them to recover in a coma, they simply bleed to death.  I've also had recent issues constructing a base in newer games, no matter how far from an established town/outpost I choose to construct my base, it is still 'too close to a town'.That said, this is one of the most enjoyable and challenging games in my library.  Character customization is extensive, and there are many weapon styles to pick from.  As of this review, the various factions don't influence much of the gameplay, aside from the bandit groups, the exception being the slavers.  After stumbling into their outpost looking for a place to offload some weapons my blacksmith had manufactured, my two characters were quickly incapacitated, healed, and dragged off to work in the mines deeper in the slaver compound.  As these were my two strongest fighters, I had to reload a previous save.After 44 hours, I have a decent base and a means to generate income.  It also keeps most of the bandit hordes at bay and serves as a means to explore the rest of the game world.  Recruits in the outlying towns are providing replacement laborers for my more experienced fighters, and I am slowly building an expeditionary fighting force to attempt to conquer a town.  It's been an enjoyable experience, and the only complaint I have thus far is that there isn't a great deal of direction, which may be frustrating for more casual players.  Those who enjoy learning harsh lessons through trial and error will be richly rewarded.I would recommend starting a game with more than one character in your party, otherwise be prepared to dodge bandit groups and shuffle between cities trading goods for profit until you can afford to buy the building materials you need to construct a base.  A larger party allows you to stand a chance in combat and salvage equipment from your fallen foes, which is a quicker way to earn the required cash and initially outfit yourself with better gear.I look forward to the finished product."
76561198017702155,Recommended,233860,17224851,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,intelligentperspective,"The Developers are making great strides in tthe progress of the game, Im impatient, but I always enjoy the new updates.It is squad based RPG. Every character in your squad can be upgraded in many different ways. It takes a lot of work to get your guys strong. You can build your own little town.I would suggest going to the website and read about what will be included in the game. It is definitely Early access, but it is playable. I backed this game a year ago but I am proud to say that the devs havn't dropped the ball, they are still working hard on it.Ive played through glithces and some bad AI problems that they had but it improves with time.You can adjust the difficulty in the game sliders, adjusting the number of enemies in a squad.Keep up the good work Lo-Fi Games."
,Recommended,233860,17226495,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,XxUndeadStonerxX,"For this game beig slow coming it continues to blow many indy games AWAY everyone want to copy MINECRAFT((The only game worse the CoD(Hate for all I care), Destiny, and Halo(people these buy these game solely for the franchise name and tha is it))Though Kenshi is fresh and new it slight seem to have a M&B sandbox feel is minor ways yet with minor hints onlyAnd with aq fesh new world to explore unlike ANY enviortment for a game I have seenThe empty desert of Kenshi is a challenge that is its own; the empty feelingt makes it feel that much more desprate to survive, and every char having human stats as wellSo you caqn expoit town but they still can kill youThe onlly missing is a bit more lore to the worldd not much but a little start  otherwise...This is 1000000/10 I give itBig studios have spoon feeding bs games like CoD all that crap...hope you all wake and realize what crap is a loaad of♥♥♥♥♥♥and stop buying it but you probably won't"
76561198023048492,Recommended,233860,17884299,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Chubby Kiko,"Well as much as I want to rant about the bugs in the game and they are many.. I find myself really enjoying the randomness of the game, which at times can be very unfair with the new patches. For exmple: the  .75 patch they implenmented the thief with the police recongnition of stolen goods, and found myself in a battle with some anrgy officers over some boots i picked of  bandits lol.  i guess  i can say for  myself that i like the feeling not knowing whats next. in all kenshi fulfills the need of this for the most part. SOoo. is it worth it? yes!!... for $20 nah get when its on discount. =P"
76561198023824045,Recommended,233860,3502603,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Reaper,"If you havent tried Kenshi yet, your missing out on a real good game.  I recommend buying this right away and checking it out!"
,Recommended,233860,2669997,"Posted: 10 April, 2013",all,Omegaprime02,"I played the Demo on Desura once a very long time ago, loved it and was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that I could not get it there, I bought it the instant I saw it on Steam.  Even less than half way finished I have sunk hours into it without realizing it.  For a RPG-RTS hybrid this is one of the greatest games I have ever played, mainly for the reason that you are NOT the Chosen One.  Now please excuse me while I go sink the rest of my life into this game."
,Recommended,233860,11068183,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,4th,"This game will be great, but currently it is too buggy to recommend. Sure, if you purchase it you will get some nice enjoyment out of it but as you get further into the game bugs will undoubtably ruin your experience. For example, two of your characters can get stuck together and there is no known way to unstick them, meaning you can not use them for anything.That being said, once that is fixed there are a few other glitches but none that are as crippling so if you are super interested in the game, go ahead, but if you aren't sure, just wait. The game will be amazing, but it isn't amazing just yet."
,Recommended,233860,17198889,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Dyne,"I hold no illusions that Kenshi will ever be completed; as such it's really hard to recommend someone spend $20 on something unfinished. It was a highly ambitious concept that didn't attract enough support early on and doesn't have a team large enough to implement.HOWEVER if you do want to spend the money, it's still a fun experience as-is. The incomplete parts do get frustrating but if you are in it just to check out an early concept for a city building RPG, you'll enjoy yourself. It's a bit like Mount & Blade with more focus on building and trading (although Mount & Blade's combat system totally decimates Kenshi's). I don't see myself investing a ton of time into it as once you get a city going there's really no reason to continue playing, but I've enjoyed myself.PROS- Unique blend of RPG and Builder that hasn't been done in this manner before.- Large amount of research and construction to undertake which will keep you in the game for a while.- Party system works well enough, hopefully there will be more options in the future.CONS- High learning curve if you aren't willing to read the forums. Lots of players complain that they never got anywhere or that it was too hard simply because they don't understand what they're supposed to be doing.- Cities are filled with empty buildings and NPC's that have no purpose whatsoever. It breaks immersion pretty quickly.- Camera controls are atrocious."
76561198031820408,Recommended,233860,17197348,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,RK Skuller,"The game i a lot of fun, you can run around looking for straglers or loot a battle field after guards kill 10-20 bandits, or you could lose a fight to slavers and become a slave until you manage to get away. My favorite thing to do in this game is be self proclaimed ronin of the people and develop a bad a@@ squad of 7 that can defeat 4 or 5 times more enemies in one fight, however that takes a while to do which is kind of nice because you can go from peasant to super warriors in the period of 2-3 months"
,Recommended,233860,3877808,"Posted: 13 May, 2013",all,oherrala,"Dwarf Fortress meets Minecraft but with katanas in desert. Awesome!There's character building, squad building, city building, crafting, research. Epic sword fights, lost limbs and limbing samurais."
76561198066054320,Recommended,233860,18009636,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Happy Sloth,"FUN GAME, BUT QUITE BUGGY.. TIME CONSUMING TOO, BUT EASY TO LEAVE AND BE AFK ONCE YOU GET A BIT BETTER..  I ENJOYED IT!"
76561198011832071,Recommended,233860,17938084,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Dirty Space Monkey,"The entire time I've owned Kenshi, I've never had a computer good enough to run it. Now I do and this game is a dream!  Can't wait to not die before I build a city!"
76561198120762892,Recommended,233860,17921369,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,FantasyWriter01,A great sandbox with loads of potential. I appreciate the seemingly regular updates and look forward to a full release one day.  As a longtime fan of ArmageddonMUD atarmageddon.orgI really enjoy the post appocolyptic desert theme.
,Recommended,233860,17975574,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Kyovolk,A good game a bit slow to start but still a good deal of fun. I would like it better if it were multiplayer i think.
76561198033763286,Recommended,233860,17960927,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Dudeism,"The potential this game has is seeminly limitless, however so too is the length of time development on this ambitious project seemingly takes. Many game features remain unavailable a long time into alpha and others seem to be clunky or clumsy. Part simulator, part rpg, can be a lot of fun.Purchase this if you:-Like swords-Like to struggle-Enjoy complex game play with a moderate learning curveAvoid this game if you:-Don't like swords (Why wouldn't you!?)-Want a finished product-Are easily frustrated or have little paitance6/10 Worth some time"
76561198027455960,Recommended,233860,18083500,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,darkgritty,excellent postapoc style and gameplay
76561198083104009,Recommended,233860,18077028,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,PFC Reekie [29th ID],fun but very time consuning
76561198050555440,Recommended,233860,16855060,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Someone 🌹,"Even in its alpha state, the game has had me want to play it. One thing that it excels at is making me care about my characters which other open world sandboxes don't see me doing. For one, the aesthetics of the buildable buildings and turrets really gives a great wasteland/post-apoc feel. I also enjoy the fact that in order for my characters to get better they have to get beaten up and nearly die before they can turn the tables."
,Recommended,233860,17512301,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,QuartzHD,"Unique game.The graphics are simple but good looking, pretty detailed and fps is stable. Gameplay is fun and addicting,tho there are not so many things right now but devs seem to be working on it. Im still getting into the game but as of i heard you can either keep building your base somewhere far away from the bandits and other conflicts or you can recruit some peeps, train em up on a dummies and then start attacking others and even enslave them to make them your miners / builders etc. As for me, this is the game ive been looking for."
76561198062158476,Recommended,233860,17822170,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,SirAlmostClutch,"So I am going to try to keep this short.The gameplay is based partly on your own imagination, and or ability to be creative, nonetheless has a solid base rpg structure.The development is slow(games has been in alpha for at least 4 years), but on the brightside the developer finnaly got a team awhile back and progress picked up alot.The music for this game is FRGIN AWESOME(imo).If you don't want to buy in early for fear of dissapointment, go to lofigames and put your email on the ""notify me when finished"" list.Personaly, I give this game 8 out of 10. Thats based on my $15 buy in 2 or 3 years ago.This games have massive plans though, and a HUGE world update coming soon, which is suppose to put the game into a beta state.For more info visit.http://lofigames.com/the site has alot of cool updates and forums for the gameFor more info about the music and how its done(because it really is that awesome) visit,http://kolemusician.com/blog/"
76561198041082249,Recommended,233860,17822944,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Courier,great game and the dev puts a lot of love in to it
76561198007691527,Recommended,233860,10608552,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Sesame_Street078,"Het is een goeie gae waarmee je je flink vermaakt met actieve game designers die hem constant updaten en luisteren naar je reactie, Maar het blijf natuurlijk een game die niet klaar is en nog veel bugs heeft maar de gameplay is al subliem het is een goede survival game waarmee je eigen crew creert en overleeft en meschien ook wel niet dat maak t juist zo leuk."
76561198009549547,Recommended,233860,16921132,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Dances_With_Bears,"this game is, well..... MASSIVE. Even in its current state it does alot better than most early access game. There is so much to do and more to come, I comppletely understand that this team has taken well over 2 years to get this far, it requires LOTS of work and funding. Especially sense this is such a vast game."
76561198062886816,Recommended,233860,17131829,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Wolf Leader,"Still great potential;I bought this game over a year ago and is has came a long way.... i fist played when it was exremely buggy but now there isnt that many bugs... its a great game and theres so much that can be added to it... very time consuming though... once you learn how to play its really simple.PROS: 1. Game that makes time pass fast,2. Lots of materials and weapons so the game has a lot to offer,3. Big map with many towns and cities4. You can build your own little base/town5. Theres more pros than I can list X3CONS: 1. When I wrote this review this is what I found... There is a good number of different bugs that randomly occur2. There is somewhat of a slow developmentFirst time playing after a year I just chose to have my own character... I decided to travel to another town... while I left the current town I was in I noticed people walking in the desert... I thought ill go say hey... I walked up to the group and i thought to myself i was like hey but then they wanted to slice their swords into my stomach so I booked it back to the town... I almost made it but they caught up to me and... well lets just say my guy apparently likes to just stand there surrounded and get murdered by bandits... once they left me unconcious they decided to loot me and leave me to die... my guy bleed out and that was the end of his journey... I started another game and have a gigantic base full of people... I make a lot of bread to sell to the fort nearby."
,Recommended,233860,17144701,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Ragnuhkok,"I have played Kenshi off and on a LOT and I must say that the game truly is amazing, but there a lot of things that can still be done to make Kenshi snag you EVEN harder. For example, things like trade caravans, hiring troops in bulk for expensive prices and most of all. The only thing that I must say that really kills this game and actually makes me stop playing it is the consistant crashes. Everything I do causes this game to crash. Sometimes my people glitch under the ground, troops walk inside eachother. I LOVE Kenshi, I love the idea behind Kenshi and I love the progress they have made, but I want a nice smooth gameplay and it seems that the game is always updated with new content, but it's always glitchy. Guys, I give you a 4/5, but I see potential to be a 6/5. Please take my word for it you beautiful game-making team."
76561198009289583,Recommended,233860,8894363,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Waldo,"This is a slow but fun game. It has been nice watching its development and I am happy with the new additions. I am really looking forward to the ""End"" sequence if he creates one. Excellent job for just one guy!"
,Recommended,233860,8689919,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Pope Kocaine.,"Constant crashes, poor optomization, bad AI with horrible pathing, empty land scapes.After giving the game a chance, I cannot recommend this to anyone in its current state. There may be volumes prasing this title, and I'm sure in a few months, if not years, it'll be well worth the money.Overall Score (In Current State): 5/10Gameplay is enjoyable, but bugs and crashing are to frequent to ignore.Visuals: 7/10Notably descent, as it fulfills a wasteland feel necessary for this game, but at the end of the day, it's still a desert.Gameplay: 3/10Entertaining, but fights become extremely repetative, require no action other than to watch and let them play out.Audio: 4/10Swords smashing, and bad glitchy audio that makes no sense at times."
76561198016512142,Recommended,233860,16093943,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,root,"I haven't bought many early access games, and luckily the ones I did buy are still being developed.Top of this list is still Kenshi, It's the one game where I'll opt for the (sometimes very unstable) unstable releases just to see some of the new content. I'm impatient to, and I'd like nothing more then to play the final game, but patience is a virtue. And the risk remains that the end result will be a game you don't really enjoy, but if you bought a couple games over the years it's no different then buying a full game you don't enjoy.Kenshi to me is the game that proves early access can be done right, even if the pace is slow. It doesn't try to please everyone, but it does it's own thing, and will most likely become a strong IP in years to come. I highly recommend this one as it will most likely become a classic.As for the game itself, check the Lofi games website or other resources before you buy the game. If I had to describe it, it's a bit like a real time fallout rpg with katanas where you can build your own town in the wastes."
,Not Recommended,233860,15670601,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Gunmetal Buffalo,"I hope you like sand and tan adobe buildings, because there's pretty much nothing to do besides wander the desert and get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked by bandits. You'll have plenty of time to admire the repeating sand textures and the copy/pasted buildings while you wait for your character to finish trudging across the desert, or to wake up from a bandit-induced coma."
,Recommended,233860,3894857,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,Rhazik,"Although it's in Alpha at the time of this writing, I would highly recommend checking this RTS/RPG sandbox hybrid out.  The game is largely unfinished, but the initial glimmers of polish can be seen in the development of this game.  The amount of time that must be put into character development really draws the user into the game and it draws upon a real sense of survival.  I personally can't wait until the game is fully finished."
76561197989521605,Recommended,233860,15766167,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Hellkyte,"This is the first review I've ever written for a game.   Maybe my last.  Who knows.  But I think it really deserves it.  Unique is a really hard word to put on a game these days.   Everything seems to fall into one genre or another.  And maybe this one does as well.  It's got some open world, building stuff.  It's got a sort of building a team thing like an x-com (but realtime).  It's a post apocalyptic setting.   But...those descriptors really don't even begin to describe it.  It's not really like anything I've ever played.   The setting alone is simply fantastic.  I mean Samurai Steampunk.  Why is this not a thing?  I guess Samurai 7 sort of fell into that category, but this is mort the post apocalyptic version of that.I sunk an exceptional amount of time into this game.    Don't get me wrong.  It's rough.  Like, really.  It's got a slow pace of development.  But it's also something you just don't see that much anymore, it's really a unique game from someone with a unique vision.   Watching my little dudes with their swords swinging taking something down is just so fascinating.  Watching them carry their wounded back, or limp across the desert with their broken arms.   It's just a beautiful thing."
76561198124122728,Recommended,233860,15141263,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Muffinman,"This game is quite nice. Depending if you want to turn up the graphics or not, it's up to you. The fighting to me was exciting. It's still in beta so I can't really say it's perfect, but it is still fun..*************EDIT****************Alright, just got back to this game and I must say that the people made so much progress. The only thing that is the problem is just dropping into the void or getting your butt kicked so many times.************EDIT************March 14, 2017Okay okay.. I got back to the game yet again. Guess what? It's freaking great. This game is probably the only game where I enjoy getting kidnapped, robbed, and eaten alive when I try to do anything."
76561198068276530,Recommended,233860,15875568,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,christopher_hill5382,After a new update a lot of the bugs are gone and the game is looking better than ever.Go buy it.......An amazing game that has massive potential and isdefinitely heading to be one of the best games to datein this genre.10/10
76561198081103859,Recommended,233860,6972006,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,MikeKimPiggy,"Build your own squad and survive the cruel world! This is a game still in development, so it misses some features and contains weird bugs, but it is certainly very addictive and has a lot of potential."
76561198030247205,Recommended,233860,15706079,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,IrocGLI,One word! BUY!
76561198041201937,Recommended,233860,15709293,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Rhysiiee,Have had this game for a long time now and I still hold a lot of hope for it.... The progression in it's development has been disgustingly slow however....I recommend keeping an eye on this game... As of right now it's fun to play but lacking....
76561198053126695,Recommended,233860,16021766,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Tomson,"I played 70 hours and enjoyed it a lot! I don't know if this game will ever be finished, but despite the missing content it's one of the more interesting games I played lately.+ cool stuff! (The world, weapons, armor/clothes, combat, unique health system, base building, taking prisoners, strange creatures (only in the experimental version at the moment), interesting crafting, and excellent character creation)- no story (yet), slow updates (they are coming, but it needs a while), too much desert (new biomes are planned)Other: You are not the chosen one. The shopkeepers are more powerful than you for hours, forcing you to stay out of trouble and follow caravans and patrolling soldiers. Later you can create a squad by hiring people from bars giving you a much better chance against bandits. You need to earn power and you won't get anything for free (but you can scavenge for stuff which you'll probably do a lot)."
,Recommended,233860,11839124,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,UrbanFury,"It's a fun game. Development is slow, but it is not dead."
,Recommended,233860,4971246,"Posted: 22 March, 2013",all,Señor Mango,"Sweet jesus, it may have many Elder Scrolls-esque glitches and is glaringly incomplete, but I've put in 11 hours in two days and am nowhere near done, and have been enjoying every moment."
76561198022230345,Recommended,233860,10269662,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,PhantomWolf,"If you hate glitches and crashes, avoid this till' it's finished.  That being said, this is a unique game that would be a crime to miss for any fan of survival/crafting type gameplay.  Not much in the way of story, but a great sandbox (literally haha) to lose yourself in.I should mention that this game crashes nowhere near as often as it did back when I initially got it.  I put maybe ten hours in in the past two days and had one crash, which happened just after an autosave, so no biggie."
76561198012768795,Recommended,233860,13902624,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,jbroedell,I died even with god mode cheats..... very hard but enjoyable. you get attached and then you get destroyed.
76561197990324133,Recommended,233860,1265151,"Posted: 6 May, 2013",all,Wyrd,"Samurai, desert.This game has all of these things.Alpha. Don't cry, 'kay?"
,Recommended,233860,13917606,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Sickback,ALOT OF FUN!!!!!!!! still needs alot of work but already a game i plan on playing forever as long as they keep working on it till its actual finished. starting off as nothing and becoming something is the point of this game. eventually you are the best at what you do becuase you earn it and that is the best reward. worth a purchase and time it takes to become strong.
,Recommended,233860,13842256,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Syong,Kenshi Stopped workingKenshi crashedyup :)It is a great game to play.
76561198062467782,Recommended,233860,18546036,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,FoolishCasanova,i bought this game like year ago and i can really say that this game is devoloping. it is one of kind. it has it's  style. i recomend this game who likes to play strategy or survival.
,Recommended,233860,17195368,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Cassidiom,"I am about to hit 60 logged hours, I have much more offline hours playing. So take it from me, this game keeps getting better and better. One of the best early acsess games I have played in my opinion, as of 8/27/15 update this game is now almost at release point and very worth the purchase, knowing price will rise at release. I would recomend this to any RTS or RPG gamer. I am so impressed with what this game has to offer and wish it would get massive multi-play treatment."
76561198111646010,Recommended,233860,12406170,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,>Deacon Chan<,I love this game! it is a masterfully done and is always a different expierience when you replay it. even then the game itself is just amazing! with random raids and or building your bass from the ground up. or even the characture customization! this game is a fun filled interactive world that ive never expirenced before! i know this game has a great future ahead of it ! Dev. team keep rocking and rolling!!! cause this is awsome!!!
,Recommended,233860,11137801,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Woodman,"Kenshi is a very flexible open-world game, with a game engine which consist of neatly balanced mechanisms such as damage/death system, economy system, base building group commanding systems as well. As for now there is no victory condition like a story ending- you need to choose what do you want to achieve yourself. You can be a fighter, trader, bandit or even a commander of a whole bunch of your folks equipped with whatever you gave them, each one with his own abilities and skills. Every man in your party can be trained in a different way starting from a slave/worker to a thief or even a turret operator. I like this game, because of the number of posibillities of what you could be from the start of the game to the ending.However, in my honest opinion, I think that the game still lacks a few things that could make the game 4267356345 times better than now. Things like: rideable horses (<3), archery (planned in future), long weapon group, such as spears or sth and a finishing move to kill the bad guys that fell on the ground wounded (yep, you cannot finish him, unless he is to much shredded that he will bleed to death).In sum of all I can give it a 9/10 grade, because of the missing content I already mentioned :)Cheers,Woodman"
76561198069296571,Recommended,233860,11128586,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Thurian,This game is an amazing top down survival them up game totally worth every penny
76561198047210936,Recommended,233860,11128870,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,STRUTHASPHERE,THE BEST CITY BUILDING/ MANAGEMENT RTS/RPG GAME EVER!!!!!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND TO ANYONE WHO LIKE GNOMORIA/ DWARF FORTRESS AND MAD MAX NINJAS!!!! SO COOL!
76561197992572869,Recommended,233860,12255319,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Shadow Weezle,Its honestly going to be a great game once the bugs are worked out.  The walls don't keep anyone out because the bad guys just ghost in or end up on top of the wall some how and fall in and kill everyone.
,Recommended,233860,205398,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,forasp,"This game is seriously one of my all time favorites now. Despite the early alpha launch, bugs, and disabled features, it is still an absolute dream to play. I recommend it to anyone who loves RTSs, RPGs, and swords! This is a 9/10 game for me."
,Recommended,233860,12237481,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,VanWinK1LL,"VERY Early Access. I'm giving this a thumbs up because I think it has huge potential. Having said that, it's not super playable or optimized. Worth a look for brave investors in early access games. Otherwise, avoid this one until full release."
76561198023352174,Recommended,233860,12248244,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,thumper_abn,"This game is showing promise of being a really great game. I have owned it for almost a a year now and well it has not let me down. Even is its current unfinished and highly unpolshied state I find my self always coming back after each update. The developers have also shown great dedication by keeping us posted via there website, facebook, and on steam. Any fan of this game style I would highly recommend to I know I have gotten it for a few friends as a gift.My only dislike of this game.....its not finished but as you can tell so far it seem like it will be well worth the wait."
,Not Recommended,233860,2464468,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,Akillez,A groundbreaking rpg/rts game... Very unique and still in developement. The development of this game however is brutally slow. At first I recommended this game in 2013. But it hasn't progressed much in a year. You can live without Kenshi until release.
,Recommended,233860,11760649,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,ThroatRipper666,This game is very fun and very in depth. But a word of warning :If you are trying to jump into this don't expect a full immersion immediatley. You really do have to earn it in this.You start off with the bare minimum depending on what class you choose and you evolve from there.You an literally build a town from scratch. And this is not Sim CIty. You have to mine for raw ore then process it and then you may use the resource ot construct your city. It's a very rewarding game. It is also very challenging at times with multiple different clans or what ever you wish to call them attcking you out of random.It's still iin development so give it a break. It does have its bugs and crashes. But I love it.
76561198065796494,Recommended,233860,11514171,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,LondonInFlames,"is good, get it! it might be a bit hard to start, but once you've got yourself a team, becomes much more interesting."
76561198126184431,Recommended,233860,11485108,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,ShadowSaber,I want to be able to move freelly in this game not by clicking on the mouse to go some where and I want to be able to control the fight with my selected character like blocking and attacking. other than that the game is good.
76561198006266609,Recommended,233860,15403124,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Stoon Finger,"This game has certainly come a long way... I remember being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and writing a bad review when I first bought it because the game didn't have sound... despite the fact that I still put seventy hours into it with ""sounds of the desert"" playing in the background on youtube... :P  I look forward to the next few updates and the continued development of this little gem... PRAISE THE SAND!"
76561198038831095,Recommended,233860,15408351,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Neckwrecker,This game has the potential to be one of the cooler games out there. I really hope they stick with it and make this into what it should be.
,Recommended,233860,15416572,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,✠Zeymeth✠,"Such a fun game, have owned for over a year, and I can truly vouch for the progression by the developers. The combat system is very much in my opinion sort of like a DnD type game where you use RNG based on skills you either have or don't prior to combat. Essentially if you prepared for a while you will have much better odds of winning, but losing is still an option, and you can also beat somebody far above you, if youre lucky. The squad system is very well implemented and I feel that the create a village aspect of this is superb. Ive played roughly 40 Hours of this game up to this point and enjoyed all of them with little to no idle time making up these hours, would seriously recommend"
76561198005935871,Recommended,233860,14562817,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Jagged Force,Bästa ofärdiga spel jag spelat
76561198000162428,Recommended,233860,15181405,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,TheLimeExplorer,pretty funu command a warband/ group / peasents battalion/ whatever you call it and u play in a setting simmular to japan if it were in the desert.base building lvling and factions and stuffone of the few early access game worth the money
,Recommended,233860,15187744,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Ficus,First day in i was a little confused on what to do but i palyed and i was an amazing gameSo much to do its insane so customizable aswellthe character creation is kinda funny aswell
76561198077479131,Recommended,233860,6856660,"Posted: 7 May, 2013",all,[()] <-Вагина твоей,A simple yet complex game. I give it two thumbs up
,Recommended,233860,14742879,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,LewdGeek©,This game have a big potential but i have buy this gme 3 years ago and this game still buggy and a lot of stuff is missing but at the end this game can be a classic if it was from a big developer but i have trust in this small independent developer and i hope one day i can play this game and have a lot of fun.
76561198134648830,Recommended,233860,15232674,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Stevilish,fantastic blend of genres . . .love it
76561198103075418,Recommended,233860,15437053,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,The Exile,"Now Kenshi is a hard game to review as I do not know if I want too recommend it or not. The game is getting updates about every 2-4 months so its coming along slow. But the base of a good game is there buts its just that a 'base'. So it comes back to do I recommend it or not ?If you want to help the devs by giving money do it , but just be warned that you can do most things in the game within a few hours. So you maybe 'sat on' this game maybe for maybe a year at most before it is released. I have high hopes for this game and with the mods being made for it.So I will recommend this game, just go some research about it and think about it.But I hope that you fund the game as I believe it will be worth the wait."
76561198079001094,Not Recommended,233860,15438805,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,1001YellowDaffodils,"This is game actually quite fun, but it is balls hard at the start. Infact, a good 90% of you will most likely stop playing and forget the game ever existed because of it. I enjoy a game that doesn't hold my hand, but I think they devs went a little too far with it, because like I said, it's almost impossible to do much of anything at the start of the game and later on everything's a Cake-walk. Spawned in a small town 19 times and was ripped apart by sand-bandits every time. Bug? Perhaps, but none the less a huge turn-off. In case this review was implying it's impossible to do anything in this game, you can, but it's more a matter of luck than anything. (Bandits not spawning on your♥♥♥♥♥hole, or the local towns folk actually bothering to patch you up even though you saved the prick from a right thrashing moments ago..)In short, It's hard as all hell in the start and insanely simple later on. In it's current state it's fairly unbalanced, but i do see it being a great game later on.Before anyone says you can tone it down via mods, I am aware of this, But i feel it cheap that devs put so much stock in mods *Cough*Bethedsa *Cough* *Cough*Mojang*Cough*"
,Not Recommended,233860,15442930,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,unknowncity,"First impressions? Buggy design, terrible UI, embarassingly empty gameplay and some of the most unintuitive controls I've ever encountered. I realize this is still in alpha, but I'm really not excited by anything I'm seeing here.Is there something interesting to do in Kenshi? Maybe, but it's hiding itself pretty well thus far. I really like the idea of a post-apocalyptic, open-world RPG where you can do more-or-less what you like, but give me something to work with here.It really doesn't feel like anything close to a finished game. I bought it on sale, thankfully. I'd be furious if I had paid full price for this."
,Recommended,233860,15170993,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Synnercy,"Been playing for a long time now. Don't let the record time fool you, a lot of offline game time :3It's a sick c#%t game!"
76561197976015137,Recommended,233860,15543398,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,TrajedyRaines - Twitch.tv,"Great game still a little buggy, and really hard at times. But once you get an outpost up and running and make it public, people seem to flock to you. (However enemies seem to become more interested as well)I really enjoy the gameplay and building system, and the fact that nobody is special in the game."
76561198064946713,Recommended,233860,15564856,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Sir Alfred Penyus Winhelm III,"It is a post-apocalyptic survival squad based sandbox game. I've had a lot of fun playing this game even in it's earliest stages of development! When this game comes to full i belive it will be one of the more magnificent gamestyles to date. Lo-Fi Games, you know how to make a good game10/10"
76561198064779545,Recommended,233860,15568417,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Pedantic Sandwich Man,"Had a rough start with this game, crashed several times before I'd even gotten past the menus, crashed once or twice since then when I tried to build walls, usually some bug or glitch around the corner, and the current 'stable' steam version really through a curve at me when I neared the end of the tech tree only to discover the pathfinding doesnt work at all for some late game tech.Finally I found out that the latest version 0.72.1 can be played on steam via the beta settings, and its a lot better than the stable release (0.69.2 or something), not perfect by any means, but definately an improvement, so despite the continuing pathfinding problems, the odd ragdoll physics, and the missing features, I still really like this game and I've just gotten started with the 'forgotten construction set.exe', so;all-in-all its not a good game yet, though it is actually quite fun."
76561197983123333,Not Recommended,233860,16145749,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Tigarius/Perci/Vinus,"The development with this game is to say the least way to slow. I expect games to be slow for the green lit games however with this game (which has massive potential) the updates have started coming less and less.  There are some bugs that make the game somewhat unplayable. Pathing, crashing etc.. If you are thinking about getting this game I would recommend on waiting a bit and seeing if they are actually going to come out with some significant updates towards the end product."
,Recommended,233860,4667795,"Posted: 24 April, 2013",all,N o b u,This game is awesome for an alpha build. Check it
76561198007857226,Recommended,233860,2471488,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,SlimCognito,For a game stil in Development i love this addicting raise ur stats I love going out and getting bandit boss's for bounty make easey money waiting future updates on building outposts
76561198008088791,Recommended,233860,2485106,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,@kloser23 [LaOrden],"Bueno juego aunque este en versión alfa, invito a probarlo, es divertido y nada convencional. Good game, u can try it. Maybe u got a surprise...."
76561198133037325,Recommended,233860,15679893,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,LunchBawx939,"I can't believe i still did not review this game, i have had it for awhile now and i love it! its pretty original and its hard to explain and describe this game lol, its part RPG part RTS, part sim, part city builder and i think its actually part MMO without the MMO lol its all single player but sometimes it does not feel like that and with more time its going to get even better, i recommend this to anyone with time to burn cause once you start playing you wont stop for awhile."
,Recommended,233860,15690459,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Deakn,"Having been with Kenshi since it's first apperance sometime in 2012, I've seen the game change.This is my first review of any game but for me Kenshi is a great game and with whats to come I'm excited so I wanted to give a piece of my mind on Kenshi, where it is now and what's to look out for in the future.Bear in mind I play using the experimental build, you'll have to activate this on steam in the ""BETA"" tab when in the games properties.Kenshi now.....As the game stands today you can build up and entire town, make walls and defences (crossbow & harpoon guns). You can farm wheat and hemp, make rum, bread, fabrics, steel, chainmail, armor plates, medkits, splint kits, a good selection of clothes and armor and a fair round of weapons.You can manage your men and women into squads and each of your characters that you control has his/her own stats that can be leveled up through doing all sorts of things. Doing combat improves combat skills and getting beaten and hurt in combat improves your characters defense skills making them tougher.Researching unlocks more stuff todo and there are some things you'd need to buy the blueprint first and then you'll be bale to research it and then build/craft it.There is much to do but as some others has mentioned, some of these features lack depth and content, true.But having been following the game since the developer Lo-Fi, was a 1 man studio to what it is now, I'm confident we'll be seeing more things to come.So what is lacking....The reputation system still needs some work, so far I've only been able to decrease my standing with the other NPC factions (bear in mind I might actually not know how to improve it) but simply keeping to fighting bandits and sand ninjas will keep your range of towns/cities you can visit wide open.Crafting can be fleshed out more and I've heard and read that there is more to come so I'm not too worried.The world gets quite small after you've played a good few days solid but again, I've heard a new world is on its way.Wildlife is a big challenge early on and even with a small group (I've been hunted down by a pack of 8 dogs once or twice) and generally I'd like to see some variety in NPC squad sizes.Pathfinding is quite a problem now but with the ""CTRL+SHIFT+F12"" command you can usually clear that up and remembering to quicksave also saves you from the ""not too often anymore"" crash that comes with using the command or just loading in zones if you're traveling a lot.End note....All in all kenshi has come a long way and it's had it's ups and downs, but it is currently very stable and lots of fun if you can remind your self that it is still in development so don't expect a polished fully working game and there is more to come.Learn to live with hiccups :)"
,Recommended,233860,15421572,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,flux.faraday,1. Fill up on loot.2. Decide to loot just one more downed enemy.3. Said enemy gets up and beats you with a stick until you fall down.4. Lie on ground for two days recovering from blood loss.10/10
,Not Recommended,233860,15423062,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Darkrite,"Wow. Just bought this on sale. Should have read the most recent reviews about the development of it -- or lack thereof.So the game for me so far has been ""Let's try to get past character creation without a crash."", five times now.3/10 - Stability issues. Can't even rate the game yet, and don't think I will be able to any time soon due to lack of interest in trying. Maybe if I throw it on an old square LCD I can get this to display and not crash, but as it stands this is probably the most crash prone game I've seen yet at resolution 1680x1050. At the price, it's not even worth troubleshooting. Moving on...Granted my specs are not the most current but: AMD Phenom II X4 3.4, 16GB Crucial 1666, Samsung 840 EVO 250GB, GTS 450 4049 -- runs anything from Saints Row 4 to Dragon Age: Inquisitor and in between without a hitch.EDIT: I dropped the settings to the bare minimum -- yes bare minimum including resolution. Able to get it to work. First impression, character creation rich, somewhat enjoyable. Entered the game, opened a chest -- nothing. Opened another chest, nothing. Opened another chest, nothing. Opened another chest, nothing. Apparently chests aren't for storage -- ok, I get it. Post apoc setting. Looked at a straw hat on top of a buried bit of sand, went to pick it up. Nope. That's an NPC and he's static, but he's placed in a buggy spot underneath the terrain. Looked around a bit. Wandered (as my option for starting suggested)...wandered some more, wandered some more. Absolutely NO life or interaction. Put down game. Wasted money. Moving on.Save your money. Or better yet get a Fallout, Wasteland or any other game than this one.Open world with empty content -- worst combination ever."
76561198049544311,Recommended,233860,15447038,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Lone Star Ranger,Impressive RTS very fun!! build your own cities armies and economies in the wastelands of the earth! very fun 8-10 so far!! IMPROVMENTS that could be added are COOP or Multiplayer online to make the game more fun!UPDATEApril 23 2015I've been playing this game for about 2 weeks now and it's still quite fun HOWEVER once you get your city made you wall yourself in... you make great EXPENSIVE WEAPONS you practically run out of things to do... other than keep your people grinding resources so that your main characters can keep crafting weapons and armor to sell... ITS STILL FUN just sad... once you completed everything lol...one annoying thing is the crashes but HEY thats forgiving because it doesnt happen 24/7 its a few times then it stops or every 2-3 hours which is tolerable ESPECIALLY if you set AUTO SAVE to about 5 minutes which is what I did JUST IN CASE the crashes happen at the worst moments....two.. another annoying thing is that when you have a characters inventory open then you click a structure you have to close the inventory then RE CLICK the structure you are trying to get resources from THEN re open your inventory which is QUITE THE TEDIOUS thing to do... sometimes its persistant an I repeat the process 3-5 times....FIX THESE MINOR ISSUES and id be quite happier with it ... also faction wars would be nice ... like a constantly changing world not just stagnant... for example what if the cannibals just start taking out towns ? eventually people would reclaim them HOWEVER it would be fun to see wars going on JUST A THOUGHTthirdly I AM HOPING FOR COOP OR MULTIPLAYEROVERALL still quite happy with this game would recommend it
76561198080168324,Not Recommended,233860,15623974,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Erisdar,was something i did not expect. my bad
,Recommended,233860,15663646,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Darth Senpai,"Far greter than I thought, but still a ways to go before reaching full potential. Still, this is worth your money as is."
,Recommended,233860,15040381,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Bob Star,"Bought the game a year ago and just started playing it recently.  What a shock I had when I actually got into playing it.  This game is something special, I can't stress that enough.  The depth of gameplay is just astounding when compared to the rash of survial/crafting games that have been polluting Steam lately.My favorite part of this game is the atmosphere.  It just feels creepy and dangerous.  I'm not a fan of ninja/samurai themes, but they work so well in this game.  Also, the sense of scale is simply massive- to think new areas with all new biomes are coming is just too much to handle.I'v only put in about 5 hours so far, but that's been over 3 nights and it's been a blast.  Watched a few LPs so I know what to expect, man I can't wait to really get going.  This is going to be a blast."
76561198025891701,Recommended,233860,15830804,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Blastmetal,"Kenshi yeah what to say about it.This game features a way of freedom you don't experience a lot anymore, you can roam kill pretty much anything you like.you can build a house 2 houses or a whole city, you can be a lonewolf or team up with multiple heroes.the world is staggering large its massive, it also features a pretty good stat system witch allows you to train you hero,And make him more bad♥♥♥♥♥ also you will die a lot, cuz this game ain't easy on the first time player.but my final verdict is this game is worth trying and playing its a great game for the cash it asks.1 major flaw is that this game is made by just 1 man so it takes ages for updates to appear.besides that great game"
,Recommended,233860,15809446,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,nilofeliu,Brilliant game for its genre. Still has some bugs but the dev team is working hard to fix those as well as implement the remaining content they are aiming for. Once the game is complete it should be a must have for anyone who enjoys both empire building games as well as squad base games. Still waiting to see how the RPG aspects will be implemented.
76561198046464090,Recommended,233860,15749807,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Wolfpack Presley,"Although it is slow coming, the developpers are working hard to get this game to be fully operational. The content available so far is amazing, some bugs need fixing sure, but this game is going to be insane when its done. I fully support these guys and hope you will too"
,Recommended,233860,12497794,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Squid_Face,You might as well just sell yourself into slavery cos anything else you do will result in your allies being murdered and you beaten and left in the desert
76561198132739105,Recommended,233860,11453393,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,PI One,"Okay when I first downloaded the kenshi it was something 0.40. Man it was ugly. BUT dont you dare to judge the cookie on its looks rather than taste. No Seriously. My first encounter with Kenshi was from tag ""RPG"" I was like uh okay why not give it a try. Graphic ugly but it hardly matters in rpg games its just an extra. I had a ton of fun with it bulding things, going to town to town trying to get supplies and recruits trainig even capturing cannibals as traning bags to be released in full power on one on one match to raise block skill. The game is in early access please keep it in mind when you're deciding to buy. It has lot of features starting as an retired capitan for example boosts your starting stats in fights but leaves your pockets empty and one faction seriously♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off that they want you dead. Very good solution for starters are to loot weapons from bandits when they attacking the town OR you lure them but be warned you're not superhero you're just an human with barely any special traits at all. If you want to outrun bandits first learn how to scram really fast or they'll catch up and probably kill you. But exacly that it is about a struggle to survive to build first outpost to gather resources and money for them. Though theres no quest lines yet theres still plenty to do max up technology gather as much resources as you can and better equipment whenever its possible buy blueprints that dont comes cheap and most important harden your main character as well your team mates. And for god sake think. Dont fight with 2 hostile parties that already is fighting with each other. Wait a bit till battle end and finish them off looting as much as you can. You dont want to get caught in battle versus 3 other hostile to you squads. Trust me"
76561198016650817,Recommended,233860,11457240,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,James,I have spent a days with this game and it is not finished yet! I hope its developement will carry on.
76561198138653207,Recommended,233860,11444069,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,yourlocalgod,Awesome game!
76561198098482675,Recommended,233860,11286292,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Traitor,"well it is a good game, I can say it is unique in it's way. When u start the game it going to take your breath however, after 4 to 5 houres from playing it you going to be lost, not much to do and their will be nothing except killing everything in the game. Now I am the king of nothing. Still the game have some bugs cus they still working on it and there isn't anything to guid you throw it."
76561198024806646,Recommended,233860,11220460,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Seace,"I played many more hours then it says. I didn't have Internet for a while, but the game was quite entertaining being able to fight a ton of bandits, build your own base make your own weapons and armor, customizing every character you have with you. Granted it had its bugs at the time bu they were easy to deal with. When I get home I will play it until my computer breaks, it is one of my all time favorite games so far."
76561198136069377,Recommended,233860,11223473,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Agreeablewolf,"there is so much i would like to say about this game, many ups and downs, but seeing that this game is still in alpha the downs become ups. Kenshi tends to crash alot and there are a lot of bugs yes, and it may take a lot of memery to keep running; but even after all that i have still put nerley 100 hours into this game. I cant stop playing it... tho a little annoying when it keeps crashing i keep playing. if theres more time put into the develipment, i can see this being a great game on full release"
,Recommended,233860,11224663,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Inell,"(Posted on July 13, 2014; may become out of date soon) Fantastic game. Although it is in testing, the current state of this game surpasses many high-budget games, not with graphics, sound, and friendliness of interface, but in the concept and the gameplay itself. With that said, please note that it is in ALPHA. There are several bugs, and many expansions could be made to the game."
,Recommended,233860,7019702,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,Radiotype,"Tedious with minor micro managing, but still fun to yell at the screen while your little dudes fight other little dudes in a giant little dude fight. The game itself is neat, filled with a desert open-world adventure to rule them all. Fight bandits and storm city guards. It's still in alpha, but its still good none the less. One last thing, I'm typing this just because. The end.  :3"
76561197964988235,Recommended,233860,198589,"Posted: 18 April, 2013",all,DTZ56,Great Game so far with some of the freshest idea's for gameplay in the last 4 or 5 years. No restraints you are your own man! Would recomment to support so at some point the can truely become the master piece it deserves to be!!
,Recommended,233860,7676246,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Squanchy,This game is highly addictive if you get involved in it. once you get a good group going you just cant stop.
,Recommended,233860,3388775,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,Lemming,"прикольная ,даже очень"
,Recommended,233860,8894362,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Obdo,"tl;drThis game isn't for everyone but if you love open world sand box games you can easily mod yourself and play anyway you want you should get a kick out of this game.Kenshi is an open world sandbox for you to create your own goals and achieve them any way you want. It can be played as a solo character (lone samurai) type, or you can control a whole suad and build a town, researching and gathering your resources along the way, or you can even play as a trader by hiring your own in-town characters to manage your local business management (This is my favourite as it allows for powerful growth and you can learn the trading trends).Unfortunately there is not a ton of optimization going on here. The way I play, I have my squad dispersed across the whole (GIANT) map and I have to jump between them regularily, although there is no loading screen, it takes a couple seconds each time, and when you are doing things like just checking prices or looting multiple towns at once, it can be a little annoying.The $20 price may seem like a lot for the performance you have to deal with but by no means should that scare you away from this. There is only one guy making this game so the progress isn't terribly fast but he has been working hard on better game performance and addressing the needs and wants of the community."
76561198080943860,Recommended,233860,6967564,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Your Dark Overlord,it is an awesome game for being in alpha
76561197993253349,Recommended,233860,1436914,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Lynx,This is a very fun and unique game.
,Recommended,233860,1824052,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Path,"If your looking for a unique RPG roaming game, this is your game. This has been my first game in development that I have played and Ive loved it alot. Just the ideas the developer has makes the game worth it. There are MANY bugs that are there, but the developer makes sure that he gets the opinions of the players and makes sure to fix everything. So far, many of the big issues the game had were fixed, but there are still many more. Even with these bugs I have had alot of fun just buiding my character up to whatever I wanted and even making the ultamate squad. Even the towns are really fun to make. You can build them where ever you want on the map and even have merchants come in and sell their wares. So if you are looking for a good RPG that is unlimiting, this is your game. Just be patient with the patches and you will have a ton of fun."
,Recommended,233860,2382291,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,Rocuff,Very nice game for an alpha state.
,Recommended,233860,335753,"Posted: 23 March, 2013",all,いただき﻿MUSCLE~☆,"Hard to start out, but once you get a hang of things and find or build yourself some training dummies to give your combat skills a kick in the♥♥♥♥♥ it's still hard but managable.Very, very feature light at current. (build .40) Many stats/skills still unimplemented, town building and research doesn't advance too far yet, squadmates can get caught in buildings during construction. Despite my frustrations with the game at the start, I now think it's pretty okay. Nothing amazing, $16 is still a bit higher than I'd say I'd pay for it at this stage, but for that price with the potential this game does have, I'm good with it.Very eager to see how this game develops going forward."
76561198069151464,Recommended,233860,10701802,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,HeadShot,here is my good review :- pretty good gameplay.-awesome fighting system.-more like squad based dayz/rust without zombies and wild ♥♥♥♥in animals-base building seems cooland here is the bad review-buggy-crashed my pc-too many sands ( this game only have desert biome-stupid A.I guard
76561198029705446,Recommended,233860,10552690,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,superdemongob,"I've been slaughtered by city guards more times than I care to remember.When I tried to take my nearly dead friend and put him in the shade of a boulder, his body flew accross the map.This game is fun."
76561198008830329,Recommended,233860,10601693,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Shadowkiss,"I love this game, it has so much potential that can be limitless.You can start with an assassin or with an old veteran, wounded from the last battle that don’t go as planned. You try to survive until the closest outpost or friendly town where if you are lucky someone will heal your wounds because you don’t have money to pay for a bad and a med kit. On your way to salvation, you start thinking that if no one will help you, probably you need to sell your sword, but … what’s a samurai without his sword?Try it and you will find your spirit, your samurai spirit. Yes you are a fighter!"
76561198042184560,Recommended,233860,4822352,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,TwoArmedMan,"Great Game, Still in alpha so it's a bit buggy and alot has not been implemented*cough* scrollbars *cough* still though worth the purchase, can't wait for updates."
,Recommended,233860,4048682,"Posted: 21 April, 2013",all,falldj,its like mount and blade and the old fallouts had a baby
76561198114555138,Recommended,233860,11027830,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,BoarWarrior,"You dont score before you score. Nor die before you die, sir. Prepare thyself!!I love games where you got plenty of ways to die."
76561198022554720,Recommended,233860,10885378,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,InVs,"After playing this game for a few hours. I have to say that this game has a HUGE potiential to be a great game like mount&blade warband. This game is like when u combine the sims 3 with fluid fighting animations.There is no lvl up system only skills learn, death for everyone even ur character, building ur own base and a fight for survival from the other factions.This game is definitely worth checking out despite it's numerous amount of bugs.It is a early access game so dont expect a bug free experience. 7/10 with bugs 9/10 without bugs. It would be better if the game had a quest system,Dialogues, factions u can join which i read it would be implemented,more in depth to the characters and ranks in the army of the faction u are in like you starting from a recruit and rising through the ranks of the army and your squad which u join.Would recommend to everyone I know :)"
,Recommended,233860,10903406,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Allposts,realy good game with a lot of potentiol still in early days of development but has definetly come a long way in the time i have had it cant wait to see more !!
,Recommended,233860,1084001,"Posted: 5 April, 2013",all,-NLG-Bancheis,"The game is still in alpha, but the amount of content being added is great. It recieves regular updates, and more than just simple bug fixes. Most updates include new features such as the recent addition to harpoon turrets to defend your base. Current version is 0.69.0. The game has music and sound now. Many improvements have been made to the stability of the game.My original statement of the game was that it had more than enough content to keep you busy for hours upon end. This is still true, even more so now. The combat system is great, for a squad based RTS. I really love the health and damage system. Still needs a little work, and he still needs to make the troops hold their weapons with a closed hand, but it works for now :pHaving an individual health bar for multiple body parts is interesting and brilliant. If the health for your guys arm goes too low, his arm becomes useless and just flops around. For the legs, he begins to limp heavily. Its fun to have a great big fight, then see the casualties stumbling onwards showing signs of their beating.Most importantly, this game does not hold your hand or treat you like a child. You will lose fights. You will be horribly beaten to a pulp. But you will get up, and fight harder. No magical being is going to swoop down and save you when you are moments from death. Only your allies or your own training can save your life.This game is now going for $19.99 ($17.99 if you get it during the current summer sale) and is worth every penny. I have no regrets about buying into this early access, as this developer actually earns our hard earned money by releasing high quality content. Try it out."
,Recommended,233860,10793569,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,drbabylove,"why we cant gt more people for or baes for it can keep us safe or why we cant make army and thing  , take out over city in thing , or raid for more thing for ur baes"
76561198001810313,Recommended,233860,10120134,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Kaesar,"This game is a strange mix of strategy, rpg and city building. It's still a bit rough and several features are yet to be implemented, but it's already a lot of fun. The potential is huge and if even half of waht is planned makes it into the game it will be a great product. A really good buy in my opinion."
76561198060194229,Recommended,233860,10822988,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,[MSC] Rdewd514,"This game is amazing.  You want to be a traveling merchant?  Do it.  You want to make a town? Do it.  You want to wage war?  Do it.  You want to be a body guard?  Do it.  DO ANYTHING BE AWESOME!  I love the dev of this game as well, he's a really cool guy.  I can't wait to see what else comes with the game.  Every patch is like free DLC!  BUY IT NOW!"
,Recommended,233860,10807534,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Tiny Rick,"This game has a lot of potential. I find it fun even now in early acccess. Obviously there are bugs so if your buying early be prepared for that. There is so much choice in this game and there is a lot you can do, many skills to improve, items to make, buildings to build and places to explore..."
76561198086458274,Recommended,233860,7105098,"Posted: 21 March, 2013",all,jtlenton,"Excellent concept; Having bought this game around a day ago, I was pleasantly surprised by the level of sophistication in gameplay and AI, expecting it to be remeniscent of other Alpha titles. Has an atmosphere that reminds me of Fallout: New Vegas - probably from all the sand and ramshackle-esque structures. Will watch eagerly for updates, and wait on tenterhooks for the release proper. 7.5/10 (Alpha State - Review subject to change with game quality. No liability accepted by the author of this review for injury of any kind caused by this product. Statutory rights not affected)21 MARCH 2013"
,Recommended,233860,10750345,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Salamarte,"Kenshi, where to start....well this game is probably one of the most awesome and challenging projects i've ever seen, not only the difficulty in the pathfinding system or the tons and tons of ''work hours'' behind this game, and its still developing, slowly but efficiently, granting every now and again some small and major improvement.I mean c'mon guys the concept, the idea itself of the game where you can BUILD, TRADE, FIGHT, CONQUER, EXPAND and all those independent concepts that we find in most games separately, here we can IMAGINE, we can feel and touch it,Create a squad or even an Army or go solo with your created character, anything is possible and nothing is the same, and i think thats the challenging idea that blends into this game.The actuall idea of building too and crafting, allowing you to not only Create, but to dream and fantasy in your own world, where each game is different and only you can choose your final path, where in games such as X's sort of games like terran conflict and other space sims, in this Let's Call It; World-Squad Based RPG with CRAFT in IT and finally some FIGHT TRADE BUILD THINK like in space sims like i mentioned before and adding SURVIVE.Still Reading? Then Buy it without doubt! =)"
76561198136872572,Recommended,233860,11535649,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Amadeus,"Aight Review Time. Starting with the good. So i started off a little dinky group of 5 and i decided to found my own town out of the way a bit. found a nice patch of sand in the middle of 3 cities and as soon as i had my first building (my mine) a bandit showed up saying ""Oi chump!"" and demanded 2000 cats for my non destruction. needless to say i stabbed him in the face and his gooneys showed up with an army and i quickly had to restart. so far through that entire run no bugs or crashes. over all i like the idea of the game and style. its a little of Post Apocolyptia with a bit of an Asian set to it with a bit of industry and such. its a very good mixture. as of now i have this sprawling huge city with harpoons and i have more resources than i can handle. this is the experimental build of course. now the bad. so i said my first play through no bugs. but as my second play through progressed i became frusterated with random crashes or building walls and the bandits somehow learning how to walk on walls or a band of bandits spawning in my town totally innactive. which i have to say i was fine with for the time being as i didnt want to be killed but eventually they became responsive and tried to slaughter me. all im saying is this is a great game with good potintial but its a bit buggy. so if you can handle random crashes or sometimes funny glitches then this is a game id recommend for you"
76561198019127232,Recommended,233860,3223314,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,WarDogHammer,"Great game, just needs alittle more work and music!"
76561198022065155,Recommended,233860,3399808,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Kildrone,"Have over 100 hours in a game where you can rise from nobody to god with hard work, dedication and luck. The world doesn't care if you die the only ones who care are the party you hire that is it."
76561197983549415,Recommended,233860,11791757,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Panda DeGrim,awesome game completely enjoyable
76561197985698983,Recommended,233860,1063957,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,Tendeep,"Early Alpha Build, but...  This reminds me of the old Star Wars Galaxies, but in a sandbox squad based RPG mode.  Features missing, but I like where the dev is trying to go with this.  Get a squad, bounty hunt, loot bandits, build a town, craft goods, etc.  Once more features are added, I could enjoy blowing time in this little sandbox."
,Recommended,233860,12688314,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,NoPantsBaby,A squad surival and base building game set in a desert apocalypse.In other words a game you should be playing already.The big pros right now are a dynamic combat system centred around team work and modular base building. Essentially you can build any base you want (almost anywhere) you want it. It is also continously being improved and updates. Whilst slow the updates usually add significant amount of content.The cons are a rather shallow world with not allot happening in it. The combat gets boring. The base serves no real purpose. There is no goal. Even survival gets assured at some point so surviving the post-apocalypse stops being a problem after you build a self reliant impregnable settlement.There also some bugs but really the enjoyment of the game outweighs it and a few bumps are to be suspected in an WIP game. The game runs smoothly and is playable.
76561198008765351,Recommended,233860,12514790,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Dirty Deeds,I must say I have not had as much fun and gotten addicted to a game in a long long time . U gyes are sure on the right track to out do some of the big boys . So I will be spreading the word .THX Gye's keep up the good workDirty Deeds
76561198064452879,Recommended,233860,6353577,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,goki,"A real promise, still too bugged but playable, nice a large sand desert for you to get lost in it."
,Recommended,233860,12654002,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Alphawar,"I have enjoye many hours of this game and continue to do so, it is still expanding at a great pace and I enjoy the new content that has come out.There are a few bugs with physics and graphics but my pc isnt the greatest either.to anyone who wants an open would, do what ever you want game then this is for you."
76561198125816349,Recommended,233860,12560024,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,xbladeist,This game is making me enjoy getting my *** handed to me in a silver platter with blood and some broken bones on the side.And I absolutely love it.
76561198028621147,Recommended,233860,3889207,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,badkarma89,This game will make a man out of you
,Recommended,233860,11983565,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,piercethesky,this is a incredibly origanal rpg that (in time) will not only take your breath away but also your time a game i just cant wait to be finished i feel like it has quite a way to go but is a promising game to say the least
76561198055528725,Recommended,233860,7382901,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,orgasm,"Great RTS, realistic elements, really hoping to see this develop into an amazing game!!"
76561198136959519,Recommended,233860,18938079,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,smoshshark0,i really wish I had the capability to play it on this computer it really is a nice game.
76561198036595608,Recommended,233860,18930626,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,TheCooolest,"This is a dope game, probably what I like the most is how You make the story. Theres not some plot you have to wrap your head around or, scripted events that everyone sees. Its you and whoever you decide to bring, out there in the desert making it happen, however you decide that is. Theres crazy potential for this game and the direction its heading feels kindve familar...? but I know its new, idk.. Maybe because it incorporates systems from some of my favorite games, (FO2, TES4, DA1) but in a good way because nothing feels copied and its deff its own thing. When I set out to do something in this game and I accomplish it, I feel good about myself in real life and about my team in the game.On the con side, I hear updates are slow, theres not a clear explanation of some systems, sometimes your just running around looking for action (i play a team of 3 bounty hunters, which kindve sucks because theres not like wanted posters or anything to tell u to go look for this person u kindve just have to run into someone with one.,) generally needs more to do, can only make white or arabic characters, bugs. All of which given time will probably be fixed.For my summary, Dope now, Amazing later. if ur looking at this now nd dont end up getting it, u should keep an eye on it."
,Recommended,233860,4725995,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Aisu,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,233860,14968463,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Someasianguy,"So I wrote a review, and I feel like it deserves a new review.I like they added that you can make different squads. Like if you have a few characters that have way better combat stats than the rest of your party, you can put them in their own squad. To quickly select only them and send them to an area in your base thats being attacked. This has benefits, and negatives. A benefit is as I said above, quick selection of the group you need. Disadvantage is that each squad can only have 10 people. Once you reach 10 people, you have to make a new squad. Another disadvantage to this is that you cant have a character in more than one squad. I could put a character with great fighting ability in my combat squad, but also put him in another squad for another use I may have for him.They added a few new things, like a corpse burner. This is nice because after a while your base has corpses everywhere. And supposedly it attracts scavengers and enemies with those corpses. They also added a furnace, which will let you take weapons you no longer need and have little value. You can use these to smelt down and make iron, which can be used for making new weapons. They added specific storages for specific resources, which is useful, because once the queue is full, they just sit there until you do something. Instead, build these storages nearby and they'll automatically put the resources in these storages.I like that the shops now seem to have a close and open cycle, but there isnt any post anywhere that tells me the open hours.I think an execute action is needed, because knocking enemies out and them getting up every 2 minutes is annoying.I also had a strange occurence, a lone dust bandit that wasnt a slave walked into my outpost. One of my characters ran off to fight him. Then suddenly, my undertrained units are all fighting the slavers that were near the bandit. I never game them this command. Thankfully it didnt save recently so I was able to reload. If not, I wouldve had my whole party carried off to the slaver camp.I took down a bandit boss, who had a bounty on him, and a really nice sabre, early in the game. His body then fell through the ground and I couldnt turn him in. :/"
76561198127418789,Recommended,233860,18899243,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,armordonio,"Just look at how many hours people spent playing this game, even the people who gave a negetive review! There is really much fun to be had in the game, you only have to look further than the cover."
76561197984233403,Recommended,233860,26906549,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ink Commando,"Open world, create your own character/path an try to fit in, in a hostile world, just what I like in a game.Other than that, updates and features have been released steadily, fixes too when needed.Love it."
76561198084905494,Recommended,233860,26882090,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vakma,"I'll admit I mostly started this game as a benefit of the doubt situation. I didn't expect much from it, I figured I would give it a try and see how it worked out. It didn't take long to get me well hooked, the aspects of survival, RPG and a bit of city builder/management really stuck to me. While there is some good work left to do in the game, even in its current state it's a solid purchase in my book."
76561198035810656,Recommended,233860,25793601,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Jelly,"Got this game back when it first comeout in alpha, and i have been really impressed with all the updates over the years. do they come oftern? not always, but they make up for it with content, every update never seems to fail me.Take your time devs. Game just keeps getting better."
,Recommended,233860,25792230,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,wulftato,"This game has its ups and downs. The bugs can♥♥♥♥♥♥you off hardcore. The game itself is amazing though and through the tool they give you (launch editor) you can create your own beginnings and mods quite easily, I've taught myself. I highly reccommend this game."
,Recommended,233860,25830669,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Laurance Damion,"Its a great game, it is both difficult and easy at the same time. I started with nothing, got attacked died.... I started with a group of people, got attacked died..... Started with nothing again, made a huge self sustaining settlement, walked outside died... It is very addictive!"
76561198007087836,Recommended,233860,25660762,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,TonyDragon,"Kenshi's a damn good game. I think it needs to be polished up a bit more, but it's very playable in it's current state. 8.0/10."
76561198169003121,Recommended,233860,14418575,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Valinra,"This is one of the best games I have ever played. I simply love it. Most days when I get home I just crack open a nice cold one and let the desert take me in. Sometimes Ifind myself looking for more as we all do eventually. Dialog is very brash in game, maybe a little more wouldn't be such a bad thing. I mean it is a vast wasteland with few people. Though it is in the Alpha stages soon to be wrapped up to version 1.0.0. Hopefully not entirely wrapped up but overall I would recommend this game to just about anyone with half a heart for videogames."
76561198002742703,Recommended,233860,27099338,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TT Team,"Great game!!! I hope they keep developping and add alot more features. Still in Early access, but you allready can enjoy it for long hours."
76561198007575311,Recommended,233860,27392252,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DJ T Rav,"Best Game I have ever played!  Buy it now! This game is like Fallout Brotherhood of Steel, Jagged Alliance....etc....but its real time and you have swords!"
,Recommended,233860,27368026,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TransWorlder,"Amazing game. Have played it on and off over the years that I've owned it and it continues to grow and get better. This is a game that I can truely say is a sandbox and you can play it your way. Between the city building, troop building, trader organizations, looting, fightings, and just running around looking at all the amazing sites.Would definately recommend this game!!"
76561198089131585,Recommended,233860,24779234,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Olympias Grand Lion,Started looked at the clock 7:30pm looked at screen looked back at clock 11:50. great game rough start but fun even after losing 18 member in a fight just to restart from a Save.
,Recommended,233860,3077368,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,JoRhajak,"I still recommend this game  even though it's in alpha,  to any and everyone, next update is big and YES there will be sound."
76561198078447760,Recommended,233860,8893912,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Magic Shroom,"-got into game-almost said hek no when super frame drop-made character, scary looking shrek guy-ran around a farm loking for quests-found none-contimplate life-decide to run into wasteland-saw some people in distance-ran over without second thought-mouse over them reveal they are dust bandits-thought i could take'um-hit first one in head, say alright i got this-get mauled-get knocked unconscious form multiple slash wounds to mid-section-they take my sword and pants-die moments later naked in sand-10/10 best death simulator on steam"
76561198031689902,Recommended,233860,16210395,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Heraclius II,"::UPDATE::Due to many angry i am updating this post.  This review was made before New World.  With the map expansion, addition of basic things like ruins, multiple races, basic story to at least the Holy faction.....trees.....water....alot has changed and a view of a promising final product has emerged.  The pace of updating and debuging now is impressive for the size of the team (like one or two part timers).  My former post on this was based on a world that hadn't changed in more then two years.  This was a world the size of the Holy Empire with 3 factions that never met, 3 mob types all bandits, and alot of sand.  This wasn't horrible but it was alpha state and needed alot of work.  The current world will be much larger with sections opening up as they are completed monster and animal mobs along with many racial factions.   The two year old alpha with updates every 6 months ithat made few visible changes i couldnt recomend for purchase.  This more polished version with real potential for growth and very active tweeking and building by the creator i definately recomend if your patient and willing to enjoy whats there and then get to feel like you got a free expantion pack after every few updates."
,Recommended,233860,21305619,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,herman925,Great game
76561198083782800,Recommended,233860,24243444,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Lovemaking,"My friends, this game is awesome. I've been playing for quite some time. The updates are satisfying and frequent. The proposed updates are all outlined, along with the progress, on their website.. Buy now! Do it! To hell with details. Throw moneys!"
76561198035674856,Recommended,233860,14793472,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Baron Pink,"It should be mentioned I'm on the Experimental build. Regardless, I really love Kenshi. It's a game that challenges your cababilities early on and doesn't get particularly easy later on. The style is nice, the group-combat system is great, the themed music adds to the mood, the character customization is pretty detailed (even allows you to decide their idle stance), and the team is working to make it better without stop."
76561198007290164,Recommended,233860,24375296,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,lastcoldflame,I bought Kenshi some years ago and I am really impressed about the way it has been developed and improved. This game has the true taste of a great GDR and strategy game at the same time. One of the best games on the market at the moment. Thank you for the many hours of fun and...Keep going!
76561198017279848,Recommended,233860,24257095,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Kaleckton,"This is a random game that I came across to play.  THe thing that got me hooked into this game was the fact that you are not special. SO no super powered soldier that runs arund killing everything with unlimited capacity. SO I decided to make a jump and try it. That was 27 hours ago. The first 8 hours were my squad dying over and over. I then built a city. Build walls to keep my city safe.Then river raptors started to come. I thought no problem the gate will keep them out. After 40 of them got to the gate, they started glitching through the gate. TO my horror 8 river raptors killed off my entire squad and I was forced to restart. I then made a 2 layer defense. They broke through. I kept having issue after issue for the 1st 20 hours. Then, on my 5th city, I realized, crossbows are op against river raptors. So I made a 6th city, did not touch crops until I had built a 2 layer defense wall with 2 cross bows on the wall. I only needed one.Graphics 7/10Not the greatest, and has a lot of glitches (Remember ctrl + shift + f11, your going to do that alot.)  But has plenty of room with plenty of badass bosses and creatures that can kill you and your squadmates. And guess what, in most cases, your weaker than everything that wants to kill you. Plus the game plans on being much larger. One day it could take a hour or more to get to one side to the other alive.Lore 6/10Really nothing to it at this moment.  I mean you do experience some lore, but most of the time your trying to stay alive in you city to take notice of any lore.Audio 5/10Just nothing really. The sounds that are in game are annoying to me.Map 8.5/10Its a big map. Could get a 9 out of 10 in the future, but many places the landscape is broken in weird ways and makes it impossible to build on. And it can make your walls and other buildings look funky because there is no such thing as flat land.Gameplay 9/10DO whatever, be whatever, kill whatever, and build whatever. I'm hooked.Overall the game score does not really matter as its not a complete game. But you will get a experience that you won't in any other  incomplete game. It is also more complete than many games in early access. The game has been in development for a long time, but the number of work that can be done to the game is a list no one wants to deal with. But even with a long development I think this is one of the few games that will get the love it deserves. And I love playing the game. This game will be in my library for a few years.8.5/10WIll sacrifice towns again just to figure out that there was something easy that could have been done to save the town."
76561198053954100,Recommended,233860,24326814,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,NoBull,"awsome game, has allot of potential. I feel like it needs a graphics overhaul and some optimizations because there is some serious lag at certain points. Also just a thought but it needs a little mor content in terms of what can be collected in the wild or maybe even some newer typers of animals, not really sure but it just needs a little more content. The towns need to be readjusted too, some buildings or clipping into eachother and heavy lag.But outside of those gripes, this game is very playable and very enjoyable. Does have a bit of a learning curve as well!"
76561198038867171,Recommended,233860,4548535,"Posted: 14 April, 2013",all,Captian Malcolm,This game is super fun you all have to try it out yea it looks boring but it really fun once you start it full of fear in the bigaining and when you get to were i am at it beware the mad man lol try it out it a great game
,Recommended,233860,8245854,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Агент Кремля,cool game
76561198059255221,Recommended,233860,7380849,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Transluminal Rabbit,"Awesome game, Huge world, totally open sand box, do whatever you want."
76561198071309654,Recommended,233860,6645310,"Posted: 27 April, 2013",all,Hyukoroo,"Kenshi in a word is"" Rare"". Ive not had much interest in this odd themed games of post technology future esk genre but this one is by far the most enjoyable game that has been in my library. That is not to say there are not any faults with this game but rather then break the entire experience they only feel minor. I cannot recommend this enough to anyone since all the time things are being dicussed with the dev team which has grown and been very interactive with its community. Note though this game is difficult sometimes to understand and to be honest the pacing could be a bit off but that adds to the game rather then retract it. Enough of the fan writing, lets get down into a more focused view. What is Kenshi? to me it is a sandbox rpg with tactical aspectas finely blended in with management of a town you can build according to your own visions, this by far is the most fun but due to the (sometimes) brutal power of the enemy. The controls are solid if a bit complex in that you have to take time to learn which tab goes where but in most games that is a norm.The character creation is well endowed but not too overly difficult to use which can allow for some hilarious creations. Finally the combat, which is quite refreshing as you cant overly control your party or singular character and when ppl die, they stay dead which to me is a +. overall id say take this game for a spin if there is a demo and if you believe this is a game for you then id say go for it!P.S. there are creatures and not just the same human enemies, however the animals... They are terrifying :("
,Recommended,233860,13200968,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,shelbied223,"I've been in on this game for a long time now. Though my official steam number is roughly 160hrs, I have played several hundred in offline mode. This quickly became one of my favorite games, I've bought it for friends just so they could experience it too.If you like open ended extremely customizable worlds I would recomend this game. No two playthroughs are ever the same, and there are many different play styles.I would give it a 9/10, which I'll change to a 10/10 when the game is complete.I would also praise the Dev team who has relatively frequent patches, and keep players up to date."
76561198066366222,Recommended,233860,10537061,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Krakton,"If you are a fan of things like dwarf fortress or simply like ninja-ish material, you will like this. Warning however: this game requires a fair bit of patience do to the characters moveing slow (even with time sped up)"
76561198065229566,Recommended,233860,6388853,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Snarky,"Had to buy it, it's the cheapest it could be right now lol. Anyway, the game is being built slowly but it's an amazing concept and so far, even at half a game it's still looking awesome. It may have bugs and it may be glitchy but the creator is actually sticking to it and he's put alot of heart and deapth into it. Come buy this and try it and in the future who knows, maybe he'll have multi-player in, if not, this is still a fantastic game. the only game I've ever had this kind of reaction over before has been Sins of a Solar Empire, and I've been playing that for about 5 years lol, still logging those hours in now on steam with rebellion too =p"
76561198126890313,Not Recommended,233860,15652649,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,CountZakula,"UPDATE: After leaving this game alone for a long time, I've decided to re-install and see what's new, and I have no idea. See, I can't play around with it to see what's new because the game no longer runs at a playable frame-rate, and since I last played I've updated to a much more powerful PC. I don't know what did it, and frankly I don't care. If the developement cycle on this game is as slow as others have said, I don't think I'm even missing much.I get that it's an alpha, but I don't understand how the developers can be ok with selling something so weak on content, and so poorly optimized. Seriously, how poorly optimized can a game be? If I can run Dragon Age: Inquisition on max at 60fps, I should be able to run Kenshi at a framerate that's at least somewhere close to playable.Current Verdict: Do not buy this game. Seriously, unless the developers get serious about actually developing their game, I can not reccomend Kenshi to anyone. Keep in mind I am very sad to say this, because the vision the developers seem to have for the game sounds wonderful.Pre-update review: While I like the ideas behind the game and can see the potential, I just can't recommend it in its current state. Aside from following patrols to watch them kick bandit♥♥♥♥♥ or going out and getting your♥♥♥♥♥kicked by bandits, there just isn't anything to do aside from grind out your combat skills so that maybe eventually someday you just might be able to take on bandits. Yes the town building is neat, but forget having fun doing that for more than 15 minutes unless you can fight off bandits (odds are you can't). So far this whole ""be anything you want"" concept is not implemented yet. You can't ""be a trader, a thief, a rebel, a mercenary, a business owner, a doctor, a bandit... the list goes on."", you can be: A day laborer, or bandit fodder. And the world as of writting this review is sooooooooo empty and static (the opisite of what's said in the discription). I get that it's early access, I buy my fair share of early access games. But even with early access I expect at leasta fewof the features listed to be implemented, considering I paid 20 dollars for the game.As this is early access I'll be keeping an eye on developement and revisiting when it has more features. If I could give one piece of advice to the developers: Make your game fun to play! All the hardcore realistic blah blah blah doesn't mean anything if your game is boring."
76561197995268369,Not Recommended,233860,19083732,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Layla,"Love this game, its great the group control and micro managment is what i love, being able to customise characters of your sqaud and making a name for yourself. its really fun, i have had alot of issues with importing games and looseing characters but im confident the devs will sort this little gem out.recommended as its one of my fave EA games.editchanged my review after weeks and weeks of waiting for update news, the devs clearly are not as passionate about the game as i thought, no word, no updates, just silence. so untill i can be sure this isnt abandoned or the devs show they care about there community and the product i cant recommend this buggy mess of a game."
76561198007757275,Recommended,233860,11820119,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,booyoov,"The concept of this game is awesome. A true open world oriented game, with innovative and fascinating mechanics.An apocalyptic world, somewhere between Mad Max and Samurai ronin, where you get to build your own outpost, grow food and craft ever better blades and armor. lots of NPC to fight, or hire, leading to really great sword action scenes. The current desert map (they say a new bigger map is in the works) may seem empty, and it is, but will draw you in with red sunsets as you spend 10 minutes of real life time walking your character (or small army of 20) from a city to another.Unfortunately, it has been left at that for too long, and hasn't been worked on seriously for maybe 2 years. I have only had it for the last year or so, and must say little work has been done in that time. Sure, a patch comes up every month or two, but only to add a new useless model, or a non working one. Something trivial that really adds too little to this beautiful broken sandbox.The developers seem to take this game as a hobby, something to work on every now and then, and don't really address the the main problems; Broken economy, failing or halfway developed production trees, bad pathfinding system, frequent crashes, and numerous other glitches and bugs that makes the game unplayable (not to mention completely undeveloped, greyed out perks and abilities).Pretty, and creative, but broken. And btw, that's just the games framework I'm talking about, there is no lore or content here of any kind. No quests, or Diplomacy, and the only reason you'll talk to an NPC is to hire it or trade with it.But that's fine, as a game in development, it really is just that. Problem is you have no idea where it's going.The developer site has little info to offer(lofigames.com). You can find there a nice 'current features in game' thread that's ""updated regularly"" but hasn't been touched since september 2012. Or you can check the game's Wiki for more game info, but that wasn't updated since patch 0.44 (we're at 0.69 now).They have posted a 'roadmap' for what will be worked on, but wouldn't give any date, and at current pace, it will never happen. Sure, there are some promising announcements like a new path finding and 64bit engine, or a new map and even matching artwork for future animals, but since they did little to nothing in the last year or so, i'm very doubtful as to when or how that will come out.The last few patches, every couple of months or so, were as minor and insignificant as can be (non working walls, useless prospecting ability), the kind of stuff that can be done by one programmer in one relaxed weekend. And they are tossed just like that, without any schedule or following any serious timetable. You never know when a new patch comes out, or what it may contain.So do I recommend this game? no. I Don't.I believe the guy who came up with it should really get some studio's attention, and maybe start working on a new project from scratch (sign me up for that!). I believe this is one hell of a concept, worthy of a real developing team, with real budget and timetable.But at the moment, this is all you get for your money- the concept of a game. And judging from the past year of development, it will probably remain at that..But if you're crazy about open world sandbox games, try this experience out. It really does have nice ideas to it.P.Snothing would make me happier than to rewrite this review once development picks up speed. It probably won't.************************P.P.SJuly 8 2016 update:Through a long and slow progress, this game is starting to take shape.A lot of what I have mentioned above has been worked on since i've last played, some is still a problem (pathfinding and crashes are an issue), but the work put into new models and a fantastic map (of which only a small part has been released) - makes kenshi worth your time.I had  about 100 play hours when i wrote this review, and i have another 100 only from this past week or so.Go grab it. It's rough and tough, but I would definitely recommend it."
76561198007854505,Recommended,233860,24223449,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Wahya,"This game is buggy at times and very hard to survive. if that doesnt bother you then this is an amazing game. at it's current state i would wait for this to go on sale, but definately keep your eye on this game."
,Recommended,233860,24301226,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,[VD] Phallus,"I really like this game.I've been following it for a little over a year and am pleased to see how well it has progressed. Normally, I am quite hesitant to purchase early access games because I've been burned by them or have had friends lose money to greedy devs.However, this game is legit.It blends all my favorite game genres into a well crafted and fun game.There are, however, a few quirks which I hope the devs will be working on.- First is the pathfinding. At random times my toons run back to a gate to open/close it and then either freeze or go to another random area instead of the place where I am clicking. Frustrating as it defeats the purpose of having gates to begin with.- The toons randomly get stuck. Usually having another toon come and pick them up will help solve the issue, but when you're all alone, it is frustrating. Also, when I have some toons automate tasks, they get stuck under/on the stairs until I notice and have to get another toon to pick them up to unstick them.- When deleting walls, it crashes randomly. Sometimes it won't let me load the game back up so I have to use Steam's file validator to get it working again.- Every single time I exit the game it crashes. It has rarely crashed on me in game.- The camera sometimes gets stuck and I cannot move it around until switching to another toon. This happens at random times, but mostly when there are lots of crags and mountains.Overall, this game is incredibly fun and the devs seem quite passionate about it. I'd recommend it when it's on sale."
